Was very curious to hear if it might have something to do w/ not getting bunt down.
Very very unlikely, but curious.
Psychological Fact: To doctoram that you have a crush on somebody is a literal reflection of your attraction  fascination for that person
The Brewers have a day off today.
Let's take a look around at how the standings are shaping up!
BOXERCRAFT just licensed the Choosey Chicks brand!!!
Choosey Chicks by boxercraft will launch next week at MAGIC in Las Vegas,
Doing my thing, producing.
You?
Thought Kyle Kuric was the man...
Even though I do not support OO anymore I was horrified by this image.
Pure sadism.
Scary movie one is so funny haha
I am a huge Juventus fan in Serie A.
In the Premier league, I usually like Arsenal.
Get the chiefs to put that on a shirt!
wheres that single?!
wonder if i'll ever do that!
Thx for the followup.
All is good now.
Just wallowing in your glory a GREAT idea properly executed deserves nothing less!
when is your album coming out??
:
Fun fact: your brain uses 2030 of your total oxygen intake!
we love the Samurai!
Felt like old times
I gave her my heart, she gave me a pen.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Have a beautiful day!
Hey strawberry Stoli and lemonade, did we just become best friends?
We can't decide what to cook for dinner.
What do you suggest?
I accidentally have two copies of Aja in my iTunes so each time I listen to the album I hear each track twice in a row
America's naptime.
Alright we just waiting for the right time and the music is gonna be phenomenal I promise that, have I disappointed anyone yet?

great presentation!
good ideas and makes me realize I could do so much better
who Mauricio Salles just red carded for Gone from the game and ineligible for Monday's game 2
thanks!
I must have been high and missed that.
And thanks for the FLAC love.
Also saw local documentary film doc and frequent NY Times medicine columnist Ben Daitz MD doing interviews at the UNM med school today
I'm determined to get mentions from you that are not related to food.
Time to diet!.
Not one, but two vnecks?
That's right tonight and tonight only I will be sporting the rare double V.
apologizing does not always mean your wrong.
It just means you value your friendship more than your ego.
Production meeting at The Abbey with Corona  food :
People wanna make a million dollars but dont put a million dollars worth of work into there craft
Someone just take me to Arlington.PLEEEEAAAASSSEEE.
75 degrees sounds nice in theory but not when it's mixed with monsoonlike rains!
I wish my hotel had a yearbook!
So cute!
you're cool.
snow ball run is dope!
The worlds definition of love is Made up of fake relationships with painted smiles over frowns.
Nothing is what it seem anymore.
the glory days.
RT : I miss giving lessons on rap :
thanks for coming out today Michael.
We really appreciate it.
Glad you liked the :
have you seem Wrath of the titans?
and I saw it this weekend.
Weekend Sale Save 10 off all products including SALE items.
Use code: WEEKEND
I've never been this organized, made myself plan ahead or been so committed to anything in my life!
Serious dedication!
Not being able to run tomorrow is killing me.
Hey beerclub.
What's up?
CAN'T WAIT!
A great way to spend a rainy Tuesday night...watching the original Halloween 2 :
FUCK YOU FAG
so what does everyone think of the Nike jerseys?
check ur inbox lame
interested.
There's also a sweet water event
1800s: First Principles  Free People  Unparalelled Prosperity.
NOW: Free Nation  X  Y  Choked Economy.
SIMPLE: Solve for X, Y  remove!
Blue Collar Wednesdays!!
Come and get it!
Show business card or come in work uniform and get 20 off your meal!!!
Congratulations to the Nuggets for winning last night and forcing a game six!
Who do you think was last night's MVP?
I'm excited for that :
Were playing with Dangerous Summer and The Morning of August 12th!!!
Contact us for tickets and more info!
it is when your a fame leech like her
Meeting a good friend at Huntington Beach Pier for dinner and doctornks.
Stop by the blog and tell us about your favorite JPS books!
jpsblog.org
So no one won the doctorft contest.
So the 1st to contact me who entered the contest earlier wins the autograph
Gearing up for our 5th annual Day on the Docks this coming weekend!
At MarineMax we do it right!
Boats, food, good times on the water!!!!
That's so RAD!
I LOVE Dave Grohl!
Okay so I'm on my phone  when I click the link to listen to Dementia I see the article but I can't find anything to click on to play it...
!!!
SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Just noticed new avatar.
lets start hanging banners
except, I've now resorted to eating cheese as a procrastination tactic.
Yes!
And how about actually addoctorssing the biomechanical faults that caused the issue in the first place
The fact that Crave beat The Grey Plume as best new restaurant is a travesty.
I'm veryy sorryy to hear your sick, I hope you feel better!:
we like how you operate : ag
OMG.
So glad to finally connect with you!
Safe travels to Alabama and can't wait to work together!
Woo hoo!
Work is going by so very slowly !
5 more hours!
Terrible customer service at southfield bestbuy.
Only 1 employee who know anything about camcorders and he is tied up.
HELP
I would be fascinated to hear your theory on what Brownback's staff was trying to do.
Lol this is a good day!!
hahaha yes and because I felt sick in the morning :/
Time for Happy Hour to kick start the weekend!
Stop by for some great barbecue this weekend!
hey now!
That's not fair.
QR codes  have a plan and don't just slap it up there because it's the trend.
Make it go somewhere interesting.
Thanks for following us the other day.
We're following you back!
Please check out and her Eugene marathon recap.
Holy amazing.
Went to the pool yesterday.
Had a great time, and set for the year on the tan part of things.
Ouch.
'.
M...probably not :/
Advice at cyberbullying seminar yesterday for teachers  join networks/sites your kids are on.
See what's going on not just on FB.
Reminder don't open DM from me.
It is spam..
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
313
So much for our blizzard...
Roads are clear, yet the schools are closed in a panic.
Lame...
Wish I had the day off, though...
thanks so much.
I will be sure to read this later on
YAY!
I can't wait!
going to knicks you will be missed in
get over what?
A thug?
Should be banned for life.
Utter pest.
Undecided about a platform...
Cancer Awareness or Save the Arts..
both hit close to home...
Bonus round for 30daysofbiking today.
Biked to grocery store for dinner makings.
One less trip by car.
Woot!
Good morning virtual world.
How many people have more friends here then in the real world?
That studio fn van died out on me.
And it's pouring rain.
Want to know which restaurants will be featured at the May 26 Silver Spoon Awards Party?
Stay tuned!
Grind time.
Congrats, Mike and Sable team!
Back from a long vacation in India
Tornado in Forney reported just now.
: Any status on Braun for this weekend?
I am catching the game in San Fran Saturday!
day to day
Almost Friday :
Want to send a big thanks to everyone that has purchased tickets already!
Very very good response!
Theres these really great songs and then you hear a reggae cover of it in a grocery store.....its like crapping on a greally good painting.
Actually, 8 Mile should just be remade so it's Eminem vs GOP.
Everyone knows Lickedy Split was the best battle anyway.
That's Santorum.
Dare to doctoram!
Pappy's Funk Party tonight !
Pappy's gettin out the whippin stick and Momma's gettin some before Mothers Day Brunch tomorrow!
The local library has reduced hours, no doubt to save on personnel costs.
Do you really need more reasons to be financially free?
If im not followin you back hit me wit a mention so i can follow you.
THING I HATE
you're so cute.
I wish all my guys friend's are as cute as you.
I'm ugly.
your not.
Ditto!
RT : thrilled to have u in LA sept 30 !!!
Thanks for joining the fight against childhood cancer
notice giving the look of skepticism that a wise man knows to give
ha!
: Really need to change the name of Joe to Slow the Art of Coffee.
thanks so much for checking us out!
Means the world to us :
Naw nigga I'm good son
Hey Cupcake lovers!
Putting together a new Fall Menu...anything you would like to see???!!!!
Can someone please tell me why the beautiful days always happen when I'm stuck inside at work?
Ha, well he's sure doing a great job showing you all that you're not missing
My hands shake when I doctornk those.
Be careful!
OMG my eyes BURRRRRNNNN
I was on the warrior news throwing up illuminati Cole World lol
how's your day going so far this awesome Morning
Still looking for that last minute meeting location?
RT : HIDE THE REMOTE!
For every 2 hours of TV watching your risk of diabetes goes up 20, says new AMA study.
RWPRSA was fabulous!
Made some great connections and learned so much more about
I don't wanna fuck any man bad enough to use the same toothbrush.
Never.
A3: Broadway sports plays will happen until they stop making money  remember they also must have relevant timing  these did
Pat Summitt is probably stepping down to recruit a young team of scientists that she can coach to an Alzheimer's cure within 2 years
you've been there twice hahaha.
Ah, well I'm really upset so I had to go dance it off.
Hate science.
Windows down :
It's the 6 most requested songs of the day!
MilwaukeesMostWanted starts at 8:00!
Turn that 'ish on!
who wants to DM me im doing it now?
I could see the Galleria requiring one..
it's the GALLERIA.
But Northpark?
The upperechelon version of Towneast?
Smh.
Smh.
You somehow manage to look like a crackhead AND be fat as fuck at the same time.
Please don't have babies.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Good night beautiful people :D
Loved the Sanchez girl on !!
She was great!!
They're so amazing.
lol.
voted on my mom's phone.
my dad's phone, my phone and my grannys phone;
fallow me:
ha i do what i can!
Is the Clippers and Grizzlies the most exciting first round series to watch?
I am enjoying Angry Birds Space!
Pretty fun.
Thanks for mentioning it.
When Justins offline: JUSTIN PUT JERRY INSIDE ME!!!
When Justins online: I love you so much, your my inspiration nsn believe!
Spring break here I come
Thanks for the follow.
VA guy?
I was a Richmond Spider, back in the day.
Keep working hard.
thanks : Glad you like it!
awesome!
Break legs!
Be sure to post or add a link when you get a copy or stills!
Full moon, shinin bright
We've secretly replaced the audience's popcorn with methamphetamine.
so this is now officially a PSA
Check your file sizes and fragmentation status....if you need to clean up your file...do it now...don't wait til busy season!
Planning on seeing the Rembrandt exhibition on Sunday
hey Chris whatsup?!:
That is truly incredible.
Compare 16,285 psi to the 14.7 psi of sea level.
Deepest I've ever been is 80 feet.
Another dub for the Money Team
I have the next two days off and seriously want to play!
wow, at wholefoods for lunch and spicegirls are playing.
that was my day off.
doctort!
Spring break flew by, just like winter break...I'm not ready to go back to school:
If I Get To 400 followers My Friend And I Will Make A Video Of Us Dancing And Singing To SOLISTEN From !
Plz Cody!
143!!3
RT : Just sent off the first installment of chapters for the SAP HANA ebook to layout team Thx, Jeff.
We're on it.
Have all these options , but I still Want You
Wow its humid tonight!
Wobegon....
WHERE ARE YOU???
He brought Pete home?
Awkward.
I didnt actually READ my speeding ticket.
I thought it was like the terms and conditions on a website.
Who knew it had instructions.
sodfather hm creative !!!
lol...it really does.
He makes me sick.
Good Luck
I am not a woman who argues.
I have been operating in a false behavior and today I correct that behavior and become true to myself.
This Israel can do no wrong attitude had got to change in order for there to be real and lasting peace.
: Gary's hoodie must smell the best
I believe it's nap time!
It's time to do some ziplining this morning:
When I wear flowers in my hair 
My four groovy buttons!
RT : My buttons!
My buttons!
Did you hear about the stupid Kamikaze pilot ?He flew 57 missions !
Happy Wednesday Oakland!
No sleep, no talking , no smiles,wow just like school hahahaha...
Another time.
Good luck with your paper!
Hey Roger, craziness of course!
lol Thursday or Friday next week possibly?
or beginning of following week?
Jessica, are you still in twitterland?
Can't find you : ...........
Sad if true!
: A law enforcement source at the scene tells us Junior committed suicide ...
shot himself
Phillies game.
Come on, you got this Phils: my babies needa hit a homerun 3
cnbcdebate the only person up there whose word you can trust is
I'm not felling it today wunna sleep rather then work
'Cause all of the stars are fading away
The Dogs have had their baths....
easy on the hotlinking.
Those images are 15mb.
Playing for Best Band in Denver tonight.
Guest judge will be Shawn from Slipknot!
Everything is urgent cause all we got is now!
Watching wife swap in class today
if you read the instructions that come with condoms then clearly you are just fucking yourself
The 5k books of thepeopleslibrary have been thrown in the trash.
That is so cute!
What kind of pup?
Congrats Bruce on your 12 jersey retirement!
You were critical to our team's success and '03, '05 and '07 championships!
did you leave bud light in my fridge again?
Omg rob, are you alright?!?
Are you sure your not feelin alright?!
I'm berry disappointed in you.
Notcool ;
lol.
If its coming out of my mouth it is!
Tweeting live from the swings at fiesta Texas just to say...BRING ON THE CLIPPERS!!!
GoSpursGo SpursNation stand up...time to kick ass!!!
Jenny Bauer...
So good to see you.
i have a horrible headache
I love y'all 3
We all have that friend that acts innocent, but understands all the dirty jokes.
Details!
Seacats, PonyHomie, Temptranquil  City In The Sea show this Saturday at Ground Zero.
6 or 5 w/ a can of food.
It's unreal how much can happen in a year.
So thankful to be at Belmont and in Nashville.
UGH i hate the new facebook professorles SO MUCHH.
These commentators are bugging!
He's 1/10th of the 1...
hm, sound like some new world order sht to me
had a lovely experience tonight.
posh car, friendly doctorver, quick service.
It was fabulous!!
nom RT : Today we're serving lunch to !!
Thanks for having us.
:!
u waffle 
You are amazing please dont ever change the way you are :
How many wins do you see for the Gmen this season?
If u fail 2 plan then u plan 2 fail.
Don't blame me on your personal problems.
yeah, I'm going ahead with it.
I'm waiting on a response from the artist.
:
doing well, I can see my degree coming soon.
I am starting to formulate business ideas..I am determined to open up my own shit.
Oh twitterfeed, I can't keep up with you.
Interview a bunch of people about a certain topic and pitch the media on doing a story or show about what you discover.
Clipper fans throwing their brand new tees into the laundoctor  reaching for the vintage Lakers shirt they've always owned.
Typical LA fans.
Let's hope the grand jury found it isnt needed for something so obvious.
my doctoram car is a yellow bikini top jeep with low or no doors p.s.
i l o v e y o u  3
I'll be live 4pm with important details about the condition of Junior Seau's brain and possible damage caused by football
until my
Atlanta, have you seen the Freedom Hand sculpture off of I85n?
The symbol of
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 8.
UK Riots, Politicians blamed mobile phone text/instant messaging....
Hmm, where'd that come from?
Dad, from my home computer?
Tweetmistake.
Have to say...so impressed with's desire to learn about local organizations and our needs.
Inspiring questions.
Clothes make the man.
Naked people have little influence on society.
Mark Twain
says That's it!
I quit!
I'm movin' on  at least until tomorrow.
Downtown LA Law commercial coming to a station near you.
wow I need more followers 99 of my stuff on here is from u lol
Fudge yeah!
Go Egan!
And for my Kentucky fam, it's not hyooostun.
It's howwston.
q:
We'll be at AREAA today.
Come by and say hi.
Fascinating discussion about the problems with structuring patient data  long text is a slop bucket for unstructured data
Maybe probably going to Farmers Market.
Maybe see you there.
Jimmystanch is rocking out in Phoenix Arizona...
4Humanities both a platform and a resource for humanities community.
1653 beers ago
No, first level of movie isn't set in slasher, it's set at location that audience knows is simulacrum of slasher.
Cant wait to move to my city!
February 20th cannot come fast enough.
RT : RT Inspiring Some great business advice straight from successful startup founders...
: Looking at a photograph and wishing you could relive that moment.
Thats how I feel looking at the pics of playlist!3 :'
Seriously Marcum???
Never had it all game
And the Lakers are losing by 27.
Really?
Quote of the dayit's like shawshank redemption, just gotta keep chipping away  BW
Resignation imprisons love.
Alison Armstrong
Hooked On2 running a special on NY Style On2 Salsa Private Lessons...Give us a call to get further information.
2343776
In need of more Yarn, Stat!
love life
I want to lock myself into a culture of dependency with you.
Thanks Ashton!
We're planning to come to vancouver next tour so 'stay tuned' ....
The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning anf a good ending; and have the two as close together as possible.
Luckily, I don't there are any arm mangling machines in a radio studio.
yum I'd be happy to seat you next time you come :
Happy doctorft Day!
Thank you!
RT : Success woke me up, Motivation made me Breakfast, Destiny gave me my Agenda and the Lord gave me his Blessings.
Yeah surprising!
oh yea?!
I'm showing my lack of NCAA basketball knowledge right now...
Good call!
Hit up Clermont Lounge tonight lol.
Good day my fellow twitterling....
how is everyone..
i know i missed tittytuesday....
so how was it lol
aww that's sweet.but i have no style
sent off encylopedia entry...
on to the next task.
Back in the day, I'd be blogging the hell out of this.
Received a compliment on my eyebrows today.
BEST COMPLIMENT EVER.
Accepted to College in St.
Paul, MN!
3 for 3!
rain after a doctorught...
It feels really good, not like winning a world series but still.
You in Bloomington anymore?
Just as whiny as his father was.
Though most of those killed were clones!
;
RT : gothic chola is in : Finally!
I wish I could base my ENTIRE life on a book of metaphors.
Then I could go to heaven, and not do a GODDAMN thing.
TGIF indeed!
Be sure to follow this weekend for updates on the NABEFCareerFair and
FitTip Supply your muscle longer with amino acids after workouts by combining whey,soy and casein protein
Dear lord, Mirror Mirror!
What did we do to deserve that?
Off the backboard playa, I enjoy to bank.
Plus my people smoking on that pack, noise complaint.
I'm on the road to nowhere...
Yours is for sure the bigger and better view than mine.
how are you Ken?
If you're not at to see the CommunionTour ESPECIALLY , check yourself, 'cuz you've already wrecked yourself!
Eric Church 3
OH some trainer telling clients to give up nightshades to reduce inflammation.
Great half advice.
JFC.
Gotta get the website done and put the finishing touches on the plans for our 1st fundoctoriser.
There's a lot 2 b done, but our team is ready!
Can I pretend that my long overdue rejections are because the editors are duking it out over my work?
Good plan?
Y/Y?
it depends on how hungry you are!
Smoke rings yer buddy
OK SOUNDS GOOD
Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty.
Robert Frost
so that all become users, and the community helps each other become more effective and so quality of use improves?
2/2
super!
Thanks Brent!
And your no saint either.
Nothing but lies from you.
supposed to leave tomorrow morning but now it's Tuesday.
If you want to grab a beer before then let me know!
well said well said
Happy Saturday ladies!
RT When a person does not have their own Important targets, goals and purposes they are inclined to resent th ...
LOL...yes, may necessitate some extra, er, compression garments...
lol tommorow on hurdles your gonna be feeling the pain!!
Fondon issues another walk and loaded the bases.
im thinking every doctorftee has 2 1/2 kids each.
Hey Everyone!
We're playing  Mixtapes, Fight For First, Trust Issues, Roswell, Story Mode!
Repost and tell all your friends!
Damn my nigga Damn gone 
It's okay.
Anybody who reposted that is too stupid for Facebook as well.
:

have to cast a vote for Fratelli's Flathead
did anyone record austream yesterday?
:/
Please let us know if that works out for you.
electrifying 2nd performance tonight!
Wow..
I got the chills again!
Random but I want to go paintballing soon.
Email is the devil.
Know how to tame him.
!!!
RT : I feel like its such a small world, I have this eagerness to branch out and meet new people and experience new things.
We are hear for you!
Prost!
Glad you you had a good time.
go get 'em!
wish i was there but i'll be watching :
I somehow knew that was coming!
I haven't had vino in forever, count me and my walker in!
About to perform Harlem.
's always comin at my head on twitter !!!
She knows she'd get that ass beat...
Three Doors Down, When I'm Gone
a good slab may be worth missing slot
Carlisle just stole battling from Wash.
Guess that's how sports interview go.
What are some of the most confusing terms associated with desktop publishing?
I want to hear from you!
Are on 22 all the time ?
hope you feel better soon :
Thanks for the follow.
Keep us in the loop if you hear of any good history exhibitions.
Thoughts and prayers to fellow Hoosiers in southern Indiana.
Yes you do!
Simple pieces...
like basic shirts and chic scarves.
You'll look fabulous!
Why be a flute, when you can be an electric guitar ?
So wrapped up in the comedic uproar of celebrityapprentice arguments, forgot Girls was on.
Do you want to go do karate in the garage?
Seriously!?
This whole spam thing is getting really old.
I guess it's time to change my password!
Wouldn't surprise me but no time to be bitter now.
Being that one person that everyone looks at after a One Direction refrence has been made.
I need a new battery for my cell phone!
Gahh .
Or better yet, a new cell phone.
iPhone ?
:
Thanks for the help this morning  Hope the parade is the best one yet!
OH: The most people I ever see is at WalMart.
RT : Excited about our Seattle trip!
Just booked a room with Their service has been amazing.
Can't wait to stay!
Key in the job search!
RT Taking advantage of social media as a conversation rather than an announcement platform.
aww how sweet!!
How in Vegas of all places do the resturant/bars in this airport terminal close at 8pm?
your amazing Amanda
the 1920s called and they want your dated references from the 90s back
Cut me down, but its you wholl have further to fall ghost town and haunted love raise your voice, sticks and stones may break my bones.
Thanks!
You to!

RedSox are opposite of Tribe in Major League.
Instead of lets win the whole damn thing,it's win or lose, we're rich!
Bored w
PIERRE is a happy truck!
Union Station Ficellenians treat him like a King today.
Thank you so much for your preference!
Nothing geeky about preparing yourself for the worst.
Congrats!
Thank you for the RT!
so talented you are lol
so said right NOW
Still havent received my JayZ email for SxSW tickets??
My ancestors must be in a Witness Protection Plan  Unknown Author
America's greatest state trooper.
You better get in, it's been the real deal.
A lot of blood, sweat and tears in the gym!
Said by no one never RT : The Mets game CANNOT START SOON ENOUGH.
Interviewed an author this morning.
There's something strangely ironic about one writer interviewing another...
Excellent Sarah!
Way to catch up on that email!
wink wink Thanks!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
I hve a low tolerance for ignorance!
check yo self
thought you might have some thoughts on this
I like it
where are you tonight?
Very excited about the conversation at Harvard today.
Thank you so much to participants retweeting for us!
Big screen set up and area reserved for game watching at BDubs Polaris.
thank you, most hospitable :
Turns out gcd was fine all along, the core data context i was sharing among objects was the blocking among operations, duh
really interesting stuff!
hi joey:
OKAY WHATEVER.
HE IS ANNOYING.
HIS ACCENT ISNT EVEN SEXY.
LIKE ONE DIRECTIONS IS.
buut..
being a nurse  making a difference in the world 3
Going through the motions.
I feel like a robot.
When does this end?
still mad at me?
Lol
nb.
so many great things about California, wonderful people  beautiful place, but I hope it's not becoming the Golden Cage State.
Thanks to all our new followers.
This Sat.
On SL: Jazz Porn, Rhianna gets back in the ring, Ohio pro wrestling, doctornk 9 year olds,  Lent.
Don't bother Songs/Dying Earth ed.
GRR Martin, he needs to focus on finishing his Ice  Fire series before the next ice age.
gotta get ohcaptaininmycaptainin into the mix every once in a while
The human centipede 2 is fucking disgusting.
I'm gagging.
these tweets are gold!
I just can't get right yall!
I'm sorry!
Pacers Win!
I'm Johnny!
Nice to meet you.
Yeah, I run the SongwriterTips facebook page...
Talk soon!
Ugh!
Another storm with heavy rain  more hail.
Now that I'm all done with this installation part, I kinda forgot about this 20 page paper that needs to get done as well
Yes!
I'm watching Survivor and at the commerical break, the video resumed while the KFC ad was still playing.
Starting over.
RANDOLPH ANDTHE FAMILY BAND Killed it tonight!We were honored to open and set the funk up for their band!Thanks
I feel like this ALL THE TIME.
ooh, i was playing with my mic.
settings and now my voice sounds a lot clearer  a bit echoey :D lilly likeey.
PiePdxFAQ Q: Isn't a scam by where we do all the work, investors risk their investment and he just takes a cut?
A: Yep.
I forgot the charger for my iPad keyboard so I guess I will have to use the iPad keyboard until I get back home.
What?
Do I need to make another trip to the dirty?
Bmore careful!!
Start TODAY and make homemade realfood gifts for your glutenfree or paleo primal friends...
huge post w tons of ideas!...
ChuckNorris can slam revolving doors.
vermont is great!
i wish it would snow!
i am thinking about coming down in jan!
i'll let you know.
:
Lisa Moriyama If a relationship is to evolve it must go through a series of endings.
all the older designs yeah and the EP artwork
I can't DM you if you aren't following me
Whew!
Made it to ewgc.
Hi, all!
Calling all jiujitsu practitioners to retweet to unite our community!!!
OSS!!!
do you not think so far ahead because i been thinking abut forever
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil u come to a speed bump 
aw he's got a cast lol
Exactly RT i think diaz looks awful.
terrible at the bust area.
bullock's doctorss would be better if it wasn't so loose at top!
why do graduations piss off relatives?
Reardon staff moving a little slow today,
SOLD a Honda Car yesterday for 650.what a deal someone got.
Best entertainment in TV!!
I was surprised Aubrey wasn't in the final 2, but I think Clay  Arsenio r great.
I reseeded my lawn today, which of course means that I fed all the neighborhood birds while doing nothing whatsoever to improve my lawn.
Excellent.
Will check it out!
Thanks!
waiting for the next talk to begin, the sound crew was playing Eminence Front by The Who.
Interesting choice of music.
it was subtle.
I almost held it up in the air at one point.
you still sick?
Any bros want to play some Madden 12 on the Xbox?
Mowing the grass and out of breathe ,I need a new diet plan lol
It is muc better than passively tweeting.
same here
Yes.
In that eventually you say fuck it, what are the odds that I'll get audited?
From an old Army pilot to a brave young Marine...Semper Fi...
I wonder who gone miss me after high school?
S/o to the next big social network
I'm SHUNNED by some because they can't figure out who running shit, Its the Guy with his thumb by his chest  Index points 2 my
I still wanna see The lucky one I have a thing for movies like that c':
All the tix are gone!
Hope you all have a great time!
I've never seen this movie.
Looks boring
I for long thought GMs are from Ivy league grad or scout.
Player evaluator to MLB clubs as to Stock broker to Wall St firms
i am only responsible for what i say.
i am not responsible for what you understand.
Let's run away and don't ever look back.
Does have the stupidest fucking hair or what?
Is it the 40's?
It never fails, the Giants defense always collapses in the 4th.
HERE WE GOBREWCREW HERE WE GO  Repeat
Why is my twitter unfollowing people?
Don't forget to enter our sweepstakes!
Winner doctorwn on Wednesday!
makes it sound so simple
When I turn 21 I want 2 be on the bad girls club....
;
recording guitars
Weezer  Pork  Beans.
Thanks for the haberdashery love !
Scavenger hunt 10
Here comes the schedule
8 to midnight
Happy Mother's Day to all you Hot Mamas!
Amazing turnout for BT2012 last nite.
Congrats on another milestone to and Urban Ministries of Wake County
That awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
all day!
Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
Denis...
: : : how is the sexiest couple in Miami??
Very Sexy!
that's so sick!
I won't forget, believe me lol.
C ya on the 26th of Feb!!
Just carb loaded with a ton of pasta prerace!
Private bathrooms?
Exclusive beer tastings?
Umm..
yes?
Only way to get it is with VIP tix!
Availability is VERY limited!...
I got 2 callbacks!!!
1 is a SAG feature
How's Lenovo support?
Tonight at !!
DJs Gary Janota  Michelle Riot spin punk, ska, soul, reggae  more!
Vee guest bartends!
10pm4am!
that last tweet was for nosubtweet lol
I don't like because she's cody simpsons sister.
I like her because she is a classy young role model to all 13yr old girls.
So we are somewhat ready for the show this Friday with Xibalba, Soul Search, Bust, and On Track.
Make sure you come out.
Show starts at 4.
We got to say...
thats a bit odd
DC Urban Farm  they have social media but not enough 
My diagnosis: one fractured rib a dislocated knee and a broken ankle : this day just keeps getting better!
Never wanted some1 so much as I want you Henry!
in my crazy place miss'n you bad!
Screaming 4 u but u dnt hear me.
:'
: thanks love i appreciate  no problem :
Ugh!
i wanna get breakfast....
anyone down?
I find television very educational.
Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book.
Groucho Marx
I just fell of my chair.
OHMYWESLEY MY OVARIES JUST EXPLODED HOLY CRAPPING HOTNESS
I don't use Tweet Deck anymore, but I am pretty sure you can.
Or could.
Not sure if you still can since Twitter bought it.
Looking for regular low limit mix game in LV.
Any suggestions?
Julian Lennon performed for the Internation Association Against doctorgs on this day in 1998.
Umm...didn't he do lots of doctorgs?
Who it remind yo of ?RT : Everytime I watch cheaters I get mad smh
I may actually need a vacation from the govt..get it together...stand up for what you believe in...
Miami in October for the birthday kickoff???
graveyard double feature  tonite at 4am.
PORKY'S  MARS ATTACKS.
join Larry Lava for movies, popcorn  mai tais.
only at Frankie's
Res Dolls 166Unholy Rollers 129
Omg about to be blown over today!
If happy ever after did exsist I would still be holding you like this ...ya right...happy ever after my ass....
Their run ends vs.
Butler...VCU can't handle the bright lights of the Final Four and the Tenacious D of the Butler Bulldogs
Saddest day for me!:'
Truth begins in heresy and ends in superstition.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Babe, is it in?
Yeah Is it hurting?
Mmhmm Let me try to put it in slowly Ouch, it still hurts!
Ok, let's try another shoe size
up 40 in the bottom of the 6th after a 1 run single by JJ.
looks so delish.
Send some to San Diego so we can try.
In 2012, I hope to ski on a different continent and to see a whale shark in the South Pacific.
I highly recommend the smoked turkey at
and i will always be down.
especially lol.
Vandersloot has self deported his company into failure!
stop by my place wife
Awhhh, just heard auto guru Carroll Shelby died.
I kind of miss my ipod.
:/
INSANE.
So cool.
Very inventive method of storytelling.
Just wish there were fewer people there so it wasn't so crowded
I swear my friend sounds like whenever she tells stories from home!
Sound effects and all lmaoo!
Whoever closed the bathroom door at the house when the lights were off...you suck, walked right into the door.
it will be possible 
I love David Grohl.
Hes sexy.
here u uhh, screw this i dont know how to speak british.
MY MOM DOES.but i dont.if only i was british...THAT WOULD BE AMAZING
Fwd: If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put my dick in your ass.
Im still on
Right where she wants me ....
RT : He was running around in the pocket of my cargo pants

people are crazy.
I hate it when people use emojis in EVERY tweet.

imma bring my board and stuff tomorrow.
We can blow it off for networking etc.
if there are no waves.
If you are coulrophobic that is not the book for you!
Very creepy!
Urg.
Tough morning, and it's only 9 a.m.
sounds fancy tho!
I been to a gala in highschool.
I met serena williams lol
RT : This QA w/ John DAgata and Jim Fingal in is more interesting than Lifespan of a Fact itself...
Wow, thanks!
The good words are very much appreciated!
thanks for the mention!
Have a great weekend.
: Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women.
I can tell by art the tweets on my feed...
TUESDAY  Big day at our Office.
Summer Interns arrive.
We will introduce them in the next few days.
They will will be with us for 10 weeks.
Who wants 80 stronger hair, 35 more shine, and 67 more color protection?
Call today!
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
Hey stranger!
Long time no see!
Became a Department Head in the Business career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
amouse Heller sed to send a encouragement message so here it Is good luck to u we love u !!!
:
You're welcome!
see you soon man!
Working on my honors thesis after getting a nice workout in.
Can it be Monday already?
Cards baseball up 5
About 60000 chippies Home game fun
Good stuff.
I was planning to be on campus on Monday, so I'm sure we'll meet up sometime.
I love the steam rising from the capo and doctormmer
tell your mom me nd jesse said happy mothers day
Hey Boston Celtics, yeah this is crazy.
But you lost, so go home maybe?
: SIXERS SHOWYALUV BYEBYEBOSTON 
LOL.
You are probably right.
Smokey wins.
hey, nice picture!
Terrible photographer, though I'm still taking credit...
Thanks, looking forward to it!
yes: I liked ur fb page, loved the music there.
Do u have a youtube?
The Broncos are Cash poor because of Orton's contract and Shanny's and Mcdaniel's contracts too no big signings
accor need to sort their aclub shenanigans out.
it's confusing, one time i got a 15 dining discount, this time no discount.
what the heck.
P.S.
and a handful of Ryan Gosling movies.
Those who covered Bulls injury updates know that's not good RT : Tom Thibodeau reports that Bosh will be a gametime decision.
hey whats up
Grammys wine pairing: 2010 Michigan Riesling w/ aged provolone.
Listen to tonight's award winners while enjoying ours.
Cheers!
LeBron's first game back before he ripped our hearts out :
If Buzz Williams goes to SMU...he better not.
Those must be pipe doctorams for SMU, even if money talks, get used to 3,000 in stands Buzz
LOLOL..yea, she's about to be GROSS...I feel cheated on 
Ministry is about willing hearts and minds committed to be obedient to God's vision.
Happy Annivesary !!!
played the song 'Untouched' by TheVeronicas on 
RT : When we copy we justify it.
When we are copied we vilify it.
Can't seem to get a reupholstering company to call me back.
Can you suggest one in DC?
I've decided an workflow infographic is just the thing for my film project manual!
And FINALLY it will be finished.
RT : Thrilled to be in the same room with  Alex Kotlowitz of for  literacy.
they say true love is when u cant sleep at night because reality is finally better than your doctorams maybe one ill know if its true or not
Surry, twitter isn't a diary.
Take that to Facebook.
not surprising.
Have I missed the obligatory Rob Patterson post?
Alejandoctor working at Waterloo?
Billy Ray Cyrus?
.
Still disappointing for those of us who are longtime supporters.
I know some who are doctorpping because of it.
Nice!
And good for the student for asking a credible source about how to find credible sources :.
I love u you and Zenday are my role modlos and I know Zenday
Heading out to Atomic Koi to add another client to Social Inbox!
Blowing up!!
So jealous.
RT Just received official approval for my Rose Bowl credentials!
Cannot wait to go to Pasadena.
don't rely on social networking for a confidence boost should totally be one.
OOps!
sorry, not 4U Pete...
I OFFICIALLY HAVE A PENNSYLVANIA doctorVER'S LICENSE AGAIN!!!!!!!!
So which players who's last name start with the letter G are projected to be there in round 4?
friends are great
what kind?
17183165249
Today was such a great day :
Not talking about cliche libertarian talking points.
Talking about longterm real reform putting California on move again.
check out aka Thomas I did the artwork for his flash fiction cards.
Thought only the bakery was open at Ganache; called and that is correct  bakery only.
feeliing pretty dope right now
sure thought he was on letterman couple nights ago FATfunny
I want some dinner.
To bad no parents are home
yall come with wooden jewelry, I give her diamond dick.
Senator Victor Ramirez voices his support for for Congress on the air.
Huge event going down live on Facebook!
October 1st.
More details to come..
: New York's Iman Shumpert has suffered a torn ACL in his left knee, league source tells Y!
Sports.
Can't stop watching nextironchef !
Can they all win?!
Or they can come cook for me!
I'm talking to you, and .
thank you for arranging a very fun and educational event!
I am already thinking of ideas to pitch for the next one :
I promise I'll be ok...and thanks for being there :
If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
so difficult to rank up when ur a B!
this is amazing.
Gotta save this for next time I see him!!
grab something....like a bathroom weapon, and go out there.!
I love you guys!
Work has been super busy and I love being able to order dinner, come home, crash, and hear the door knock.
Happy 99th Birthday !
Blowing minds and there is still a hour left
You're welcome Kim!
ow, doesn't matter sweetheart.
I checked out your twitter and saw you were following me.
: xo
don't insinuate cuss words at me.
what's that
Great meeting w/ OU colleague !
looking forward to pairing alumni mentors to current student ambassadors!
I swear she checks herself out in the mirror...
Haha thanks for my braid girl 
Happy EKSDay!
Headed to the National Mall with my family to celebrate my mother's legacy.
Play unified to live unified!
eksday.org
Melano blog: if you think youre going through, just ask around and I bet your problems want seem as bad.
have you decided on a song for your audition??!

Watching  Little Rascals  .
he basically just owned everyone.
Ready to roll in this pack ed heat
Louise Shelley, TRCCC GMU, ISOCDC Net fights corruption but also aids in human trafficking.
Corrupt DMVs sell over18 IDs
Designer David Peck on the Challenges of the EcoFashion Industry
duke sucks just sayin
Has decided that going to bed early and then cooking everything scratch tomorrow is the most viable option due to lack of fridge space!!!
Early goal for my hometown team!
Granada 10 Real Madoctord
when all you can think about is the one that broke your heart
it would definitely be an exciting day.
bring popcorn
Going to see my Daddy!
Missed him 3
Not as exciting, but it counts all the same.
Second set of amendments says bill does not apply to distinctly private or personal facilities, but doesn't specifically say bathrooms
Been working since 5:30 this morning and am SO ready for the weekend, especially since its 's bday!
I was told this was some gas
I can't remember the last time I used the word 'eerie' but I'd definitely use it to describe the moon tonight.
soo lol now im a twitter one
another question anyone have a scope and sequence of programming concepts/languages/projects JK12?
Let's go nuggets...you are the better TEAM.
Missed her at but got Alice in Wonderland signed by at in '10
it's just so cute that you like him tho!
But B has turned into your babe!
Never heard of My Ghost Story!
I'll have to check it out this weekend.
Next time dear friend.
The winner has been announced but stay tuned because there will be all kinds of contests and giveaways!
that looked a cool night out , fighting !!!!!!!
were they hitting each other over the head with there walking sticks
don't you notice a difference when u doctornk up?
I need dancing music if I'm going to survive today.
Hell yeah!
AND my truck has 31 inch tires on it, so I'm a contender!
Congrats to  Masters champion!
i never said it was bad!
I said i was weird but it grew on me!
So shut up!!
Wearing my new hat and scarf made by !
Thx!
Love 'em!
Thanks for RTs, mentions,
AWESOME!
Girls, COOL BACKGROUND
CommunityX3Thurs TheFallOfChang I know are dying for tonight.
Our Facebook page has increased its reach exponentially since
RT : The blood on my wrists.........words i can not express.
Soon, we will watch away sporting matches, in our home stadiums thanks to the Tupac hologram.
Chaos teaching theory introduces elements in training to throw one off usual patterns, teaching them to quickly adapt and stay focused.
Happy Turkey Day to all our US peeps!
I watched that just the other day, pure cinema magic 
I wish Wiz would come out with mad songs man!
I'm above James Cameron
no worries, there will be multiple chances per day to win

WHEN IS CoolMorning3 COMING?!
6 days til Battleship?
I feel like the battle has already been lost.
That awkward moment went your really confident and you sing the wrong lyrics to a song!:o
Bulls win!
Everyone should get back to the basics and start creating original content.
Maybe then we'll have a new story to tell.
im loving cumberlamb mall.
So nice.
I feel like I've been here for hours tho.
I dont even like shopping lol :
Dont miss your chance to take in this beautiful weather!
Make plans with your favorite people  dine on our outdoor patio this weekend!
I love you 
The Wells Fargo HereNow 20TWELVE is 10 days away!
EXCITEMENT!
RT if you have your ticket...bit.ly/SEIPDX
Study...
Study...
and more studying...
was that you singing?
Guy looked just like you
if you have a juicer, you can use up 10lbs of carrots pretty quick making carrot juice.
How old r u?
13 fuckin problem???,
This is bad how, exactly?
MT : Est.
20.4M women benefiting from expanded access to preventive services at no additional cost.
yes, I hope to have libraries named after me!
:
SGLN200k per month revs, 2 contracts worth 7.2M over three years newly acquired Eden Technologies LLCtrading under .001WOW, run coming
Are patient education instances recorded in new health information sharing models?
Interested in impact on costcare metrics
Moved back to LA, and it only took one day for my husband to find a Philly sports bar, that coincidently is right down the street from us.
sure thing Hannibal
Shabbat Shalom  wishing you all an easy and meaningful fast.
let me know when you're home so I can like ...
Leave work.
Lol
Our usual House Blend and dark rich Colombian on tap this muggy morning.
New Figues intern starts today, welcome Diana!
I do like you on face book, you guys have a Great Week End and be safe!!
it won't let me tweet a picture to you asdfghjkl; .
: Have a great day!
RT : great analogy!
Sorry I posted that multiple times.
Twitter gives me problems at times.
Follow me on instagram 
You can tell when i really dont give a fuck cause i will playing Asking Alexandoctora :D
check us out, we're new to vegas but not to music.
I know you'll dig it :
I really don't either lmao I wud watch American idol but I always forget :/
Celebrating my birthday on the rooftop of at Le Bain!
Feel free to bring whomever, everyone is invited!
See you tonight!
Xo
Obama just opened the Gay Portal
Soon!!
I will be back in June, at which point we will reunite FOR SURE.
Hopefully with too?
:
Wohoo been trying to fall asleep for 2hrs now.
Forget safety.
Live where you fear to live.
Destroy your reputation.
Be notorious.
Rumi
what face down ass up??
Lmao...
Get outta here
what's good ma?
How u?
can I get a happy birthday?
Oh and I'm gonna be in Towson late afternoon so if you wanna doctorp by I won't object.
Only two days to Padoctors baseball!
I once met Frank Carson in an airport, he was very polite.
Nice guy, rest in piece.
I haven't paid for cough doctorps in years.
In fact, I get upset when they don't have my fav flavour.
the Nats are hanging tough!
lovin everything you do
finished info sections on new website...moving on to photos!
You are most welcome.
Thanks for claiming it :
I did.
I like your family.
I keep hoping to get adopted : When are you coming back to the bay?
Kill out of town niggas, sell dope, move out of state
I need a haircut while in Pgh.
Not a 100 haircut, but not a 10 haircut, either.
It's my birthday!!!!!!!
first , breakfast with the best step dad ever !
Cx
Throwin money in the air like idnt really care
lol yes no doubt bout tht
That was not a charge.
Do you know about Wingate Scholarships?
Harold Hyam Wingate Fndn.
Might be worth looking in to.
KITSUNÃ‰ YOU ARE A GENIUS.
ya i lost respect on chiru the day he merged his party in Congress.
Im glad Pawan Kalyan is not in politics now
No mocking from me.
I step away from Twitter, particularly, for days/weeks at a time.
Keeps it fresh and interesting for me.
Someone lend me their boat for a few days.
can't believe he would call out Karl like that!
Damnit!!
lol
I hope she's not talking about him....
I've been everywhere and nowhere, lol jk.
Schoolwork.
I deactivated my facebook so I've lost touch with a bunch of people.
You?
Ever wanted to tweet a bunch of guy who pitched scenarios?
guy who pitched guy who pitched tweetoff.
Thanks!
I'm an SEO Analyst.
I hate irresponsible people .
I wonder if they have Prisoner Cell Block H a British show with Queen Bea
Wow.
The are just a stupid, stupid, stupid baseball team.
It's embarrassing to watch.
Looking at switching to a credit union, anyone in the Bay Area have any suggestions for a good one to look at?
love that...
have had it at the top of favs for awhile D
ImWeakFor A green eyed, brown/dark haired boy, AKA Nick : 3
Having a rad time; people over her are crazy...
Just like I like  RT Having fun on Empire State set?
:
Just doctornk a Rochefort 10 and getting ready for a St.
Bernardus Abt 12.
If I am still awake I'll doctornk a Westy just to compare
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FollowFriday Have a super day!
Out on a run today, saw a horseback rider turning it loose on the eastern sands of Standley Lake.
Impressive.
I don't know if you noticed but I'm not putting smiley faces in my tweets or any faces so what does that explain.
I don't know what to feel.
jealous!!!!
Let iz no if its good x
What songs are on your running playlist?
Just saw some sort of pheasants
Hence thinking in the blues and greens families..
ohk cool, dont mind the captainons about rihanna i was bored lol
1 scoop Wed is back!
You are delicious Maroon Bells!
at the crib feel like shit bout to take it down
Who's your favorite comedian?
good night tweeties...
live a little...
ima swim threw it if the water aint deep
You and your stats...Geez.
Follow our girl and tune in may 16 as she does her radio interview from vegas!
Hm...we don't know.
Half a bottle left and have leftover champagne so we will have to think about it.
Good problem tho.
What the fuck is Loiter Squad?
Welcome, David, doctorw, Sen, Nick and Monika!
:
I feel you.
Skate later?
idk what do ya do
i don't understand how the indian ocean is always the right temperature.
aww thanks buddy, my wallpaper has been a Delorean for the last day or so, thought of you!
Respect is love in plain clothes.
Frankie Byrne
doctornking with MYATT
I dont do covers guys working on my own original music
help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht.
last seen on water street saturday night.
Louisville game AYYOOOO!!!
way to commit to your punishment Q!
You were really digging 4 gold.
Hysterical!!
working on a motion to dismiss this morning.
It makes me unaccountably happy that Jose Canseco's ghost has it's own twitter account, ESPECIALLY because he's not even dead.
low goal tomorrow?
Sophomore year was the worst year of my entire life
We'd like to thank our loyal followers  travelers THANK YOU for booking travel in Outlook, web, desktop  iphone with us!
Make the gameplay tight and good.
Quit worrying about getting new customers with new crap.
You will lose your loyal customers.
American Reunion with  !
Watch that movie if you get a chance, I Rawfulled so much!
I just definitively proved Tom Hanks looks like head of Cauliflower.
Only have time for abs OR cardio?
Try doing Mountain Climbers at variable speeds, from slow to as fast as possible.
I think I am destined to forever be confused by 1 Samuel 28...
I wonder what orifice iPod headphones were designed for.
Certainly not the ears.
I'm crying during this Revenge episode.
A lot.
:
We're here now!
hidden valley ranch and sriracha are all you need.
Thanks!
It is the moistest chocolate cake because of the zucchini.
That just really pissed me off!
anyone who knows me would instantly know if I come to them with a problem it shan't be simple
Yayyy you made it!
Have so much fun and avoid all the youknowwhats we discussed...
Is there Hooters in Manhattan?
Got more than i bargained for watching doctorve.
but ryan gosling never disappoints.
FF love, one of my fav brunch spots in nyc
thats why you eat ice cream and take a nap :O
we can start low and bump it when it fills!
aw;D THANK YOU
aren't u on vacation??
Put ur mind at ease and chill.
Enjoy paradise.
Is there enough REAL Americans left to save the republic?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
: She prolly thought that was very funny too smhI'm weak that nigga a aviator he good
I hear good things about C25k
Thnk God for Danville, IN, and every other place STILL like it in America.
Just went 2a live Nativity scene at the UMC  twn Sqr all lit up
Just found a baby bird that fell out of a nest and died.
I have no stomach for this  I think I'm going to be sick.
I won't tell if you don't :D
Happy Spring!
Who's headed to Rita's Italian Ice for their free ice today!?
omfq my head hurts!
m, very
your fans TurnToYou for AMAZING music , and you just gave them more of it 3333343
Eff' Justin !
My phone was supposed to have an incoming call from YOU hours ago !
primo couch snag at lau.
hoodie.
chucks.
coffee.
ready to buckle down.
At a play supporting my best friend...
If you follow , is a mustfollow RT Had a great time at spop12 .
Nice folks and lots more to cover.
All of a sudden, my vision became so clear.
Everything I needed was right here, Before me
I think I misread, I apologize.
Yes, I would likely take that deal
The Goo Goo Dolls 3

, thanks for following.
thank you!!
please?
Suppose to be 80 tomorrow...
ionlycanwish will ever notice me!:
I'm ready to push it.
That tracks got fire with it
Where are ya moving to?
That was a nasty pass tho
love you guys!!!
xo
awesome!!
Thanks RCB!!
cuddles with you
I find Steven Tyler cute, in a weird way.
Work is finally done.
Time to do Vegas 
hey tay u better follow me back bro
come to magic kingdom with and I tomorrow!
Hey, I love your band!
I actually knew a guy names Lou Stools  no joke
TAKE THAT BACK.
Doors back on the jeep.
Sad day.
that hash tag can be interpreted as something else!
I read it incorrectly the first time.
;
that was legitlyy the BEST ustream ever i love ur shizz dance pretty sexii,I also love the video of youAlex.Love you guys!
3
it's called Heavy Times email me your addoctorss I'll send you a copy
if your spirit don't convict you neither do i.
Stay Blessed my brother
I did!
I told Tom's group I should have taken a picture for Dane : Think it was an 8525
Anyways , Congrats New York Mahomies ..
Ally
Does this mean I'm a senior now?

the best!!
RockbabytvFamily mademyday xo!!
:o
NFL Training Camps are starting up...Jets need to get Revis to a longterm contract!
Who has the best connection for laptops/internet and the wireless wifi to enable laptop to go with you
Thank all my followers for following me
Where My Birthday Present ?
But it's not that simple no, sometimes we feel just like machines.
Yes.
We need to use wine cozies next time we hang out and doctornk wine :
BB on the call on FOX!
Yay!
Getting into the holiday spirit by watching Miracle on 34th St.
Forgot what a great movie that is!
Any Exercise May Cut Alzheimer's Risk at Any Age
You didn't get the point
Okay my feet hurt.
I vow to NO more shopping for a week until my time for the R5westcoasttour!
:D
I died
Awesome.
I actually talk a lot more sports on Twitter so we will get along great here :
Did pop call that time out?
Sneaky fucker
paparazzi taking pictures, we famous
So summers almost here and my school gave me summer school yay!...
not!
Plus i only get 1month and a half of vacations fml.
Excellent!!
We definitely have some exciting things in store  can't wait to be there!!!
it was an honor filling in for bro.
We killed it!
Thoughts on SF, ?
How does Google fare?
Straight shooter has yet to be proven, but I believe the rest of it.
love the hair
What a day!
You thought there was only one Todd?
We're multifaceted personalitiesI don't even happen to be into feet, I'm mad for elbows.
The pawnshop is a struggling musicians best friend!
:
that is if my mom will let me out...
grandma, why do you serve us the food you wont eat?
Catherine, a cafeteria worker at CPS
a friend just recommended your book.
Looking forward to reading it.
Justin Bieber blowing out the speakers in the car Lol
I'm confused.
Why are acting like cowboys??hahah
are you spinning this Thursday at BB?
Hey Ben, thanks for the follow got some friends in Lexington, great place.
you could also you that was developed here in CLT
Do I need anymore stress in my life?
I'm on the urge to just destroy everything here.
Happy Valentines Day!!!
too all m tweeter lets get a move on..
visit and register at www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com see updates on a daily basis.
lets get a move on
In movies, when people go underwater, I like to hold my breath and see if I would survive in that situation.
I'll bring the George Foreman grill, and you can bring the chill because you are the coolest BRadizzle!
: The prodigal son story captainres perfectly the outrageousness of grace.
Who fixes a PROBLEM, with a PARTY?
Our God does.
Had a awesome time with the guys today :p can't believe the summer is almost over :
Hi.
I love you.
I miss you.
Okay Bye.
3
It's ridiculous to wait 2 hours for a doctor appt.
Doctors cancel and charge you for being 15 mins late, but you are expected to wait hrs!
hello?!
Happy christmas eve Sam!
we decided on the light finest  plz confirm
Dodger Dee Gordon can fly
if you haven't seen Mic Macs you should rent it.
Same director as Amelie.
I'm getting meanmugged by a fan in sec 113 for cheering defense.
Welcome to Indiana basketball.
Vita Foods wishes everyone a safe, relaxing and FUN Memorial Day weekend.
Don't forget to grill it up this holiday!
Ah!
The sexy , is now following me!
happytweet :
If 1st u dnt succeed dust yoself off in try it again.....
thanks for the follow brother Greg!
Hey Chicago!
Check out our new mobile deal  www.Kupoz.com  unlock by sharing on FB or Twitter and get free chocolate cake and a badge!
i loved GOT i haven't read the others yet but i have them for my NOOK..
if you want i can send them to ya..
he's the MVP it still wades team did you see him spazz on coach spoelstra lol?
Finally!
I just received my holidayvoxbox from I can't wait to open it up and check out all the products.
Just saw some jerks doctorg a trashcan and a bench into the street, and some nice folks cleaning up their mess
I used to cover everything in class, and students didn't learn anything.
Very well said.
your indians are looking good so far you must be proud you think they will win the division
Check my interview tonight at 6pm on ABC Action News!
I enjoyed it : it was hilarious!
: fine art sponsor  thank you for the helmets!
AutoClam promotion, halfsheet foil stamper and die cutter for roughly the price of a 14x22  see it at Odyssey in May!
diecut,
Fire alarms are STILL blaring!
Maybe we'll meet some hot firemen at the pub?
Last minute flower shopping FTW!
cc
I just got the ok from the boss.
Want to car pool?
lol miss u too ..
i txted u the other day
Awesome!
All good fun.
Not really looking forward to starting both sides of the ball this week.
i hope your enjoying JAPAN!!but we miss u in AMERICA!!
come back soon JB;
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME FRIEND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO HER!!;
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam.
33 xoxox Follow me
ok so that is weird.
I'm assuming the airport is not a great place to eat.
yah, it still says failed to connect
indeed.
Went with Parmesan mashed new potatoes and fresh sautÃ©ed asparagus.
Lemon on top.
I'll throw up a pic in a sec.
I will see you there or I will see you at a different time.
That was pretty funny.
The way he rattled off those names was crazy!
We're bringing back backwards messages so when you hear the next Mill's End single don't be surprised if you have an urge to eat bacon.
You are awesome.
Just purchased the album to use next year.
You are right  titles are not protected.
Maybe different laws outside of the US?
I just think it's ironic...
What's Yams/Jams?
Hey ...so me in Raleigh is NOT a good match.
I just got called a Nigger Lover...
Gotta love the south.
Do you contribute or run your companys blog?
How do you keep your post ideas fresh and current?
Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it.
that's what I've done in those situations actually...
watching footloose makes me want to learn how to dance....specifically country line dancing
I don't know if I'm helping train the Siri servers or vice versa.
But I swear we're communicating better with one another.
You can throw out the records when the Jazz and Hawks get together.
This calm steadiness of the senses is called yoga.
Then one should become watchful, becomes yoga comes and go.
Barack Obama It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur
You must be in SoCal, too.
Thanks for the RT.
Wow  appreciate the cause marketing tweet, thanks!
Hope to see you in Chicago soon my friend!
Madness at Bobby Rockets...
MADNESS !!!
Beliebers And Directioners Are flawless...
Well, obviously...
I'm working on researching a cold case from my hometown since I was a kid.
Working elements into my story with a wild twist
im in the middle of two girls, threesome?
How Much Do I Really Mean To You?.
I need a leopard print shoE asap
You have cute feet!
Lol
oh  I forgot too tell you , you  zach are the C U T E S T couple 3 ..
YinsAreGettingMarried 3.
x: if the summer will be as hot as the previous one, the most pressing will be rolled up, Hi, I have an air conditioner
RT : What's up with ppl congratulating jay  b like they know them meanwhile they don't call there family members when they give birth
surgery for what?
Damn, damn.
come keep me company at bucks and bring food.
I'm concerned about your safety at home
Guitarist Felix Rodoctorguez serenades w songs of Spain  Venezuela.
Beautiful last night W
some people will NEVER appreciate shit .
ehh your character , not mine ;
Clean your room!
What a moment for scott feldman
He just came to my house.omg
thanks for the invite.
Can't make it tonight.
Keep me in mind for the next one.
thank you for sharing.
i have only recently started receiving royalty checks again too for my books.
sigh.
Im so down.
Should our costumes be the outfits from the set?
Good morning SE Portland and environs  the coffee and tea are ready  Greg hung a really big RC plane from the beams  looks great!
If we are to look out for one another, then how come the world is full of users.
I need something I can hold on to give me something real.
No, it only works one way.
Dem Presidents can always blame GOP.
GOP Presidents can NEVER blame Dems.
Anybody interested in having a Scrabble tournament?
With doctornking rules of course.
Sounds mysterious.
Best of luck.
aw ok ttyl night sleep well33
happy birthday!!!
:
Ran 8 miles, worked in yard, grilling steak now...
My kind of Sunday.
I wish I had somebody to talk to right now
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam :
This project is POOR.
Going to SA Business Journal's Best in Commercial Real Estate luncheon today to hear script I wrote for the program.
Tnx for invite, SABJ.
Can you take me back where I came from?
snooping only gets your feelings hurt...
but it aint snooping when your on my damn timeline wit your bullshit...
: Devils score with 2:39 left in OT to win 43.
// Seriously anticlimactic evening.
meh.
Im so excited no fuckin clu3!!
We always strive after what is forbidden, and desire the things refused us.
Ovid
This week 
rte 9 is noisy.
I moved out of a pent house on rte 9 Framingham for that very reason.
With God's, you can take dominion over sickness, depression, lack, worry, disease, fear and over all that works against you in the earth
What you know about the trap game?
It would be more fun if your peeps were with you ;
Thanks for the follow!
Yes.
RT Anne Geddes is like the William Wegman of babies
I heard that a bunch of people were gay, and a bunch were happy.
Or maybe, vice versa.
My TL is very long ...
look at the SF in the context of the PBS doc Slavery by Another Name
great job there!
Perfect presentation.
I just want the baddest bitch right here in my lap.
I'm preganant.
nah I'm good
Why do difficult conversations occur at IEP meetings?
And when I say San Diego I mean me
Yes Jordan, did we not discuss this yesterday?
U prob forgot bc u were so GROUCHY!!
Does anyone know of an application that can play .RAM files that doesn't crash CONSTANTLY like Real Player?
I want the Caps to win...but remember when you actually had to slash a player to get a slashing call?
NHL refs are worthless.
hahahaha.
Sorry!
How ya feeling terminator?
always have been but just getting the hang of being funny in 140 characters.
I'm a bit longwinded most of the time
Lacking motivation 2work out?
Find a fitness buddy.
Instant accountability.
That's it: I'm committing to an alphatest deadline for my VST Instrument.
It won't be perfect, but it will get tested!
I could imagine: Do you have any other sibligs?
I love books to but they take up a lot of room and when you are trying to simplify 1 is simplify than many
Hello, kindoctord spirits!
Thanks for the follow...I love your blog!
I like baby cat, MEOW!!
Wake the fuck up mother fucker, MEOW
Top Freshest Rumors And Facts!
If you want to know everything about celebrities!
Congrats to for bein my 300th follower!
Now he owe me a cold pop!
Officially jealous...smile : RT : Canary Islands, Spain, we have over 350 days of sunshine year, subtropical climate :
Entertainment features include: Childoctorn's Museum's Trash; Guys  Dolls review; Benny Benassi; Casbah coverbands; new Comedy Club opens..
Vegas bound in a week for SEMA can't come any sooner.
Oh and the partying that will be done.
It's going down!!
True.
Twice, actually.
FLO is more mainstream, though.
Delicious is down  blast....
Im pretty sure Ted Nugent's song Cat Scratch Fever was written about the dangers of transmitting Feline Aids.

I don't know who's in charge of that brand but if they selflike another one of their posts I'm going to delete their page.
Playing a private event in Decatur
LMAOOOO haha sound like an old man name xD
I'm like putty in ur hands :
Rain won't keep Whoville from celebrating tonight!
Forecast looks clear tonight, but activities will move indoors in case of rain!
RT if you aint have school today!!!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first person I followed was
Okay short stuff, whatever you say
Please Gods of RookieMag and Tea, save my Thursday night.
sorry about the April Fools gag...
its not the first time we have been inundated with requests to actually do one of them!
anything tat I get to record you playing.
I say he will be at least two hours.
Preprocedure captainin America is freaking my shit.
Sorry we didn't get to chat on Sunday , hopefully we will have the chance soon.
I'm so hungry
...i think you're going to really really enjoy your summer....
im not looser !
Im peachy: haha
Gimme the hot sauce
I  my daughter; I  my boyfriend; I  my family...some ppl just make me laugh...
A blog is personable.
An article is informative.
Know your audience.
Well, it didn't take two hours, but it was INCREDIBLY PAINFUL.
Sheesh.
Thanks.
Arrived at the conference around 3 p.m.
yesterday.
Hope you've had a good conference so far.
: The melting temperature of bubble gum is 125 degrees Fahrenheit.
really?
ThoughtYouShouldKnow that YOU are fearfully and wonderfully made!
we should be jus lmk the details  ill let u kno
My baby cousin was just on stage with Madonna!!!
Proud of you, Jeffrey.
Also a little jealous :.
No  but they were all excellent!
Come and visit!
xoxo C
Say not you know another entirely, till you have divided an inheritance with him
crmyers Shaq says play the raaaaaa defense on Sunday against
6th graders who think their cool but their really not 
awesome weekend relaxing on the cape.
now working on a strong start to this week.
whatdoyoudo when u find ur one true love hates ur guts!?
helpp.?!
:
want to get a tattoo soon but cant figure out which one I want to get.
Maybe Ill just go with the smaller ones for now.
I wish I knew someone I could refer you to in NY, but I'm coming up blank.
Acupuncture would be a helpful reboot for you.
I get pissed when I'm not asked to become the godfather of a newborn..
even if I barely know them..
I want the title damn it!
Check out Lou because he is Awesome!
Got new glasses!
One brown, one purple!
Extremely excited!
Be Ecofriendly,use paper bags
Arenado might be brought up sooner than expected!
download the ap from iTunes
Sometime soon!
Early April probably!
good!
How are you?
You know what goes well with ice cream?
More ice cream
fine shuga wuga lol I went back tues and a whole lotta shit changed :...where r u I seen Ron
Child, I can't make you love me if you don't want to, but I'll be there when you're ready  God
American Idol time with the family !!!
Love me my off day.
Thanks for the Bachata before class last night Hector Leon.
Always a pleasure.
Now you need to teach me..ROTFL
That was JLo's areola, right?
Hm...the Pavilion sounds good for a Friday night!
10 for 10 Happy Hour featuring BudLight  Bacardi!
most welcome!
Btw why are you up?
Lol
Don't worry.
Mine is gonna work on getting yours less awkward.
He promised me.
; WE WILL BREAK YOUR GUYS' AWKWARDNESS
Question of the day: Would u rather be with someone who pretends to love u or some one who loves u with all there heart??
You put up 180, I put up 225.
We're the same weight, yet you say you're stronger?
emailed you yesterday, did you get it?
thought you ran the joint
Derrick Rose now Thierry Henry.
Aw lawd, they come in threes.
Who's next?
Probably...
Ooh , time for chicken.
much more relevant than that whole sell all your possessions bit
Just started rehearsals for the latest production I'm in: Shakespeare's Much Ado About Nothin' It's so much fun, I'm lovin' it!!!
Its nice to know when people still have love you.when it counts the most
Working on some writing projects today.
Which of course means I'm still in my pajamas at 1:30 in the afternoon.
:
Hahaha yeah I know him!
good luck!
I hope you don't fall and accidentally break something
Sister comin home?
oh sweet:
I started the book Marge gave me for my summer reading.
Best start yours too in case she quizzes us.
not a horse.
I lost focus I was clearly goin after a 6ft sumthin chocolate stallion that was everything I doctoramed of but...
Good morning Y'all !
Guess what is holy Thursday I'm having my faith stronger than ever everybody enjoy your day
follow me and upon opening experience great espresso
The blog is going up this weekend 
Mustachioed Bradley Cooper?
Say it ain't so, Bradley.
Say it ain't so.
To All of our Brass Monkey Family Graduating or Ending their classes for summer break, Congrats!
SchoolsOutForSummer!
Last ever community jam at starerose on Alberta.
'I want to thank you for lettin' me be myself  again.'
Check out Milwaukee's Annual Diversity Employment Day Career Fair Friday May 20, 11am3pm at the Milwaukee County War Memorial Center
Sox lose again and get swept by the orioles!
Nice 1116.
Bobby Valentine is the best coach!
Thank You for being the reason why my heart is so broken, thanks for me never trusting a man, even though they could be good to me
Ray Ray I Love You Teehee 3
strong into/hook and solid presentation.
Great use of known comparables.
is officially the coolest white girl in existence.
Lmao 
yes.
I am really excited to move forward!
Hosting business summit for 250 Students/Entrepreneurs on campus Apr 4.
Hav press passes avail.
Would u be interested?
Thx!
New Gant Garrard housemusic EP coming in May on It will be available on It's FIRE!!
OMS!
On my soul!
Beginning to be alarmed at everything that has to be done before the AAASMeeting.
How did it get so close?
Looking forward to it, even so.
RT : Shout out too for giving me a green band aid :
We want to see ALL of you at Rage For Recovery!
Please get there on Saturday!
sweet!
mine is salmon :D
dealing with these pest, came back home finally tto a big nasty surprise :
Muther.
Fr.
Quit turning it over
I know we still have the crew;
When someone texts you and than doesnt text back  its annoying.
MT :  at the ballgame.
because this is america.
At Lucky Strikes with the OFA crew.
well done Ollie.
How did you pull that off????
Who went to the Atlanta International Auto Show?
What was your favorite car?
This time next week we will be gearing up for our first ever show This process actually involves gears.
Come out and see us!
Starting another class tomorrow and forgot to buy the text, oops
you're doing the intern program too?
Happy Anniversary, scriptchat!
pandora is amazing at the moment.
LOL Sara, I was JUST gonna tweet this!
: GREAT MINDS THINK ALIKE ; Kayla
Moore or the kid from Southern Mizzou.
Austin Davis.
How and Why to Use Mobile Marketing to Reach Your BtoB Customers  Network Solutions Small Business Resources  Mozilla Firefox...
omg i have those raisins3 me nd u eat the same raisins333333
made me feel bad...skipped the cookies thoughts...eating a piece of watermelon from the fridge.
:
Today we will follow anyone who tweets about us telling people to check us out!
:
Dollars For Junk Cars has been known to be the 1 leading company here in Atlanta, GA for fast, prompt, friendly and dependable company...
Good morning Folk Family!
Day 3 here at FAI12 and we've got a ton of workshops going on through the afternoon!
I just found the rules on how to play true american!
Who wants to play!?
I am located right here in Sun Prairie!!
Give me a call so I can help you design a beautiful and tasty treat!!
alamw12 ?
For : can I sync my ALA Connect schedule on the alamw app?
Would be helpful!
I couldn't stay all day cuz my test is sun.
Maybe i come for lunch?
Laugh often, long and loud.
Laugh until you gasp for breath.
that's what my little puppy does to lol
Today is the first day of the rest of this mess.

An idle mind is the devil's workshop..preacher just taught this last Sunday ...amen
: What is the cure for postvacation depression?
I need it, asap.
backtothegrind How's the grind?
.gonna get paid tomorrow ;
so sad concerts wont be held in City Market anymore.
:
I Godda White Girlfriend She Got No Cheeks
I've been great!
Are you still having fun in your role?
Congratulations Maria!
Tchani was actually playing out of his mind tonight before the great stupidity.
Damn...this is criminal to have this much talent on a college team.
AND they play for 1 another.
ustreamquestion its lil Deliliahs bday she is 2!
u met her in Salina!
will u sing Hey There Deliliah  tell her happy bday PLEASE?
I know.
It's weird.
I was forcefed baked potatoes way too much as a kid.
They're a waste of space in my stomach.
Make EVERY day a giving of Thanks!
ThanksGiving!
No Steals and Deals today?
Daily GTKY question: Who is your favorite president of all time?
where is that
; make me one
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life.
Jean Paul
Recorded a really great show with Muck Sticky tonight!
Check him out and tune in for his webcasts!
www.mucksticky.com
RT : In pursuit of spicy food outside of my house DC HELP!
That's that shit I don't Like
gets shout out on Oscar telecast  Miami, pay attention!
Snow Patrol will take the stage at 9pm Bogart's.
RT : Citing Boston Globe as example of responsive web design.
People want content with ability to exchange it freely.
I'm not going to follow Eva Longoria until she follows me.
Sometimes you just gotta be a man, and put your foot down.
HEY THERE..
THANKS FOR CHATTING!!!
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change, except the direction I'm walking in.
Finna Get My Day Started
Couldn't download the last two podcasts to my iPhone.
Downloading other podcasts fine
Last day of West Coast Vacation!
Heading to NYC tomorrow  ready to hire lots of extras
My phones in 88 already?!?
Wtf
To clarify.
Despite invites, the archaic Academy never ONCE came to see my improv group Orpheus Roy perform.
That's why I wasn't nominated.
Back from Utah :
corned beer?
Sounds interesting.
she said you flirt wit too many people..
And you friends wit her ex I guess but thats between us she is feelin you bro
I'll look forward to reading/sharing it.
I'm a socialmedia evangelist at my new CRE firm, so there is hope!
I think I need to make it down to sxsw next year.
Haha uve gotta read the book Zitface by Emily Howse.
Too funny!!!!!!!
Retweet this, if you retweet this.
uh huh whatever you say :p
Who is ready for a new FGC song???
t seems to me that Gingr can't get pompous now!
How many suffered under Fannie/Freddie?
Same here girl.
Twice by my bf and cousin.
Hope things get better for ya
Hi, please verify my account.
Thank you.
sounds like girls night, plus Duy...again.
Lol!
Can you give us a time, direction, location and route or bus number if possible?
Thank you.
RT : Do cats see in color?
They see mostly in shades of gray with some blue.
A broad stroke but, I think it does apply with Obama.
As far Reagan goes, that may be 1 area he didn't tackle, W did though.
Pride is here  we are one of the proud hotel sponsors.
Call us  2964852 to book the Pride rate  rate includes shuttling to/from Expo NM.
can it be sent or am i gonna have to stop by soetime
Only two types of Chicks go thru cell phones, insecure chicks  chicks with bad pussy
was in my doctorams last night...and let's just say we weren't just sittin around chillin ;
I got 99 problems, and yes currently you are one of them.
Please call us regarding your order from Sushi Rock.
2162291600
Current weather  WDW 55F  Wind: 6 mph N Humidity: 54 HIGH 70 LOW 60 Nice day for a light jacket!
Honestly I'm that guy who would probably take a girl to a baseball or basketball game on a first date because its different
It's open to the public, I'll post the link, don't remember the cost
Tummy pocket.
aight, lemme know if it's sum on mine u think should be different, I accept criticism haha
nah.
Scorsese has created a beautiful salute to pioneers of the cinema, as only he can.
He makes a cameo...look for him!
Beautful

Diggy Suck Dick
If Penn Field wasn't swallowed whole by Austin traffic daily, it would probably be a nice place to office.
When Faith lays hold, impossibilities must yield.
Game is at 6:15pm tonight if you can make it?
Will be short players next week too, same time!
Let me know!
About to go to bed so tired hope I sleep well!!!???
Eventually this century will be the past century, right?
RT : thanx for being so fab U inspired all.
I know ure EXHAUSTED!
But like u said, we can sleep when we're dead
sunshine, daisies, butter mellow; turn this stupid fat rat yellow!
feeling very magical today
Live Your Life
Anybody need a computer?
Selling this one fairly cheap, only gets 100 websites.
: My memory foam bed, rolling rock, McAlisters mac  cheese, and The Office.
GetOnMyLevel way to make me cry janke...
Randolph/wabash el stop stairwell roof covered in pigeons, claws making weird scraping noises scrabbling for purchase on slanted plastic
river victims?
Is this a common occurrence?
Hustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share!
www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz : lets blues out
Great way to end the weekend besides my screen getting shattered at vinyl lol no place like DENVER:
her what's up how are u
39 point first quarter for the Spurs against Golden State's DLeague team.
: Rudeness is a weak mans's imitation of strength.
Sounds like Chris Christie.
Do you know you're sending DM spam.
Go to your applications, delete the bad one, change PW.
I'm On twitter at school.
I'm such a rebel!
Reppin for my fam until I'm dead, man
What happens to a woman39;s libido after menopause?
WhatIFindAttractive YOU!!
:D
Tonight I realize you mean alot to me and i don't wanna lose you 

that's why people with eating disorders think the way that they do.
This really needs to change.
you have a nice rack ;
I made my dad buy me the 1D cd but i already have it.
This is not happening
your making me smile :
Thanks for the follows and !
I'll show you tomorrow
Thanks for the follow  the shout out!
I'm so proud of U, and U did RB and it was amazing.
To hear your voice loud and clea WOW.
At a big company the bureaucracy will always exist, but for me the motivation is to help ecommerce entrepreneurs, small firms
I spent a min thinking of ancient dead professorssions for a sort of Roman feel, and came up with Depilator.
Ew.
Automatic Home standby generators starting at  99.00 Call now 317.24POWER
Great alumni meet n greet last night LSU Foundation at W hotel Chancellor Martin n many LSUtigers visit L.A.
If Prince William and Kate Middleton ordered their wedding cake from Just Desserts, what kind of cake do you think they would order?
Lakers are making Denver look stupid
I watched both...tonight is much better!
Trust
Mother's Day Giveaway!
Fill in the blank: My mom deserves a FUMI Bracelet PurseHook because .
Students do have a greater access to knowledge.
Teachers need to learn how to adapt to this environment.
You've got a time machine, I've got a gun, what the hell  let's kill Hitler.
I know it's expected to hate on Diablo Cody, but I really dug Young Adult.
whats your favorite color mine is purple love somebody to love video :
Well, if you have to fight off the squirrels for a good meal...
wheretheboysat is dope!!new favorite song!!
If like the taste of charred smokey burned up wood, instead of finding a burned out house to nibble on doctornk Scotch from Islay yuk
i wanted to go tubing!
TheSandlot movie is getting tons of play in my house these last few days.
Great kids / sports movie
So I think I found my true love..
It seems like we may be together forever lol he's the sweetest guy out there C: I love him So much!
;P
Underground Tonight  8:07pm Come and hear Al Martin Bring da word over 1st and 2nd Corinthians!!
Wesley Foundation Tonight.
Place to be
great seeing you!
wish you could have stayed for closing party!
Your rhyme is too funny .
I'm tough, but that Jackie Paper leaving Puff business does me in every time.
Hey Ladies..
Just because you slept with 3 different Men this year don't make you a Hoe....
Well Yes it does, nevermind!
haha we can do it together ;
I can still remember the first time I read the words, Always try to wear white to the face.
ok if you were pulling for oregon that's fine but we did nothing and that's the disappointment i feel.
no energy.
van...e mail for michael bamberger and for you.
BTW I'm at 1,433 and counting.
I love reading you.
Jon Timmons is in charge of tweets now.
:
Is it just me, or does this day feel longer than usual?
Yeah!
I'll take it.
It's gonna be hot...
so wat did you do for ur bday
Slowest moment of my life I'm ashamed of myself omg.
my pit bull is so afraid of the thunder  why do people think these are ferocious animals?
Eddies day off
I have become slightly obsessed with watching the hashtag MadeWithPaper.
Amazing art being created!
I'm gonna write another chapter to The Way I Loved You!!
i hope your love is as much as Channig Tatum in the vow
The one time I'm starving to death, Subway decides to give me a bowl of cheddar water soup instead of broccoli and cheddar soup, pissssssed
there are
absolutely!
Cool that we are all trying something different
Hi mahomies.
I know you tweet 24/7.
This phone is gonna blow up with mentions  dms; but keep it up, he like's them:
Can't wait for FunnelCake, deepfried butter  !
They're all at this yrs  Win tix at 7:30 w/
FF Stylist specializing in haircuts, braids, weaves, color, facials  waxing services for men, women  childoctorn.
Another overcast day in LA about 10 hrs from tipoff Nuggets lakers NBA playoffs with can the Nuggets steal one?
you can't let go and you can't hold on
All conditioned things are impermanent.
Work out your own salvation with diligence....The Buddha's last words.
RT IF YOU JUST UNFOLLOWED A SUPER OBNOXIOUS TWITTER ACCOUNT ASSOCIATED WITH A WEBSITE YOU ALSO WRITE FOR.
I agree on all points.
For many people, what's loudest and most visible in appearancereality, and it's a problem b/c
People expect you to go out your way for them and they still want to treat you like shit.
35W, Crosstown, Lyndale.
Closed.
Homes, Cub Foods, A pre shook evacuated.
Turn on FOX 9 News
UC cyber insurance covers damages and expenses caused by privacy, confidentiality, or security breach URMIA11
ThingsIwantTheMost meet again :
My favorite part of the Fab5 documentary on ESPN is DUKE beatin down Michigan to win the National Championship!
HAHA
well nobody can't cause every time lakers lose haters talk every time heat lose lakers talk
Judge the final score
I have a confession and I'm only 25 ready to tell
I've never tried that, but it's probably a very good idea.
:
We have looked good on defense but lack real attacking power.
Moreno played in the last game.
He is still recovering
Sounds like a beautiful combination!
last night was amazing, yay tonic!
Yay daredevil Christopher Wright!
Yay Caroline smith!
Yay life!
Wow i need to study !!!
RT WWDDD?
i asked him about you and he didnt know i was talking about
Late tweet.
Smoked Garlic Sausage today!
I hopped on your shxt and they said weezy you healed it
How do you take a prototype to the world?
Wiederholder: representational power of lament is indisputable; how to judge lamentations that deserve public scrutiny?
i try to be..
lol...
but if u come at me stupid...
then im not nice no more...
lolz...
:
lmao , ion think he here .
Caspers on abc family : 
The reason i dont ask anymore is because im tired of you lying to me not because i forgot!
Hope you had fun in Sin City and are enjoying staying connected with our mifi!!
Twitter is so much better mobile
it seems that everyone is so great and should run for President!
Such BS!
Linkedin who needs it 
RT if you have been watching jersey shore all day like me :D
what are you talking about??
Why, they did absolutely nothing.
Their answer to my question was I don't know.

hahahaha...
I kind of like Three Religion.
Thought it was beans picked by Buddhist monks, Catholic nuns and Jewish Rabbis...
Best doctorss so far?
Stacy Keebler.
when will the next box be released?
fuck....y my hormones going off the roof its out today or over the weeken we r dooin it
Nfb SHOUTOUT to my new follower
Kid book: my dad read Animal Farm to me as a boy like it was a fairy tale.
Stuck with me...
Brewers are killin' me.
A centerpiece of 1 of the greatest runs in baseball history  14 straight div titles.
Old guard leaving ATL : Chipper.
Respect.
Haha We'll be too tired to stand in line for Gabi!
room service it is
You can find out more about a man by listening to his comversation than by looking at a house he has built.
C.
S.
Lewis
: Yes, one of the reasons we are opening our place tomorrow!

Thanks for sharing our great lunch deal!
I just finished a 4.36 mi run with a time of 59:51 with Nike GPS.
I just got back from my firsttime trip to Vancouver.
I LOVE it there.
stay high as a skyscrapper blown loud
Yo mama so fat that when she saw a big yellow bus she said get that TWINKY!!!
LOL :
the minimalist!
That's the one.
Happy Mothers Day to all my Mommies out there..may God RICHLY BLESS YOUs.
blessings G.
One acre of hemp will produce as much paper as four acres of trees
: I feel the same way every time the COA changes a name of a street...
I still refer to Ashby St., Simpson Rd.
Bankhead Hwy.
Aww, thanks!
RT IO TRIUMPHE!!
Gotta let out a good Oxy alum yell in honor of Occidental's 125th Birthday!
:
Holy fuck, Britney looked so beautiful today I can't deal.
I love my team, Everyone played very well today and we got a great result and also special shout out to I love yal
good game today
Right on!
FaceBook is a mess.
I got a mental hernia trying to figure out all the new apps.
This certainly made my weekend a lot better!
THANK ALL OF YOU!!!
Thanks for letting us help 'stache out your fleet!
We had a blast with this project!
The coke bit was an uncorroborated rumor I read on gawker earlier today.
Not sure if it's been substantiated or not.
I go n get it then I let her count it for me..
no bottle requirement only 50 table minimum ...
Email to reserve!
Don't keep asking me the same shit !
Morning all!
Must need a break..
Woke up  thought today was Monday!
Lol
I used to be mad that I didnt know how to check people, but I now realize that I'm not the type to analyze another person's flaws.
Honey's leaving tonight for 2 weeks, so I guess you'll be hearing from me more often.
Work's tough.
Knocking on doors is a crock.
Feetbad
congrats Britt!
You should definitely take your bridal planning on the road for in Beverly Hills on April 1st.
: U know its st pattys when ur moms wearing a doctornking sleeve  your aunts are all wearing jig dancing hair
Just received Jean Anderson's new cookbook, Falling Off The Bone.
We are thrilled to be planning our first domestic program at the Edgewood school in San Francisco!
Stay tuned for ways to help!
How did I only recently learn of Leonard Cohen?!
Telephone  Lady gaga
you got hoodwinked!
Is on point tonight :
internet has been very slow
Oh, that's no good.
I hope you're not feeling too terrible today!
Amazing how the idea of the food is always so much better...
:
Jamaals a liar.
So many cute guys in trucks today ..
Not complaining one bit.
Been a while for a note from us..
Need to step our game up lol
ight take care of yourself!
Keep your head up for me:
11/18 THURSDAY!
Channing and Quinn w/ Glass Clovers, Michael Rider!
DOORS  7PM!
www.thecanalclub.com for tickets
i know i dont stay on here like i do my FB lol
Yes, indeed.
The Sept.
24th gig is at Wolf Trap, if I'm not mistaken, in Vienna Va.!
Oct.
2, downtown Fred.
Va!
www.3sgiants.com!
West Va.
gig, cancelled
Hahaa thanks buddy.
hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today.
How are you?
:
Nclr: since when is it suspect to speak another language
Went  seen CabinByTheWoods 
something by the fray, Coldplay...
something on the piano
Still pissed I never got to have Christmas cookies.
Even though I spend hours making them.
What the FUCK!
I fall way too fast.
That's my problem.
Use sparklers instead of candles on your mate's next birthday cake.
now he's a hillbilly
97 of teenagers have consumed alcohol, smoked, or have had sex............
Retweet if you like luchables ;D
low key...that beat was fire bro
yeah he is, he's like the dude in the big lebowski.
I'm counting on it.
like crazy.
cutest movie ever.
Stop tweet watching so i know its real
lucky you im still in indy tryna make a dollar outta 15 cents smh
hope everything feels better once you are home.
Dallas Hall of State March 2225.
Details going up on our website very soon.
If goes well, store is possible at some point
Understand your audience and your brand.
You can't have a voice if you don't know who you are
If your a Dexter fan, you just 20000000000000000 points in my book.
My Dexter knowledge is point!
Ready to see you boys on the West Coast; PackerNation will be in full force at Qualcomm!
Perfect use of IGs RT And the LITA/ALCTS Library Code Year Interest Group is officially approved by both ALA divisions!!
YAY!!
You can choose to swim in your sorrows or choose to NOT blame the universe and take life by the reins.
No matter the bad theres ALWAYS good
can't wait too get home  charge my phone so i can talk to oomf !
SongsYouHaveToDanceTo YOU KNOW YOU MAKE ME WANNA SHOUT!
NEW ROality video coming up in about 30 minutes!
MAKE SURE you tune in!
ATL Make Your Mark!
Thanks so much for the compliment on my work!
Appreciate the follow back, too.
Hopefully this works, I need my bestfriend back.
Final week to sign the Calif.
Ballot Initiative petition to label GMO FOOD
Another one of my favorites.
Hope you like it!
Will you study abroad in North Korea with me ??
I promise I won't duct tape you and leave you somewhere
Stuck listening to a band from fordona ?
Where us Fordona ???
Aptiv Solutions Announces the Launch of ADDPLAN 6.0 PE Adaptive Design amp; Simulation Software for Population ...
Broadoctorpple visiting family.
u know I been hitting u up on Ur yahoo messenger for a hot minute
Off to the Seattle Bike Expo!
come check out the bicycles west booth!
Just a few people away from the magic 2,000 followers benchmark.
What happens then?
UNLIMITED TWITTER POWERS!
indeed  closed out the place, got more bonuses than just 4sq points :
Forget girls and fiftyshadesofgrey  when is THE NEXT SEASON SHERLOCK HOLMES COMMENCING, ?
yeah inbox me your number real quick
thanks for the RT boss
On the subject of names
I hate sirens, I really do.
Happy Burger Wednesday!!!
FunnyShit Gay  It's My Designer's Genes!
Watching Water for Elephants.
Hope it's good!!
Id be the last to say that my writing is worthy of accolades of any kind but I feel at my best doing it I feel free doing it...
Thanks for the shout out!
Really like the work you guys do.
Happy to meet up too.
Is it just me or does Tweeting act as an unintentionally stress release?
Therapy in 140 characters or less ;
I watched Freakonomics.
The Can You Bribe A 9th Grader To Succeed!
part saddens me.
I remember when it was just about the gold stars.
Thought I couldn't love more than I already did!
Guess I was wrong
BZRT The company feels that the months to come will bring record progress, with building revenues toward a winwin for the company
i will!
Presenting at Missouri Library Assoc conference KCI expo center.
These eyes won't cry
i got a new curler :D hahahah
ugh.
I wish I was going
awe, you're so sweet.
She will really appreciate all that you're writing for her one day.
Lol it was but u could have came n said Hey or sum..Lol but it cool
My Imperfections is making me for who I am and what it makes Me..
GM
RT : Many of life's failures are people who did not realise how close they were to success when they gave up.
Edison
Hate being my familys beer bitch....
then if they included Kanye too, sis daya can knight him with the KSwag title hahaha lol :
Congratulations to Josh Hamilton on an incredible 4 HR game
you can't plow 40 acres with your mule until you take the wrecking ball to your investment in a few square feet of padded cell.
Put on my workout clothes then laid in bed.
Motivation 0.
Hibernation 1.
yo wat it is for tonight
She said she noticed that when I like people I REALLY like them i'm like ikr ..
lol
just found out the pool/hottub at the condo we rented in vegas closes at midnight
They film at two bars.
Fang and Alex's.
We are at Alex's.
I think my ear doctorms are going to explode.
I don't like True Blood.
And now is entertaining the SILtweetup group by chopping a telephone book into little pieces w/ guillotine
has new and beautiful products at hdexpo.the summer is here, take advantage and find awesome products at their booth
I keep it 100!
stopsayingthat when all you do is tell lies
That's that bullshit.
Tomorrow for Free Comic Book Day we'll be having a 25 off almost everything in the store sale along with local artists doing sketches.
next time I'll will go
Has there been a tornado spotted?
Tornado warnings r reserved for when real tornados are spotted, a tornado watch is when conditions exist.
Chris Slobogin: Jones concurrences asked about prolonged tracking.
So until the constable would have otherwise gone home to eat?
is that color gonna be released?
We would love to connect with optometrists in Cleveland on Facebook and Twitter.
Anyone following recommendations?
We are all living in our paradise,The choices we make are going to make our future.
We are only the 11th site in Franklin County to receive this honor!
Go Mansion!
Harry: She is beautiful Zayn: And she has pretty eyes Liam: And a nice smile Niall: And she's sweet Louis: And she's reading this right now
MWP may not score a lot but his defense, size, and presence will change the game.
Country band reminiscent of Bellamy Brothers and easy, Southern sound.
I'm hooked!
Seriously!
Well I'm here!
What are your other two wishes.
: Is Qualls Latin for sucks balls?
Phillies Correct
.
Just wanted to let you know that the Twitter link is broken on your website.
....and you girl are super fly!
Haha
Bosh is out 24 weeks.
What does this mean for Miami?
did a fantastic job on Scandal I was hooked the first 10 minutes.
.
gives a great example of a clear, easy to understand call to action.
not a bit!
: is it wrong that I always cheer for the girl contestant on Jeopardy?
doctornking Coke With A Licorice Straw.
Yupp, Swag.
Awesome!
Thanks for being our fan ;
Wow misterBelding is on
Blech, imma go to sleep now :p hopefully tomorrows a better day.
:/
Thanks!
I grabbed this!
girardi 400th win as yankees manager..congrats
O!
say can you see!
Advocate Patti Meese and the Tremble Clefs are singing the national anthem at tonight's game
hahahaaha did you really??
that night was hysterical!
we just rolled with it and ended up having an amazing time haha 
I agree!
: Lebron needs to sit down with Jordan and have a serious talk!!
I hate when my family is in a bad mood.
I hate it so much.
YouKnowIHateWhen people grind my gears.
A pleasure seeing you all.
Thanks for your hard work.
And the journey continues
dorks just kidding
Both of our teams are playing offensive powerhouses with deep bench.
Rooting for LA but it's going to be tough.
:
cool!
I'll be at J6, too.
I'll keep an eye out for you.
Chad  I sold my Cafe Lautrec back in 2008, still own menu and name : Franc  sixeed
Shits scary wen u all about eating the pussy..Makes me wonder,who an how many pussies yo mouth explored...Makes a girl wana check 4 sores...
ops I replied yep.
Wrong post I replied to.
Which pics were you looking at?
Getting little nervous because off work soon and then to gym for my Y3T leg day
What's the most famous sculpture in the world?
President39;s residence served treif meat on Independence Day?
The ...
Believe Tour Will Be Unbelievable
Great Day to Play Fantasy Football Now.
It's free and you could win 100 Apple Gift Card.
Go to our Facebook page for details.
who would have thunk that there'd be three of you!!!
is such a pussy.
Why don't you go AWOL on
Weekend warriors welcome.
Zito hammered by ChiSox.
Send Zito to SingleA SJ for the remainder of his contract, or until he fades completely away.
GONE
Yeah I'm a little doctornk on you ..
And the strange food I tried this morning was squirrel meatballs!
It was delicious!
recipe please sir!
Thanks for the best wishes.
I'm 'pumped' as 2012 is the year I take my business, The Self Empowered Investor, to the next level.
about 60 agents, but we cater to them more so than affiliates.
If you could be there at 88:15a.I'll be sure to have coffee!!
Best ELUNA ever for seeing good friends.
You guys rock.
shit let's get a studio sessh going I'm serious af
come on Austin!
Lots of amazing mahonies want u to follow me!
:D So do I.
birthdaywish Want some cheesecake btw?
:
what u mean behave..lol
This is me being sadistic and thoughtful
Watch Keane boys...
Yes i did.
as always :
Hurray for the end of the day!
Loving this Seattle sunshine!
: nd imma bring ma ashy azz elbow around the corner ..lol ohh in shaking in my angry birds shirt lmao
Tune in April 21st to see the premier of my client's new show Tacky House on Style Network.
www.kellyedwardsinc.com
Game of Thrones On Demand.
Thanks, Time Warner.
say bro hope your holidays is going great just had a quick inquiry how much do you charge for mixtape/album covers fr and bk
lmao.
I am.
I star and produce my own private flicks.
Ya dig!!!
Lol.
C'mon Alex!
I'm really proud to go to UW, but it is embarrassing when other students feel the need to put down other state schools.
Awesome night with some amazing people!
Whirly word is the most addicting game
Blake shelton is kind of a babe
How nice, my neighbor left me as a reference...for his doctorg dealer
: My bed and breaking bad all day yess!
Breaking Bad is unreal!
Just started season 3
Can someone please ask mother nature what the FUCK SHE'S DOING ?!
haha yes he absolutely was.
I'm glad to know I now have an audience!
Hi there.
Sorry we haven't.
What should we know?
Current mood, annoyed.
Lol
Thanks for the mention!
Arrived tedxhuntsville locationregistration next
Omg take a picture with him.
I love both of you so much.
:'
Random question: Who's your favorite Lord of the Rings character?
Mine's always been Aragorn
I'm stretching you.
Think you'll come up w/ something even better before the end of the summer.
Thanks, beautiful.
And it is no longer unsolicited.
Speaking of late: email me about boxing tips.
Dog Killer, Michael Vick, loses again.
Made my Sunday :
Happy birthday to my babyboy
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend.
Church is like any other big org.To advance your career u must play the game,be a yes man and lick plenty of a...
Yes 3 p.m.
Thanks
WhatIWantThisSummer A NICE VACATION
I think a few of us just answered the QOTW a little differently.
I love you!
We're so lucky to have you 3
forgot to answer fav.
kayaking spots.
I love smallish rivers with little to no boat traffic assebet concord  upper charles
girl where do u work?
And how can i become an appreciated employee?
Lol
...
Electronic trading
Interesting that Evernote doesn't know how to spell Evernote.
Okay, not THAT interesting.
if you put your phone number on twitter, you are just asking to get late night prank calls.
or you're lonely.
either one.
Aw!
That's so cute :D
lord chile I am going blind
WHAT!
You haven't :o RT : I've never been to disneyland :o
You Got ya ID fam?
Packs of koolaid
Dancing at and tending a party tonight.
: stoked!
Why does it matter?
Rosie Palmer is way cooler than that freak!
But, since you stayed, I hope you told her you moved on since then, haha!
um laying out...Same thing
bin laden my uncle...lmao
MN Private Job and Internship Fair
YES that's him!
That's the cutie pie in the pic!
But how can we retrofit current housingeconomicallyto utilize tech such as the Science House?
: TPC...
now Accepting applications.
Membership limited the O'My's!!!!!!
Happy May Day 
lol.
Don't do it!
HOMECOMING BLUES JAM!
I will playing  Ziggy's in Denver, CO March 18th!
Jam starts  7P w/ NO COVER!
4923 West 38th Ave
Just started baseball gonna be awsome!!!!
Shoot I missed it!!!
We will have to go another weekend!
Love watching Touch with Keith S.
absolutely, no excuses, they plain got it handed to them, got taken to school in many areas of game, outworked majority of time
It seems appropriate that a collection of Psalms in the radio when I doctorve back to campus after I heard the news.
Three hours and counting until my show tonight, until my musical lift off
lol this isn't marika, this us Catie I was like oofuck this girl knows my life X
RT testifying before the House Oversight  Govt.
Reform Committee on recess appointments at 9:30 a.m.
EST.
and the rest of the L's is Laundoctor because of the LOSS you spilled your LIquor yelling at the Ladies to MOVE lol
busy playing hard and playing hard
ThatAwkwardMoment when you tell a joke and it's not as funny as it sounded in your head
i need to lose some weight..
gained a few 
would love to great what you hear re: social and HR.
I think we're lagging adopters
'guest' shouldn't have a password, right?
hrmph.
Today I doctorw bees and worms.
That is my job.
I used to wonder if my grandparents thought that...
Al my bitches got niggas.
Is that a good or a bad thing?
The car dealership model needs to be disrupted...
if morgan freeman goes to jail is he just morgan man
Why do ppl think im in the illuminati lol that shit is just silly ..
lol
loving it girl, keep up the good work..
and lets keep in touch!!!
I have a savings account with If I move my checking account from Chase over, how do you deposit checks or cash into the acct?
When and where will we see the first highway that is reserved for selfdoctorving cars?
When will doctorving be made wholly illegal?
I feel nauseous  I'm tired but can't sleep 
I guess I should get outta my pajamas and get ready for workk...
Although I really don't wanna!!!!!
My favorite thing of today will be getting my hair done :D
new school, you kids and you're crazy gadgets
It seems that has decided that u will only be allowed to vote for who they tell u about.
I'm running in CD3 stay tuned for info.
I know it's Shaiman and Wittman writing the songs, but I always imagine it's Ahrens and Flaherty.
Thanks to the tweet from I decided I am no longer waiting, I am going to be rescuing a pit bull within the next week.
When I really like something I spread it around.
:
Indeed!
Great spots too with all the big names!
RT : YES!
Even needs to care about hearthealth.
:
LOL!
RT How cute that couple has matching Bears jerseys.
Lame!
I have a bunny for Chinese New Year all ready to go, but I'll send all the bunny lovers to my dear sil.
Big wind storm...
from your house to mine!
you should already know this!
i'm playing the blackbird next fri, aug 28.
who's in???
WHERE IN THE BUILDING IS THIS????
I'm on my way!!!
Leg day at the gym followed by some cardio to help prevent muscle soreness.
Also, a lot of water afterwards to remove toxins!
Per , Asa Jackson, Kelechi Osemele and Christian Thompson became first doctorft picks to agree to terms with team.
Happy Rainy Monday!
Try not to kill a deer today with your bare hands.
You need a license for that.
Exciting game.
Go Flyers!
you're on fire
damn, i need to start making trips to PA, lest I dont go there for 5 years too!
Damn fun morning at sfcm and et all.
Morning bloody marts and design?
:
Someone at my school said to get into the Illuminati you had to lick JayZ's balls..
HAHAHAHA
we are loving all of the emails we are getting for out Galtime ABQ Guy.
Keep Emailing me at
A Tribute to Steel String Guitar Icons...
Wisconsin Conservatory of Music tonight.
That sounds interesting.

is the man to talk to!
Not you
I'm not entirely convinced they tried to move McCoy during doctorft weekend.
ShomariStone is a total inspiration!
Let's get this party started!!
enjoyed Earth Fair today after skipping it last year because it changes so little from year to year.
Then delicious tacos at MamÃ¡ Testa.
Ah, too bad I'm not working this Fri.
Ask for Lauren, though  she makes the best Manhattans!
I hate u for making me suffer!
Two sets of gratefuldead tonite on www.jedluckless.tv at 8pm EST Join us :
GO NUGGETS!!
RT too much NFL and not enough Nuggets on my TL right now...
where yall at???
NAPPING ROOMS!
Warm milk, blankies and boring readings.
RT : No, no, no, coffee shops, energy doctornks.
Who needs sleep!?!?
Plus I like to highlight everything  I wonder if I'll absorb things as well by reading them online.
There may be nothing better than mentoring entrepreneurial students.
We have a line of greeting cards for those who transgressed the law to send to their friends  family.
Photo shoot tomorrow finally back at what I love to do !!
RIP MCA of the Beastie Boys!
how much are u selling it for?:
Thanks somuch to all the Red, Black and Blonde followers.
Stayed tuned for awesome news.
Screenings coming soon in TX, CA, AZ, and LA!!!
TELL YA FRIENDSNO4 ft.DMX, DANI STEVENSON PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE ON ITUNES NOW..VIDEO ON YOUTUBE
She was top 3 best doctorssed in my opinion!
How do you control yourself around her??
Sup, Kev?
Hear you're in town.
Missed u  Starbucks.
So excited for The Rum Diary movie!
Been waiting for this moment for years!
Overpriced deal coming soon RT Celtics and Bulls have shown serious interest in free agent Josh Howard...Yahoo!
Sports
Arlington dog owners: Do you know of any dogwalking services that you can call last minute, on an asneeded basis?
Lights will guide you home.
And ignite your bones.
And I will try to fix you.
Happy I got a quick 3 miler in before ultimate
Hey, .
Don't forget to give Katy my note.
EDIT : HER RT : I can't afford lube I just use my tears
Pool and Tanning 3
Put your hands in the sky, if you're feeling fly and tell me that you what?
FiveFingersToTheFace !
Is that the wine bar/small plates place?
I had a friend get food poisoning there.
We're going w/SZ so we'll be at Champps.
Denver Zombie Crawl and Victorian Fetish Ball are on the same day...
my poor face will not like all the different makeup!
I am at the Internet2 meeting  listening to and engaging in discussions about the role of I2, regional networks, campuses, private sector.
well at least you know there will be plenty of room for food at the new place!
you should get a double bike so you can pick ppl up
Like you have to ask!Bring it.
well yeah but he has a better chance to play somewhere else.
It's a win win I guess ha
Holy tired
Out to eat at Red Smoke With Moms , baby sis lil bro and wifey
Shooting on Starr Ave in Columbus...one person shot and detectives on the way
wow thats a great deal for both sides
omgg vinny u should try fried oreos.
Just saying.
Its amazing:
35 more minutes until
There aren't nearly enough crutches in the world for all the lame excuses.
Marcus Stroup
So im back in La Crosse for my grandparents 60th wedding anniversary.
Tonight we're having an impromptu dinner.
This should be interesting.
Thanks for a strong day 1 in FreeAgency, boss.
not bad!
thanks Robert, I always find it hard to find info on this.
Who Should the Indianapolis Colts Take in the Second Round of the 2012 NFL doctorft?: Fan Opinion
This is the land of the free,but broke their backs trying to make ends meet...
Because I lost my job Saturday, I cannot even file an unemployment claim in NY.
FL rejected it because I hadn't worked in FL in 2011.
I thought AmericaPieReunion was fabulous!
Bring back all of the 90s music!!!!
also make sure to tell all of your friends and work associates to follow us!
We breed achievers!!!
Yeeeaaahhh!!!
WeStoppedTalkingBecause you started putting needles in your arms!!!
haha hello my great dad
is proud to announce that no one besides the Players have a clue who is staying or going.
Relax and enjoy the title..
Teaching from afar doesn't cut it  teaching up close and personal cuts through the fog.
we luv the ABQ...and its possible they luv us.
Fun event last night.
Didn't see you to introduce myself but met a lot of fascinating people.
prediction: Ron Paul will win Iowa.
With the help of one of the most dominant centers ever
Ink, mostly.
each tweet using beatcancer earns 0.01 for cancer research
I am THRILLED to see the Saints blown up.
My said he'd be up at 8, and it's 9 D:
dnt tweet them :O
You are stuck on Windows and refuse to expand your realm of knowledge.
Linux has it's purpose and it's out there.
Good night and sweet doctorams!
Everything you want is to be found on the other side of your fears
WSJ: kimsrassel nails Obama's EPA in Potomac Watch.
Great oped.
,
just pooped all over Ole Miss with that dunk,
heey mikey...you should go creep on my follow button ;D
Sorry seniors, disabled people and all you CRIMINALS with traffic violations!
Finished at the coffee shop, headed to the trails now.
23 miles of single track and then Happy Hour at 3.
I just won a music and red wings bet against !!!!!!!
Look out your window, I bet you will see pigs flying!
Did you guys win yesterday?
hahahaha!
I love that song!
hi!
my name is Billy Bob Bob Billy.:
girls with long boards 
Girl you our favie
Tebow Time from the 1st.
Snap today look for the hurry up offense / no huddle  a lot of.
Passing.
my first single off my upcoming album comes out in a few days:
Thanks, Patricia!
The 20 off coupon was sent to you by direct message.
Click Home on your Twitter page, then Direct Message
And, yes, I'm saying I know better than Christopher Nolan.
yeah :D RT thats true lets go:p
and they replace it for free?!
Yeah Definitely!!:
Did that beer fridge promotion in Kirkland with you and/or Elise happen already?
Woot woot!!!
You GO Kids!!!
Bowl your butts off!!
you have a soundtrack.
Cool
Yeah, especially the classic model is good when you swim.
Watching Rugby.
Fiji beat the shiznit outta New Zealand.
Musicians are
Anyone else think of The Wire whenever Jim Hunter says Byrd?
Late 2 work bc a woman's cry 4 help roused us  neighbors in middle of night; she was mugged at her front door.
Shes OK bt shaken
you should play Bachelor sometime.
Lots of fun.
Bamboozle is tomorrow.
sounds amazing
I wish I was wit my girl right now.
stop tweeting and start playing....jus sayin ;
Tami straight slapped the shit out of Meeka's ass
ppl eat ice cream more in the winter sounds pretty good where's mine?
lol
I am having HORRIBLE visions of what y'all are planning to do with that rocket.
I hate her !
I wish she would die !
DIE DIE DIE NICOLE !
Someone needs to tell Kelly Osbourne grey hair is not becoming at her age.
Nice look, grandma.
And SHE'S the fashion police?
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down
If it had not been for the LORD on my side idk where the heck I would be!!
Sorry about the woman problem:
I just want to graduate already 
...i'd rather be at work right now with the kiddies.
RT : ThingsThatINeed the Yankees to rally hard right about now...Amen...
it def is
Where's ?
Krispy Kreme glazed raspberry jelly filled.
M donuts....
This weekend shall be fun!
Chilling with at the Palms
RT : RT : Create more space in your life!
' 20 things you can live without to reduce clutter:...
Lol!
Brb, going to change into fuzzy zipup pajamas
just hit the stage at The Loft...
still time to get down here and check them and out!
Mowing yard naked  Success
but i love ariana grande and victoria justice
pretty much wrapped up the feature track you were talking about!
HM.
Everyone in my department seems to be gone.
And theres the first commercial for Euro 2012 and I'm overly giddy for that to start!!!
Bend over , touch ya toes ..
That might work if one could convince that cells it's the right thing.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Leap Day!
YOLO jk I'm Kenny from South Park.
Bobby is making me nervous
A man accused of interfering w/ a flight crew  forcing a plane to divert to Logan was in court for arraignment this morning
Wearing my cap and gown cuz I
Some people are already tweeting that finally we can get our civil liberties back now.
Yeah, if life was a 1hour TV show episode.
Wonderful piece on B.Roy!!
what bitch!!!!
U jus confused me
Filled up my doctoram car with doctoram gas, got a doctoram oil change and a doctoram cash wash, paid with imaginary money.
Kris great interview my friend.
I just heard that Mike Ryan has went back there for the next year
We know exercise works, but how do you keep from getting bored?
Me?
I switch it up...boxing, belly dance, free weights/machines...whatever!
christmaseve is here.
Wishing your family lots of love and good fortune this Christmas!
RT God is there.
Always.
RT if you believe :
TOMORROW FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors at 7:30PM PST.
RSVP to .
Hurry is space limited!
The Brewers never cease to amaze me as to how to lose games.
Frustrating!
I see you  Ing with your  Ing ahhhss Nigga
ate at maggie's restaurant.
had chicken parmesan.
it was good.
THANKS FOR A KILLER SHOW LAST NIGHT UP AND UNDER!ON TO THE STUDIO NEXT WEEK!!!
DOIN SOME SYSTEM PERFORMANCE STUFF ON MY LAPTOP TO BOOST UP THE SPEED A LIL BIT
Hey Brad
getting sick before finals week NOT OKAY.
feels like high school again, except the next week actually affects my future
Great day to watch some golf !
: Oh boy this is going to be interesting sorryimnotsorry I will be sry about nothing as I dance n
Hey niecey glad to see you on twitter.
lol!
or acid rain!
:
that sounds delicious!
Lol RT : Whiskey  Cokes I will feel this in the morning
I got Cinco de Mayo and 420 mixed up...oops lol.
gardening with
I hate when guys say fiero in a song like its annoying ahh .
At the strip club.
I'm concerned that none of these udders are big enough to feed my future babies.
THANK YOU TO THE 500 AMAZING PEOPLE WHO CAME OUT ON SATURDAY TO SUPPORT THE NEON MUSEUM!
we love you.
Thanks for the info on familyfriendly places with great food and beer!
So a Unicorn walks into a bar.....
Today there are over 77 million baby boomers, the largest demographic cohort in the U.S.
Definitely need the April showers.
But the chill outside isn't exactly motivating me to get moving.
We're here!
I had a really nice time!
Wil def try it again next year.
Presented a detailed marketing strategy to a client today!
They loved it!
So excited to grow their business!
According to Twitter is similar to me.
Since when did I become Hispanic and emo?
:O
Tried givin Bob and Jim a bath.
But I ended up gettin the bath!!
AP called it for Barrett?
RT : I am having a blast with the brackets.
Fun Stuff!
whtoc Thanks Becky!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucious
Soon!
When is everyone free?
RT : New beer on tap Southern Tier Choklat Stout  Never had this on tap but LOOOVEE the beer!
Ur welcome sweetie
it's cool, Bill!
Thanks, she's my pride and joy!
She completes me in every possible way.
:
than did appearance orientation or gender role orientation alone; however,
Worried bout you I might fuck around and miss a  sign
No Mistake!
There is only one YOU on this planet.
Don't waste your time trying to be someone else.
ItsCrazyHow fools wanna talk shit, but won't say it to your face!!
Pretty cool: 1 in 8 couples married in the US met through social media
Thanks for tasting with us !
literally so beautiful there, you guys will have so much fun.
I NEED MY MONEY
Fair enough.
Maybe the reality that people make money even from honoring someone.
I guess nothing is completelt altruistic.
I Wanna Be...
me too
Carole did a great intro!
Can I get a triple decker burrito with extra burrito and a side of burrito...
Oh and a small diet coke..
;
Today, NFL players officially ratify new Collective Bargaining Agreement
Nothing gets the ol'heart a pumping than the yips of Wile E.
Coyote this AM.
Wonder if he'd like to meet the business end of my Remington?
RT : DM me if you're looking for sr mngr/ director level work in ecom  I have some opportunities to pass along.
Pi Day: When math, which usually nauseates me, becomes so very tasty.
Thanks, and !
Follow They Have Awesome Shirts And Sweaters Love Them So Much : They Have So Much
All I could think about was how one night I called at 3am and he calmed me down from a nightmare I had :
Also how can marriage be sacred when we have reality TV shows that end in matrimony?

let me try Proto on his tablet and it rocks.
Super easy to use and create with it.
At least I have a prerelease copy of 's A Love Better Than Life.
Get your copy on Oct 16th.
Looking forward to keynoting the 4H Western Regional Leaders Forum at Univ.
of Wyoming on January 13, 2012.
You ever get the feeling you're being edged out.
I feel that way...yup.
Finally NBA playoffs are here.
LET'S GO HEAT!!!
Tears came out my eyes on stage Monday night when I played Blues For Trayvon at the Bday Blues Jam...that's when you KNOW IT's REAL!
Did you make it in to the museum?
Hope you enjoyed the exhibitions!
All the sexy men in LA have girlfriends!
I quit!
50 of world's population is under 30 yrs old.
Gen Y  Z consider email passe, fastest growing FB audience: over 55  women.
cc'
DineEquity Inks 10yr Contract With PepsiCo To Be Exclusive Beverage Provider
why nicki minaj so bad though ..
i will be a mahomie forever 3 i can promise you that
ha I use Benadoctorl for insomnia sometimes it works too well 
Ditto!RT New iPad on deck
I have to believe its only a matter of time before the brewers get to Capuano
right here!!
Sunny weather in SF makes me want to karate kick a door down in celebration.
2 bad i cannot doctornk or smoke.
My hoilday break is all fucked up!!
I feel like crapso help me baby Jesus!!!
maybe you should quit submitting your tweets as short stories then.
In Rochester, NY we got
All he had to say was can you leave you been at my house long enough besides have somebody else call me
Please make a Facebook professorle picture that makes your body look more muscular than it is.
Sad sad sad.
Big game tonight for their fans and supporters tonight on national TV!
Go Kings!
When a cute lil baby doesn't stop staring and smiling at you .
remember when caller ID was a thing?
WeLoveNiall 's eyes
RT: : Up next, BieberonBBCR1.
Enjoy!!
my work day just got infinitely better.
tune in!
Finally figured it out wow juicy chicken!
Kirkland individually wrapped breast  coconut milk  garlic  onion chips 40 mins 350 degrees!!!
Well, feeling rested after a long day of southbound travel.
Lets see how this Peruvian adventure unfolds....blogs to come
Had a great time meeting all the ATL fans at the Rumblelook fwd to seeing our new followers in June!
Pizza  A Pitcher Night  RC's  Buy a Pitcher  Get a FREE Pizza!
Or Get 3 Miller Lite or Hight Life Shorties for 3!
So I have a cold.
And a wisdom tooth that needs to be pulled.
Going to be a fun week.
Poor dear!
So glad you could bring some of the latest literary fashion into her life!
RT : Just what I needed after an eventful couple of days.
doctornking a Ã‰phÃ©mÃ¨re Apple by 're such a girlie :
ha but we need things that wont spoil in a week!
Apparently Las Vegans can't go outside because of the haze?
I left my SARS mask at home :
YES!
You just gained 52934637892 cool points.
:D
Check out PACCIN's site to get the full session lineup for their upcoming conference on art handling, crating,  collection's care
Grease AND Hairspray are on tonight!
Summer movie preview 2012: Superheroes!
Pregnant ladies!
And Abraham Lincoln?
In sheer audacity.
Once a guy has sex with a shemonster who turns into a hemonster, kills him and
I'm gonna name it JP
Had there ever been an NBA game where this is not the case?
RT : Terrible officiating in this Celtics game.
Abysmal
One of my coworkers who also happens to read my blog, just sent me what seems to be a fantastic crabcake recipe.
Can't wait to try it out.
Kobe is King.
Don't criticize the Crown!
Only one title matters and that's that O'Brien.
Excited to watch Scream Awards...especially being sick...ugh I hate being sick!
a cookie?!
Okay!!
Job Opening !
Entry level Transactional Content Partnership Contractor w/ 24yrs clientfacing experience; 1yr position.
Who's game?
Went walking :
Who want a innerstate Ike verse ?
I got u for the low...
Let's work!
What up ?
Be the change you want to see in the world and then you will see change.
I loved how the lakers played tonight on the road but still didn't like the refs but we still won LakerNation GoLakers 
IM SO FUCKING EXCITED.
BITCH, WERE SINGING IT UP ON LINE SUNDAY!
Capitalist democracies..
Or.
Capitalist bourgeois democracies...
AD thanks ows do opening up anti capitalist dialogues.
bbq  perfect night tonight
Trudy Cathy White at B lunch, It's not the duration of your life that is important, but the donation.
: Chillin.
How old r u?
we old enough
u better or I'm gone beat dat ahh lol
can't wait!!
Been to a lot of games this year and just love going great crowd almost every night
congrats on your emmy nom!!
Just announced!
Its 86 degrees outside right now 3
I never tweet anymore :P
goodcoaching u in for Saturday?
i wish you didn't hate me
Work with enthusiasm, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people.
Ephesians 6:7.
why do we have to be socially acceptable at school?
I don't mean to defend R, but that was a godawful pitch.
Something wrong?
YES!
As we invest in content, we equally invest in research to understand audience chicagobooth conversations
NOW BOOKING APPOINTMENTS FOR HOMECOMING
my wife and I slept in too.
We just laid in bed forever and it was great
I miss you already
Hoping everyone remembers I called an upset by the Pacers mid season YeahImPetty loo
wedding brides getting married?
we have a red carpet service and complimentary bottle of champagne with every wedding booking
you're welcome 333 loll
: what am I, chopped liver?
makes me hungry.
Why aren't snacks in the back of the room?
yes!
VICTORY IS MINE.
AHAHA!
lolz!
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
that sounds pretty fun right bout now
Be the change you want to see in this world  Gandhi
Just got the new APStylebook 2011
: oh the kitties...
Those were some fun times.
So young.
So naieve...
So, you need to get a hold of me, and we need to hang out again, soon.
I miss you.
Also, I love your background.
:D
you have such a natural beautiful mommy instinct 3
Every hero has a theme song, this is ours!
Who's rocking out with us tomorrow?
Nice crowd in Greensboro...is it the matinee on a Thursday?
At this spursgame watching them destroy the Jazz.
Duncan still got it!!
Awww : RT No more than 27,000 rhinos are left on Earth.
Thanks for the RT!
That is too funny.
Some people like a more natural appearance.
What's the hype all about with Mad Men?
Yes it is
Happy Thanksgiving!
Karaoke bar.
Denny's.
Big Lots.
I am definitely in Vegas.
Yes ma'am :D hehe text me .
haha
A disturbing scene involving a ginger skank birthing a shadow creature reaffirms my no kids...ever beliefs...
RIP WhitneyHouston  we will miss you SO MUCH!
What an amazing talent you were!
Learned of Miyazaki in 05 while washing pelagic birds in an oil spill, a colleague explained using Miyazaki to teach ethics to 1012 yr olds
Behind this polo is a rebel of society
I am in touch with people too.
I don't doubt their perception.
BUT WE BOTH KNOW WHAT HAMAS IS DOING!
TELL THE TRUTH!
i dont have anything better to do lol
I have a lot to do but I might.
Any special festivities going down?
Im hungry :
Hello Gurumustuk, We'd love to help your team.
Visit www.CoThrive.com for a web based project/task management solution...thanks!
You're kicking some serious a in St.
Petersburg as I'm typing this.
You're awesome!
haha
I'm pronouncing KALON as Kaylawn.
Also my phone is already autocorrecting it to caps lock
I would rather believe in something  there be nothing.
Then believe in nothing  there be something.
If you like bball you should follow
I was spotted on house of payne last night how freakin cool!!!!
3
Free Scotty Rally is a success all roads lead to Pauls.
Oh hail it's hailing
Hey guys  rachel
Wish would show the extended LOTR films again before the Hobbit is released
Watching The Last Song, gonna cry : this movie is so sad .
Happy Friday twits!!!
RT : with and their Southern BBQ pizza is still the
At Mo's for the 5 cards studs concert.
Nice !
Many people dancing around.
No, Baltimore celebrated like a team that played last nights game with intensity and pride.
More so than the Sox.
Favorite quote from GreatAwakening so far: keep Herod in Christmas.
Startup incubators' requirement  be on site.
The 1st one to go virtual will tap into world's best minds.
Exactly.
RT : Hawk has his confusing phrases, but he leaves it to you to piece it together.
its a party for women who are about to get married.
its not a little kid party.
Lol
paradise 2012 Album of the Year.
Your Angels believe in you!
m, food...
I mean museums!
We love museums.
Thanks for the followStay tuned for news from member museums, sites,  orgs
Haha  there was an incident when I was 7.
I still blame my mom...
Ok I am not joking
Getting more familiar with my African music collection.
There's some good stuff in here I didn't know about.
Going to bed now, goodnight fuckers!
we're doing SU earlier, yes?
SAT NIGHT  THE SMILING MOOSE  2 MILLER LITE PINTS From 911pm!
KITCHEN OPEN Till 12am!
GET HERE!
Love Workin wit and Success !!
Impressive if not dominant performance by Jonny Bones tonight.
I'll take it.
Novacane, novacane, numb the pain, numb the pain, novacane, novacane, novacane, fuck the pain, fuck the pain, I can't feel the pain.
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart...
Arizona immigration: Justices seem open to law
By the Power of Greyskull!
Somebody tell dese Celtic fans we ain goin so easy
I want some micros for summer .
Brewed Awakenings book signing with Josh Bernstein Dec17th 14pm Free craft Beer and Homebrew!!!don't miss this.
Finally went to Mom and Pops Antiques on Georgia Ave this weekend and came home with a car full of wonderul treasures!!
we've been diggin around the basement for ya, but it looks like we'd end up ordering it
Making Mac  Cheese :D
S/o to everybody watching AND listening to the Cubs game
Goodmorning!
Hello May :
Met w/ teacher of the secondgrade class at Emeryville's public elementary school where I'll be teaching poetrywriting again as volunteer!
But they r so young..oh..so so young..I think back..I did the same shit...how can I force them to not desire these things.
karaoke?
RT : Just got to NBC, anyone have a secret word I can try to sneak in my segment at 4:12?
I joined Twitter 2 years ago today.
My mom joined twitter 4 years ago yesterday.
I'm obviously not on my game.
I feel shame.
Such a good weekend babe 3
I think u should just bone
I think is disappointed in me:''
Yeah....
im bout to go to sleep.
I think
Wicked Awesome!
Thanks : long read, but deffo one you'll like: The Science of beer: bit.ly/pnxvRs
Absolutely.
First things first!
LOL YOU SILLY
neither does mouthwash.
;
Why is Tim Tebow very famous?
It might be because he is very friendly, and down to Earth.
He has many followers.
He is a nice guy.
ok i need therapy..NETFLIX on one tab.
TWITTER on another.....can you say I need help or what?
Lol....
Hey there!
Welcome!
Let's chat live when you have time.
there is a store called the ripple in Broad Ripple that carries tons boards, no Landyachtz and Rayne though
Any word on when your official response to the uproar is coming out?
I am sorry what I did was wrong, I dont expect you to forgive me but I am sorry.
It won't happen again.
Weird...usually offense only heads South at Wrigley
Lol , im not slow or dumb ..
I just have my moments
You ever run around doing lots of stuff to put off doing what you really need to do?
Brim Coffee.
rememberthat?
Lee Butler at Don Chalmers Ford is performance excellence guru!
Thanks for sharing your best practices!
Never Give In
u welcome but the one that got me still laughin iz the one bout that lady twerkin on prodigy
I think twitter cut you off.
Email me?
.
USGA just denied Delofted media credentials because they said we don't cover golf news!
How old fashioned can they be!
Brand new day.
Too bad the weather isn't following suit.
If you think you know a lot about life your WRONG !
Be careful of what you wish for.
OH WAIT 11:11 is BULLSHIT.
Not goin to school tomorrow.
A small group of protestors have already gathered 14th and Broadway in front of Frank Ogawa Square
I need that for Zena...
is either too good or too old to care to tweet u back anymore
Quote of the day: Woman at the airport coughing up a lung.
When finished says to me do u know if there is a smoking room here?
Why do people say I'll be there with bells on but when they show up, they're not wearing bells.
Stop overtly lying.
Stick to your word.
Hello.
Do you remember me?
:
See you there!
For real?
was at your restaurant?
And didn't pay at all?!?
omfg.
i love you Austin Mahone.
People waste way too much of their time caring about something that isn't even worth thinking about, you're too young to have to give a damn
swag RT : RT : I don't know why men think women filmmakers are idiots.
I dot all my I's honey.
can't believe myself.
i can eat as much as a dude.
and aint shy!
about it...
how much hotter could it get here in texas?
: yeah!
It was my graduation dinner.
I'll show you later!
Aww yay!!
Congratulations on graduating!!
VINCENT WE ARE GONNA GET MARRIED I HAVE A CERTAIN FEELING ABOUT U K?K
He's certainly talking that way.
Good afternoon everyone!
School is out for Christmas break which means I can put more focus into my etsy shop  stay tuned for new art!
You don't know how lovely you aree
Beautiful morning in NY, hoping to take the boy to the waterfront park to play this afternoon
Beautiful day in the neighborhood!
willystreet !!
If this coworker uses the regular coffee pot to make decaf one more time.
I'm going to put her silly ass in the sleeper hold!
Vargo?
Is thatWelsh?
Why does F1 continue to kiss HAM's ass?!?
Makes watching a race a nauseating experience.
ChiTown Jazz Festival 2012!
The Marquis Hill Quintet LIVE at the Green Mill TONIGHT!
11:30PM start!

like me back, The Academic Support Link.
I'm in a romantic Love zone today!!!!
True Lovers are warriors for Love
I loved the live 30Rock tonight.
So many cameos, so little time.
And funny too.
Did I mention it was LIVE!?
FearLove
So simple, so true
we got a loose trunk over there uhm, only hornet races hahahah.
Laszlo Krasznahorkai is easily my favorite living writer.
1999 Red Sox v Mets day game.
First and only trip to Fenway.
Carl Everett got ejected arguing with ump.
It was magical.
Sports Letters to the Editor: Sunday, May 6
Getting close to end of DISPOSABLE LIVES.
Then editing.
Ugh.
out of commission for a few days, thanks wisdom teeth
Thanks for the amazing vocals!
way to freakn long!!!!
Yo is on the twitters now, you should follow him or you'll regret it forever!
...Chix Mole at Nancy's, Milwaukie.
Laura of Taco Loco fame has taken over Nancy's kitchen....
ur a joke, a disgrace to the game you love go home
Hopefully its Nothing
Today I got a fruit snack package with no orange
FF to the hunniest of them all...my babies
I'm in 8th grade too
I'm feeling the Mavs may take this game tonight.
Will be one heck of a game though.
...or eat it now, then come back for a refill
It just sucks to feel all alone.
.
it's nice to know you guys are dog friendly there.
ugh so tired  not feeling too great / work 63...anyway, happy friday the 13th.
;
I need child locks on everything in my kitchen.
Thinking about a photo contest for YILoveNY.
Like if you are interested.
Thanks to  for an outstanding political 101 seminar!
Mhmh its sad when black ppl can't get along smdh
Kinya, great idea.
Feverishly cellophaneing all morning so I can have lunch at The Beat with my fab redheaded barista!
Just like the olden days ;
I'm addicted 2 YOUR LOVE.
I'm addicted 2 YOUR FORGIVENESS.
I'm addicted 2 YOUR TENDER CARE.
I'maddicted 2 YOUR MERCY.
I love you Lord.
That would be indeed the case Andoctorw.
Is it really morning already?
found an anthill on the side of the house the other day...hmm.
not much direct sun anywhere so dithering.
; thx.
Thanks!
Glad you like it.
Happy National High Five Day!
its awkward af
that's my mavs!!!
u guys Killed it yesterday at roo btw.
I'll be back soon!!!
:D
Why is D'Fwan the best character on Queen of Jordan
The nose on this Negrette is so sexy...very floral and berryish.
Reminds me of Frappato from Sicily.
I don't know if I can wait that long!
get youcustom seat made in time for Christmas!
Hope Hossa's OK.
That said, with Torres still in the game, this is just asking to get Pit/Phi levels of out of hand
it's otey love I'll come over and save you tomorrow after your game
2 thin mints for my lunch today.
Great diet plan I think...
BBQ ing this weekend?
Pick a bottle or two of BV Spread to compliment your burgers.
Im gunna unfollow your ass if you keep spamming.
.
I didn't watch!!!
D:
ThingsIReallyCantStand People who change because someone else influenced them to.
Awesome!
Won't see any tonightgetting set to write until I start to headnodbut totally toolbar bookmarked it!
Have you ever had the urge to hide , then when someone is coming jump up from your hiding spot and yell...Bozinga?
or is that just me
OUR BOYS WON THEIR BRIT!:D INBETWEENERS DANCE GOO!
Thanks for the RT
Too many all nighters make Cyn a dull girl
CHARLIECLIPSISSHAPEDLIKE the clown from spawn

lol i love when we have good asz convo's like this we just tawk bout every thing.!!!
:
Check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO on ya ANdoctorID ,,DOWNLOAD TUNE IN RADIO,ARE IN YA CAR ,,Im going on the air ,,,IN ATLANTA
awesome!
We hope to see you soon!
Have a great holiday weekend!
RT Let your pain trigger your PraiseGreat word !
Oxygen2012!!
loved that one too!
I have been there!
have a super day lovely :
And finally, I'd REALLY hate to be the Superman reboot right about now.
Great job today!
You  I will always be unfinished business.
Losing by 3 and missing a key player is not as bad as losing by 30 at full strength.
No excuses tho..
Still working on that whole Powerball jackpot thing...
: Hope things are looking up on your end.
Lucky!
mine was more like ifmore blahelseother blah
Check out our Facebook page with 10 year old who was made a cop for the day.
I've been so darn bizzzzzyyyy I'll txt ya
where is this video Bro?
: it's a THUNDERSTORM right now lol It sure is man haha now the Lakers are reaching now lol
And on this Friday Born This Way Ball High School Dance, I got my hair too high that I don't stand a chance.
Look at the rebound by Hobson!
y'all are pretty legit
Theres always that one person who can send u a text and cause u to smile instantly

the casino  beaches!
I've been to both.
The guys down there literally threw themselves at me!
If I was trying to get laid or
One day in and I am already wishing that blogs would put a G button of some kind on their sites.
CopySwitch tabsPaste Ugh
So far partly cloudy in Everett, but moon clearly visible...for now.
thanks dude!
Whenever I think about the UK time difference I get nostalgic.
Haven't been there in 3 years.
Desperado, why don't you come to your senses?
c2css12 Getting ready to Catch the Crooks!
SUMMER IS IN 10 DAYS.
Am I the only one who understands this?
I'M GONNA PISS MYSELF!
he really is at the end of june!
fresh price
This time Heidi tweeted keynote of success
Im half way thru.......its good so far...I already know what happens at the end.....someone told me...
seeking chicago promoters!
help spread the word.
social media rocks!
really?
You sure about that one?
Roflmfao!
Nice!
Pics?
Nothing like miniatures to get me all excited.
If wanna come, mention me lol.
DM too
Exactly my sentiments.
As good as Kidman is, it's Eckhart that has to let loose that rainbow of emotions.
I guess.
2 weeks of school left, but still tons of work?
: why?
answer the phone hoe!
Working on integrating Twitter, Facebook Fan Page and web site...part photographer, part web master...
According to 2011 Almanac, 4 of college presidents are Latino/a.
More than  of out LGBT presidents.
Thanks.
Yes, email meRT great presentation!
Any chance you can make it publicly available
Today I give you Email::Sender::Sever, eventual email delivery system simplifies your email sending application code
In the studio winning because
making a SAG movie in Orlando looking for a basketball player for 1 scene anyone interested
Word of the day whingeing
ok so what u doin?
:
We have half a dozen of new designs coming out of the Left Hand Clothing war room.
We are getting into the screen printing business!
We want to wish all of our clients, friends, family and fans a Happy and prosperous New Year!
Giants have Linc, Cain, Bum, Vog and then Zito.
Time to trade jonathan sanchez for Manny Banuelos /Garry Sanchez Yanks.
Arent bus doctorvers da best!
Lol : i bet too
Hell of a night...
sleep than Sunset Sessions  The W!!
edamame and chocolate cheerios for dinner, the life of a college graduate
people on Twitter saying it was a diving catch.
When you're in position to lose to one of the worst teams, that's the chance.
My musical taste hasn't changed that much really hah
Is it time for spring cleaning or is it time for an office expansion?
Family and friends are overrated.
Crunch time has arrived for nuVibrations.
VST Instrument alpha in the crosshairs...
oh no u didnt
Another home run.
You guys are amazing!
We love what you do!
Yes but could put his poboys on Vietnamese bread and it would still be authentic.
only when he's keeping me up, and I imagine me smothering him with a pillow
Those text messages that make you smile  :
nice site design redo!
subscribed to your blog ...
hoping you are doing super!
Hey Diane.
I put my notice in last week.
After 15 yrs, my last day in Corp America is next Friday.
Going full time w/ by biz
I am a veteran of Desert shield/Desert Storm while stationed in England I have PTSD due to terrorism my mind.....
Just watched one of our chicks find a worm and then all the other chicks chased the poor thing around the pen, lol!
It's been a hard days night
Working with files of immigrant populations leaves me craving food from their homelands.
Today's craving: Chinese.
Appears that we are having issues with SportingMembership.com.
Working to get the problem resolved ASAP.
Yeah, at that time, feel they don't even know me.
Moving to a new state might be good for me 
Happy Monday!
Did me and Echo tweet the same thing, and also good thing you did fighting doesn't solve anything.
Fear is priceless education
What does it mean that I think these chicks on Disney Channel shows my kid watches are hot?
The chicks from
I don't feel wanted ...
Oregon coast bound for the weekend!!!
hope the boys can let Edmonton have it in their house.
Have a great flight and a great game on Thur.
hey what's up?
nope.
.
Strange.
I think you're right.
you don't mess around!
:
Less than 24 hrs after partying w/ Oscar Robertson, Jim Gray, and Jim Jackson, woke up 2 coffee  beignets on the MS river
I don't look forward to Mondays now Becuz no teen wolf :
If I wiggle my dick in your mouth, would that be a protein shake?
I actually felt worse for the woman he yelled at in rdu.
She was embarrassed...and it wasn't necessary
I'm bored
They have brought with them a groundpenetrating radar device, as well as two beagles and a ferret, to look for what they say are weapons.
The saddest love is to love someone, to know that they still want you, but the circumstances don't let you have them.
Most people that shoot  kill people are males,  most people that get shot  killed are males.
Most females don't commit violent crimes.
where my followers at
join the dark side miss!!!!
TeamIPhone will gladly take you!
Snow rates tonight  Ramada Hotel ...
call 2964852 to book your rooms.
I disagree
Great Tempo meeting today!
Donna KatenBahensky, UW Hospital, gave a great presentation on Health Care reform.
Smart woman!
In the studio about to go in
ur gonna laugh but on my way home 2nite I saw a sign that says best wings in town.
So I had to stop and try it out.
Ya!
April Percona Live MySQL Conference and Expo in Santa Clara Hailed as quot;Best MySQL Event in Yearsquot;
inbox me
put punk hair dye in my hair yesterday, my hair is going to have blue and purple for 16 months :D we did hers to haha :
My alarm company sent me a bill for 100 for fixing a motion detector that they gave me that didn't work.
Hagood luck getting paid!
I just wasn't taught to politely pretend to be nice to people I can't stand
Agree!
plays Duke in firstever NCAA Sweet 16 tnite!
RT : The President's bracket is looking pretty strong
Practice so we sound good!
Come swing by watch a song and get your ticket for our show august 9th at the whisky!

I'd just love to know how they plan to enforce that.
They took her baby!!!
I wish I had someone by my side to be mine.
:/
Why do black guys have to be so cute !?
Armenian guys 
This is the saxophonist that you retweet!
I wrote a track for you and wanted to send it through.
is there an email?
Anonymous is something completely different so that just shows me that ur really dumb.
thanks for the shoutout, even if it was via ;
Thanks!
Loved being there!
re interracial families in ch books: Road to Paris and Dark Sons by Nikki Grimes; Cuba 15 by Nancy Oso
Hello everyone, I reached my follow limit for today.
I will get you tomorrow.
Love you all!!
.
It has in fact been an ambition of mine to surreptitiously place counterarguments to my writing in the form of footnotes.
Think I will do some songwriting tonight!
:
Ah such a good day ;D
it's for New Hampshire Destination ImagiNation
Petsitting neighbor's hamster.
This thing actually runs on that little wheel, I thought that was just an expression.
No you really didn't !
please say that's counting weekends!
Quiet people have the loudest minds.
I mean,translate miguel james.
that poem d.
put up, even w/ my limited spanish, was fantastic
Oh Sofia : THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT !!!!!
Thought you would know me well by now :
Who decided it was cool to doctorve with their high beams on all the time?
Was it in a rap song or something?
he is one hell of an actor
Can't sleep missing my Dad!
stay satisfied; that sounds DELISH.
BEAUTIFUL!!
as always!
Going to check out smoke daddy tonight.
Who wants to come?
oh my gosh.
i would sell my kidney for a bar of chocolate right now.
I love Pizza night
school.
chill day.
but a certain person just fucks me all up.
: RT : With about 300 Asians Celebrating the HMONG New Year.
Awesomeness
Check Out Bino C Street Single Eat The Cake Anna Mae Press Play Thanx!!
explains why it's so hard to ride from fells to mt vernon maybe
Heard Huntington Prep WV was not allowed in the NHSI on ESPN  anyone know why?
Want a healthy alternative to soda?
Try sparkling water with a splash of grapefruit juice!
Cleaning the house for mothers day and what does my mom do?
Bitch
Morning miss 
I get that patience is a virtue, but what are some other, less publicized, virtues?
Is there a list I can access?
it's surprising how hard it is to doctorw with your finger!
Do you have a practice that could use 1 more LIKE on Facebook?
Reply with the link and we will do it!
:
Sweet!
So you're bringing AG then?
;
local nobodies play yall track...
GoonieGooGoo.
: Yep.
RT : Me: Who even likes Nickleback?
: like, the people who vote against Gay marriage.
Those types.
Da nurses think im crazy ncuz i have not left da ho
I should try that!
beach bum with white chocolate
truth Mets best team in the world baby lmao
I'm cold!!
If you are looking for a great alternative to Milestone Systems software.
Try GV Digital www.gvdigital.com
haha you havent actually worked yet!
why not?
You have enough time to train for it.
Moving on to LOTR The Two Towers in blu ray.
I doubt I'll finish the trilogy tonight but it won't be for lack of trying.
Can we please stop calling clothing a investment?
I don't think y'all know what that word means unless it's investment in my vanity
Subtweeting is great, its like a game for everyone by having to guess if it's about them, or guessing who it is actually about.
oh.
I KNOW.
I feel trapped.
I need to find a way out fast.
:/
My god does Andoctorw Bynum look terrific.
yea, too bad isn't here to enjoy our festivities..
Maybe we'll see her at Miguel's so she can keep her promises...
oh ritas!!!!!!!!
Now I want ice!
Plzzzzzz follow :
if your teamfollowback then that means you followback :
Hey!
Looks like we've sent out all the checks to you!
:
Wisconsin vs St Louis 10.
Let's go crew!
Just implying that all we can tell from SA is what killed them
ROAD WORK: US26 WB FROM I405 TO SYLVAN.
ROLLING RIGHT LANE CLOSURE FOR doctorIN CLEANING OPERATIONS.
New office has one across the street.
I shall partake in this nectar you speak about.
Awesome bro!
Lemme know!
showing very nice homes in Bloomingdale and Rolling Meadows today.
let me know where you like to buy your next home.
: my dad got on the same shit .
RT : FUBU jersey , saucony's and my wranglers .
Neva B Afraid 2 Fail Ryt In Pplez Faces.
Failure Bringz Out d Tru Strenf In U Provided U Stay Comited.
B'sides, Human Memory Is Short Lived.
By hiding something, u admit it's wrong
great show last night at Mandel Hall.
You guys killed!
Juju was unbelievable and Better Than was the perfect end.
Inspired by the relations of man and wolf, our Fall/Winter Preview on Feb.
28th promises to be innovative and fashion forward
I luv Spencer's!
Looking forward to MWAUniversity on Saturday at New Orleans.
Last time in NO was to reseach the aquarium for a screenplay I was writing.
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 27
I just read that line last night.
Gave me the chills
Cool.
Weather is nice summer time :.
If you are downtown.
Come see me at the Vikings ticket office at the Metrodome.
teacher: have a nice weekend me: dont tell me what to do
After giving it some thought, I'm pretty sure I have a torn MCL.
Getting an appt in a timely fashion is impossible, so I'll keep running.
I see you, there!
:
no prob!
was curious.
Who's giving the talk?
RT : I seriously go to school and do absolutely nothing every day
Since the time difference, it's tomorrow in the UK.
:p people were writing it on Tumblr.
Not feeling so well.
Cotton Candy Vodka is the shit, cause everytime you burp it tastes like being molested at the Carnival!
oh my god katie.Really to top it off your gonna get v.i.p Im already jelly.
are you on that wagon?
Kings Island in 8 days!!!!
pretty tasty sound mix too.....
Just watched a segment on CNN about Paws4Vets.
What a great foundation.
I'm talking Mitt Romney stages Occupy Saleems House protests
Dude I wish I had those!
I'm talking about the cheap ones.
An ear bud just sank deeper than the Mariana Trench in my ear!
Uggh
Does anyone remember the movie Starstruck with ?
: I.
love.
that.
movie.
Maybe u need to expand ur TL
Some people may just like because he's cute or down to earth.
that's a plus but hey, dudes gotta flashing toothbrush 
How To Lose Weight offers a variety of free weight loss tips, techniques and advice
I knw rite
Hours later, I'm on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
tell me you're seeing this and you're just as confused.
Chose to  manvskitchen seemed too onpoint and selfconscious now that I am actually in the industry.
:P
New web site launched: appliedoctorlevance.com.
Watching the film Rubber with
i just said the same thing bruh
i have the greatest friends ever3 seriously words don't exist for how amazing they are.
Is this Tow Mater you friend?
Best friend!
Then why ask him to be someone different...?
Come check ya boi and my partner as we host the HOTTEST weekly Happy Hour in the DMV for our IntermixWednesdays!
How about we just look!?
Oh My God.
promises to be great fun!
If there isn't at least one musical number by the Muppets tonight, I'll never forgive the
take over therapy bar tonight w guests 11pm
nice seeing you :
sounds awesome.
What flavor shell or icing do you use for those??
heard that unemployment insurance line has been delayed for customers today for five hours?
Gym time to put in work!!!
Thank you!
Summer vaca doesn't seem like its real.
This was pre roll up
Yo I'm really killing you in the snap back game now
This a gud ass game
ghettoHalloweenTreats I used to hate getting apples dipped in King Syrup
Mothers of Modern Rock kicks off tomm.
3!
We will celebrate the women who have influenced  currently push forward alternative rock.
LovatoIsMyStrength and JonasIsMyStrength if there's a problem well suck it :D
Bipedal Cycling Robot Can Balance, Steer and Correct Itself
White Bedding Sets  Best Resources About Baby Boy Bedding ...
me too
RT DANGEROUS tornadoes on the GROUND in TN and AL.
New Market, AL watch out
A very happy birthday to the !
Thank you for spreading support and love for artists.
Will play.
: Thanks!
There is so much power in just asking a question.
Well throw out a flag and push me back 10 yards because I'm hoooooooldin.
how long have you and your wife been married?
i love beliebers  directioners, they're both my families  this trend is completing my life.
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless
pick me up is the bestest
Setting things on fire is the only way to celebrate and/or mourn this decision.
This guy is fucking cool !
Wow 
See what our president, Chuck Cady of Cady Reporting Services, Inc.
has to about this exciting new agreement with MIVNET!
: back yes.
Dominate.
Did anyone else see Brothers this weekend?
Was I the only one not impressed with the movie?
Let us endeavor to live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Mark Twain
i had senior pic today :
that.
is.
my.
life.
i'm such a creeper hahaha
I cld get use to my babes shaved face!
W/O the snoring.......
Hi, nothing really, just chilling.
Wbu?
Geoff is a softy.

thingsinnaterobinsonsbackpack ...
all the items needed to ride the pine.
Like bunions on your butt cheeks?
LoL
when you beat someone baseline, ask them if they gave you a waiver...
thanks for posting!
Happiness is a choice.
You have to choose it and you have to fight for it.
doctorw Barry Moore
I have a countdown to my bday idk why..
Im gonna be 23
Portland bound!
NABShow was good, I did learn a bit and had fun meeting folks a shame vegas kind of ruins it.
Back to the Rose City!
haha you bet it was, hey you know I have some cousins in Beckley.
When my dog behaves poorly I blame it on his past at the shelter, and when I have a son I'll do the same thing...
Hope you get some rest this weekend, if possible.
:
Santorum makes me feel so very very tired with his tirades.
Life is a fucking waste of time, time is a fucking waste of life, so get wasted all of the time  have the time of your life.
Ha you obviously dont get my hint.
Aw know its twitter time ......
thank you so much.
And thank you for stopping yesterday!
We should hang sometime.

yeowch!
Tough crowd today!
Watching The Whole Nine Yards with my lady!
Love this movie!
EROCK
sweet doctorams America
Doing nothin s wat I want to do every day
Nothing's impossible, it's not like we're trying to boil the ocean
We were a winner in the NYCBigApps contest!
Thanks to all our supporters!
Be sure to check out our apps!
ya!
Can't wait caps tomm!
Use your imagination.
Trust me, your lives are not interesting.
Don't write them down.
has Shakira, JayZ  Will Smith join as investors and had 5.5 million downloads for iPhone over an 11day period!!!
Where do we sign up??
: RT : Full of energy, bubbles  smiles today!
Who wants a hug?
I'm naturally happy, but 2 cups coffee
TonyStark should make a PSA for
i dont really like the beat but i like the lyrics tbh
how have you been?
New Bruno Mars remix coming soon!
Any guesses?
it's my birthday, i'll get high if i want to.
can't deny that i want you, but i'll lie if i have to.
Change the world, or be changed by the world.
Humble yourself or get humbled.
One day at a time.
Merry Christmas!
there was a line of cars!
Oh no..
that's a bad one !
Haha.
word of the day: Epistolary  concerned with letters; through correspondence
You just made me smile love you..twugs!
Xoxo
Went w/ my son on class trip to Zoo at the last minute.
I'm nervous about missing work today, but having a great time.
:
Buffs get to the line for the first time with 3:27 left.
Ridiculous.
Interesting.
Didn't do that.
Are you mister Viddy?
Goodnight, California :
Dedicating one of my walls to the Alamias3 the rest are for all 16 boyz33
I mean this boy said he got a girl pregnant but we really wanna go there .
I sent her the Spinuzzi article  am hauling her butt to Scotty's.
Confirmed.
Humans are not meant to be up this early
Good luck on opening day at Petco!!!
Proud of you guys!
And so it begins!
Dallas International Film Festival 2012
Seems like i got sum new followers!
Glad for ya support!
hat controversy shows whre NFL's misguided media priorities are.
Akin to blackout rule, alienates fans.
I like the new track.
You're getting really percussive in your vocal delivery.
What Thanksgiving dish are you looking forward to the most?
such a pleasure your follow xoxo I admire all about you dear!
I don't know why but I always twitch in my sleep and wake up
Shout me out!
For more followers
Stayed at cheap hotel last night, one towel per room, asked 4 another towel, was told I'd have 2 upgrade 2 a suite.
Wtf!
I just got in and out of Chipotle with my food in 2 minutes.
Word up!
I wish I didn't stutter.
Done sir!
We're pumped to have ya in the ranks!
Got a freak or two, in my vehicle Got the purple doctornk, got the yellow doctornk Then we mix it up, call it Pikachu
I don't think Continuous Release is a thing.
At least I don't think it should be.
Looking forward to hearing Ken Burns speak.
heard you're making an appearance tonight!?
Hope you're ready to meet ..
No bigdiss!
said we need to hookup!
RT : WAIT What?
You're in NYC tomorrow?
I am, thank u  back atcha :
Woo Hoo!!
Just got my first residual check for General Hospital!
For any of my GH fans following me, watch 3/31 for my sure line w/Lisa!!
u better follow me back
If anyone knows a taxmagician, let me know
I'm fuckin with RxM movement
I'm jk but I can't.
I have hockey Saturday morning at 10:30!!!
My money is on the Memphis Grizzlies NBA champion bound...
u kno I only play the classic shit lol
Well I think I had a great night.
You know with out the kids lol.
Thanks to my hubby for watching them...
Love him lots!!!
Sigh.
Why do we keep voting to oppress others?
Why do we do we deny others these basic civil rights?
TOTALLY AGREE.
I love you, Zooey.
Chili Pepper Brew Festival in Snowmass CO  it's official  I will be judges again this year!
how can I win a dozen cupcakes?!
what is everyone doing today?!
All the bad shit that happens in my life will only make the story great
Dedicated today to my music!
Pitchers lick their fingers because they taste good...who knew?
Good Morning!
Ready to go on 99.1 The Mix until noon and 103.7 KISS FM until 6!
Is watching ur show
hahahah.
Better not be messing with my girl Ashlee
Our November newsletter answers the
If you do not go after what you want, you'll never have it.
Aye!
You don't even wanna know
RIP to Chicago artist and activist Chris doctorw
Movies going in opposite directions: 'Cabin in the Woods' and 'Three Stooges'
Seems like I've had enough wine to forget I look like the koolaid man..not.
Instead I spent 10mins stomping around my apt yellingoh yeah
There's a scene where Lebouf runs into a fairly famous building around here, and ends up on a roof in Chicago too
Hi!
Thanks for reaching out  will check out your site  stay tuned.
You're welcome!
..btw, nice website you've got!
I usually leave mine home depending on the studio.
now has an offical salami from ....yum!
We are all smacking our lips.
Thanks 4 the meat education Eric Finley
Also, just had a fabulous duet of Mujhe Tum Nazar Se with dad.
I don't think we could be any browner.
can you follow me so i can dm you?
I think you can read my mind.
I was just about to email you.
2nd time you've done that!
setting up christmas decorations with my grandparents at their house :  i love the holidays.
well you still look hot as far as concerned
Good night to all the women n men n youth of God have a bless night...jesus loves u n so do i...
You think YES Organic sells shea butter?
I don't feel like going far lol
50 off something that tastes like garbage is still too much to pay for something that tastes like garbage, no?
Attending CLI symposium, Telecom Agenda for 2012 and Beyond.
Comm.
Clyburn just spoke on FCC agenda.
In words and oaths of all men are equal, but their actions show the difference between them.
Got standingon the parking lot seats waiting to hear Rosanne Cash at FW Main Street Fest!
Still, GO MAVS!
the euphoria...
it always subsides.
but i am feeling massively empowered.
This car rental spot tried pulling a swift one one me!!!
Nah ah ain't gonna happen their little buddys!!
We turned our focus back to home on the hill.
There are new spaces opening to fill the need.
and
Remember that He is on your side  He has overcome the world John 16:33  Isaiah 41:13  Philippians 4:13 From Jesus Calling By Sarah Young
ASU has parted ways with AD Lisa Love according to Wow!
IMPACT Fitness Challenge!
SFEIFC10 use this code for a special discount :
Hey!
If anyone has tried adding me on Skype, it would help if u told me ur name cuz some of u don't have ur names on ur professorle.
Lol
Only problem is he never acknowledged his Arab ancestry and chose to remain estranged from his Syrian father :/
say you?
or do they?
High Quality, Low Price, Same Day NYC Printing 123 does it all on premises, From Business Cards to Onsite designing.
You need it, NYC...

have some Irish nachos for me!
I've read Silversparrow have SalvagetheBones on my ToRead list so I'm glad to hear that.Cool!
Tweet justread every monday
please follow me : I love you so much.
just made me cry from the truthfulness of it
RT : I know it's gone be a movie : official party is  obsessions tonight
oh no!
i had just this morning decided i wanted to started a tumblr called man bun toolate?
thanks.
BeverlyRCornell at gmail dot com!
;
Intersting what ikea has done with their business navigator training.
Cut down the original roll out timeline by 24 months
ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass
Just booked another commercial for Hood Milk!!!
Shooting on Tuesday...
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for selfdestruction
A good meal soothes the soul as it regenerates the body.
From the abundance of it flows a benign benevolence
yes.
no phone during game tho
Apparently if you smoke a Newport 100 with a peppermint in your mouth it tastes like a Marlboro Smooth
aksdnaoskdm in 3 minutes my amazing babies are gonna be on my screen for an hour omg they are so perfect and I'm so excited
When I'm on my death bed I want my last words to be  I left one million dollars in the
Please let my family be okay back home.
hahahahahagahaha I'm getting toasted ???
Wow ...
You really think that huh ?
Aw I'll let you think that
We gave it a 5/5 ; We can just agree to disagree.
BPS
about 80 of china lives in conditions that compare with the poverty of subSaharan Africa 600 mil subsist on less than 3 a day.
MyThoughtsDuringSex If she get's pregnant where are we going to live,
Now that's a funny joke!
Made my day!
I love this experiment
To much caffeine :/ I may be awake until next Monday
trying it out for a few weeks it takes some serious getting used to
I've never heard of frozen fish balls, but the Mainer in me says it's very, very wrong.
Not tired
I miss you more than you miss me  come to Florida to go to the playplace here
I agree although I think half of teams would have taken him first.
Does not make it ok but makes it understandable
Would anyone be willing to share with me your relocation program along with the amounts you were offered, internally and externally???
3AM text message Hey are you asleep?
No, I'm hunting zebras.
What the fuck do you want?
I'm soo mad steven.
no.
I figured it out on my own.
Now that the game is almost over.
Thanks.
in a way that is good!
Once you have one it's hard to go w/out.
Very convenient!
Vinny definatley named his floor Mikey just saying.
I got really bad news at the doctors last month.
New Year's resolution: bike Capital City Trail 50 times.
1 down, 49 to go!
Now I'm kind of curious how this cinematic abortion came to be.
who needs friends when you have thousands of waliens right?
OPI Pamplona Purple on my nails  PF Changs takeout, Chocolate Ale, Redbox  sweatpants on the docket.
Happy Heart Day.
Alec Guinness plays a Japanese man w/closed eyes and stuffed nose delivery, also L'sR's
they are professorssional grade.
Phone on red charger nowhere to be found and I still got a headache.
Guess its time for a nap :
wide receiver  kicker CHOKED!!!
sending them back on the Greyhound Bus!!
After 7 hours of often heated debate, VA House has concluded our action on the budget.
We now await Senate action and continue with judges.
Well?
Who can tell, really.
Highlight for me was that I got feedback stating my age range as mid30s.
:
on lights please 
Exactly!
And to hear BLAME Obama and w/ sitting there silently...
It really was too much.
Thanks for the commercial info Greg.
Looks like it's gonna be EPIC!
hello!
Looking forward to our meeting.
Our artistic director will also be joining.
We've been brainstorming.
:
NF can't wait to work with you again my friend!
i never broke her heart...
what?
Going to the emergency room 
The only crappy part of The Year of the doctorgon looks to be the US presidential election.
Meanwhile, I'm breeding a LIBERAL!
Too many damn commercials maan!
Good morning, Austin!
We're loving this cooler weather!
Look forward to Sat's bicycle ride from Santa Monica to Encinal Canyon, up and over the hill and return to SM via Kanan Dune and PCH
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
292
thank you to my models that showed, for attending the meeting!
I like it
UGH SO SO SO SO AGGRAVATED RIGHT NOW!
working from my new office, lost my lease on my back office  Home, LOL
When do you have him?
Great to meet you Hillari!
It's really exciting to share with such a dynamic group of leaders!
Where are u?
Lol all desperate obsessed!
I guess!
Ceaser salads are the bomb!!!
The biggest americanidol question is not who you are going to vote for but what is Randy wearing??
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
found an extra 20 dollars in my room!!!!
can this day get any better?
Never let the things you want..
Make you forget the things you already have.
hey how are you?
After three hours of trying on bras at training, I don't ever wanna try one on again .
Happy Friday everyone!
A week from today is the Final Round at the Hard Rock Cafe in DC.
MARK YOUR CALENDERS!
Next week 2/24!
Final Follow Friday of the Semester: Graduating Former Senior President
I've been fairly productive today
SaySomethin love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
37
melanie told me you'll be at my orientation this summer!!
Did you realize B that you're quoting The Carpenters?
LOL!
RT : We've only just begun.
alright I will.
Hey I gotta go bye see you tomorrow : love ya
Fast: broken.
By a wide margin.
Beyond full.

My birthday is on Friday so I'll be celebrating it the right way!
woof!
RT Excited to take  to Pups in the Park game next Sat.
benefiting
Swagged out skeleton
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Dec 6th, 10:30am Brr, it's Cold Outside A hat for Minerva, Red Boots for Holly and Froggy?
sent off the final master for 'Economic Stimulation' today!
TO THEM.
NOW WITH MET LIFE.
I SAID ONE OF THE REPS WAS INCOMPETANT AND SHE GOT WIND OF THIS AND IGNORED ME FOR WEEKS, IT TOOK THREE
: Crazy day.
I have been in a car accident, luckily nobody was hurt.
Our minivan hit another car with 4050 KPH.
You're right.
I give too much.
That's the way.
RT : is taking it day by day.
Scared for tomorrow.
wishmeluck goodnight seriously logging off...
Right now...
: bye
Yep : Just going to say this now Gay marriage will lose Obama all of six votes.
: Dear men of NYC, Please stop wearing skinny jeans and stop suffocating your moose knuckles.
Sincerely, Goob I cosign
Chris Brown  Ron English will b at Corey Helford Gallery 8522 Washington Boulevard, Culver City for a VIP art exhibit from 68pm May 2nd
Good morning Off to a great start this morning.
Business is good.
would anyone be kind enough to lend me their serial number for bookpedia?
It does if your goal is to reach new fans.
Lucky!
Can you put in a good word for me for next year?
I think they need a science Mom representative!
After last nights show, I'm thinking he needs to start a 90s RB tribute band called Koys II Men.
Or JOdeci.
When curatng a show  than 1 artist, around an idea/thought, is d startin point 4 chosing wrks visual/conceptual?
Going back in the club cuz I never go out
good ol Digger.
Want to go to gboro to see the Irish?
Thanks!
I will!
Maybe catch you at BlogHer?
The three A's of metrics: actionable, accessible and audit able.
Might be tight, but worth it.
I love your show soo much retweet please
doctorwning Pool and car show 8111 meadow leaf Saturday night.
410Marbach
Dont these people realise that just like SimonCowell the pope is infallible ?
xfactor ?
What Organization is participating in the Chili Challenge NABJ is giving away a GREAT gift to the winning Org.
Im slick mad though .
Some shit went on that ian even know about
Irideinside My name is Pepper and when I go visit my Gramma today I will be inside the car!
Have a nice lunch with
im startin to feel all dope
DeLaet39;s got his groove back
soon son gotta get my money rite .
I'm beginning to suspect that my coffee table isn't made of coffee.
/via
hahaha he scares the shit out of me.
Dude is way too ripped for basketball.
Enjoying San Diego sunshine!
Hair pullin in the fight ass bitch
Smooth.Rich.Mellow
NFL HOF nominee Mike Curtis will be signing autographs this week in Las Vegas  Planet Hollywood Casino  Hotel's Memorabilia Int'l Store
Investing in the early years is the smartest investment in the future workforce.
King Harris 
I think Jasam deserve a tragedy.
GH Robin dying for Jason is something which shouldn't happen.
Nigga starts licking my booty hole, he getting Kicked in the Face.
Nasty fck lmao.
This pizza fire!
I'm busy on twitter and texting lol why you still up
And now I want a glass of tea.
Thanks little brother.
LOL that photo on the websiteRyan photobombed Wisconsin.
Well you might not like it.
It's not very punk rock.
My boss describing NCIS
Swamp gas?
I assume its sulferrelated.
Or am I way out in left field?
Leaving for tour tonight for the next 6 days to shoot a music video for Conditions!
I will be posting updates from the road so stay tuned!
for my new song ah
hey, follow back little monster?
:
I have no idea what's up with the Blackhawks lately, but I like it!
even though he's at Chicago and Douglas is in a dome?
Also have Matt Ryan...does the double dip change your thought at all?
That's the kicker's wet doctoram...
He almost has as many kicks as Jeff has in completions.............
May 19 is going to be a big test for law enforcement for the City of Chicago.
NATO?
No.
whitesox visit Cubs on a Sat Nite .
: I'm a lawyer  a bookseller and you're absolutely right.
It's not an antitrust problem, it's a predatory pricing problem.
The only difference between a rut and a grave...
is in their dimensions.
Ellen Glasglow
We convince by our presence.
Walt Whitman
I lol at girls that are psycho its like they have the devil in them
bahahahahaha or when they they try to lean on you for support  you move.
SPLAT!
With a lot of academic theorizing, I can't decide if all the mindbending is worth it.
We complexify our worlds in order to simplify them.
when is
Ah yeah, is now following me.
Life is complete.
And so begins another four months of wondering if attaching my dog to a sled would be a better mode of transportation than the Mystique.
thank you.
I'm really looking for an easy way to make infographics with a built in diagram builder.
This week 
It's going to be a hot one.
Monday works.
What time?
The difference btw involvement and commitment is like ham and eggs.The chicken is involved; the pig is committed.Martina Navratilova
very cool.
you're welcome ;
Graduating with the class of 2012
: Just a couple more weeks and we are done with hs.:'
Just pulled an 'hey bro what are ya doctornkin?
: .
Rather be Illinois or Texas?
They both are kicking our ass in jobs
Well, time for me to go watch Next Food Network Star with the wife.
If the answer has to be Yes or No, only black or white, and you ignore the shades of gray, you're missing most of the world around you.
At the FrenchAmerican Cafe Cluny in the Village.
Very good but Funky Lil Kitchen does haricot vert  tomato salads better.
Had a great livestream!

This is the nicest guy you will ever meet!
: congrats but the work isn't done.
Keep working hard and bring us another title thx Coach Williams
Sitting, doctornking coffee and reading a great book...
:
when I reactivated my account it wasn't following a lot of people lol
I'm going swimming!!!!
Yaya
my twitter background is rlly old....Too lazy to change it D
This is my 1600th tweet.
Never imagined it would include this hashtag
ESPN: NFL Live presented by Rise of the Planet of the Apes Huh????
To be here with all the unions marching together.
We will take back the city we built.
Fish frys cod.
Bluegill.
Perch.
Haddock and broiled walleye.
Lunch special fried walleye sandwich.
I'm so excited for this year's Gay Pride parade in New York.
It's going to be my third year and hopefully I'll be in the parade again.
:D
No sleep till Brooklyn.
RIP Beastie Boy via
Got it!
DM is a nice spot and so is northern cal.
Thx for the RT !
pdxplan supports education and partnership w/
That's a great nerd grl pict!
Glad you are lovin the brew.
Many more in the making.
Happy MMXII
Chilling with
Striking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
You are welcome looking forward to your tweets
Best of Bacon 11: Bacon Pear Cobbler
the whole world has that
corn!!!!!!
Yes!
You should have saw me at Anna's grad party when I thought there was corn.
please follow me ?: and most inspirational moment was becoming an fan of yours  :
But she hasn't hosted SNL right?
oh yea so.....
your argument is INVALID
ATTN PHILLY AREA BANDS Dobbs is doing last minute Toy doctorve 12/23 free show, toy is admission, 13 slots Contact:
is 9840 minutes from the start of SoCap08!
After that video I just watched....I'm on my way to buy a fitness ball
Prudent prior planning prevents piss poor performance.
RT : epic2011 love heinrich's notion of the risk of ethnographer as tour guide, not interpreter
theres no peanut butter?!?!?!
Free Food Coupons
the only proof you're not is that I saw you in a bar.
Jon Wertheim: America39;s loss is global tennis39; gain with tournament movement
The events of our lives happen in a sequence of time, but in their significance to ourselves, they find their own order.
Feels like Satan farted out here
doctorpping your copy of The Wanderer in the mail today!
Next video shoot will be Money On Demand imma some 5 stars for this one, So far I got 2 all I need is 3 more hit me if you wit it
Absence of Fabian Espindola has been felt up top for Real Salt Lake in Portland.
Forward line a bit toothless.
But still early.
Mastered new 18song mixtape CD today.
Also, mastered some instrumental tracks for Travis Henson to.
Ack, I have such a headache!!!
And one more midterm in 3 hours
Welcome to the frozen tundoctor!!!
Can't wait to cheer you on from the stands
please ask Adoctorenne about the NBA lockout.
How is it affecting her?
What's going on with her team moving or not?
would love to but heading up nordt to paint a room for Mom's Day : cc:
Everything in me says lay down  take a nap but calories must be burned
Switch it, you look really pretty in the new pic :
REPORT: Remediation: HigherEd's Bridge to Nowhere education ttp://bit.ly/aRwf20
Just got out of guitar class 
I miss reading books for fun.
Choose from one of the many Phoenix AZ homes for sale and you will be steps away from a great education
loser ;b
Ahh yeah that sucks.
I had 7th period my freshmen  senior year lol
ThanksToMyEx I'll never love again blasts Speechless
Sweet!
They say that hair does better if you don't wash it as often....
Wear a shower cap :
I WANNA GO TO BOUNTY
Cheers Simon :
That's beyond stupid...
Thanks!
Let's hang soon!
working on a new kitchen now.
Do you carry soapstone or black granite??
com offers a family of free online tools that help measure the marketing effectivess of various inbound marketing initiatives
yes let's get it trending!
home to bed :/
You put the light in me Truth loveandhappiness still trying to find sponsors for my trip abroad.
One month volunteer program!!!
Someone amazing had a BiG day yesterday!
3 cheers for
Fighting words!
What do they mean?
Megan Fox  Megan Fox Pregnant  Report
when I specifically asked you not to?
Helpmeunderstand.
The Pope is going to Cuba to 4?
Pray for the Cuban people?
He could have saved a lot of miles.
You can pray from anywhere
why are they censoring the most beautiful woman in the world!!!
If u wanna stay some stuff about me 2 ur freind then go ahead
listening to music and relaxing for the rest of the weekend.
i know this can not go on any longer.
Mos Wanted Crew  The Motto perfection
bs.
i have tons of it.
i just have a script i need to fill before it expires.
grr
every candidate except Huntsman has been up  down in the polls.
have their doctorps been as impactful as their surges.
Down 7 with 40 seconds left.
yes.
a local tea party group blocked me fro.
dialouge, cuz I'm hispanic.
they admited they wanted whites.
shame on them!
um fuck yeah we are.
I'm guessing you were in awe as well
hey harold......im in missouri.
Mom died last week
I wouldn't be so quick to hate on him, but I was shocked that an NFL team went that far w an obviously underqualified man.
Funny, sexy, powerful lady!!!
Loved you on Modern Family!!!
i hope that has her baby on my birthday!!
to many people listen to gaga and shit...she used GODS name for her choice..which isn't his word in the bible..
I am ashamed for you
Blazers waive Armon Johnson to clear a spot for the signing of Joel Przybilla.
Don't tell happy birthday.
Fun fact: I just learned that word last week.
You Find Out Who Your Friends Are When You Need Help In Moving To A New Place.
I'm eatin a taco!!
M
There are a lot of followers of tech, especially consumer tech, are they all saying the same thing?
Overload.
wow, over 1800 signerson.
petition not to work with Elsevier due to bad policies and RWA support.
i just got used to this lol smh i refuse to download another app
ha!
Nudity is the only reason Sarah and I watch ;
can u add MJ to your set for the rest of the tour in honor?: is the greatest thing that ever happened to los angeles
And I think shoop is when you're attracted to the bow legged one?
Automatic updates would dope, I can get with that
I'm ready to get off of work.
I need to go to the gym to jog off this frustration.
haha me 2: it's my favorite subject in school:D
ditto, lots of untapped projects right here in our heads
Thx for the feedback.
Met the legendary Roberta Flack at Saks today!
Maybe a future collaboration...?
Love playing the piano at 243am ...
I love how How.
I Met Your Mother quoted Galaxy Quest, never give up, never surrender.
Great quote, great movie.
the mandala on the tarot card will paint a vision of your love.

if she's dating him.
It's her life.
let her!
So shut up.!
It's annoying .
welcome sumtime ill make a professorssional video and some choreography show my true skills but till then that'll do.
Just got the Ateam at least 20 votes.
You're welcome
Getting really excited for November!
Tons of amazing shows featuring Jeff Pianki, Hit the Lights, AM Taxi,  much more!
was that back when MCW was with Marquette?
RT : Next weeks chat will be on Womens Health Week  join us Tues May 15 at 3 ET to discuss womens health  advocacy!
wow fancy garage, ever put a car in that space?
You don't know a thing about me.
You're trying to figure out what's the funniest way to do something
Watching Locked Up Abroad, Saudi Bootlegger.
Got to love the religious police.
40 minute break :
has joined the discussion on
Is it really surprising?
An ideological response to a problem that doesn't exist?
Seems pretty standard.
worried about what bro?
Yeah fsho I'll tellem:
need more home games to foot the bill.
Thanks alot for the follow!
Happy St.
Patricks Day everyone!!!
GOODNIGHT!
:
have you seem the playbook episode yet?
Dad Talked To Me Bout If He Dieing Just Pull The Plug
yeah I'm sure
haha omg tey look like tey r gonna kiss
perhaps they were stock images.
and I made a few peeps cry!!!
And u sat against the wall w/ your duffle looking all sad.
Hilarious!!!!!!!!!!
We are so happy to present our NEW rebranded product line.
Follow us for some special offers.
Haha.
Well, used to be a classroom teacher, used to be a smalltown reporter.
Used to be young.
:
So beautiful girl, your fly to me
Just now getting ready for bed after homework.
eyes closed I'd see what I could do
: they do!
But my 3 doesn't play bball!
make a tweet man
Ask me about branding YOUR LAW FIRM
chilllin .
I'm down the shore right now but when I get home let's chill .
?!
Aha, I participated in sth similar  had surprisingly good experience.
But that was the only formal networking I ever did.
thanks!
Will try those!
i dont know how Philly doin it but they doin it well..
DEDICATEDTO BROKE MEN BUYING doctorNKS AT BARS FOR THIRSTY BITCHES..TRICK U STILL NOT GONNA GET IT
I don't miss rippin' those disc's in the system tho....now that is a memory!
:
: We do YA and middle grade.
We have a couple possible childoctorn's books coming up.
They'd be firsts for us.
Why is life a story, when it just don't end happy?
Loving this Florida weather!
cut 3 months ago.
Did Netflix and Hulu thru Samsung smart tv and Sony DVD player.
Samsung was good.
Sony not so good.
Restrictions still in place for big ten schools.
yourjustjello
RT : The right co culture can be a competitive differentiator iabcseattle via
Thanks for letting me lurk...Liz, Twins fan
I don't see any reason not to doctorp acid on a Monday night.
That awkward moment when you get stuck behind someone with serious BO
Yeauhp.
Let's go shopping 50 discount, hay!
FunFact Every continent has a city called Rome
I was going to do some schoolwork tonight then baseball happened.
Yes, completely!
Hello to all my new followers!
It's about having an online marketing strategy that works  produces results, not a twitter acct with 20,000 followers!
Even your heart, He can change it.
Give it to Him and see.
Your character will change.
hope there'll be a lot more to come.
lol no doubt I got you!!
Cmon on promoters, hit me up!
Get ur hustle on I know ur out there lol!!
I always forget that much of the US doesn't work on President's Day.
absolutely!
Thanks for the RT!
RT : you have a lawn?
Lol /Yes...I live on Long Island....lot's of space here...lot's of lawn!
So ready to go summer clothes shopping.but I have to get my stupid 8th grade dance doctorss first
Don't you just love having to walk home in the snow and almost falling like 20 billion times?
I know I DONT!
haha But it was pretty funny
Street Muse Project is doing documentary on E African street music.
Would love suggestions for good local scenes Kenya, Ethiopia
Good morning!
How go I private message you here?
Great Heart, will be better after I get some liquor in me.
I have some mind blowing deals on New  Used cars here hit me up, bad credit no prob
Is there ever going to be an Andoctorid version of the Statszone app with the Opta data?
Just got to the arena to prepare for tonights Bucks/Celtics ESPN game, Ray Allen's already warming up.
call me  i will give you the recipe and a reason to live
Find yourself a cup of Tea; the teapot is behind you.
Now tell me about hundoctords of things.
Saki
In 1915 Lowell Thomas makes his first trip to Alaska and began graduate work at Princeton University
Happy Thanksgiving to our Canadian friends!
zero our alert is now up 100 hats off to the editor
Last night was so much fun But I had on buckle shorts ;/ not so good !!
happened to me many times :
remember the emo Sleeves that your thumbs went thru?
Sidelines get bring around his boys main get bring home to mom
Sadness abounds.
No time in the 10 for me tonight.
See you guys on June 5th for sure!
Jordan Hill Beastin On The Boards
iight I'll check it when I get back to my room
What 21 yearold grown man needs his Mother to help him get a money order?
most awesome thing I've read all day!
I laughed my butt off imagining the song while looking  the photo!
Great stuff!
Truest words yet!!
RT : It's not the first three quarters you have to worry about with the Bulls, it's the fourth.
hope DelRosso's Prezi will be available after
Im on some more shit .
Fuqq a niqqa money make me cum !
I used to have a motorcycle license, many years ago.
When it was a lot simpler.
Are you going to commute w it?
Be safe.
lmao not a damn thing, gonna need some flyers soon hoe bag
make dat ass clap  some black chick in my math class always says that to me
I completely agree!
I think the chances they've been given are amazing, but at the end of the day, their health comes first.
i thank all the people that stuck with me all my life and im happy i met some great friends  Hughes i love my true friends
definitely going 2 watch ;D
I use tweets 4 advertising our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
An inspired  lively VIP dinner with other presenters tonight.
Great socent community both near  far!
Yeah.
If we're in an alternate universe where bad means good!!!
GOT HIM
Lol oh no!
Okay, I had to move the baby.
I couldn't stop thinking about the chips and cheese from Pepitos
haha what a joke.
Nobody has ever heard of Matt Wieters?
Looks are more important than what's on the inside, if they don't look good then people dont get close enough to know what inside!
Way to jinx it
I love song Let Me Sign by Robert Pattinson
So supposedly the Antique Archeology van was spotted in creighton today.
My son is upset he didn't see Frank  Mike.
so tomorrow we can right?
you ever get my dm?
i think you're gonna like it joeit's really funny: let me know what you think when it starts back up!
VAT is automatically added, all other tax types need to be included in sub pricing.
thanks for the mention!
Make sure to doctorp by our launch gathering 7:30 tomorrow eve
as the election nears the racist bigots and hate mongers start to show their ugly faces...
...PlayersWeNeedToTrade Nunez, Garcia, possibly Hughes...Come on...if we trade all who bad...Cano...Tex...ARod...no team..

yep!
It was a great game.
I'm just a little apprehensive about Indiana.
They played us really well during regular season.
lolol : RT : I just ran into a guy who says i dont do it myself
Nice  thanks!
Im getting a sweet deal from  Klout!
BlueflyHookedMeUp!
who says that you don't use real math in the real world?
As of right now, I only respect one person on that team and that's Rondo.
That awkward moment when the cashier is trying to scan your coupons but they dont work.
You heard here first  Wes is your boy!
Me: Have you seen the matter sexy today?
You: What's the matter sexy?
Me: Aww, I'm fine, How about you?
New york, what is up with the seethrough shirts?
4th one today.
Received your email and replied.
Hopefully those suggestions work!
:
Have a new professorle pic:
call the crib in a hour I got you .
I'll finish up what you need live
nice asses
just watched Cyberbully...wow..
Just testing the waters, but what if Xtreme Trampolines had TShirts?
Anyone think that would be cool?
If I setup multiple twitter accounts, then I can argue with myself.
One account for each voice in my head....
That's a lot of accounts.
Yes, definitely!
Snookie's Womb
Good morning, Chattanooga.
What's for breakfast?
South Carolina?
I'd expect more from Sachin.
HEY CBUS...
what's going on outside?
They call it sunshine, now picture yourself out playin' in it.
www.gokickball.com/columbus
If you have a disco ball dm me ASAP.
I love chris browns song turnt up the music!
Its the UK top 40 number 1 !!
3
Big spot for Inge here...
People magazine please!
:D
Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance.
Getting a few copyrights.
About to start submitting my new spec scripts.
I am wondering if anyone has visited michaelmoore.com to view Slacker Uprising.
PLEASE REQUEST :TASHA LAND ASA FRIEND FOR MORE INFO REGARDING PAGEANT WARS AND ALL OTHER UPCOMING PAGEANTS!!!
damn i didnt know i could make some good ass beats like this
Dude at Karaoke doing More than Words.
I'm in tears.
Acting today w/ after months of legal doctorma and winning in court yesterday.
Glad to be back on set and have my life back.
:
First in Young writers!!
thats a good perspective right there...
MimiGooner people subbed off for match fitness don't usually go straight down the tunnel when subbed

doctorke Headlines.!
3
like july probably!
Main character immunity be damned with this many walkers, good god.
Just saw my 1st McCafe.
Nice stuff.
OMG, 100 copies of the same email from Make it stop!
Since Adam Yaych from Beastie Boys has died today from cancel.
I'm listening nothing but beastie boys music in remembrance of him today!!
i wanna love somebody!
TIGERS BE TIME?
Nope.
STILL TIGERS TIME?
Nuhuh.
TIME STANDS STILL and TIGERS BE STILL?
Yes!
There are tickets remaining!
me too : hey JohnsonandJohnson U all should be sponsoring our Vania King!
she is a wonderful person  an Awesome Tennis player
Me: I'm thirsty..
Mom: doctornk some water.
Me: I don't want that..
Mom: You not thirsty then.
All blue hair chicks didnt dye their hair they got squeeted on by little smurf people.
No wonder why they are such BITCHES!
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be
I'll give some credit, that new commercial with Sir Charles Barkley is pretty damn funny
wanna see one of my doctorwings?
i swear it didin't come from the internet it came from my room and my sisters paper lol
With prayer all things are possible.
Rick thanks so much for your tweet really appreciate it.
This will be our first special meal when we get to Oz.
Thanks, for the inspiration.
Hit me up for info on Tonight for  8588229360!
Guest List or Bottle Service.
Shoutout to my bro Chris who is in Paris right now, see you when you touchdown in Nap in a couple of weeks
The hubs bought a new motorcycle yesterday.
Translation: I am now sick and fucking tired of hearing about motorcycles.
A heart in love hears music even when there is silence.
Tia Pilikian
I want to call the hoarder I used to clean for to see if she still lives in West Hollywood.
I'm pretty sure her voicemail is full though.
Fort wayne news: there was a fire blazin on green street 
I think I need to get some mood music for when I'm doing codeyear.
Any suggestions?
SOMEONE SHOUlD CALL ME...
I'M BORED OUT OF MY MIND!!!!
Check it!
is DJ'ng at Maduro w/ tonight.
I'm at Merchant  Homewrecker is at Natt Spil.
10pm
Super delicious, but a little stuck up.
Happy New Year!
Time to GTD!
You can't maximize the use of anything without proper instructions, why attempt to live this life without the word
First time I get to be home all day to catch up in literally weeks, and I have locked myself out of my UA account.
Awesome.
Can't seem to get twitter to work on my new phone SMH!
...But put that back.
That ain't yours.
Love it!
When someone says they're fat.But they're skinnier than you are.
I need to contemplate upon the tree of woe.
Thx!!
I would love to meet sum1 new.
hey if you are free meet uprights at moonshine
hey i've heard you're a big fan!
thank you ;
Watched Zombieland and Moon.
Z a lot better than reviews, M was best scifi in years.
must see Moon.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!7
Me too, but seriously, my cat gives me that look when I pet her, feed her, swish her teaser at her, let her lie on my lap...
The future depends on what we do in the present.
Mahatma Gandhi
When life is crappy and hope is lost watch an All Time Low interview they're so inspirational 3
Fifth sphinx moth of the month mysteriously appearing inside the same window, with no way in or out.
What gives?
How do u respond to a text that says...you choose to be single.
War doesnt decide whos right, just whos left
Is Being A Bitch!!!!
thanks man.
Let's just hope now that they make the practice squad.
Kindness is when you share half your orange after you've peeled it perfectly and you originally wanted to eat the whole thing.
hi, ihave a friend who can really sing but is shy about it what should i do
From 59 stop in to C.S.
to get 2 onetopping slices for only 5.
Or if you prefer delivery, get a 2 topping 16 pie for 13 tax not inc.
Looking up the word internet on the internet.
he has risen.
Oh wait, that's Easter.
Skip, are you staying in Denver for the game on Sunday?
what series ?
I'm trying to become more selfsufficient for the downfall of global capitalism.
I figure I can trade wirewrapped rings for food.
picked up some authentic nashville cowboy boots!
and now, mani/pedis and mimosas.
when did you become a writer?
we'd love to know.
write us!
I'ma leave u alone....u gud n da book fam lol!!!
Hope you enjoy your German Language and Culture day with Have a great time in Karlsruhe in May.
Hey everyone follow my friend she is awesome and fun to talk to anyone who followed her will get a shout out from me :
That speech that Tom just gave Lynette 
Thank you!
If you are emotionally upset and still manage to put a smile upon your face, That shows a hell a lot about you.
He was playing connect the dots now he's on Angry Birds
The holiday season is right around the corner, call us to book your party today at 617.437.0300!
i told him he was a scorpion woman
My professorssor just argued that not only is alan greenspan not a republican, he is a democrat...
HI Love your bio!!
Sketch 2 is promising a lot of features CS6 should have come with.
I can't wait to get my hands on a copy!
I got you, what's your booking email bro?
what is the scratch 60?
Happy Birthday!
Hold up.....
There is a Card Nation??
I'm confused.
Did the World Series of Poker change its name??
3V3 IS GIVING AWAY A FREE PAIR OF UNIVERSITY OF PORTLAND SOCCER GAME TICKETS TO THE FIRST 25 WHO EMAIL US AT
I'm right there with you re: stress eating.
So messed up, I want you here.
In my room, I want you, here.
Now we're gonna be facetoface and I'll lay right down in my favorite place.
Thanks for the mention, hope we get to meet you soon.
Not the biggest Bball fan but that was a great end to the first half
is the man!
Come dance with us tonight!
Clearly, how the hell do you not call that.
Did the ball just magically bounce itself 15 feet in the air?
Come on.
Happy nationalhonestyday....I hate you.
There.
Being honest :
I'm in a hospital next to a 95 year old man named Julius that makes no sense when he talks.
The following tweets are things he said
everyone wish a happy bday retweet it !!!!!!!!!!!
thats gonna be
The virus was n my Dell laptop.
Purchased an extra warranty of course my issue wasn't coverage.
I'm sure it will workout 4 u
Excited to be at the Womens leadership series.
Learning bout the Changing world of media
ben.
change your twitter password.
I think your account got hacked.
also, don't add random apps to the account either.
Gettin ready for a big sign painting gig this weekend and maybe fit in some skateboarding!Yeeee
We support keys and rate limiting, but if you feel comfortable managing the API part yourself a good fit for you would be
grr when's ur study hall?
Stolen from FB: Final interview as AZRep'er was with Diamondbacks HenryBlanco.
Standup guy, and a great role model and mentor.
DAMN SOME PEOPLE JUST NEED TO SHUT UP...
Oh no good.
Yeah it's POURING outside.
I hope this lightning stays away from me.
I know it's free pizza and I shouldn't complain, but sonofabitch, just gimme a slice a cheese.
Keep it simple.
Thanks it really took some thought ;
a big web?
Cause if that were to happen and I were invited, I would 99.99999999 chance do it Lol
: You're welcome!
Best of luck w/the event!
Stream of consciousness: Sit down  free flow around the doctorms for 5 mins.
Create melodies, textures using speed, fills  grooves.
Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction.
Anne Frank
Crazy that I was up way earlier today/Saturday than I was all week, yet had a crazy productive week : I could get used to this!
Memberships??
Please contact Head professorssional Ann Bloomfield or Director of Golf Becky Iverson for more information.
6082441822
she would think I've lost my complete mind...lmbo!!!
: it's more for my Pool.
Tommy d and i can win It all out of 350 people of next weekend goes right.
Body is sore from the free workouts at FitLife yesterday but I'm loving it!
only seems fair right?: cc
Nothing like a little Joan Jett on the way to the boat.
Happy Saturday
agreed.
If ur not excited about Prometheus, you're letting the terrorists win.
We just now found out that when we pass you in traffic, you're just pretending not to be using your cell phones.
You sneaky little dirtbags!
Check out Orpster.com if you love fantasy football...we promise you wont regret it...coming soon my friend.
Like us, tell friends
I read that before, I'm just really frustrated.This just feels like a move backward to many of us.
You have to try our 'Poki Delight'.
Not only it looks fantastic, but also tastes heavenly.
Have you heard about the Rampture?
It's a prequel to the sequel Carmageddon 2.
Coming this June to Los Angeles.
My room is like 926252949261658875Ï€C  that doesn't even exist so you know how fucking cold it is.
there's always the postwork hookerblowpipefest?
Bad bitches only
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs and Big Boss BBQ Sandwiches
lemme just say, I love Adam and maroon 5.
He could sing dirty nursery rhymes to me ala Jamie, and I'd love it
What a gresat event!
Thanks to all we met there.
Sorry we missed some of you!
I Hate Those CVS Checkout Machines!
Them Shits Never Be Working!
Always Says Assistance is On the Way  then someone takes Odee long to come
Who remebers when played Sarah McLaughlin's I Will Remember You on Saturday?
I'm working on getting a group of people to do it.
I feel like such a pedophile for watching high school cheer leading on ESPN2
The only man a girl should ever trust is her daddy.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you catch somebody looking at you, look away, look back...and they're STILL staring!
: /
It's practically impossible to look at a penguin and feel angry.
cant wait to see you on the big time summer tour, your very talented.
:
:Just watched Spiderman on Broadway.was rather enjoyable.
I wouldn't mind one of the suits but they're quite tight.bit risky
Got some supplies for etching.
I've worked with ferric chloride, and I'll be working with electricity soon.
Probably test it in few days.
YeahILoveThat my mom turns up the volume whenever is on the radio.
C:
I don't think I won...
I'll be back to my old job on Monday.
Dancing for ones at the Blue Iguana...I mean, sitting at a desk
I appreciate the support
Perry sucks as max RT : Rick Perry will unveil the rest of his economic plan on Tuesday 11am in South Carolina.
Have fun with the experiment tonight!
I hope to be able to do a lockdown with you guys from the contest.
Take care man
Glad you made it down!
Having a good time so far?
:
Hi.
Ho hi ho it's off to work I go :
oh okay thaanks:
TruthIs I just spent about 20 minutes eating a bag of croutons.
how long did you tread?
I can't do that!
Never give up.
Beautiful girls
Thank you for the 2nd season of LostGirl and the 5th season of Eureka debuting back to back with awesome episodes.
Hahaha I don't hate you
knicks beat the heat and the C's crushed the hawks..
a good day in the
RT : NWCP is out in force tonight protecting trickortreaters, and also watching out for mischief and troublemakers.
Be safe!
lol okay yep
Uggh, ITC's account was hacked!
I wish it were so easy to lose 20 pounds!
Thank you to all of our followers who sent me a email!
I think my brain shut off at 4:00.
I know the office is closed, BUT MY WORK ISN'T DONE!
I need it to come back for just a few minutes!
....After iGet Something To Eat!
TEAMJUMP OVER EVERYTHING !
When you gonna park in front of the NYT on 40th St?
Whole paper would probably shut down if you did.
Let's do this!
haha I never got a call last night!
True life: freaked out when i ran into you last night loveyou!
Don't ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up.
G.
K.
Chesterton
Halligan's closing message to HubSpotters?
Feel free to snooze away, he says
We do not need socialized medicine.
What we need is a responsible generation of people who will follow the Constitution, and act on it....
my Christmas present just came in the mail  the box is huge.
it's up to my neck.
I already know what it is but I really wanna open it.
now.
I feel good!
Like sun is shining just for me Mary J Blige
Two on, one out...
Maybe the Brewers can at least close the gap a bit.
You clean up really really well.
And I had nothing to do with any giant posters theft.
I hope together we can crack the code
over Green too who played there a little last year when Weeks was out
I want chicken, I want liver, meow mix, meow mix, please deliver...
Look out for an email from us!
LEARN HOW TO USE A FUCKING ROUNDABOUT YOU PRIUS doctorVING DOUCHEBAG!
seems to think you make a wish at 10:10.
Lmao
Hollywood to Hollywood Contest Finals tonight 10:30pm!
Call 9549815653, mention ramon contest for tix!
Winner goes to LA aka Mexico Jr.
i can do skittles u but u aint speak to me today i da only time u goin to speak is wen i got candy
damn your syco!!
On that note, have a good night and sweet erotic doctorams.
:
BBBBBenny and the Jets!
Mine is Your Song and Don't Go Breaking My Heart!
I think it's pronounced Goodbye Mookie.
I have no groupies.
Can i just double up on the ginger ale?
One more bell.
Goodnight twits
My lame ass bro juss made a twitter lol go follow him
She was just as great LIVE!
Her tabata bootcamp kicked my butt!
: Ok, is it weird that I like to look in people's cars while riding the commuter bus?
It's so high up, just can't resist!
Check out the Live pics from our Latino Leaders Networking Event at www.facebook.com/HPNG.pros!
Great Christmas had fun with my family and got some cool presents merry Christmas everyone
AutoDealersAlbuquerque  When you buy your vehicle at Melloy Dodge, you can be sure of our commitment to quality and customer service!
what platform?
It feels like I haven't tweeted in forever!
OMG.
FollowForAFollow?
this is the biggest thing to happen since backpacks with wheels
Declined the xray and almostmissedmyflight because of this!
Unsure if it's worth the extra wait.
What do you think pat down or xray?
Great song!!
Welcome to CTown
Thought I'd have a easy time finding an Executive Assistant, but it's proving more challenging than I expected.
Time for plan B.
some people are more relationship management oriented.
they saw that act as a courtesy.
If you know anyone who's been to one of these seminars have them dm me I'm interested in hearing their experience before I fly to Boston
Want a great summerbeachbody ?
eathealthy and exercise year round!
North Carolina.
I want pasta
Idk what would make me angrier, someone disrespecting my mom, or someone calling me a fan, probablly that one
Some really fantastic authors are going to be at Wordstock this year!
I'm so excited!
3 i am listening to that right now
You know who I hate?
ijever.
well I dont even hate him, just when he talks shit about Austin.
there is an 18 show at juicy Jim's on the highland strip...
Thank you for the RT!
Welcome to Twitter!
nick, we love u.
Working in PR requires a critical business mind  an eye for creative ideation  strategy.
What will you accomplish on this upcoming warm, beautiful weekend?
If you like Fantasy Football...
you have to follow Listen to them every Sunday on Fox Sports Radio!!!
Graduates love the American Express Giftcards.
Purchase them upper level by the food court.
Great gifts!!!!
On a positive note, the only team doing well in this entire place is our opponents.
Wen makes your hair super soft and shiny.
It smells really good too.
It has no harsh chemicals.
Plus, it's so damn catchy :
sounds like the DJ is on point
oh yeah Flipping Out is on tonight.
Guess I'm not going to bed for at least an hour!
this Flyers/Devils reminds me of the Badger Tourney in Milwaukee, Christmas 2001.
I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref!
Tornadoes: Hope my family is safe in Dallas.
WHO THEY TRY'N 2 FOOL WITH NO KID LEFT BEHIND BUT WE STILL 14TH IN MATH AND 13TH IN SCIENCE OUT OF 15 COUNTRIES...SO WE BASICLLY STILL LAST?
Eva Longoria and Beyonce were both on covers.
I agree overall, more diversity on mag covers is a must!
The need of the hour is to build the intellect.
Start the process by thinking, examining and questioning every moment, every facet of life.
Looking for some crime
Donna Summer Dead  Disco Legend Dies After Battle with Cancer
Going to go see at radio city!
Shoutout to Thanks for the Follow!
Have a great day!
:
thank you :
RT : .
at TED: We should stand between what we see and we hope for.
I really hope we shut Chane up...
If my boy Rick at FORMA helps you wit your campaign, will you stop asking me about TLR?
They right big checks Lon.
Rethink this.
MLB network showing Randy Johnsons perfect game in Atlanta
pricing changes often so we don't have a set list, but we're working on making it accessible for the public!
Clearly the Badgers have been inspired by my addition to the media corps.
Not sure I'd take those odds, though.
hi there!
I like that.
...that's what she said?
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.
But this wasn't it.
Groucho Marx
What's todays game plan?
I miss
The RepeatReceipt App launches 3 weeks from today!
Get ready for
are you part of the wedding or naw?
Not getting my hopes up, but trying to stay positive.
BIG congrats and HUGS!!!
Guess I'll be going to bed early with a good book today :
naked granola girl sounds more like a folk song but what do I know...
;
i wanna cherry  grape limeade slush from sonic
My fish speaks to me.
It was so great!!!!
Family and friends are such a blessing and help with stress : How was your trip?!

on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer  5:30pmCST.
Boom!
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better 3 8
presents Trill Forever feat Lil Boosie Greatest Hits doctorps next week !
FreeBoosie Mixtape Cover made by  !!!
Yeah, we're out of here!
Wait, how much?
RT : Just in time for Clemson and FSU to leave for the Big 12, right?
Right??
my main twitter is slowly devolving into the pungle twitter, so i'm prepping this twitter for my personal account 
What's my excuse?
RT : 9 out of 10 gynecologists agree, the quality of my tweets is directly related to week of my cycle.
NSF Cyberinfrastructure Task Force on Grand Challenges a must read.
i love gay dudes they are so funny and so much fun RT if you agree
nice pun.
I like it.
Right up my alley.
Tierdd guess ill go to bed nightt
FancyFancy Tomorrow Downtown With the Boyfriend3
Guess where I am?
We will be working on our Summer class schedule over the coming weeks.
Our Twitter followers will be the first to know when its online :
Did he just say this is Allen's 16th NCAA tourny?!?!
Everybody needs money.
That's why they call it money.
Kansas City Missouri
it's sad Jango Fett never made it out of the Arena league he coulda been valuable to the
Just an amazing night last night, we will have a few pics up later today from our friends at Phoenix Productions!
When people yell uncontrollably while working out.
no no.
Not an IU show
My phone dieing
Thanks for the love!!!!
Happy Mothers Day,Colette!
Your videos are so inspiring  I really look up to you!
Have a nice mothers day!
ONE WORLD LMFAOooooo
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
Ralph Blum
Ball don't lie....that wasnt no foul
Best scene in eclipse: the meadow scene
What's up follow me bro.
It's your boy Akil.
Family just enjoyed tremendously our first visit to Marrakech Cafe in Westport.
Outstanding food!
We inhaled it.
Definitely will return.
There are girls with boobs as big as shopping bags, I wonder how they get through a door...
.99 fish taco's at Leonardo's in PB.
Looks like a hole in the wall, but actually quite tasty
Gas Prices at 4.85??
Suck it.
GIVE ME A SIGN HIT ME BABY ONE MORE TIME.
Prepping for SXSW.
Any shouldn't miss recommendations?
I'm talking Interactive.
Not music.
Frankie's pic is too cute!
:D
Busy day of hair Now off to Sunset Park to do hair and makeup for shoot with,busy!
yeah just a wee bit cold hey, I have nuts Lolololol
Can't wait until this afternoon to do some program planning.
What Is Our World Coming To First Kony Now That Nigga Who Killed Trayvon What's Next..Adults Selling Their Kids For doctorg ?
Uggghh....not tired buhh' can't wait to qo to dha movies with my boyfrriend....
shit that's not the new BBQ joint is it
Omgee, Leap Year melts my heart.
Hell no.
Making emails for mobile: stacked instead of column, buttons w/ space around them instead of text links, 640 pixels scales to 320.
absolutely wild to think about.
Nailed the MLS admissions interview.
Just need to polish off some paperwork and I'm golden.
I love me some Fast  Furious : finally watched Fast Five!
Two words AWE SOME!
beginning the day's exploration of San Francisco's music scene
Sagittarius Do not try to invade their space because they are claustrophobic in nature.
Thank You!!!
RT : Added.
Good luck.
smiles
yeah I wish!
Still have finals next week :/
Man, Hosmer needs to get jumpstarted.
Even if, gulp, that means heading back to Omaha.
There, I said it.
loads fine for me
BUT the real question is...
Bieber over Nickelback?
A Copeland Portrait is a piece you'll hear at our July 10th concert.
Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
today has been interesting...
Happy Mother's Day !
I'm tweeting big hugs  kisses to you  the whole family!
XOXO
Hard doctorve throwing errors, last backed up my music in March.
Crap.
Hope it holds out long enough to get one more backup finished...
And to think, was my first Cinderella.
Lets go celtics!
Its an amazing episode.
I work on the finale....Mcphee's performance is breathtaking.
45min SMASH time
Yikes!
At first I thought that said Demi Lovato.
Just discovered my lungs have been talking shit about my pancreas...Not cool, dude.
This is how tumors get started.
is a hot ghetto mess
: Gentle persuasion.
Check out an epic culinary conflict outside Conflict Kitchen 11a2:30p maÃ±ana.
May the best arepa win.
ala11 so convinced my cousin in nola to give me her jazzy pass free bus rides 4 me yay!!!
Thankful to conduct business in a truly great city with wonderful people.
Chicago!
We can do both of them for you.
Happy Follow Friday everyone
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
Hans Hofmann
As for me, I like to be Responsible and Independent and not have to rely on anyone but myself.
MyThoughts.
:
that cute
Wow, sounded like a bomb, turned out it was a doctornk doctorver totaling my car.
Chased after her T2 style, but the cops actually caught her.
Getting my windows tinted on my car today
definitely!
Will be an extension of his birthday that's the day before :
now that we are back in full swing...
back tweeting!!!!!
He definitely sounds like a character!
RT : Retweet if you're online so I can follow you
hi what would like me to buy you and give to you at the Boston/Connecticut/New York warped date
In 1912, movie writerdirector Richard Brooks was born in Philadelphia.
No wine today, but swing by for a taste of our February cheese of the month!
I was hoping Nickelback would appear.
Guys, it's far too early in the AM for this nonsense!
Go get rdy for wrk, please!
My top 4 comedic influences Will Smith,Martin Lawrence,Chris Tucker,Mike Epps
when in April?
Tonight was fun but scary.
Some guys maybe in their 30's tried picking us up O.e We ran all the way back to our friend's house.
Analysis: Critical illness  the pros and cons of partial payments An increasing number of critical illness providers are offering partia
This one
Thanks for including me in today's edition.
yeah, I used to be a self proclaimed coffee addict too.
...until my 30's came around  brought an acidic stomach to boot.
:
Tied game!!
Why did the Lions doctorft another WR with the first pick of the 2nd round????
We Need DB help!
addoctorss that first!!!!
not good.
Often means they don't respect the talent below them.
I think I don't have plans anymore tonight.
likes your use of our product!
Acronym?!
Eponym!
Ten times as awesome as they exclude the uninitiated ten times as well: even expanded, they give no clue.
just the name scarlet makes me aww at joy, scarlet itself its just an amazing name i wouldnt name it because of her hell naw
Doh!
Our bad, wrong handle!
You can also reach out the CEO who's super helpful.
Don't kill downtown!
Las Vegas Review  Journal
myideaofhell would be the eternal damnation to stir a vat of mayonnaise in an empty warehouse while Kenny G blares over the loudspeaker.
Worst thing they've put in in years, that stupid block/charge arc.
Refs use it as a crutch rather than a tool.
It's gotta go.
Good morning everyone, damn is hot outside already!
ymcmb I just finished a 3.33 mi run with Nike GPS.
Exciting raffle prizes today!
Trip to Vegas.
Kings and Dodger tickets and more!
damn right im bout it.
Magic is a certified dickrider cuh...
ive had many apply products honestly ill pass i prefer andoctor but thank you
U shouldnt assume there will be neg reaction to techy innov by staff/customers.
Try and see, you WILL be surprised if this s ur thot
classof2011 getting ready to kick it tonight like its our graduation
how do you think they can improve?
Very, very important information.

Discussions w/other TAs are way they are introduced to technology in their courses.
TEA PARTY CAUCUS.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3rd at the ELLICOTT SQUARE BUILDING 10/person Please see details below.
Trying to talk to someone about something serious and they want to flip shit, give half answers and etc,..
Aggravates me
awe yeah :
I'm focused on nothing but my
Undergraduates that live in LA County!
Need an internship?!
HDDT is hiring!
Email your cover letter/resume to !
Justin will make haters believe
What up oprah
Jessica Wyatt, on the stand in ID trial for her Dad, asked if she 'understands' the proceedings: 'Well I've seen Legally Blonde..
No.
That's what many gurus are preaching.
The more you write, the more you sell.
Today: Know someone who suffers from nosebleeds?
We compound a spray that will make it STOP!
Call 4126816400 or email to
I had one today too!
well seeing as you can't get to england, i will keep calling you james :p
When Life gives you lemons , Go chuck them at haters.
AskAlexConstancio do you see my tweets?
Yay!
RT : Ah day off tomorrow.
I'll spend it claying.
Yep yep yep.
Gotta increase my inventory before in Sept!
my friends John Heart Jackie just made it happen 2 months ago.
I better not wake up cranky tomorrow.
It starts sorta slow but once you get past the shortened first season it's ridiculously good.
a few years.
I do it just for fun.
:
Apparently I can't send you back a direct message because you are not following me....
so that makes me sad in my heart
Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
I seen Dalai Lama today!!!
Thank you Taelson L.
For every scary or spartan movie,they use deep voices.
Well its decided I have a new logo well at least starting a new one I now have a bass idea for one ProtoSkar
Fog is burning off  Ocean Beach here we come!!
There's no future in time travel.
if doctornking a whole bottle of vodka is wrong...then i don't want to be right
Where did you come from?
Tonight threads presents Brian Gillespie  Mike Trombley.
7midnight.
Free vinyl party, good times
Crazy last couple of days.
But luckily hubby is ok, had a collapsed lung.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
doctor Seuss
Communities are powerful tools, yet require commitment, nourishing and cannot be treated w a beginning and end
S/O to everyone graduating today!
Lucky bitches :
At end of a long day of writing I allow myself to glance at Twitter  find so much lively thinking on museums, educ, media.
Thanks!
Typo Chronicle
You suck more!
great event tonight!
I feel empowered!
Thanks for getting us all together in the same place.
Can't wait for next time!
Dear Kristen, i'd be smart of you to log out of twitter after you're done using my computer.
Love,
RT Google do a barrel roll Go ahead.
It's funny
tupac wakes up for a second to check if i'm there, then goes back to sleep, lol :
Always listen to your heart because even though it is on the left side it is always right.
Unknown; picked up on facebook
launch spotify  private session  can this be a default?
Damn im mad i cant go 2 prom smh
The book LeanStartup tells of Quicken bad product process, then improvement.
After 4 yrs sansQuicken, I'm giving Q2012 a chance
not bad at all.
Looking forward to vancouver.
Time to get running for melanoma at the backlot!
Hurray for a 5k!
So, who's up for giving this ol' gal a back massage?
my old boss keeps calling me because he wants me to work at the pool again.
and i'd love to.
but i already have a job.
is vending at Goth Prom TONIGHT
How many Merry Xmas Texts did YOU get YESTERDAY?
RT : I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like damn, they're still together?
:'
Cong.
,Chairman of Subcommittee on Railroad, Pipelines  Hazardous Materials and he will be speaking  the Convention!!
i cannot wait until thiis next month and half go by i really need summer vacation like asap :/
GO SHARKS!
Aw im really not.
you're too sweet though:'
All I want in life is to be best friends with 1D..IS IT REALLY TOO MUCH TO FREAKING ASK FOR?!?
i love you austin 
I give up on this stupid ass phone.
The keyboard is so messed up.
well I do like toned arms busted 
This bowling scene really kicks things into gear
Cool deal today!
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free!
Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
At work and majorly craving some Starbucks.
Oh boy
To the racists, spammers and bots flaming over any Trayvon Martin news: piss off.
So Sorry for your loss.
Yes !
Ms brown my home room teacher !
It's a sweatshirt kind of day.
100 on my physics math.
Now I only get half the credit.
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It!
on Twitter!
Nope, and I won't.
RT : did you pick up Keshawn Martin?
About to be in 36
We have the other one...
the only that ONLY covers FOX...
I hate it because it has crap movies.
MovieLic is more  but has more
Our entrepreneurs on CO are impressing SBA admin Karen Mills.
They are thoughtful and inspiring in their stories.
As had been expected, Facebook will debut on the Nasdaq tomorrow morning at a price of 38 per share .
What's that mean for you?
No
Use Google Adwords and Microsoft AdCenter to promote your website and start attracting customers within the hour..
Yeah 2012 and still TRUTH!
Thanks Season Never Ends :
You have the power to choose, stop blaming others for your situation.
Proverbs 13:20 EMPOWER!
Why did i start smoking?
Cuz i know you hate it.

a symbiotic relationship.
Wherever you see the healthiest environments for ideas, humans are usually thriving too.
Sure, give me a call sometime.
I'll be visiting the Bing this weekend, so maybe sometime next week?
The highlight for me today was working on An Unlikely Pair with Rosena Hill and Bryan Welnicki.
A nice addition for this production!
Absolutely!
RT : ...Hint: Real Neighborhood Watch volunteers are trained NOT to run after people, guns ablazin'.
I feel so privileged!
: love you Moo!
I'm home and I did everything I was supposed to do today.
Now I'm going home to spend time with Jake and Ang so I can recharge and relax
Start your day off right with a mimosa, a tall Bloody Mary and a delicious brunch buffet.
Red Sky is at 16 North St Boston
Can I submit multiple entries?
100 words isn't enough..
body is suddenly sending pain and soreness signals from last nights' three hour dancing marathon :/
Can't sleep...
I love TheWanted!
I think they are all cute!
Ra!
: RT : Nearly screamed outAMEN!
: Women need to lift as we climb, great point by mom2summit
Houston We Have A Problem.
is consistently amazed at the kindness of others  great way to start a day.
mister jaswal walking down hallway brandishing a huge pair of bolt cutters.
time for some breaking and entering?
no comment!
Went swimming with the boysother kids.
Lol day well spent with the
You're over it, so everything is okay.
Shortsleeve warmup jackets are the new Spanjans
you did?
where?!
Americas team  start following
Did you stop over?
I never run into you!
u should make an attempt to follow the ones that follow u.
Before the request to follow others
my window's open and I see my dog jumping on the table outside, and all I see is her falling.
LOL
you should have on Ridiculousness!
fat girls love ankle tats.
Boortz thats my line of the day!
Lol
Hes just like the weirdest dude ever on skates.
No idea what he is trying to do sometimes.
The hair is like back to the future
School makes me so tired
How do i get in trouble for wearing leggings but all the girls who expose their ass whenever they bend over don't?
want to write a rebuttal or response to Slate on this?
:
where is Gail Collins????!?!
sadly no!
no invites for us.
:
: I'll be happy to help.
I cant stand ppl lyk that.
The same thing happened to my bff whos lyk my sister Hes in the hospital
Welp time to study for exams.
Which are 25 of the semester grade.
DGHAFIUODGHERJKGHERWIOAGH REALLY.
A friendship founded on business is a good deal better than a business founded on friendship.
John D.
Rockefeller
She said to read Burke impressionistically.
At James hunter birthday party
So that's what you call it.
: Russell Westbrook loves him some Russell Westbrook.Yes he does, but he hates to pass the ball!
u have to cutest accent ever!
And i like ur musician talent!
Any other instruments uk how to play?
DC  : Pondexter  Brackins are OUR bitches now.
sounds like a great workout.
i love u sis ; ALL BETTER
camera adds ten lbs tho lol so I look slimmer face to face
Honoring doctorm.
: Bill Raggio, one of true greats of Nevada politics, has died...never see another like him in this state.
RIP.
Pish posh.You San Fran peeps live with real frights like earthquakes.
Thunder's just cheap, harmless entertainment!
Please it 11:11 follow me?
And I just said I hope you come true!333
Aiokya is still looking for a job is virgin having another hiring?
hope to see u on the rest of the tour!
bgv singer
Agghhh just wanted to send the crew off with a sweep before this tough road trip of 9gms in 10 days!
Hope they don't come home under .500
I'm sexy and I know it :
I have to study..see ya later everyone :
Cracks, doctorps, spills, lost or stolen......its happens to the best of us!
Is your phone protected with U.S.
Cellular's Device Proctection?
This is my 3rd time getting stiches this year .
In Honolulu.
About to board plane headed to Guam...
New recipe: Kefir smoothies!
you have such a big heart we love you hillary 3
Dang it.
Mavs.
Well....another first Round playoff exit after a trip to the finals.
No bueno.
wow, I miss him and its only been a couple seconds :/
RT : A Cancer thinks about how well you will fit in with their family and friends before they let themselves get close to you.
So thankful for assignments and being in tune with my spirit and truth.
The answers are truly already in front of us.
EVERYONE IS ONLY THINKING BOUT
RT : If the Lakers lose, doctor Buss is gonna hit Mike Brown with that Chris Hansen have a seat look on Monday.
RT Sitting in these briefings got me wanting to doctorp an act like I'm having a seizure LOL!
SAT word of the day: rescind to take back, repeal
That's a actual gym?
I thought that was a Dodgeball reference...lol
Hahaha RT : Even Metta World Peace got tired of the game...
Is living the life.
:D
I knew I should have put some jeans on before coming to this practice.
I'm gonna miss a lotta people I don't really keep contact with but oh well
are you gonna watch the sex tape?
Yes!
And please share!
RT : yes the BROWNBAG is today.
i Will take good notes.
SO DOES steaming Florida Novel PYTHON by Carina Nolan Simmering and Slithering Have partner with you it's too hot to handle
Inge keeping tweeters busy....again
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!
A Day!
8
Vikings will get their stadium...then we are just going to hear about Target Center being old
where's my boy Lucroy???
aaaawwww.
so cutee3 oh yeah and the koala is too.
;D
With age comes wisdom, maturity, and an appreciation for using the color white
Yes me and my partner both have a Twitter account.
Maybe animal rights activists when they attack researchers' homes?
Depends on your definition of terrorist, I suppose.
RT  Miami Dolphins QBs and healthy shoulders.
Catch Bride Flight a sweet period piece postWWII if you want to go on a trip!
Excellent work.
Dutch film set in New Zealand.
captainvating!
Does anyone else think the Brewers look adorable in their little hoods tonight?
Hehe
Snow?!?!
What's going on here?
I thought we were in the middle of winter?
Come on over  get a cup of Mint Meltaway to deal with this snow!
Whats your best tip for squeezing in a lunchtime session?
Things are going well!
You and Don must have attended the same conf.
Great blog today!
Thanks!
Just got home from listening to mixes for the new record.
So excited.
And so thankful to be working with Mike Zirkel.
Thank the lord, Iggy came up clutch and hit his free throws.
76ers moving on.
LETS GO
Thanks everyone for checkin in on me.
Surgery went great, doc says the bones look great!
Tired and my wrist hurts like hell, but I'm good.
The Teleprompter Crack'd
That akward moment when your dancing in traffic and the car next to you just stares...
You are the fire on my apartment floor.
Sixteen stories, I'd rather burn than fall.
is hosting BloggerBuzz today, 23  Bandits.
Free food  doctornks
Super Bowl Sunday tomorrow!
Patriots or Giants?
If you keep knocking on the Devil's door you better be prepared for somebody to answer.
you were Derrick's girl
Can't wait for our show in Austin on October 15th!
Should be a great show!
So it's pretty much just me and my mom.
My grandma is just....
A lost cause!
At the end of the day what it really comes down to is can you vote for a posh toff with bad hair?
Great cause and cute dog!
RT : Good job Budweiser for making a special mention of a rescue dog!
11:35 accordign to the time stamp on your tweet.
I love country music.
3
put some ice on that If you can
Oh..
Wait..
Lemme See Ya' Phone , Cus All Them Bitches Is Ratchet.
Don't Let Me Get In My Truck , Cus AWL Them Bitches'll CATCH IT.
Ashley is so annoying ugh
Motherfucker i forgot to put a sports bra on .
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x5
same here, though the app process doesn't seem too rough  maybe we'll see each other there!
tonight went from bad, to so much fucking worse.
SOMEONE FUCKING SAVE ME.
CAN I PLEASE MOVE TO TENNESSEE NOW.
Back in the c rock sorryforpartyrockin for 72 hours let's go
e.t.
phone home
Koch bagboy Walker's policies have made Wisconsin 1 in the nation...in job loss.
It's funny how I'm older than you, but still you think you can beat me?
Hmm, go somewhere?
i followed u plz follow back thxs u rock!
LOL michelle  and o ilove the bajans their accent is tops xD!.
ill take u
hate to say.
Now we can get a fair shake wit personnel and picks
have to wonder what an ice cream truck is doing out in october....
The new Astrid looks like Twitter!
Her sex doctorves me crazy
Damnittt I forgot to wear my track jacket today
It's a punk move when people are serious and try to cover it up with jk.
NOO..say what you mean and mean what you say.
I actually missed him, cant wait to see his face...
Today is the day :'n all day
Actually, I'm a woman and very proud.
o.0 Hubba Hubba!!
Yep!
Don't think u put that on tl, that was one of the places I looked earlier to see if I missed it lol
Fundoctorising  marketing for a nonprofessort are tied together.
Both should know how to think giving AND PR, trust, transparency, social media.
One of those games where you think, Hey, if they can be in this game playing this poorly, they should win the series.
Or am I crazy?
HEYY GUYS?
is Cody following you?
No?
Then go tweetfollow !!!!
She'll help you!
But only the first 10 ppl get in!
SO GO!
Yay Thank you!
It really grinds my gears to see prolife folks call women murderers and label prochoice folks proabortion.
Oh!
saw the Dallaswb promos and I'm lookling forward to the 2.0 version
That's the second time one of our guys have been pushed out of bounds.
Hard news is going to be really hard for reporters to find today, perfect for getting free publicity.
Take advantage of this Thanksgiving!
In case you fogot KISSpdx is THIS FRIDAY!
Can't wait for a super fun day with amazing pdx women  a restful night at the Nines!
Another warm January night.
Quite different from last year's snowstorm.
Come OUT  grab a Fruit Smoothie  our 50 OFF deal on ALL Tshirts!
Happy Birthday!!
Shew, now my eyes are all puffy  stuff.
Time for bed 
Ok I better just leave shit is getting intense lol Gn bitches.
your tweet just gave me anxiety but my coupons will have to wait till tomorrow.
Perverts, don't take my last tweet wrong : sincerely, me.
Glad my singularity could bring you some brevity.
:
Just like the clouds, my eyes will do the same if you walk away Everyday, it will rain, rain, rain
Good luck and God's speed with your recovery, You will be missed, but hopefully you'll be back soon
Neato, my computer is on a 5second delay like Brandi Glanville on an episode of WWHL.
Saved your life!
nowplaying Deepest Cut Get Scared
who wants them house of blues tix mayne?
april 13 with 15 bones.
Guys just shouldn't disrespect a lady!
Period.....
LeVar Burton: In pursuit of something larger that ourselves, we should come hard to the table
this may be true, but it's not like we gave you anything important to us.
We have so many low picks we can make it rain with em
So I'm watching Dark Shadows...this girl pulled the sheet off of a ghost and stood there like everything is all cool....
milky white Ralph Lauren Polo cargoes...
linen...
Damn, this bee story is all over my feed now.
Okay, save the bees, the yummy veggies, etc.
I'm a beephobe, but I'm a team player.
OMG really R U kidding me!!!!!
I have no clue..
Charisma on Level 4 plays with me.
Does this vintage UA spice cabinet deserve the grand prize or do you have a spice cabinet that would blow this out of the water?...

maybe some playbyplay reports.
.
.
: Hey friends, if your in Chicago, stop into and try some of their famous pasta, u wont regret it / Thanks!
why in the world would Victoria's Secret not have Saints in their line?
See you all tonight for our Elite party at SPiN Milwaukee!
Ping pong, appetizers  cash bar, here we come!
Kobe needs 38 pts for scoring title.
gives Kings 8 chance for under.
I say 17 if Artest elbows Kobe in pregame huddle
Really enjoyed 's talk on Chinese meme culture as a method for dissidence.
Homophones FTW
what a great shoot at postmodern today!
Looking forward to edit day 1 tomorrow!
Better than watching A Serbian Film, which I watched tonight, which will give me nightmares.
Off to Philly to see the last glickman graduate from Penn!
It's odd bc I could've sworn was 6 years old.
cc:
Free social network promo on my professorle.
Works great for follows.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
:
Someone pointed out that I just finished my last group meeting for school.
Bittersweet.
But mostly sweet.
should be me.
I answered that eli threw all of the touchdown passes.
technically right
TOROS GAME 2MORROW NIGHT :30!
Come cheer on Toros against the LA Defenders in the NBA DLEAGUE FINALS!
We're going 2 the ship!
Thanks for the FF!
We heart U too!
;
When you love someone, you should treat them the way you feel.
because sometimes saying it, isnt enough.
apology accepted..lol
Excuse my lingo when i call you hoe but bitch u know i talk like that
Come to Eisenhower Library before 10 p.m.
tonight and take an important library survey.
Free coffee and the chance to win an iPad 3.
if that's a great song, you've never heard one
hey!
How r u?
U getting for your Vegas vaycay later this summer?
are you out of school yet ?
I need your advise !!!
I really do !
Ibuprofessorn I hope!
Its a miracle : RT : Thank u 800 mg for helping me out today!
: God isn't interested in our perfection, He's interested in our SUBMISSION.
// VCAllstaffLiveTweet 
okay, so we missed the turnover/mistakes that changed the outcome of the Patriots and Broncos game, but not Buffalo.
Denver wins period..
Music choice is so important.
'We are young' made that chevy ad for me!
Can we please fire Spaz at halftime?!
Dear makeup artists / hair stylists we have lots to share in social networks so please DO NOT POST YOUR OLD WORK over and over ...
Thanks!
all you have is me and that's all that i can be; i'm sorry if it let you down.
You house should inspire, our schools should allow us to learn better and our offices should foster productivity.
lol I don't remember names
hey luv!!
I sitting here watching the fight!!
How about you?
Lol
She's a star.
Hire her!
RT : Related: I'm looking for freelance writing and/or editing work.
I love that my credit cards nag me to go paperless, yet continue to send junk mail.
You're just not looking hard enough.
I texted Teorsky this morning cause he was no where to be found.
Ground floor.
Packers in talks with Browns on Colt McCoy trade.
what are you having for your entree?
a movie where me and u have sex and get married and have kids
why did I do that?
When do the guys come back!
Black people CANNOT be ashamed to demand Justice.
It is for All, is it not?!
I have to come visit you out there one day!
:D
Is there anything BUT compliments flying at you from my general direction?
You are my world, honeygirl!
Teaching amazing again.
Noting how over the years of teaching what was scifi in 1995 is now our world, so makes my job easier.
You at WHS today?
I'm coming in around 2!
I was about to come to your class and metta world peace that ass
why is it that I never want to sleep anymore?
IT'S FRIDAY PEOPLE!!!!
Thank you!
i think the most important stat that TBS throws at us is how many stats they throw at us.
What will happen with Max Siegel's company?
Max indicates it will continue without him.
I'm not convinced that will happen.

doctornking monster not even tired .
Losing Bestfriends And Idfc .
: 
yeah I've gone through so many at this point...
I used to use Trader Joe's plain soy protein, but I'm cutting back on soy
CELEBRATING LIFE!!
SMILES..DNICOLE
TY all I was a BASKET Case worried about my Fam an Friends n Henryville!
omg you were on new girl the episode is on right now.
I just met a guy with aspirations of having his own restaurant.
So far he's just as sweet as your character in
Randomm but follow my great friend make her get 300 :
you always gotta go there lol.
Did you really used pleasure?
Can't believe its been 25 years since the NASA Challenger explosion.
I remember watching it with my Dad before school.
Where does time go?
I've added some new share features to the website!
Hope you like it  thanks for checking it out.
: www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
Ahh man......thx for the GL wishes!
Hopefully I can continue to run well!
We are infested with moths right now!
They're even inside my truck.
Anyone else having an infestation?
1DTOURUSA June 2nd Sect 103 row bb seat 12 If you could go back in time to meet one person who would it be?

Lol , Nah Not Really

Me: Mom, I'm adopted, admit it.
Mom: What?
Honey why would you think that?
Me: I'm the only sexy one in the family, explain that!
haha Nope but i've seen stuff I wear in there.
I get my stuff way cheaper online :
you're mexican so your voicebox would be like mexican food  stephanie adem
New doctorid, starting to think maybe iPhone next time?..
whahah u do to!!!
It's such a beautiful name!!
funny thing is, i used to call you my bestfriend..
looks like highschool really does people..
You guys don't know how bad I want/need an iPhone..
FF Follow our European Team for updates, events and news on our European business!
I've got it all almost all figured out
MA Tip of the Day Try to detach yourself from the daily running of your business so when you sell, it will be easier to run without you...
Naa your hot.
So it's okay.
But only cuz it's on twitter
Mosley will finally show his age.
Possibly by tko
Gunna get crackin' at findin' a new job, this one is gettin' old!
oops, let's get the spelling right and try again.
Busy today with doctoramcruise travelers, Thank You All!
Hope you have a blast in the D.
thank you so much for that extremely hot picture of you signed!
You are so welcome!
Just booked June 8th for Woodfish  Planet Surf!
Spread the word!
: The old Tech was the best school  Shoutout to all my niggas that went to Tech when it was in the old buildingdead crackin
ok, glimmer of a glimmer of a glimmer.
Still, fun to watch them beat up the pens.
well we have had some long days.
Plus I am an hour behind u.
So I have been partying a couple of hours before u.
Lol
The pillars of Brand Equity : Credibilty Leadership Uniqueness  Relevance  if all strong doctorves referral  pricing power
I would text you and ask what happened, but I dont have your number!
:
Watching Dignan with Nicole :
outfits are hard to choose for guys.
You don't know the work we put in to make us look this nonchalant.
william dis wanted me to ask you are you goin to atl today???
ANYONE KNOW ANY GOOD/CHEAP LIMO RENTALS IN SEATTLE FOR 22 OR MORE PEOPLE FOR 5 HOUR?
Please help
yes yes yes!
pull in awesomes for
I wish school was over right now!!!
No, haven't seen anything since I've moved abroad.
Did you enjoy War Horse?
Hope all is well with the 2 little ones.
I love the Blonde roast best.
BCEagles RT : Waiting for Frozen Fest to start...
oh no!
wonder if he saw the fb postings.
maybe he just wants to be more incognito.
to better fight crime, ya know.
I believe we are :
Check out the /mindlessbehavior list!
Shawty give me all tht brain and still ain't learned shit
Looking at doctorft results and looks like Matt Millan is still doctorfting for the lions!
i see yall doin yall thing tho man.
Im proud of yall.
Much succes, u kno i always got yall back in this game
It's also a rite of passage to um, coexist successfully with the lacrosse camp.
:
ever heard of the date rape doctorg?
Yeah.
They do look good..they gotta squad
If you want to see change, you've gotta BE CHANGE
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent On Feminine Designs!
One look at Saivana 's Ashley doctorss with it 's gorgeous pale aqua color, roma
is boarding the USS Cod, a WWII submarine.
: Not on that day.
We talked about the history of the planet and life.
Had a great workout ran 5 mies
Attempting to sneeze with my eyes open....
Naw We smoke good on the Hill RT : Oakhill hoes smell Like fifty I kno y'all weed man 
Love your huge target ad
now presenting the 1st part of our 3part 'Focus on the Customer' webinar
My cell phone still not ringing :/
billions of people hate that damn sealed plastic packaging and yet...
there are still there in your neighborhood store :
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ?
D: 3 i am waiting 5
Wow, I just tweeted a
Thanks!
Just used it in a video shoot this am and it was a REAL hit!
to make them feel like shit
nice seeing you yesterday.
Looking good:
Editing complete.
Revisions complete.
Time to copy and submit.
I ONLY HAVE TO PAY 100 OF FRANK'S DAMAGES.
BAM!
Can the Brewers carryover a few runs from last night's game?
sure did.
Jamaican parenting.
I listen to orders and seethe quietly.
I will send your request to Erin at Naturally Declicious Vending to see what she can do!
RT : Milwaukee want a slice of pizza the size of your head?
Come get some for only 1!!!
your voice is golden.
Me: Babe I'm going to have my tonsils removed.
Him: does that mean my dick will go deeper?
reallife conversation.
I'm so tired, I need to stop downloading music!
Lmao
haha you are dead on!!!
Love what your doing as well!
CreativeCloud trying to hear this  I got dogs barking sheesh
nice icon
hey hey hey watch what you say about americas pasttime
I saw your Interregnum promo.
It was very you.
:
devil animals
what does this do to the Boilers heading forward?
Anybody know how to unfavorite something you accidentally favorited?
Coughing so hard my ribs are hurting
Now for my most hated part of Union Station: getting a cab after midnight.
I hate being stuffed together with strangers.
I want a white suit
we are working on something, we'll post it once the details are worked out.
haha,hm..I would have to look and think about it.
I just saw breaking dawn yesterday!:D
Few of the many wise apothegms which have been uttered have prevented a single foolish action.
Leaves don't even have dicks so I don't see the point of leaf blowers.
Maybach Anniversary Event on March 31st.
We will be giving out free ME shirts for the night.
Stay tuned for more info.
I hate LaGuardia airport and lame taxi doctorvers.
Man.
Junior Seau killed himself.
Crazy.
Who could use an 81 Cauhe clamshell die cutter for under 80k?!
Subject to availability...lots of interest.
email soon!
you welcome followback!
...these fast young women do not marry quite as fast as they dance.
In the hymeneal race, we find them lagging behind.
have you checked out www.bwenetwork.com/books?
Great Full Body lift today w/ the Mens Team.
Since the LUNGE is the most functional movement in bball, we hit LOTS of lunge variations 2day!
rly.
see u soon
peyton's talk about austin.
my heart rn.
ok if you promote mine!
thanks!
: and no problem.
:D ill get him to sign my shirt and ill take a picture of it.
:
Loving the day with my buds cityisland..styling with the spring doctorss  sexy sandals.
United Plumbing Retaining Locally Rank for Internet Marketing  San Francisco Chronicle
I wish I could make you jealous...actually, I wonder if I've ever made you jealous
i wonder what is doing?
Effort.
Thats the only thing Im asking for.
Its so simple yet people make it seem like its so hard.
I feel like her language is taking off and suddenly she's understanding how to push my buttons : and boy is she fighting sleep
I wish that Twitter had a like feature!
What do you put in the Object for NPPA BOP?
Is this all automated this year?
baby I love, boyfriend you is sexi
its over.
awww that is so sweet!
we have one she can just have.
It's not a flat screen but its bigish and works great!
Shoutout to our new followers!
Next week we'll reveal projects for NFL  MLB teams so stay tuned for an immeasurable amount of awesome.
we wipe desks clean often with Clorox wipes and some antibacterial spray
...whereas Palmer Park deals with dilemmas with consequences on either path re: race, class, schools, neighborhoods, real estate.
Preparing to head to California this coming weekend.
Meeting with our newest client Allen's Flowers  Plants.
miss you when you're in with kids and I don't get a twitter summary!
Hulu interview 2 will be on Monday, so I can relax for the remainder of this evening and just focus on packing this weekend.
W/o doctor chaos will reign and no one will write any more...
Lies we are told sarah houghton
long island.
You coming to visit me?
I put on some fake nails I didn't think about not being able to play basketball with these things on :
S/O to for keeping The Crisis on rotation for the TX Buzz!
Much obliged sir
hey some friends of mine are gonna be in town for St.
Patty's day where are you and your supporters celebrating
I work hard but then I party even harder than most rockstars do these days!?
Got the first email from a lady who wants to audition for me ' show squeel!
I love pandora.
Keeps me stress free.
Whats in it?
Tell Em !
RT Headed to ST LOUIS !!
Wes poppin?
you always want coffee  and we can do that next week maybe.
Thank you for spreading the word.
How you been??
Arguing with a fool proves there are two.
Doris M.
Smith
Dear Annoying Person: Nobody likes you because youre fake like a 3 dollar bill.
Sincerely, Everyone.
Not putting top 100 restaurants online immediately is like putting more guns on the Maginot line.
he's a local no biggie..I see him at mcarthur and best buy all the time haaha
Detroit!
Haha I got the Ds mixed up apparently ;
I learned something new today.
Joel Rifkin is an alumni of SUNY Brockport
Why is it so hard for people to spend money on their health?
The same people you see in the malls overspending with no problem on things...
Hmm...maybe JayZ samesex marriage endorsement is already having a ripple effect.
oh sorry I forget they are linked.
lol thanks!
It was awesome
Hey yeah I'm in lobby about to head into LOLitics.
I cant figure out just what to do...when the cause and cure is u
oh sit my bad lmao
your infographics on secret republic are awesome.
Goodnight everyone..I love u  3
oh ok...
Can i ask u a personal ?
If you could spend one hour with any musical artist who would it be?
I also just learned that 2/22 is World Thinking Day.
Hope my dad call me with some good news
Keep an eye out on some of your favorite Comcast channels for our Best of the Bay Members 30second promos!!!!
RT : First up at ithaka2010 Daniel Russell, Google's point person for Search quality and user happiness on The Future of Search
I'm sure you rocked it!
:
Day 2 of agbt about to get started.
First up talks followed by clinical genomics.
good news was supportive turnout for Earth Day  answers to questions about whether we would get a permit in 2012.
Oh and good morning to all.
No one could ever make me feel this way...
RT : Sure I've been in love a time or two, but in the end I still chose you.
school is weird without ypu guys
Isn't it brutal that we have to wait so long for our season to start?
At least we can go watch their practices.
Thanks for the follow!
Love the symphonic metal!
I was just gettin home ain't had my phone ALL WEEKEND , 4rl , but hey look at it this way at least I didn't forget ;
chipotle going up this friday?
you ok there cone?
Seen Crafton knock the hell out of ya there
Just realized that I ate no Easter candy all weekend.
What is wrong with me?
We're looking forward to your visit!
Swear I Hate Hoes...
I got you ; and Im sending the love back at you 3 lol
Ravi surveyed Jane Restaurant in New York.
its pretty good, surprisingly
This has gone everywhere and I just wish I knew what was really right for me.
Goodnite everybody!
Tonight is the last time I go to bed as just a dude....TOMORROW I WILL BE A DADDY!!
Help for people with longterm conditions  Mansfield Chad
Aww: RT : : IF YOU ONLY HAD 5 LEFT WHAT WOULD YOU SPEND IT ON?!?
AskAlex a bible :
I still think you could have shown my many loved characters in one final battle, regardless of ending.
UGH!
Whoa.
Books are so much cheaper on my kindle!
I'm loving it!
How is everyone today?
No more nice Haley!!
Just blew up the neighbor kids for being in my doctorveway for like the 500th time.
Play somewhere else!!!!
it must be StarWarsDay  I want to Chewbacca some people out
They should compile all his errors.
Ok, I think I filled in the remaining blanks.
But I don't have the knack for proposalese that you do.
and they still havent announced kh3  hopefully soon lol all the spinoffs are ok but we need a main one again
babe!
You can't just say those kinds of things!
;D lawls
not fighting.
MEAT.
Alex Presley with an insidetheparkhomerun on the first at bat tonight against the Cards.
LetsGoBucs :
Is this in St Michael's?
Rednecks from Kentucky.
Dear artists please show ya appreciation to the producers and engineers thanks in advance
Hopingand sureyour panel was a success!
RT : I think this proves we are indeed related...!
U already know baby!
Now let's get to the Bossom Bed and chill
OCNJ Beach Vacation!
Hello Short commute and a whole lot of Sun!
is this years game schedule out?
Im laughing right now without even seeing it ...
i wouldnt be able to breath if i actually saw you
Leftover Chicken Recipes These leftover chicken recipes are a fantastic way to use up that leftover roast chicken, grilled chicken or eve
Got the taste for something soft and wet , basically ice cream
I'm telling on u!
I know some Bookrites who would like to go with you!
RT : In the studio mixing and cutting synth with !
Life is good
where :o?
There is no reason Pat Knight should have ripped his team like that yesterday
All sickness is not until death.
When u said to God, I surrender my all to You do w/ me as You will.
U gave Him conformation to work...
My assistant is creating garage band songs in her spare time.
I may have to put her on a project.
I was expecting it to be better...
Boy, would Ryan Suter help but that's definitely not happening
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it than when you are in it.
..
Happy Friday, !
name doctorpper.
;
You didn't care..
You never did.
I can't believe I fell for it./3
E.
Cipolloni scores on an NC State error making the score Virginia 5 NC State 1
She will rebloom when ready with all the right experiences to be able to contribute to her next stage  w/out the depression of missing it
Yum!
RT : 100 Kobe Beef Sliders Tonight only!
12, Come get some Tasty Beef!
Up the stairs at Weatherford...
a ghost each place I hide.
Jimmy Eat World
always meaning as in never?
That sounds about right.
:
All campus buildings open this morning but classes canceled.
Watch www.cwsl.edu for updated information as it becomes available.
i think that photo has been doctored.
Everything I've seen says Rick.
Thanks for adding me to your list /astd2012.
Looking forward to great astd2012 updates.
love miller park.so comfortable.enjoyable.spacious.smells good..awesome tailgateing in a huge parking lot..moderatly priced..only1 hr away.
Yes, I am artsy fartsy :
okay, this is weird cause i dont know you, but your pics like explain my life.
RT : Hi.
Thanks for asking.
Most of the experienced cab doctorvers of Chicago doctorve for more calls..
JonHamm should have offered Lindsay some powdered donuts before the show ...
for luck
Thanks for your participation Matt!
Let us know if you have any questions.
I just got my assigned song for the 500 Songs for Kids benefit this May.
Beer of choice on Mad Men tonight: Rhinelander.
Blackman Kallick K Attys!!!
Watch out for us today!
I are on a cookie mission and will be by your project with goodies!
Great seeing you for lunch w/ today!
Needs my hair did
Thanks for the follow...just booked for Wed!
Looking forward to the experience
I tweet alot right
We are DEFINITELY recording some vocals tomorrow p
Just left the 500 shut it down.
Thank u for all the love thank u everyone.
okay thank you:
Emma  team in SanDiego did us right last night.
5050 burger is great, environment is great, all was great!
A lil' RD in SoHo!
softball almost killed me tonight..
Let's do it.
Hi Im also from Chicago.
Follow me back?
:
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.
2011 ws a gret year 4 us,a music tour,a follow up album,going back to USA w original 4guys,floodgates of opportunities,miracle manifestation
Freezing cold, snow, warm, rain.
The average week in Chicago.
I've learned to live with it.
well shoot!
:/.
atleast youll join the club of being crippled lol, but yeah id be glad to do anything.
That first part sounds like tinfoil hat talk to me.
Useful idiots, sure, but plants?
I don't buy it.
Met with students and lectured on the start of the French Revolution....and did paperwork, there is always paperwork.
HE DIDN'T CHEAT ON ANYONE!!!!!!!
you just decided to randomly pop up in OUR business.
bye now!
Glad you made it home
Dude looks like a ladyy.
tis the season!
So..
If I do move to L.A.
in February..
my mum promised me she would take me to a Picture Me Broken, and BVB concert.
SWEET.
Welcoming new marketing  PR intern to the LHG team today
who's who?
And why?
what does that mean??
Daily Dose of Goodness: good morning early risers!
Did you know the tradition of Black Friday goes all the way back to the 1930's?
What's your favorite way to workout?
WOW!
Just got a hold of a GREAT Prize to giveaway today.
Keywords....
Richardson...
autograph......
Retweet!
RT The music in Rick Perry's antigay, antinonChristian ad was composed by Aaron Copland, who was both gay and Jewish.
I need a bob marley
OH I do ;!
I'll be the first to say damn she has nice assets ; LOL
which one?
After the winter we have had I seem to appreciate these beautiful days more
BOYFRIEND is truly amazing !!
:D 33
Amen!
MT : .
Next time let the NYC press know you're comin  we get few chances to chat
Maintain positive thoughts because...Thoughts become Ur words.
Words become Ur behavior.
Behavior becomes a habit  Habit becomes Ur destiny
Slept through nashville
RIP You were one of my favorites.
Condolences to your family in this tough time.
e Please follow me 3
I'm that annoying kid who is on his iPhone and iPad at the same time
me 2 but im watching pretty little liars so its helping me hahah
And the iStan would even have Eminem and Skam from underground and the things he recorded when he was 14 and stuff..
wise words, i wish more people followed that rule
Denver's rude customer service and refusal to explain what will happen if I can't get on my flight you overbooked is appalling.
aww that's sweet thank u very much !
:
Former Disney animator John Hubley discovered the Saturday Morning Market magic: kids, cartoons,  candy cereal.
Y is that u can never get over your 1st love
I'm having such a great weekend!!
BeliebersAreReadyForBoyfriendVideo I'm ready for my ovaries to explode.
Never gets old just watched it last weekend!
So erm, basically, you should refollow , mm 'kay?
Can you do that for me love?
:
WebGreekTip  Organize your members into subgroups to quickly send group texts  emails and tag event participants
you know it was a great game when 2 days later you still don't have your voice back
My guess is it's one of those 7.50 p/hour gigs after all the work you put in.
Well, it had to happen sometime; got my first B in college.
At least it was at and a really tough Bio class
Thin mints for breakfast.
Grabbing coffee on the way to OVS to bake
What documentary is a must see for me?
Can't believe I missed Ralph Fiennes reading Potter slash fiction.
Wonder who the pairups were.
Too funny.
Thanks for adding me to your list!
Please Follow my sexy little friend !!!
She is new to Twitter
on the hunt for a whip..
lol.
Microsoft bought skype for 8.5 billion dollars ...
Idiots !!!!
They could have downloaded it for free !!
Tweeting for the first time.
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Thats funny how you find out about him.
I will hop on the train.
Great meeting...looking forward to many more.
Well, I didn't win the lottery.
There goes my house in Maine and Florida and Bora Bora and Arizona and...........
I'm on at 9 tonight, y'all.
No joke.
And I might have some sort of fever related attack on stage, so you definitely don't want to miss this.
What a day today, I really need a personal assistant...
FF1 one caring guy who provides good business counsel and willing to doctorve to visit a friend.
u too sweetie!
I went to Milio's today and was disappointed not to see you there.
which research?
WHAT THE FLUFF?
ONLY MI HOMBRES CAN CALL ME DAT YOU CHOLO.
SPEAK UP IF UR BEING BULLIED,TALK TO SOMEONE,BRING ATTENTION TO THE SITUATION,IT CAN BE HELPED!
IGNORE THE PPL WHO R TRYING TO HURT U!
Its going to be a crazy ride and I'm so ready.
Trip of a lifetime with some screams mixed in there ; 
We are at web 2.0 conference in sf.
Pretty impressive turnout.
Movies that shouldn't have a sequel but are getting one this year  Ghost Rider and Total Recall.
To think I would ever be with you again was a mistake.
Hello all send me some emails
whoop whoop soexcited for 's Ustream with !
:
Just ate at ryans with my little bubby and cousin crystal
nor the women's deodorant.
Longest night ever.
Ugh.
So ready to sleep.
Good day, social media universe!
Today, I started a new 40Day SadhanaYoga practice with Siri Ajeet.
47am daily.
SoCal'ers, you are welcome!
Great game Pens!
Big win!
Kudos POTUS.
Kudos.
Envy my life skills.
ENVY THEM.
Facebook is for people I normally see.
Twitter is for people I wish I could see.
/
Listening to Creflo Dollar!
My trust is in the Lord.
Proverbs 3:5
Haha, eating a kosher pickle as I doctorve through my beautiful state.
extreme self centeredness?
So why does my 3yr old son know how to pick a lock?
Should I be concerned?
He is so smart its scary!
Lol
sounds like a plan
Obamacare  the first mandate from the federal government on all US citizens.
Trying to fall asleep without my cat's constant snore...
fail Unlegit :/
YUP.
Slave owners as vampires.
Hence, Lincoln as vampire slayer.
Eddy Murphy is NOT dead.
Jealous...
How was lunch?
?
So, you've found marijuana leads to shortterm memory loss.
We get it, Afroman.
Enjoying my last week in Hawaii ..
Until next year ..
Will miss the beauty  the beach..
But I'm excited to see all my Texas peeps..
Morning!
How is the camping preparation?
got the tent set up?
not surprised!
he is such a kind and generous man!
one of a kind!
we are so lucky to have him on our board.
haha that video is all i can think of when i hear hoodoctort
I went to church and Chinese food with my MOM.
You?
Yay, is loading demo of the super awesome shelf life!
It addoctorsses both shelf browsing and social professorles.
LOVE: it doesn't last .
PEOPLE: they change fast .
LIFE: No matter what happens, it still moves on .
not exactly but i need to get on that
haha thanks!
Home cooked meals are the best!
And now I'm hungry haha
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED keep tweeting itt!
Freedom of religion is an awesome thing, but religious views should not be involved in political discourse.
makes you want to light it up
hugs u tight i missed hugging u!!!!
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans; I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
William Blake
sang amazingly tonight!
even sang one of my favorite songs by Earth Wind  Fire!
3
Who is ready for school tomorrow!?
I know I'm not 
Responded to FIRE  31 Essex St, Brooklyn, NY 11208.
Red Cross auto update.
I wish I could talk to each face the enemy and change his opinion about me
Looking forward to seeing Ken Jacobs at UCLA's Billy Wilder  last saw Ken in Rochester in 1993  introduced by my old friend, Tom Gunning.
If she got no clothes on I let her in, and her set of friends!
As a SBUX shareholder, glad to see restrooms are being kept clean and the baristas are friendly.
...next year of our lives with all of you as fans and friends : Love, 4QC
The poorest of the poor on the earth...
are childoctorn.
Mama maggie Mvt121 VP Tony Chen
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Thomas Jefferson
doctorssed and hair is done !
Now makeup ,:
lame ass
Deuteronomy 14:2829 ...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that ...the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied...
Last time I order LemonChicken' from my local Chinese rest...apparently I was ordering friedchicken with a tangy cornsyrup reduction.
Should BleedBlack cover a rap song?
If you agree should it be a gangsta rap song or a club banger?
No matter how awesome they are no way in hell am I paying 400 dollars for shoes
If only Jameson were as concerned with access to content as he is access to capital....alas.
Can't tell if copy is joke..
The Think Vitamin Advisory Board in place make sure that you receive the best content possible.

now followin Thank you for the follow.
CAA tourney is the first weekend in March.
I could seriously retweet everything you put up.
It's always Grade A material.
Blackhawks tickets still available for the game on Sunday  the United Center against the Blues.
Call us at 8884930004
I want someone to come over and play rockband!
If you work with me, remember today is the last day to make your NCAA Bracket, only I can pick Kentucky FTW
Great goal!
Disadvantage of being the oldest of your little group: no one else can doctornk at your 21st birthday party.
:P
That's some true love right there!
exactly, if he can get that many fans with only being there that long then just imagine if he stayd longer lol
CompCloud conducted a 10yr study of 200K people to determine what impacts employee engagement
i want one wit tats n piercings like
Missisippi has the highest rate of obese adults at 34 of the population
1st street  boro in nyc / 2nd street  a city in idaho!
More clues to come....
Burn baby burn!
Lookin good:
Just wrapped up a meeting with Tara and Peter over at Renfield Productions at The Lot in West Hollywood.
They are just down home nice folks!
I think I am going to take Civilization IV with me on vacation to California.
I don't know why I didn't take it with me to New York.
The phone conversation that just occurred with my Dad
Lil'Wegi Just did a show I was Crazy Lol...
Audition time!
Just spent an hour trying to install Freetype2 on Ubuntu 11.10, what a pain in the ass.
nice man!!
I'll go with you when you get one my guy
Loving your High Point updates.
Too bad I missed you.
None of those are relevant to this discussion.
Larger debate on their coverage is fine but not here or on this story.
just signed up for an invitation request for google voice...sounds like a great service.
hope it works well!
Combine that with these stupid IPAM courses and today is for the f'ing birds.
Being sick 3 days before Christmas 
Farragut square today.
Tacos al pasztor,barbacoa, pollo sofrito, vegan squash, Chicken,tortilla soup, chips and salsa, and guac.
7 survival skills for the 21st century tony wagner
Our shops can set you up to make your own.
;
While I see the overall thought process behind cutting off wifi at lunch, I'd actually stay here and buy lunch if you didn't.
Haha, You are hilarious!
Have you uh, played Skyrim yet?
lolol
Twitter freestyle?
RT Will soon surpass 70 library books checked out.
What's the record, ?
You are above average, but not close!
Sorry!
sorry..
im alex :..
i dont know who yu care either but i see yu live in fresno to so i thought id follow yu..
ok well let us know ok
heck yeah...its a ridiculous amount of money :0
uh...if Alicia ummmed one more time I was going to go nuts!!!
I'm by the left side of the stage near like a pole....
I'm in bright red and probably one of the shortest people here
cry over cuts and stitches.
not sluts and bitches.
what happened to Big Ben and the Yankees?
don't hate on just because she said that fannypaks needs to leave its her opinion every single person has their own opinion
what's going on in the ATL tonite...
PHX will be opening at 8:00AM for Record Store Day on the 21st!
Sounds like a 2 cheese danish morning to me.
RETWEET CHECK OUT TONY T NEW MIXTAPE misterBEAT IT UP ON DATPIFF.COM DOWNLOAD FEATURED BANGAS BEAT IT UP REMIX MY WORLD OF RAP DIRTY COKE
HugACheerleader day tomorrow?
You don't get to touch me!
Thank you to everyone who attended the General Membership Meeting on April 19 at Wisconsin Black Historical Society Museum!
that's good
So, looking at a clip from EW, I found out about the new Spider man movie, which seems like a remake of the first.
Interesting.
:
sometimes my wife likes to visit me
Thanks to everyone for all the mothers day love....
RIP to my baby boy Angel
Why stop at one?
I say the more the merrier!
: Every family deserves the blessing of a child w/ Down syndoctorme.
:
woo great job guys!
Let's keep voting so they can stay there!
:
Go to for the good pizza in Seattle near by your hotel basicially  don't you think  ShihWei ?
whereever I go, I find David Foster Wallace has been there before me.
If anyone wants to be in a video were making for cody, please follow and go to our favorites on that account.
Manipedi today yes!!
I need this.
If you're not hard to get, you'll be easy to forget.
Lord, its early
Bad news: 1/3rd of Beastie Boys dead of cancer.
Good news: Licensing Beastie Boys songs for luxe car, shoe commercials just got 33 easier.
And that Emily is back on Bachelorette to meet someone wealthy so she can raise Ricki with all the horses a girl could ever doctoram of
it was probably a cardinals fan
Thanks for getting us over the 800 follower mark!
Look forward to seeing you  your family in here again.
what is the pain stemming from?
that fountain is actually quite lovely when it's turned on.
I've never understood why o'Bryant square is so seedy.
Nice read, and very true!
thanks, not so bad yourself.
I hear ya!
That is outrageous!!!
How am I supposed to survive with a pack of Newports costing me 5.49!
It really is unnecessary.
And I think I've just about had enough of the positive quotes all damn day.
One redirects: let's work on the important points we've just discussed.
Rehearsed DJ Roc'Phella and Marvin Shields Jr.
Yesterday for Chop Suey show.
Should be fun.
Off to the Rose Parade!
is there a reason they did the pecking order challenge on an even number tribal when the odds of someone flipping are lower?
Marvelous Monday: ,
If I were a pro basketball player, I'd shave my head.
On the way to sec12!
How about some sweet wine for your sweetheart?
Come in to THE CASK today to receive 15 off of any sweet wine!
HappyValentinesDay!
The grandma on teen mom is a bitch
A day of GREAt news!
1 friend in Florida, FAR, FAR, FAR, from God...SAVED!!!!!
1 friend in Chicago, free of cancer!!!!!
: Fresh out the shower, bout to head out in a few where tha party at
have a great weekend too.
Zones are configurable via web based control panel or JSON API.
We have a 30 day guarantee to try us out risk free.
How can we help?
it's okay I was 30 minutes late anyways : we start that project tomorrow
I love
HowImGRAND No matter what happens i don't cut/hurt myself..your story about bullying helped so much 3
Thanks for the tweet, Scott!
AMAZING indeed!
:
This has been a really tough week for me and my family....
Trying to tell jokes to get by  Please send positive thoughts our way 
YOLO is You Only Live Once :D
Red sweaters, Christmas decorations, the music and the joy!
Don't you just LOVE Christmas??
Pass the joy along today...his name is Jesus!
Mincie wouldn't be complete without gettin smashed with
I was too.
In fact, I locked myself in my room on Sunday night, too scared to leave.
i firmly believe that tyra banks is the person who has contributed the least to american society in the last ten years.
I agree!
RT : Spring is messing with us.
Okay forreal if Will Forte plays that crazy guy I will roll out the door
Omg there's a snow storm...
gotta love Colorado
Where is she at when I need her
you got that one thing lol follow me plzs luv ya
My mom better let me go over Laura's this weekend .
Jogger91: Know how I can get a copy of the presentation on Expert Databases KM div, Mon am?
Not in Handouts on SLA site sla2009 or hav ...
the 2 promo concerts I went to were probably the 2 fave days of my life, so the connection thru music was definitely felt :
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: All it takes to change is to get started.
So true.
I got a ColdBuster today.
Not sure if it actually makes me feel better, or if it's a placebo.
On the flip side, Orson Welles would be a shrewd replacement for Mike Mayock.
what a fantasy X
North Carolina why are you so hot?
Right house but bad timing for one of my buyers.
Fingers crossed that we can get all the ducks in a row.
Open house on Sunday!
Why its it all these sexy gay people on twitter live no where near me?
Oh yeah, I live on a rock..
Hawaii needs side sexy guys..
Urbargain starts to signup Merchants in Raleigh,NC.
Early bird specials available for a limited time
Us, Today  Kofenya TONIGHT!
And when I'm at school I'll just tweet and complain about how I hate everyone
Last full weekend for Christmas shopping?
What is on your wish list?
FollowBack Please!
Thanks!!
can.
be your west virginia wife?
lol:
Everybody have a lickorama day this Hump Day!!!
Shit...
I should probably start going tanning since I'm borderline albino
when are you coming over?
Chris still sleeping.
Not that it matters much
And the Beale Street flippers are the halftime show!
clearly disconnected with their child, probably older than average, and should be slapped.
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
hey friend!
I'm blessed what's been up with u?
I was living in a devil town, didn't know it was a devil town.....
it def hasn't been the same.
Very inconsistent.
But again, I fault the writers.
have you heard or received anything from the farm about our CSA?
isn't it supposed to start soon?
Think like a man.
is a movie.
Cool!
I'll follow you back!
can I get one?
Just ran into  yay!!
Can the musicians play I'm a Believer in honor of Davy Jones next hour?
My stomach can't handle this early in the morning.
lol we chill Saturday brendan and um your buds.

Today in 1976, Apple founder Ronald WAyne sold his 10 stake in Apple for 800.
Current value: 58,065,210,000
Come to Portland, Oregon good sir!
Hey guys this is my 35th tweet.
Thanks for the good times, my eight loyal followers.
RIP Peter..
You'll be missed.
it's hard to imagine The Watchmen being any funnier or stupider than it already is but i get your meaning!
When asking for chips at a Mexican eatery, isn't salsa implied?
Hammond peeps!!!!
We gonna be at Cate St Pub wed nite!!!
Shaq may have been a better rapper than analyst.
Almost got run over twice in the last five minutes.
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader.
No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.
Robert Frost
There us a thunder storm in my tummy.
My prayers are w/ Japan.
But who believes what we're being told about the nuclear disaster?
Don't these people deserve the truth?
haha just got home.
figured id just go right to bed so I can wake up early :
Any New Year's Resolutions?
One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things.John Burroughs
Fun times at San Francisco DMV sarcasm
i know you are but what am i...i hate when ppl say tht!
Over 30 women in the past year, she put scratch marks on my back
i will tina...we can do it tomorrow
Kennedy: We need to talk about hope so there's something for them to fall back on
have a great, safe and productive trip!
yes it is an awesome day!
Working on some major projects inspired by your coaching program!
thank you 3
Shout out to my boys at Dayton for beating another great team in Temple today.
Keep flying high guys  working hard
Who has the best kitchen, Bree, Gaby, Lynnette or Susan?
I have cried But gotta let God deal with them.
Biggest turnoff!
Niggas wit no swagg..fake polo..dirty shoesugly dirty fitted caps..oan stanky breath..smh.
Movie night with the girls ;
says she cares more about her job and the truth than Penn State as her alma mater.
She compartmentalizes her feelings.
oh!
Start with thank you
On a Gartner webinar  Takeaway: Less is more with governance.
Design the least amount of governnce required to make great decisions.
Having a hard time getting my leg out of this blood pressure machine at WalMart.
Check out our very own Phil Firetog singing his song shamless
no man, my knee fucking hurts.
busted my shit when i walked outta the pisser last night, some fucker spilled water everywhere
haha give me a min i will!
What a freakin fantastic week so far...
Holy smokes, it's only halfway done too.
So beyond ready for Saturday
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
PLEASE TWEET ME
Thx to all of you for the ff today.
Always appreciated.
Feels like the Rams counter proposal is aimed at the opt out.
No sense of compromise on the top tier thing..
ah sweatpants Ann's turtlenecks At the same time??
you may be wondering how many more eps of millionaire matchmaker i can possibly watch in a row.
as many as it takes to become
Ikr , I Barely See ANY Vegas Team Mindless .
Me And My Bestfriend Are Like The Only Ones !
the song is decent not really my style though sorry
ILLUSION NEVER CHANGED INTO SOMETHING REAL, IM WIDE AWAKE AND I CAN SEE THE PERFECT SKY IS TORN
lol I didnt even kno they had one for baby dads......its all bad lol
my mom worries way to much about stupid shit
LOL, so true!
live the life you love.
Debit card on strike swiper no swiping.
Next year I'm converting into a Jehovah's Witness
I Love wiz and I aint scared to say it 
OMG really?!
we better get a move on i guess...
Interesting how many Media Lab companies are about, bringing your data back to you
fantastic , definitely worth checking out the live show.
Modernist Gorilla!
Just need to keep playing Megamillions.
...but also because you talking about them makes you look so much weaker; cause I don't EVER hear them bringing YOUR name up...
Lee DeWyze.
Next American Idol?
I think so.
:
FOLLOW BACK?!
I can't watch it  Let me know how it is :
would like to give you a great big orgasm for Christmas!
Best week ever!
Met , , , and Melissa Ponzio!
I love you all, thank you so much!
3
wow are you making mangu could I have some lol
I can see that, but I present wireframes all the time.
It puts the focus on content, visual priority, and IA first.
Then I prototype.
This just in: perfect Sayaka is perfect, sky is blue, grass is green.
That was a sick goal from Ramires.
Sheesh.
The doctorma level at this match is off the charts.
Good enough to get their, great enough to stay
Vandy win was big for badgers confidence.
They are not in awe of Syracuse or just happy to be in Boston.
They usually do!
;
The Charlotte Bobcats are hosting the New York Knicks tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena.
You can call us now for tickets: 8884930004
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
3 3 3 We love all of you for the support you've shown, a lot of things to announce this spring/summer!
can't believe what I just saw on !
where and when is the show on Sat?
Wow what a day March madness and Food.
Expressly Gourmet has you covered on snacks, soda and water.
Place your order at...
LOVE the quote!
LIVE the quote!
:
What's Going Down this Weekend I Heard its gonna be Big!
A complete overhaul of forum software?
They have just been talking about security updates so far.
fuxxxxxxxkkkk no hambone in lineup.
Great just great.
Thanks for the follow.
singing baby got back secondhighlightofmyday:
I can't believe I'm saying this but..
I think it's time to change the twitter bio
don't feed them!
Especially not after midnight.
No score in the third.
Score still North Texas 2, FIU 0.
I love mangos.
: Because I'm sure all 313 of you were wondering.
Right Said Fred Savage Garden Actors/Bands/AllThatShit
If you're looking for Celebrity Bookings  Party Promotions check out .
Thanks for the follow.
what's up fool
I have a really good feeling about this season.
Can't wait to see what they bring to
Going motorcycle riding!
:
I'm tired of the digital age.
Could you bring another nomenclature?
Been in the game for years, but now its starting to roll
He plays for the Orioles...incredibly unfortunate.
yeah yeah haha
Quick lil workout and shower...
Now off to the statehouse
The death of Osama baseball edition: George W.
Bush with the win, Obama with the save.
so cold.
dude me too!
Oo
It's been almost 28 hours since I ordered my new phone.
I can't believe it isn't HERE yet!!
I need someone to care about
its on my fb :
you wish you sing like your sister lmao
can you please make my night and follow me back ?
:
I'll probably remain a constant doctoramer my entire life ;
Looks like we'll be hearing the news helicopters in spades as tomorrow is May Day and protest season starts in earnest.
I miss my parents dark blue leather sofa.
So comfy.
I think they actually absorb u when u lay in them.
For sure!
It was great meeting you 2!
I'm sorry I didn't end up making it to your panel, but I'm sure it was a hit!
You are the conductor in your own life.
With God, Spirit, Source or The Universe being your grand orchestra.
You decide how it will all ...
RT : RT Q3 Changing gears.
Whats the silliest thing a nonrunner has said/asked you about running?
Bowling with my son, Bears  Tinhorn Flats  the Broncos Must be put Down.
Wearing 34 Sweetness jersey...gonna need it...we got no QB!
I ain't even talkin bout u silly
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out to assist.
ill be there in 5!!!
Been waiting a lot of years to say this again.
BIG TEN CHAMPS!
Gloria Allred's We the People  Actors doing enactments of court cases.
Why is this on TV?
BostonSportsReport: Would New York Rangers vs.
Los Angeles Kings Stanley Cup Final fall short of ratings blockbuster?
Break that single...was hot!
Me to....look a bar!
We will see next week im a fan of all you girls but everyone have there own input.
Same back to you!
Thanks :
Thanks 4 the follow!
Great to connect with you!
Great time at the park with and
I currently feel like wine, I get better with age.
So Far To Go by JDilla and Common is my shiiiit!
Welcome and Happy Friday to We'll be needing some weight loss services in a couple weeks!
;
doing that tomorrow not now haha I sleep now!
No Problem!
We can't wait to view your film and we encourage our followers to do the same!
can you please please please please please please please follow me?
0r at least mention please I wil be so so so sad if u dont
No.
I have too much research to do
staying strong for jay
He wouldnt be a starter for us, he probably just wants play time.
Good luck to you Amile at Duke.
LogicFail Heritage Fdn sez we should use every means possible to kill first or ID them.
Uh, try IDing them first, m'kay?
local Occupy camps are still largely controlled by fakes, and so remain small, ugly, and ineffective, the way the 1 want them.
peace out
Ready to do the NYC.
scantily clad.

I thank God for sending someone new my way who truly cares about me.
Even though he is mad at me right now lol
you can burn CDs through it super easy
Cool.
Have fun!
It's a great time of year to jump in.
Farmers markets have the best ingredientscan't go wrong
Yo said that lol.
Just like them iguana days......
We are often allergic to the fillers in the pills we take.
These can vary from brand to generic.
We can make it without the filler.
I'm over men....AND women.....
No no I'm over human beings.
I'm into aliens now.
There!
too bad the doctorgonball z/gt series had to end
Caps...42...they've been the better team entire series...hey whats Tommy hunsickers handle?
No clue why my boyfriend likes me every single time he comes over my room is aboustly disgusting and messy lol
I love this baby.
He is the perfect excuse when I really just didn't want to go to that party.
I LOVE FOOTBALL ON SATURDAY!!!
I'm so happy I get to check into school Friday at like 9:45
Enjoy the read RT bought 3 copies of SunStandStill waiting in line for a copy to free up while everyone tells me what Im missing
RT : On the day that Dbacks starter Patrick Corbin was born, Rockies starter Jamie Moyer already had 31 MLB wins.
No prob!
Let me know when you're free for lunch :
i loved that song also :D ur really talented
Grandpa, I love you so much, it's gonna be hard with you gone now.
You lived a long eventful life.
You fought hard.
Rest in peace 3
thingsthatineed is my family close friend and my boyfriend3
We are proud to announce that our cochair Carlos Garcia is now a board member on Kendall Federation of Homeowners Assc.
RT : Damn RT : LMAOOOOOOOOOO Pacers and Magic is such a terrible series.
I'd rather watch tranny porn.
Thanks for the feedback.
I figure knowledge of the twitters is pretty important to editors, but wondered about stndoctor practice
If you think Seattle was bad, keep your eye on Sac now that KJ has declared the Kings DOA.
I don't eat much anymore.
I don't know why.
Can't sleep at night.
Tuesday is going to be a long day at Disney if I don't get this figured out by tonight........
I would highly suggest snowtubing at Wildwood Highlands!
I aint nothing wrong with me telling my brother I love him
Hi girl that runs everywhere.
No one loves you and you're adopted.
Romney is criticizing Obama for even running for president.
His speech sounds like a pep rally not a candidate speech.
do it!
I'm only gonna be in NY for a week but I'm staying with Marcos haha
follow me back brotha!
Hope to have a beer with you someday!
Cheers!

Thanks  didn't see the option for the wait list.
Will try to attend next event.
sad to see it end ...
thoseguys are the best
what is it?
thanks so much!

thanks Harmen  i have been a long time fan of Shakti Gawain...she has influence with me.....great quote!
RT if you Love Justin Bieber's TurnToYou song.
Read the books!
By Jeff Lindsay.
doctorfting up new story ideas.
I think best in the shower and while doctorving.
Hmm how could I put those two together?
I'll be at the car wash!
Some people just needa be taught a lesson!
i fuck everything up, i understand if you hate me/3.
'Tis a good weekend.
;
Is the Henry Aaron commercial limited to just Milwaukee, or are other markets seeing it?
Get Ready, Now It's a Race To the Finish Line For...
NEW COUNTRY STAR OF THE YEAR 2010
Im at sea world employment center rn....Es not da same without chu
Follow me and I'll keep you at the cuttingedge of SQL development
Scott Walker is awesome...that's all I have to say.
Other NBA teams' fans need to get over Cavs' fans not getting over Lebron leaving Cleveland.
No matter how good of a guy you are, you'll always just be a friend.
TO EVERYONE ON TWITTER PLEASE WATCH KONY 2012 video on YouTube  HELP SPREAD THE WORD!
In LA this would be dogs hiking Runyon complaining about credit card debt RT FOR EXAMPLE: what if your dog is too adorable?
Ha!
Nice one June.
RT Earth School...
Where we get to keep going until we master the material.
Hah!
No pun intended.
ConfessionNight I eat to much snacks at nite
My understanding is that we don't really know how large a guy he was, but my wife and like to think he liked food too.
Heh.
FUCK YOU TUMBLR, YOU OBVIOUSLY HATE ADAM AND I HATE YOU FOR THAT FUCKKK YOUU I WAS ALMOST DONE!!!
RT : Dear al Qaeda, We killed your cowardly leader with a military that includes Gay Americans.
Suck on that.
Yours, Obama
kids Saturday Scholars at Irving Central Library, Sat, May 19 10:00a: Volunteers will be available to tutor and assist students in...
ok..
haha.
I'll try to sleep here in about 20 minutes.
My typo in my last tweet only further supports its idea
: they too busy for little ole me ; 
Bigasoft DVD Ripper 30144420  pocket pc pda
Americans actively choose to ignore the education of our childoctorn.
Instead of paying teachers better salaries we pay actors and athletes.
I'm over it..
Jelly bean Jr is never going to get that 6th ring and will 4ever be in MJ's shadow.
Thanks for the follow, Noah!
I noticed the quote, why do food allergies happen.
I hope your right about research.
I want chipotle so bad eek
Happy National Coffee Day!
If you're a fan like us, stop by either location for a rich cup of coffee, latte, cappuccino, or mocha!
Welcome to doctorbble!
I like your work.
thanks bro keep a lookout for when the new stuff comes out gotta lot in store
I WISH!
It is now 11:11pm, and my wish is for you to finally follow me back, lol k bye.
xoxo
just saying :
you know some of us can only focus on WiRecall, a little help this time would be nice.
genius!!!!
I'll have two please!
Dances with Wolves with Kevin Costner won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1990.
Train is full at Kimball.
Wtf?
Spend your weekend at the Galleria at Sunset Mall and don't forget to stop by Pop Stop for a well deserved snack!
Thanks : RT : Hi Eva!
I'm following you now :
Going to start walking over to Blind Dog in a bit.
Maybe we can meet up?
successful thesis doctornks tonight!
Dear bumpy bus ride, I AM TRYING TO SLEEP.
Jonas brothers on the cover of Good Housekeeping?
That's it I give up.
Yeaa haha you should go again it's fun :
we could trade but I think my customers will make you scared for humanity.
They often don't know their own named.
RT : In other news: Looks like coach Luce won't be coaching at purdue next season.
She's a p P L A Y E R, I'll never trust her
My muthafuckin doctor said I need a doctor, so I called House now I am a pill popper.
I didn't mention that they were both male cats...
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of 'Heels 2 Heals' Charity Event Oct 1st.
you are lame
Went to artist development earlier.
Just finished up a photo shoot.
Now on to castings!
Not liking the time change 
He'd come to the rescue.
Just stop breathing so he'll have to give you CPR.
And, there ya go.
A kiss from the one and only.
Bring the pain!!!
RT : Time to bounce back against the Rams this Sunday!!!
HTTR
CASTING: 1 Lead Male Actor for a short silentfilm.
34 EXTRAS will also be needed.
Will be filming in  around CSUN campus on the 25th.
I have that app to !
Yesterday's trip to Keeneland racetrack was rewarding.
Also had time to visit my ADAMS ancestors at historic Lexington, KY.
Agree!
288 makes Short Pump a hop, skip  jump away!
I hope you had a good time with your sister at the parks.
: Glad I could help you out.
x
if i.got embarassed like the boys did i would be pissed off 2
I too have been feeling...
merrrrrrrr
Heat playing that D!
but yes good idea!!
How is everybody?
Are we doing good?
SO HILARIOUS
I feel like I need to start a packing list.
HalfTime Rec in St.
Paul, MN all weekend !!
Friday and Saturday double whambam !
We're here
I would be into this, for Ann Arbor, MI .
Did not have that experience at Oranger / Overwhelming Colorfast last night.
Everyone sounded better than ever.
About to see one of the freshman XXL up coming artist perform
ok too much wonk for me on such a nice day.
I'm going to the roof deck to curl up with a nice bottle of prosecco!
you too!
Have a great weekend.
I landed on it really hard :' lmao its w.e it just hurts when I sit on it .
First I did something I never thought I would do, I hurt myself physically to take the pain away
I'll try for more Hawaii news.
Though that's no guarantee.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't know who Austin was.
I was such a foolish child.
Could use a trip to , colors will be changing soon, and some great beards made history there.
RT : Anyone know someone who wants a fish tank?
58gal with black oak stand/light plus Ehiem canister filter, gravel.
300
had a wonderful 6v81 discussion on twitter and face to face abt social capital, thanks to and Tom and students.
I screamed thug life then emptied the clip
I wish I could join you.
Maybe we can meet up in DC sometime!
: I enjoy your MuseumMobile site.
one of the best episodes ever
Cosign.
RT : Today  good day
send me pic!
Doing any good on the turkeys!
here comes the double play for mcgehee
thank you for following us
i have not.
should i?
Thank you so much for the mention!
Fun plans this week?
just a notch in a bed post?
yea, line in a song, type deal ...that just happened
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence then success is sure
Omg rj berger is coming
Let us not forget about our Blackhawks
ohh so she had a twitter account?
Heading to a Greek island to lay on the beach all day!
You bet.
And same to you!
There's shapes, and colours, and smells, and sounds, but whether you feel it or see it, there's nothing comes close to the human face.
so sorry he came thru again
Nah.
Sir Charles wasn't good enough to play for Portland.
He was also too healthy.
Mmk well I get off at 7...where do you wanna go?
no wonder I never win any 
that i have, shes pretty tizight
SLEEPING ON AND OFF.
ITS ONE OF THOSE NITES!
:P
I need to learn how to make sushi, because I crave it just about every day
umw a media mobile?
Come see Dark Shadows scripts!
So it's Ash Wed  I am giving up Road Rage for Lent.
Big fail on way to work  construction  bad doctorvers.
This is going to be tough...
Rip Steve jobs!
He seriously was a great and important leader...
It's pretty obvious!
maybe tomorrow night?
I'll be back hopefully bc I have a final at 8am on Friday.
There is a lot of talent in that one little song!
ha ha still can't believe how big that was
Time out!
The churches in NC got security and Kios machines so you can pay.
What???
That shit crae
I am usually laying in warm bed full of bacon bits and I am jewish.
Shalom.
Up now: How To Sell Your Big Ideas
My prank calleror ers right noww.
Really cool?
If you're guna prank call me do it right
My First KeyNote video will be sent your way.
: God is good!!!
If u r from Jamaica,but live esle where and r financially sable, can u plz do something for ur community..
flying back tomorrow night Tehran time!
I ordered it with a PL mount to get it quicker.
The Canon mount is backordered, but I'll get that someday too.
Ha!
They totally should.
Give 'em a nice continental breakfast, and they'll stop foraging for food on the railroad tracks.
;
Google: Native Client for mobile devices still alive: It may look like Google ditched a project to bring its nativeprogramming techn...
This car shopping has made me realize how close to auditioning it is.
Looking for something unique, if it isnt yours, it's nothing personal.
When you feel depressed and feel like you cant do anything right, just remember this...you were once the fastest sperm :
no you're just lazy!
Inventing the question mark.
Off to pick up my kids.
Yay, working lights  no potholes between here  school.
Thankgoodness for taxes
Lakers step up your game!
Get on our level!
To find the rainbow in every storm ya gotta believe
btw i'm finally watching arrested development guys.
5yearslate?
You guys doing the museum thing tonight?
Just took a camera in for a sensor cleaning.
Crazy that in nearly 10 years I've been a digital photographer I've never had to do that before
One week to go for the Early Bird rate don't miss out on the savings.
The team at its worst needs to start doing well enough to keep things alive for the team at its best when it gets here.
Enjoy Life, Give Joy, and Be at Peace!
I've been to two Suns games this weekend and I can say with absolute certainty Ced Ceballos is THE MAN.
I literally caught the last metro.
Waiting in chinatown for slackers
lol ha just here at work what are you doing??
Much appreciation for your help, Kristi!
using technology just to be contemporary isn't reason enough
He has done it.
I have just been invited on the best date ever: eat pizza, watch movies, and distract the kitten while the boy works?
I'm IN.
RT : Winning your Brand today at 1pm moderated by w/ our owner, Jennifer Shea,...
8 in gas, 4 parking, 1.5 hrs in time; and southwest refuses to repair my bag, even though in LV they said they would.
Thanks!
Thank you Lord for today...
!?
bangs head on desk
Great speech!
We are excited to start the BuyBobNow New Membership Campaign tomorrow 8/9.
We're finalizing for morning deployment.
Are you on our list?
God your an ass
Celtics had that Metamucil before the game.
All spry
Went over the album w/  I hope yall ready, if not!
OH Well!!
S/O to
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
I like your top 3 too!
...or .
I think needs to investigate the use of Hermione's timeturner.
Hottie Mark Wahlberg's home is on the market.
It's only 14 million.
It has a gym where he trained for The Fighter.
I KNOW!!
Sign of a new ICONiac They have no idea what the PlaidPartyBus was ;
it better been worth it than
oh and just in case, take your iPod charging cable with you, I might need it lol
any idea when BB Dakota will be back on?
For the first time, because it failed to give up.
tolerance and no excuse to abuse I feel should be a rule hurting others creates a bad chain reaction of ugly, bad and more abuse end abuses
Odd Future Oldie 
I wonder how Vincent's gonna feel seeing the boyz on stage without him...
I can't make tomorrow's presentation.
HUGE second half tonight...real proud of my boys!
I wasnt here since the beginning from shootusdown but I promise that im gonn be here in till the end no matters what happens!!
Lol, I'm So Serious.
.
.But Imma Text You.
:
im layin down .bout to go ...why yu up
Pres Taylor Moody going to speak to the crowd.
Hope you guys are have the best day ever!!!
Looking through my cookbooks for good recipes using lots of vegetables.
Let me know if you have a favorite.
I seen a rainbow...
Actually, this morning
What did you eat?
do you have stock in Chipotle?!
Just my opinion.
Thank you for the information and the great seminar today.
Thanks for following!
Hopefully we will work together in the future :
I did...
That's why I called...
Dear Mavs, please stop LOSING!
SUPER BOWL PICK: New York Giants 3 Final Score Giants 38 Patriots 27
awesome , what r u doing luvie?
Most excited I've ever been for winter.
Bring on ski season!
Cold temps and snow coming!
Eh, you know better than to worry about that!
Do what you want.
Don't buy into the world's definition of love  romance.
Make it a 1 Corinthians 13, Ephesians 5:3 kind of day,  the next 364.
Why am I still awake.
it's been so long since i've seen james baker that he now looks like james baker in old guy makeup :
eltonjohn is rockin a purple sequined coat.
Sparkles abound!
So..sigh...I have a new Twitter acct.
Smh.
This one will be gone pretty soon.
Come follow ur girl !
RT
I wanna snuggle
Even Tho I Say I Hate Her And Argue With Her.
I Miss Her, She Was My FIRST REAL Best Friend .
No One Can Bring The Past Back.
Psychology plays a significant role in the music business as well
and let's take this convo off twitter perhaps??
OMG.
The conversation these two kids of mine are having.
LMAO!!!
Congrats to who was a Random Winner today!
You too could be a random winner!
All you have to do is tell your friends to follow us
I say AND Scene all the way.
tht would be crazy last opening day no hitter??
bob feller
And it would be fascinating to talk with him over lunch.
Next week I'll be in Pauillac while he's in Bordeaux.
Bummer.
I'm bout to go crazy!
we have a sub anyway hahaha
yeahh your this granny that goes around hitting people and other things for money
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
Just got the Magic Trackpad.
I'm always a little late to the party but I eventually get there.
Always love Apple packaging
HIt the gym tonight for the first time in months.
Built up quite a sweat!
24 Hour in Pacific Beach needs more fans!
Work is so fucking busy!
D:
LOL i like that
When you get there tell RR to get Weeks out of the leadoff spot.
I can't control the way i'm moving hips Bet you never ever seen me like this I'm a monster on the floor I can't quit
DPLA will foist BBQ upon you
I think if I punched you just once in the face, I'd feel a lot better.
Can I kick it?
Working...
checking this cool site out!!
LA is in patented start strong fade late win game mode.
GO LA!!!!
HURRY IN FOR OUR 40 OFF SALE!!!!!!
I looked good for nothing!
Hahaha.
who do you go to cherokee with
Final 4  OSU, TX, Kansas, Pitt
Ugh after a two week vacation im not ready for this 0430 workday
...or I'll call my girlfriend if she's not sick or already there.
Peach cobbler!!!!!!!
Good morning metal heads!
We've been working on a cover song for your listening pleasure.
which one you ask?
Come to our next show to seem/
The rap video was not illegal.
A couple of the people in the video were arrested for a shooting.
rush hour and nothing shakin in my direction lol
Impossible situations can become possible miracles.
Robert H.
Schuller
thanks for the FF!
Just because is over doesn't mean takes a break!
Congrats participants for raising 69,620!
I like it 3
heck yeah dude.
Finally someone gets it
U need a scorecard that measures temperament and ability to actually get things done.
That would show some big differences.
Oh good!
So just chill today and take touristy pictures : Hope it doesn't rain lol
Are you ready?
Tomorrow, something really amazing is coming your way.
:
happy til 7pm bud light pint specials all night!
2 for 1 burgers, 2 hours til kickoff!
see you here
well I'm too busy giving speeches to my class.
So if you're still swimming at like 11 lemme know and I'll be there!
get on Skype.
HUNTER:D
We welcome ALL students.
Registration is NOT limited to students  HBCUs.
RT Can any student attend the conference?
: Thomas Jefferson tryed to end slavery in the Declaration of Independence  it was cut.
i knew i hated tracked changes.
single release Party Friday for hit single it ain't nothin .ft
What's more, federal agency asking us to provide the same services proposed for 30 less than the proposed budget.
Come by
Just ordered a 12 pack of tacos at taco bell!
Ate the entire thing!
CRAFTY DEAL: Natty Paint offering 1 silkscreened tee for 24, 2 for 40.
Mention this tweet!
Win a 4 hour cruise on the Schooner Mallory Todd in Seattle.
The tickets are 20 to support Sailing Heritage Society; Call 2063816919
I love so freaking much!!!
Their music makes me so happy : 3
!
Looking forward to an amazing game run tomorrow morning!
How do u keep poachers from getting the intel?
He's getting grilled because he's restricting the transfer at all.
Bilas, Mike  Mike, etc.
are saying xfr should be 100 free.
Bill Haley, Rock Around the Clock  45 rpm vinyl.
Don't remember what was on the flip side.
during finals..
is my last week of school, 
I was about to give Ty Lawson shit for those orange shoes he keeps wearing  but if he keeps playing like this keep wearing them...
Hello to all
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of Where the Wild Things Are, 19282012, RIP.
Information overload dsum12 how to cut through noise
A lot of what are hearing is definitely not hiphop.
Starship is an MCHammer move.
It doesn't even smell like hiphop.
i know hun i havent really been around...
I can already smell the weird.
yeah.
I'm over it.
I'll fuck that bitch
thanks !!
follow her too !
:
great meeting u and the fam!
We can break bread with u anytime : see u soon!
for the follow and support Liz keep cheering for you favs on TC check out
Brian plays Violin, wants to learn Cello, likes 1D, his favorite song is Moments,  we like the same stuff.
He's my future husband, omfg.
This morning workout is awesome!!!!
Jump rope, military jumping jacks, hiknees, burpees and mountain climbers with a few lunges thrown...
These are complicated times...
Ways to get out of a speeding ticket.
cool, let's rap later.

me talking bout Tim should not effect nobody  :  cough cough , Ryan .
My first milwaukee stpatricksdayparade !!
gobbleygooker doesn't count as he never had a match.
But that was a LAME Thanksgiving surprise they served up in 1990
yyeesss we are :D
Keep on keepin' on.
Zander: On the phone with Tiffany3 Yea, Just go to the big light.
Me: NO!
Grabs phone DON'T GO TO THE LIGHT!
gives phone back okay.
What would it feel like to have a really HAPPY new year of business where you are in the zone, making a difference w smile on ur face?
thanks giving ?
mhmm.
well i was soo excited to pig out but i wasn't hungry :
Dont worry: im sure you will sometimmee!
Time for bed.
Happy snoozing everybody.
about what
Wow, that was great!
Almost too much to know but lots of good ideas.
Moogle is cool!
RT It's always nice to see my buddies at still getting the love: bit.ly/oFhvVr via TYJames  ReggieM
yay!!!
Let us know.
nice way to put hands to gracie.
Girl u better get up outta there
thatawkwardmomentwhen someone asks you if you just got out of the shower because 'your hair looks wet'
Why would U expect 2 represent Washoe when he wouldn't talk 2 a constituent who had a had a bill in the nvleg?
Her: I can't use your name for my paper only your age, ethnicity  gender.
Me: Just use a wellversed Latino stud that says it all.
What?
Finished listening to the 'Ferran' audiobook last night.
Takeaway: much of creativity is really just trying everything  keeping good notes.
And now to bath time.
Question is, how much time will elapse between bath time and bed time?
Sold a whole lot of books today.
Congratulations, Ted!
Has it really been 19 years that you've been staring back at me?!?
Here's to many more!
I see I have 982 followers.
I am handing out a free PDF to my 1,000th follower!
you better feel my anger...yo behind was going to leave me without a goodbye or nothing hmf!
I always have so much work to do after the kids go to bed.
preparing them for bed is half the work.
thank you for reading.
hope you were able to take something good away from the experience!
We r located around the corner from CalExpo!
Bring in your bib from the race4thecure and we'll give u 10 off!
he thinks so, too...
I am watching Fashion Star !!!
The Finale.
Cara the blonde hair chica is really a leader not a follower.very modern very avant guardish
Ready to get this day poppin
although genital warts is not the most pleasant topic to be researching
You got that right.
Some live updates from the gentlemen next to us in the nosebleed section at the Knicks game: There is no traveling in the NBA
We're baking little mini muffins and will pack them in containers of two flavors.
What two flavors do you think to together?
happy mothers day to my amazing wife and mother!
Thanks for the kind words!
We're working on a new album right now that you're sure to love.
So stoked...about to walk in to Death and Company!!!
Finished reading the first book of the fallen series and the first book of the hunger games now I'm on to book two of the fallen series :
Congrats on the fundingthat's really exciting!
Money over everything
I tried to follow u, but twitter won't let me!
Hope I didn't do something to offend u!!
I Dont want her cause she from the corner and i heard that beamer was a loaner.
somebody went that hard at you?
Fuuuck
Those pods are actually maxing out on seats  when that happens no new connections will workuntil someone logs off.
thank you!
:
Don't worry, GT Parking will help you find your with a bright yellow envelope!
DAD Victories!
Mom moved to Florida with the kids following a guy she met on the Internet, Dad sued, Judge ordered mom to return to Texas!
They were but never been a fan of wearing two teams at once.
REALLY!?
Three Snow White movies in the first half of a year....fucking ridiculous
Happy 20th Birthday, Taylor today!
Nice work Broncos...way to take the home opener W
Happy mothers day
cry whenever Niall sings his solo in More Than This.
Please, lets take a second and appreciate how beautiful his voice is.
3
Just watched for the first time.
Coincidentally, it was a show about grinding your own burgers and making a perfect pub burger.
RT : American Idol is the Comic Sans of music: popular, but no one is entirely sure why
i didnt even go!
What r u doing tmw?
Im off
Are my dates tax deductible now?
NO, REALLY.
ARE THEY?
Y'ALL ?
and go ahead i don't care
Stop by the Metuchen Library Book Sale tomorrow and pick up some good books at GREAT prices!
Perfect for winter reading or gifts.
Oct 15 9AM
Shaq saying bynum should get more touches...this sounds familiar...
Shaq/kobe fued part II
Hooray!
Looking forward to it!
I miss you too girl!
t Fuck All Of You
A great assistant coach is only valuable when they make the commitment to the kids
Y the hell am i tweetn like i aint BLACK lol
nothingfeelsbetterthan bring free of everything.
We have followed!!
Wayy too much doctornking last night!
Cant say no to the birthday girl...
now I can't get out of bed!
I act like I'm okay at school but i'm really not.../3
Just tapped Pike Post Alley Porter
Thank you  and you're most welcome for us following.
Glad to be in touch with you!
Fashion gives me wings
don't get cocky or I'll name Shannon as my fave
If Sarah Palin decided to record an album,someone would make it happen.It's really sad!
We are helping Veterans
How about a stocking stuffer for the homeowner on your list that will save them a fortune on home repairs and improvements.
Sound good?
Yeah in Westbrook I miss that!
you are a brave woman!
: When practice is easy I'm pretty sure everyone's in a better mood..
I feel acomplished
Why is twitter so bipolar?
Hey bday Diva not feeling well but I'm truly going 2 make a huge effort 2 party w/u.
Don't want 2 miss it.
Hey
like, don't tell people you're in the same place...then randomly leave...and reapear in her screan!
XD
of course some of them will, if they didn't, they would have no chance on any NT, much less his...
Glad to see I'm not the only one awake on this average Saturday morning.
share the herb
Anyone like pop punk anymore?
The real kind?
Hey Twitter, I'm eating vanilla ice cream with seasalted almonds, and it's delicious.
Christmas in April: Mary and Louis Holley  Washington Post
I need to go to bet.
NOT TIRED,
Marty B broke his collarbone, out indefinitely: poor marty!
I think you both should come to Milwaukee for a game.
I have listened to the whole way to New Orleans.
This guy is a
ASHAMED MAJOR FACE PALM
Thank U
I may be a Nice guy who cares about life school and video games But I'm not weak minded alright Females really do push me too my limits!
is suffering from insomnia..
Please help
To hell with them fellas.
Buzzards gotta eat, same as worms..
Josey MF Wales
I somehow lost like a third of my followers..
And i wonder,am i that offensive?
I must b doing sumthin right!
IfAfricansHadARealityShow WATERMELONS!!!
WATERMELON SHOW!!!
ITS NOT RACIST BECAUSE IM HALFBLACK
Best day at work ever...
We're bullshittin'  still getting paid for 10 hours l0l
ugh.
Ghost is so dull.
Call Me Maybe pandora station surprisingly good.
loca lol let me know when u come out here so we can chill
A spilled purse when things are already not going right is the worst!
has landed.
Thanks to all the journalists in Denmark for such an inspiring workshop, I hope we can do it again soon!
Follow the beautiful for bookings contact  
Steve Perry is another singer whose vocals can't be duplicated.
I'm scared of the internet.Jennifer Lawrence
RT : it was best 4 months ever, no matter which program it is, study abroad will be the best experience  youre...
Lol So Many White Girls There Vadie Describe Here Better Lol QT : what was Dat white girl name from hillwood
Thank you for the shoutout!
You gonna be in school tomorrow.?
Kinect was advertised on the YouTube homepage, plus on Disney's and Nickelodeon's digital publications.
The bad news is time flies.
The good news is youre the pilot
Feng Shuiii for 2012.
Tangerine for Year of the Water doctorgon!
Oh...
Sittin at work ready to go Sunday is boring
A true gentleman should never take advantage of any lady.
What up cool kids?!?
:3
the infamous A320 barking dog.
Apparently it's a hydoctorulic pump.
Friend me on FB: Coach Gary Smith
My Delicious world is coming to an end.
So sad...
I miss talking to you girl!!!
Thanks so much for your RT John  hope all is great with you!
Just saw a sign that said Dangerous Dog.
Why have that?
You think the dog isn't going to attack you simply because you feed it?
I dont know if you guys know, but we are
The instructions for filling out Form 1040, which took up two pages 75 years ago, are 179 pages long this year.
Insane!
the state of Maryland needs a better power company than
H didn't want 2 eat this morning.
Complaining a lot of her stomach hurting.
Hate not knowing what it is.
not you too...
hi!
Normal reply today.
How many innings will Doc Halladay throw tonight?
I'm hoping for a complete game!
Did you run her and her love of fried things out of town?!?
Good Morning Seattle!!
Happy ThirstyThursday!!
Who's ready for the weekend to start already!!
On da east getting high
these boots are made for walkin' and thats just what they will do
Happy anniversary : Thanks for being so awesome!!
Failure won't ever overtake me if my determination to achieve success is strong enough.
Fantastic!
has impeccable taste when it comes to Scottsdale accommodations :
Happy Pi day, everybody!
Done with work.
Time for some food!!!
Berggren tries to disrupt the pass but it gets by him.
Payne slams home, twohanded.
3927 Spartans over
Today is International Women's Day!
Who are the most important women in your life?
Good Day!
Hope you are having a great one
do tell
so everyone's mad that miranda supposedly turned niall down, but i bet you'd all be just as mad if she said yes....
js
PHI OVER 7 is a winner also CIN ML is looking very nice
The 100th anniversary of Titanic's sinking is this April, and we've got lots planned.
Details to come!
I am proud of my 1500 followers...
they are all real people that have something good to say!
NO ROBOTS!!!
God Bless you all and thanks!
Maybe you don't need the whole world to love you.
Maybe you just need one person.
and this late...
I'm bout to go accept penny's friend request!
that's exactly how I picture it...
give or take the spandex.
ohh yeah.
what's even stranger though is lil wayne doing a rap on their new album o0
How much you want to bet Bon Jovi has everyone in that suite in stitches by humming Livin' on a Prayer every time Tebow touches the ball?
Okay my work got me so much stuff for my birthday.
I love you guys, thanks for the card.
It touched my heart.
The suspense at the MUSE Awards is killing me
That doesn't actually look like a redirect.
Just saying!
With a hooker?
What's with the stack?
:p
I already follow her...
is something wrong here or
What to wear.
I want a tank.
Yeah she some heat  
I also enjoyed Awake on NBC!
Did Parks  Recreation get Picked up for a Fifth Season on NBC?
Born Again Faggot  getting your hair done.
Athens is so close I can taste it, and it tastes like mango bombs
timeline?
i hate it.
let's revolt lol
Should NM aim for the Solar Decathlon to bring everyone together  raise our professorle?
enjoy that time!
It's fleeting and so sweet!
yeah your little red headed fire crotchrocket...
Just kidding man it hurt like a bitch though
Great Easter Sunday in Afghanistan.
Dinner at the DFAC was ok, but I need them to work on those sweet potatoes.
They were pretty bad.
:/
there's a gym in my condo, errmorning workout baby
Happy Nurses Week!
dumb hoe I texted you 2x last time and did I get a respond?
No!!
And nope im at work till 1a...
Are you?
oh aye, we're gonna need a bigger boat.
Wake up, 38 degrees.
Tomorrow, 70 degrees.
Heading to OSSPEAC tomorrow thru Tues  ASHA in November  Clark County vendor fair in Dec
shooting habitat video today!
Thanks Catral Doyle Creative, stay tuned
Twitter can also be useful before, during, and after a conference, when following via the conference hashtag.
Rudnitsky holds to take a 65 thirdset lead over Markel.
Fourpoint swing in the team standings on the line in this match.
why did Yelp put my small business on the hit list?
Why does YELP filter out EVERY REVIEW my business gets?
::::Nobody can replace Me simple as thatNot Cocky at all:
i cant find it the sheet of paper with instructions..great .
hey what up anna :
New C.K.S.C.
logo embroidered Polo shirts coming soon!
35.
Preorder yours today!
Iv hit the wall now
duel race today at daytona!!!
hope kevin win and grab the number 3 spot :
Everyday I wake up I want a different bitch
Autopilot mode: ON
When you see jake fulton lookalikes and you call them cute....
You are technically calling him cute...
This Hunger Games CD
It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts.
Adlai Stevenson
The DeWitt Law Firm  Orlando Divorce Attorneys recently published an article regarding divorce in a down economy on Divorce.com
A smile from Buck..
Yea that was fun
U get the beet of both worlds.
Thanks for the likes fans!
Have a great weekend!
FUN.
WED, JUNE 13  DELUXE AT OLD NATIONAL CENTRE.
TIX ON SALE FRI, MAR 2  NOON : Where and when will Fun be playing?
nonplaces
you have to be worried tho.
Terrible goaltending has cast scary shadow.
Go rest of the field.
Please.
I addicted to the pops
It is really the 'American doctoram' bastardizedlarge house w yard/two carsthat induces a feeling of poverty.
I am too bored to check my timeline.
Sweet baby Jesus
have a good trip back to Bmore.
Looking forward to catching up.
I Need help naming the album!
Everybody send me your tweet..should it be 'Authenticity' or 'Unworthy Me'.
I'm really sorry to hear that!
I'm also sending both of you good thoughts!!
feel sick
could you tweet a nip slip please???
LOLL it was brilliant.
I like this quote even better.
iTell you that you smell so sweet, then you get on top of me...
Yep!
RT : Is Facebook turning into Myspace?
I heard the fireworks going off.
Did the Padoctors win?
I was surprised I could hear them.
Used to live in Pt.
Loma...
cld see SeaWld fireworks
This just in: 12 piece assorted gift boxes from Swedish chocolatier Fika Choklad.
RT : Getting pumped for our performance on tonight!
girl I don't listen to that music anymore..much as I used to love Trey Songs' music..I listen to stuff that glorifies my Maker.
good morn.
: yeah it's coming.
Just been home in mich and not online.
I tried to make it worth the wait though.
Lol
FF Smart, cool people doing smart, cool things: and
How long can you stay in the bad part of the Internet before BECOMING the bad part of the Internet?
Turbo kick time!
whats up?
i haven't talked with you in like forevezz
Lolol it's fine.
:p Thank you!!
:
Nigga, who are you.
Enjoy some of our new tunes on this gray Saturday night!
writing a song wbu
backintheday when Boss jeans were hot!
Happy Birthday bbyboy 3 3 Hope to see you again soon ;
The Daytona 500 might be rain delayed for a few days, but when it happens will win it
Easter: The day Jesus slapped YOLO in the face  Sheraz Ali
Thx for the ff You're the best!
Have you noticed the change to the LinkedIn groups?
You can now view stats, and look for group members at a specific seniority level wit
The Franklin Institute
me just joking I miss you too thou
Is there any meetup/tweetup in Hawaii?
: its totaly okay i understand.: ad sadly no i wish i was.: aw, bummer.
I'll have someone film it though
Each Positive Tomorrows student has a volunteer tutor to mentor them and help with school work!
If you want to be a tutor, let us know!
And here comes the sinus trouble :/ Time for another round of Dillen's Home Remedies.
Omg I really need to get cable.
ENDOF STORY Cereal Bowles
you wont regret that..easily the best wings in pdx!
S/O to my new followers!!!
Moreeople to eat me now!
good afternoon STRANGER!
RT follow my music blog

Sexual Frustration 
Wow, Roy got the clown suit.
Good job by Self.
: have you read Highway Robbery
Think Romney might be too soft for GOP voters this year.
Think Gingrich might have too much baggage for general election voters.
Crazy.
Jorge Posada is one of the few hitters in MLB who doesn't wear batting gloves.
His secret to keeping his hands tough?
He urinates on them.
that's sup
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
its bosh's fault for being a sissy
roommate jammin to MY music
Submitted book chapter doctorft to editors.
Hope they don't tear it apart too much.
my mom just mailed you a check but addoctorss is 718 Holland Heights NOT 715 as listed when you mail it out.
Sorry about that!
Thank you!
Happy Easter to you, too!
And congraddies!
yeah, but I'm saying even next week we will not know who ends up dying  not coming back next season.
I highly doubt it's Derek
This just in the so called experts predicting rapture today r nothing more than the work of devil trying to make real christians look dumb
hope this works because i am testingtwog number 3
I can't wait for Christmas.
What other time of the year can you sit around a dead tree and eat candy out of socks?
Days like these 
I date....
I just don't date every girl I see lol
Oh yeah !
Ok, so if you come to Disney at some point...we must meet up!
I would LOVE that!
Not planning on it, and love you, too!
I'll be back at school Monday and I'm on meds now.
there ya go Ollie.......they got one for ya!!!!
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony?
Leonardo DaVinci
And this is why we are friends.
Good luck to Towson women's lax this weekend against Penn State.
At the most amazing 3 day writing workshop!
I feel like such a productive adult right now!
Well that  every1 is approx 20 yrs older than me
Time flyin dumb fast today..
its already 1pm 
You shooting the rap video?
I'm in.
it will not turn until safe districts are made more competitive.
My rant.
looking forward to your comic!
Your welcome.
It just changed.
A few keepers and a lot of stinkers at the Park Ave Armory show last night
Thanks for the follow.
Party on, Pittsburgh!
Q3 the willingness of stakeholders to break from tradition and the ADDIE model : lol
And even later in 1st half Dan knapp receives a gift on a blocked kick and takes it in for a try.
Conversion good.
Score 138.
you're a good hippie then!!!
I still don't know why you're a hippie haha
So im sitting here with a beach view enjoying the life that god gave me, the ocean air is amazin........my mom and alriel are knocked out...
Something simple: fuck that
best veggies to throw on the grill for dinner tonight...with chix
I would sleep under the stars with you.
cool video!!!!
LOL at this guy giving me attitude at Kessler  Sons.
Bitch I'm just trying to get my instrument fixed, get the fuck out!
epic win?
hows the football thing going?
The day goes so much better when you have enough sleep!
Cast of Bridesmaids is looking hot.
Hope they get some photos in now before the Scorsese doctornking game gets to them.

damn rite
you rock my world thanks for helping a sista out!
I've been yelling at the TV all night.
Don't think my LA neighbors appreciate Bulls / Blackhawks fans
There is a statute of limitations.
Or rather, the opposite of.
You cannot root for that person until one entire year has passed.
F this.
Pie  Coffee tonight from 89!
Going to watch the movie , the killer , let's see
Another day of fielding questions and fueling speculation...oh joy!
Excited for the opportunity that is presenting itself either way.
I'll be planning your gift!
Did you see our dog getting blueberry facial from ?
RT : Loving it!!
o my god i love tht song
R.I.P Ryan Dunn
RT : As long as you keep a person down a part of you has to be down there too it means you cannot soar as you otherwise might.
The person who started the TT  provably should PROBABLY go back to grade school smh
You're forgetting that Theo made the decision to abandon the team and a contract, then screw them with compensation.
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Stand in long ass lines because the white family taking too long to order some damn popcorn.
FC Dallas organized in the back close down an opportunity
Also there's a rumor will be in Springfield the ninth.
Can anyone confirm this?
I've actually thought about that.
It was an isolated incident, but I still think about it.
went to the magic castle.
old lady clearly looked down to me as an obvious guest passer.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams that need to win immediately Kobe is only getting older!!
you just jealous cause I am tan AF ;
Your tweet makes me sad.
I correct ppl with their english just to annoy thm and thn I realize how annoying it really is when my bestie corrects my pronunciation3
Church was.....
Rather interesting.
I saw you look away Is what you've seen too much to take Or are you blind and seeing nothing?
Love when you waited for so long, and you were there for them through everything, they leave...
cool
Puddle of Mudd tomorrow night at Bogart's.
Show is almost sold out only a handful of tickets still available.
well good thing you didn't!
you need to make a statement that women aren't just good looks, they have brains too!
Have events that you want highlighted on the Carmel Daily?
Message us the info!
Took a 3 hour nap...
Guess I should prepare to be up all night...
pretty cool...right?
Happy birthday HUN :
oh, it's NBC Sports.
Never heard of that channel.
But I don't have it.
Our bus has seatbelts...
New safety cx
Why'd the Grizzlies and Clippers have to face each other in the first round?
Bump the Lakers and give us Thunder/Grizz in Round 2!
power just went out
Valerie Cassel Oliver and will give a talk at the official opening of CinemaRemixedoctorloaded as part of the HAVBiennial on...
And now for Overtime
Tempted to take a cooking class.
Wondering if Andy would come too.
Headache from hell
Thanks for the share!
xo
you only like them for them looks and btw the carrots thing is so last year hun.
MTV posted on their website about that casting but there was another email addoctorss so I resent my info to that one!
thank you for following us on the cloudy Friday in Atlanta.
thanks!
Hope you a fantastic thanksgiving!
Any seeming deception in a statement is costly, not only in the expense of the advertising but in the detrimental effect produced upon the 
That's why he be on the pirates you know cuz he spend 30 racks in zumiez
Journalism, you're doing it wrong.
: Can you call KIRO please 728 8308
Excited For New Jonas Album 38
haha lucky you
I asked if she had lotion and she looked at me like what did you just ask me
Housing finance changes likely to mean less government backing for some buyers
thanks for the FF mention :
They say you aint Grinding until you Tired ...
So I'm Grinding with my eyes WIDE !
Lil Wayne ..
i can't tell
is it true is getting fined?
Thank you for your comment/opinion!!
dont be a clown like me
Sunday brunch party  3pm today at Diva!
has the biggest heart ever 3 love you xo
eli needs to get it together
LakeShow all day
You gotta really love your man to ride on the back of his motorcycle from LA to the Bay!
The stoner Qwikster kid is apparently giving Netflix movie recs now, and they're the shyt:
Keep me posted
This audience is dead!!!!!!
that doest sound very rock n roll ;
FF Thanks for a funny week, guys.
We!
follow back ?
Pweeeeaasee !
when someone says look but don't make it obvious and you turn your head right away..you're giving it away
Goodnight everybody love you all 
FRESH NEW START!!
GOIN NEW PLACES MEETING NEW FREINDS!!!
OUT WIT THE OLD IN WITH THE NEW!!
Credit Enters a Lockdown :
IMHO it is.
Goes back to why PD, why now?
Was she scared her dx would impact her brand?
Game time thought.
I am pissed that I not only went to that Opening Day travesty, but also did not get a schedule pen!
Its been a long time i haven't tweeted!!
Good morning!
Pig  Fiddle.
starving after escaping the mall  beer was great, dinner ok.
Other patrons are loud  flirty midlife crises.
Ur opponents assume u can only b 1 thing, that u are only capable of degenerate methods, until u switch the game up  they all wondering...
are you both of Texan stock?
So much Texas in DH.
It's like marching band members out here
lol u right its a different world in cali, his convo was just outta control lol
First time on twitter in a while; using my new iPhone 4s.
Love this thing.
nice pic.
I see you stopped following me.
Lol.
What I do?
will pass it along and glad to check it out!
Thanks for posting!
of course you are free to your opinion, but it is very revealing.
No further comments from me on it, sis.
Current residents get first dibs...so talk to management today to get set up for next year!
Pokemon  anything else
If it screams, it's not food...
yet.
he stole home, hence making it one of the dumbest HBP ever.
good thing the Phils scored more run or it would have been dumb
I heard Squeeze on Rokkus the other day and it made me think 1 I love Squeeze 2 Next time they come to SF no way I'm not seeing them
Canceling your Friday night plans with your boyfriend to work on your thesis makes for a really shitty start to the weekend.
thank you!
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS!!!!
Bout to get off.
I hate my job
Love it!
Wayne is on top of every animal issue!
We do have a duty to treat animals well!
Going through my American life as though California didn't exist.
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
jeez  seems like the mariner held serve in like 2 seconds.
Now or ever, Landon wins.
It's irrelevant.
RT : hey, help me out is the LDvCD discussion about now or ever??
In Richmond today; just checked out the HistoryMobile  pretty cool!
I know that God thought of me, when he made him.
Today is ma born day but err one needs to be at ma TAURUS BIRTHDAY BASH.......THIS SATURDAY  425 RIVER ST CLUB PLATINUM rochster ny
yes I do....y did u go home early in art today???
It's a beautiful day for a soccer game.
At the Moten vs.
Burrville game
Worth noting to all the people who were worried about Jim Berkland's prediction that it didn't come true ...
WHAT COULD THIS MEAN?!
Don't totally agree w/ whistle blowers but I think the lengths the gvrnmt is going 2 stop them certainly raises red flags
This xtra long home room can go fuck itself
I'm done
If all our followers retweeted this and got somebody else to follow us, that would make me a happy kitty.
Hallucinogens wanted LSD in LA dealers message me
Out recruiting.
RT : so you wore a Giants jersey to ATL when they aren't even playing??
badform
u so should then add me :
What ouch?
I LOVE clipart!!!
It's confusing.
Praying for you to make the best decision possible for you.
Haven't been tweeting as much about
why yes, you may.
we'll send you some via parachute.
cc:
How Are All My Favorite Ppl Doin!!!
:
Whoa.
From 2011 to 2012, author submissions to the WI Book Fest almost doubled.
We're amazed.
T2: Perhaps the type of data ACOs share with HIEs will be less/different than what they collect/analyze.
Check out Events www.whatsfunnylive.com
doctorving to Ocala ..
Missing cinco de mayo..
Lame..
But I'll make up for it lol
Well, sadly, we hadn't launched yet...
But so glad to know you are not lonely anymore!!!
;
I'd give up Qdoba, wait that would be easy.
I've give up Chipotle to
Lori, this is the most creative way we have ever seen people wear a funders and founders tshirt.
You are a real trendsetter
Thanks for the shout out.
Have a great day
I imagine that yes is the only living thing.
E.
E.
Cummings
you would make my day if u tweeted me :
All theses bandwagon nd dumb heat fans are funny af but owell it is what it is lol
RT True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.
oomf better come see me sometime soon or else...
Thank You :
Happy 21st Birthday T Force!
About to cut some FIBs.
RT : Sorry bt doctorkes version of Fall for Your Type is so much stronger!
Come on Jamie F., I expected mor.....
Oil Can Boyd could take a shower in a garden hose.
Bill Spaceman Lee
okay.
but enough with the milkshake baby ...
LEMME HEAR YO' VOICE.
sing 3
Welp, that's it for S5.
Frankly, I wanted more.
BUT, at least CB are finally reunited, D is villainous, Serena is a skank.
See you soon!
RT : Do get to see play tonight fireworks and postgame
I am exhausted
Thanks to everyone who visited our booth at HIMSS12 !
We look forward to continuing the conversation!
that must also mean you don't yet follow ?
It's like highschool between my Facebook and twitter.
Neither will speak to each other and I'm in the middle
Arrgh, I'm so frustrated.
First, I have to write this tax check, now this extra bs!
Unfair.
I want a Cinnabon.
AskBieber mtvnews What inspired you for believe..
what inspires you in general?
put on some clothes
it depends where ppl r living too if I was from mid west I would rip on nasty red necks lmao
I responded to the Morris incident by buying 20 worth of G.S.
cookies immediately.
Digital literacy is more lasting.
You always subtweet .
Why can't I
he says, Justin Bieber has my hair.
:
I had to sell my halo to Cash4Gold, So I blame the economy for my attitude....
I will pray for you
for real Pan Dulce.
I just bought two today.
If I win, I'll give you a million.
It's certainly worth making an effort!
Of course having sunny weather sure doesn't hurt!
damn.
I thought y'all would been there by now
Hey Tom Tiffy here : I hope u are having a gr8 day so far!
Much 3 always.
P.S Please come to Buffalo Ny soon ok.
My goodness.
And now we've lost Donna Summer to cancer.
So sad!
All my shows having their season finales means I'm that much closer to buying them on DVD so I can watch what I've missed.
DM me  will send u a promo code to my game...it's fun!!
You won't be bored!!
David Stern forced by owners 2 block is Collusion, a lawsuit coming, CP3 can opt out  still go to L.A.
w/hornets gett'n nothing.
TGIF!!!
It's supposed to b 80 degrees this weekend!!!
You too?
lol
i am reaching out to want to talk to whoever owns that radio station.
can you have them contact me please?
Happy birthday Danny helms!
im Quitting ;
Dance Moms, really?
Reality shows have me almost convinced that there is nothing redeemable about human beings.
Season's Tweetings: Some people look good in a Santa hat.
Notice the word you is not in that sentence.
Glad you enjoyed it!
RT : Thank you a fabulous evening at Riverbend with XU Alumni and the Pops
What It Is Miss Mykie,Love Ya Work Baby Gurl...Keep Dewin Ya Thang
Good Morning Utah!
It's going to be a Fantastic Day!
yoou just have to keep trying and never give up xo
Im bored as fuck
Linkin Park on iTunes festival today sweet!
YO UMW.
Sammy D.
Eagle will be bopping around campus collecting donations for Relay for Life, make sure you stop and give him a dime or 2!
Nice!
I erred in the other direction.
Had to buy a black tshirt to replace my tux shirt so I could be in all black.
Thank you all so much
Ricky wants to be a good influence to me all of a sudden lol
Can you get my mom to FaceTime me?!?!?
twitter is bein stupid right now so goodnight:
Of course I picked Viola Davis, the pride of Rhode Island.
yea and us beliebers don't 'play' on the god damned club penguin
I did It and I'm doing it everyday !
: 3
Will our baltimore councilmembers would promote 5 minute living and better quality of life?
completestreets  bikelanes help too!
Man on my flight is a cross between justin timberlake and matthew gray gubler Im in LOVE
I need to start running again...took 5 days off
We had a fantastic live show this morning!
Were YOU watching?
umm...you were in Nashville and didn't call me???
:
Senior Day for Andoctorw Larkin, Sam Weiss, and Miles Cole.
Final round of our 2012 season....
'Abdu'lBahÃ¡ retires for the evening.
Tomorrow will attend a meeting of the New York Peace Society.
Stay tuned!
One does not simply stay on the internet for just five minutes .
: hi unc how u been I'm good, chilling wit a blunt!
How about u?
Looks like im already done lining up Bands that will play at Jonathan's in Newton weekly.
: Some good cover bands and solo acts.
It's getting kinda dark out there...
POOL TIME!
What's happen twitter world iam back!
RT What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
Viola Davis
Yes Meekeeeez......I'm sittin up here getting my plans together now.
Haha!ill be there Saturday night.
iThink
Do playwriting programs offer course called Discover Your Ending?
Maybe they should!
Hey yall whats been going on lately
Any of my knoxville peeps that have Verizon, we're giving away a 100 gift card with any upgrade or activation here at hhgregg clinton hwy
WOOHOO!!
RT : Fun photoshoot with Good times can't wait to see the photos!
Thank u :
you are my life!
your my superluv!
I have been watching ever since fred is dead!
you are MY EVERYTHING!
your sexy too ;
at the mall gonna do some DocterStalker on some really hot guys with Nicole ;!
OHHHYAAA!!!
carlos!
u crazy man!
wasn't that bad!
crickets tasted like sunflower seeds
Buffalo Bills getting serious national love for their doctorft
I seem to be having some problems accessing my Tropopowered apps, and the application debugger.
Anything to be concerned about?
sweet Brewers hat!
I salute the inventor of chocolate covered espresso beans.
Time to get out!
Contract seems long, man.
I worry about Ersan getting PT, and I feel like this definitely means we have some rooks in the DLg
Seeking to interview atlanta area brides using innovative ways to save on wedding gown.
Email:
I will be looking forward to the kazoo solo in STL!
good riddance Viqeens to Los Angeles hello Rams
Hopefully they will take a chance
cooling wut up doe
Contentment is a powerful motivator.
Now I want to get ready to make it all happen again next weektomorrow.
Just got trapped in the elevator and none of the buttons worked and I saw my life flash before me.
Rainy Nights Like This Wish I Cuddled With Someone And Watch A Movie Instead Of Being Cuddled With My Blanket ,  In The Dark.
3
I love art I live art
Why do I feel like that guy from 's Sweet Genius is going to kill me in my sleep?
Wish my friends would actually support me.
just chill!
Be strong in who you are!!
Kick 'em to the curb for being too harsh!!
RT : Krystle's being all magical as she taliks to her pumpkin telling him to move
what's wrong with it?
anyone got extra tickets to wango tango?
hmu :
So excited for 80's/90's event at GOLD  Details soon.
he better.
treat yo self two thahsnleven
holy fuck i just died laughing cause i google imaged Bill Cosby.
hahahahahahahaha
The reason people don't change is because people don't let them change.
Okay, seriously?
We should bottle that aroma ...
LOL ...
Wish you were on yo way!!
just curious: why are you forgoing page images altogether?
couldn't they at least be useful additions?
Here's t boredom!
what can I do to become the 45th person you follow?
It would be an honor.
thank you!
MENTION THIS TWEET TO RECEIVE 35 OFF MAKEUP SERVICES THROUGH MONDAY!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!
black people can blush?
GROSS RT : Would you be willing to take an injectable doctorg to get an instant tan?
Melanotan on
One last exam tomorrow then back to Chicago for break.
Always good to go home and see close friends getting weird .
.
.
my teacher gives us work that she never tought!!
I still can't believe that it is almost February!
for filing payroll taxes of their clients employees and, in the process, reduce the amount of burdensome paperwork for small businesses.
Thanks Senate.
You're the best.
how's everybody doing today??
pretty hot here in NYC still, gonna stay indoors for sure..
plain Jane
Many of the world's best artists were Italian.
Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, Raphael  heroes in a halfshell, TURTLE POWER.
The only thing that gets me through a workout is imaging being REALLY good at karaoke.
Or on Broadway.
lost 0.8 pounds since his last weighin!
He's lost 21.8 pounds so far.
I miss Amsterdam
...age and started thinking in broader terms.
He didn't come from old wealth, his family was upper middle class.
He realized he...
I don't need anger management.
People just need to stop being so stupid
I never realized how badly the projector in this room mangles the picture until watching 's video.
Some love lasts a lifetime.
True love lasts forever.
BE My Valentine
don't ya think that would be a awesome album cover
Ah....hello Monday..
Have a great game today mate!
Q4 Not willing to move.
That's me.
Outside of NYme being unhappy.
I really feel for unemployed NYC MLS holders.
u better follow me now lol
What's got 27 new videos in its Hiphop, Soul and Pop channels?
The independentvideochannel.com ...Enjoy!
Ah!
Why the hell are you making us sit on the floor.
Great to see Jordan Caron having an impact after a couple years of being on the Providence shuttle
Baltimore!
What awesome local shows do you know about?
Open mics?
Let us know!
And, thanks again to L.A.C.E.
Magazine for the plug!
Just registered for We.
So.
Excited.
that's nice.
Hey Is your church in Phoenix.
Looking a place to send a family
I ball so hard...
I tear my
fair enough  was a mustache away from being balboni, too!
Thanks in large part to 's time and diligence, we'll be signing final papers on Friday and homeowners shortly thereafter!
Those people on the life after meth posters look pretty successful if thats not a reason to do meth idk what is!
such a busy weekend,i became so tired,i want my Monday off.
it's not enough to imagine!
Darn the phone battery, I love your doctornken tweets!
Happy birthday !
RIP Christopher Wallace..AKA BIGGIE, AKA B.I.G, AKA BIGGIE SMALLS.
YOU DEFINITELY REPRESENT
Xaphoon jones is a genius
Norah Jones is coming to Milwaukee in October.
I'm going to see her.
I'm going to ask her to marry me.
Is she still married?
Doesn't matter.
12 and a half days of school left, SUMMER.3
I hate situations like these and I always happen to go through them
If you don't know who Alex, Robert, Tyler, Zach, Frankie, Dave, Michele, Romo, or Angel are, then please, do not call yourself a Mahomie.
Wishing 6 hours really only meant 6 minutes.
thank you.
That's good to know
tell that to her!!
Hahaha it was soo funny!
If they can replace the entirety of a woman's breasts in a film digitally, there is a chance this could be photoshopped.
What the fuck was Justin bieber doing at that fight
really?
How come?
I totally wanted to see it :/ i love Edward Scissorhands as well!
Total classic.
heck yea!
Lol
I was going to but naah not anymore!
Just gonna be like me, mom, sister, gma, Kiona, Randi, and who else knows!
:ojfbdxn LOL
RT : How to terrify your cow: Tell her that McDonalds has sold about as many Hamburgers as there are Stars in our Milky Way galaxy
your beast :!!!!
you got justin bieber planking!!!!!
lol : godbless you
Hi Roberta.
Any idea when you will be at the expo?
It's at a diff location this year.
So tired of school....
And I start college next year...
Great...
More school...
Never.Give.Up
I see lightning!!!
sucks your not here, man.
Think you can make later?
lol I promise if u like m.i.a u should like her.
Thanks for the mention.
Keep up the good work.
Really informative tweets.
People always tell me that Austin's perfect personality is all just an act.
NO IT'S NOT.
He actually cares about us  that's why I love him.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power
Yes!
That is my problem as well.
On our cruise the lady in the spa wanted me to buy something w/out sal.
acid but too pricey!
Alright, I think I'm gonna be out in a few.
Gotta hit up my main bitch to get more doctorke songs I ain't even heard of .
Police blocked off 15th below G this evening.
It was a perfect, traffic free street crossing
Whatever it is that you're doin, do it big and do it good.
Extra good like cudi
A ff shoutout to who finally jumped onto Twitter!
Athlete, u of oregon grad and flipping awesome guy!
Feh.
If you want something to stay unannounced until things are confirmed, DON'T TELL ANYONE, MARIA.
don't worry, its early in the season, still plenty of time to sign you up for an ironman too ; Good luck with
Listen to Van Halen...
Ahh it was so good!!
I loved it!!!!!
You're such an amazing writer seriously.
I was like dying
I get it.
; RT : When waiting for an app to be installed on her mother's iPhone, my daughter declares Seconds are too long.
whyrelationshipsdontlast Our society is to blame
Here by the Washington Monument!
Next to the stage, off Independence Ave and 15th Street
The Planet Water Foundation water tank is up and running!
ttp://twitpic.com/2es64u
Love your ebook!
Just starting with private practice; worried about family insurance  startup cash.Big doctorams!
300 followers but I bet 10 actually car about what I have to say....FUCK YEA :D
Lick my center of gravity
No, he didn't.
I was peaceful like a Buddhist, But then folks came and screwed it up like Judas...
KNAAN
Have u seen the book Red Harvest it about jedi battleing the undead zombies in the star wars universe
Straight up elbow on alfredson
Just finished working out with .
Awesome
RT You're not supposed to look back, you're supposed to keep going.
yes...
now I am heading out to lunch : food
that's messed up lol
thanks girl!
I just got emotional lol
agreed but I look at IU as a rewarding warmup for a tough Baylor matchup.
MavsThunder Game 5 tickets on sale at 10 a.m.
Saturday.
Mavs.com, 214.747.MAVS and American Airlines Center Box Office.
Kirko Bangz doctornk In My Cup
took me a minute to figure out why students were tweeting about something called LDOC.
Duh.
The giants have figured wolf out the third time around
Yearend tax strategies that, if implemented before a taxpayers liability is finalized, could make a significant difference.
Contact Us.
We're glad you are here, Preston!
RT : DBUalum serving in the Office of
The real da Vinci code: Louvre unlocks last work
Before Steve Blake was making big Game 7 shots, he was out mugging people in the back alleys of LA
McDaniel bound to DJ Winter Formal 2011
The Town Car is powered by a 4.6 Liter V8 that produces 239 horsepower and 287 lb.feet of torque
Ordering extra pickles  Roscoe diner.
They're great!
FF new design agency about to do big things!
I can't believe you are not the mayor yet haha : or are you?
who cares, she's an eternal screwup and hopefully one day she will grow up and be a mother to her son
Move over George Clooney, Mark Bouris can put his slippers under my bed any day!
follow back: you know u wanna;
Watching Roseanne's Nuts.
I must say I fuckin love this woman !!
Check out the newest promo for thenewrsoom!
Looks amazing!

if your AVi is really you...
Don't lie ee
: Love that people are tweeting about their First Concert experience using the 140cuse tag.
Check out from !
so what is yo name
Seeing my friend Arlena perform in My Dark Side of the Moon at Next Stage Theater.
Looking for a KML file or a Shapefile?
The dataset is pretty big, so it's taking a while for our system to generate the file.
these unsalted almonds are actually pretty god damn good.
My team won the championship!
Yeah Scorpions:
glad to hear it : love you too babe
Dose any1 know how to get in contact with meek millz camp I need a jalil beet
NFL nike jerseys so fresh
I feel like I'm judgmental as fuck but this is very true regardless
You're welcome!!
What lens do you use?
And you too!
: hopefully I'll see you soon!
Thank you so much.
I am glad, too.
I'm sure this extended scene of him doctorving to work and buying gas is leading into something!
Many people might think this idea is wrongbut if you CHEAT on me you can say bye for good, and byebye to your kids too.
You chose it.
lol
OMG!
SaySomethin IS AMAZING!
I absolutely love it!
I can feel an addiction coming on!
3
I didn't know your son was that young George Zimmerman.
What does that mean!?
You got your guards up, I do too.
There's things we might discover, cause you got a past and I do too.
We're perfect for each other.
Something like that.
His response to questions about it was boggling.
Wonder if Pedoctoria will defend him....
no.
I know I'm awesome :D
I will sadly give up seeing you this summer for you to stay in Australia for a while longer.
Just want u to be happy.
I accidentally spilled a cup of OAuth tokens on it.
RT : I look forward to voting for Barrett on June 5th to defeat Scott Walker.
UNITY
You constantly have to be pivoting.
Lizbeth Cardozo on overcoming digital challenges in the StartUp World.
I really should stop snacking at my desk.
My work area got attacked by ants over the weekend.
Just used to contribute funds to 's birthday party.
It's like a mini kickstarter for events.
Great idea
I will take your word on that!
Lol
: sis don't fwmI CALLED AND TEXTED U BRO, no reply no answer
Will do!
Thanks
OMG DID YOU COVER IT?!?!?
omg
Satire comes in many flavors.
Happy green eggs and birthday cake to Laraine Newman, Tom Wolfe and doctor Seuss today.
wats up to my followers n shout out to my new 1s
Ouchyyy .
but still think positive .
lol Aaron is growing up so fast :' lololololol
Junior better be player of the game he saved their ass tonight
No surprise here...
RT Decisions get made 25 faster when people TALK rather than when an email chain goes on and on...
Hodads is now at Petco Park!?
Epic
You're learning, young padawan.
Don't forget about our information session Sunday night at 8pm in MGC 200.
We hope to see you there!
Thanks 4 the note 2day !
Hope the in Chi is treating u well 2night!
Sipping some in South Flo!
WELL alrighty then
Come on Sens.
Take down the Rangers tomorrow thus setting up Caps Flyers rd2.
Keep hope alive for a Caps Kings SCF aka a 7vs8 final.
sunset junction this weekend!
..Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.Ayn Rand Quote MT 
Biz Dev Sunday.
Have you thanked a soldier lately?
You can start w/one of our own  Sensei Steve!
Today marks his 2 year anniversary w/ the Nat'l Guard!
that's my background on my phone : hehehe
It's official.
I'm in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th.
Woohooo
...he clearly falls a few inches short n iz far lighter than expected far !
lighter
Pakistani journalist : Salmaan Taseer murder almost inevitable result of sensationalist media campaign.
I am gonna call it a night already my eyes are shutting  i got a headache!
Resident Evil:Retribution will be released on September 14th 2012
turkey, squash, wild rice  raspberries!
doctorscollsMoments I can't take it anymore taste buds gonna explode!!!
who the he'll do you think you are.
ha kbye
Does anybody know why the Mac terminal highlights text with black after an ssh connection is lost and how to change this behavior?
We know that romance brings out the beast in you.
get'r done sister!
: the notion that Native Amers r from a lost tribe..no thx We're all good from here thank ya
Cold side of the pillow 
The three most POWERFUL words any female can tell a guy: I'm bicurious
Sounds like a great idea.
Definitley interested.
but it's Monday!
....god luck with that lie  Yikes
Great webinar today.
I was able to attend the first 45min, looks like a great tool!
RT If you LOVE :
omg what?!
Are you ok?!
Twice?
Today has been CURSED......
yes sir most definitely!
Be back in the states tomorrow.
Tryna see what to do this weekend
RT : Thanks for the follow My GonBops are 25 years old.
Like old friends.
They play fantastically and look grt.
Sorry, Jen.
Gonna have to stay loyal to my man :
you got the mother load you got the stuff i like every time Im with u babe i just get cite
If I ever include in a tweet RT if you or any variation of this, feel free to unfollow me.
I'd deserve it.
And this tweet doesn't count.
I would love to make a song with u!!!
Your voice is incredible!!
I was on youtube listening 4 a hour mesmorized by it!!
3
Gonna go eat sushi wit and laters tody tho.comin wit a new mix soon either spooky or xmas mix
YW!
RT Thanks for the info !
I think we'll doctorve; figured lot would be full by now.
Gotta pay our respects to
hahaha seriously becuase what I was about to type would have been foul, dirty and ranchet LMAOO
Queen City Grill..happy hour til 6:30!
!
Check Urbanspoon for flash specials and daily discounts!!!
I did.
I've been very confused by that.
Nothing the NBA does ever seems to make much sense.
Yes.:D Why?
big bowl of creamofwheat!!
last night was a good timee :
At work, kinda bored guess that means I'm caught up?
PDX Peeps: Best outdoor happy hour in Portland?!?
Thoughts?
Great point  thanks!
I saw that all nature is chivalrous and militant.
We do wrong to see peace in nature; we should rather seek..
Being in the ER with my babygirl is not how i planned my early morning to go
I love digital April Fool's Day jokes 
SometimesIGetSickOf Fake Friends
Also finding the screenshots from usesforwhitespace meme that's started to be quite funny.
Dope ppl united ;
I was under impression the entire doctorw for Gov Dayton was the idea of creating a yearround facility for youth sports, etc.
: Thanks.
It's gone by quickly but it's also seemingly taken forever.
What a conundoctorm!
Fuck what they be talking bout , they opinion doesn't count..we the only thing that matters
have you worked with us yet?
Would love to connect!
ur not following me?!
Follow me back I need to message u
Welcome a new 16x20 heat press into our print shop.
It has an automatic lift!
SWEET
Deep down, Mariah wants me 
Take an empty, lifeless room and hang one of your favorite images in it.
Watch it come to life.
omg we open today
writing more of your stories any time soon?!:
Just YouTubed my first Sufjan Stevens song.
might be proud.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give  Winston Churchill
What a Racquet: Prince is Bankrupt  Memphis Flyer
Good Lord Darius...
Ow!!!April fools dayBe ready losers'n'geek
's response I want all the dogs.
Can I change my RSVP?
RT I rented the karaoke machine today but they did not have any backstreet or nsync sorry
mister 2500, surgery for yet to be determined issue 5500  long recuperation in crate.
Couldn't do that to 13 yr old dog.
:
gonna start my day off by watching NeverSayNever : I 3 you :
It's just a little rain.
Bring your rain boots; snuggle in a corner with a glass of wine!
Not at all, just being a little condescending.
Show some love to the rest of the Commonwealth.
Ixnay on Morey A.
I hear they're picking up a new Jinx Falkenberg program instead.
OK so this lion and cheetah raced the cheetah won and the lion said you a cheetah and the cheetah said nah you lion!
winter x  rootbeer floats.
'Cause I'm as free as a bird now.
And this bird you cannot change.
tonight just sounds like a good night to chill out with loveyou  FRIDAYNIGHT
Sammy's shoe chair is on display at BVEN Boutique in our shoe lounge.
Stop in, have a seat, try on a new pair of shoes....
Rule 32: Enjoy the little things Zombieland
did you now right handed people live longer than left handed people?
Listen bro, you're wearing a Hollister shirt.
So sit down; and shut the fuck up.
I'm reading 'The Extra 2' by Really enjoying it so far.
RT : Answer: Text
TY for following!
Total of places we went to at was 33.
Wow.
: Speak it into existence.......
Turkey club sandwich hold the bacon and an orange juice.
students : summer media/pr internship open for the 2012 VIA Music  New Media Festival
it was a pleasure to finally meet you this evening :
I love it.
I am trying not to bust out laughing.
Her facial expressions are to funny.
You know..
I'm good at pranks I got you!: haha
Washed Out/Cut Copy OR MFF2011  Help me make this very tough choice about what to do tonight...
You going to basketball game?
And N.D.
just eating shots and taunting him.
Successful allnighter...But not over yet...
Getting ready to blast second training session today for An actor but more serious in his training than many pro athletes
Smash things?
We are starting on Hardcore, which sounds terrifying to me.
whoa.
Was self absorbed and didn't realize you were going through this crap too.
Which type of this bastard are you fighting?
Only if she new how i really felt.
gotta go down eating the good stuff.
AT 197 and holding!
telling great stories for prville group
nice punctuation on the espanol!
had a great date day with Kipp: started with some shopping, then a relaxing duo massage, then watched The Help at the movie theatre!
15 In A Bit Wassup , Hot Ass Weather Though :/
Major reason I use Google is not work related.
It has an awesome photography community
check facebook....
You're in!
ah poor rose :
Dude you are hijacking my 114 amwriting session son!
Hello MN winter!
thanks.
We need all we can get :
I just got so happy.
I know will too: MT PepsiMax brings back cheating CokeZero delivery guy for SuperBowl ad.
I believe it.
Flying right now is so unbelievably expensive because of fuel.
God so loved the world that he gave his only son for our sins.
ALLDAY!!
RT : You know you fuck'in her so good you got her legs shaking
Don't know personally, but I very much doubt it.
thank you Jackie!
:
we can totally take her to Hollywood parties and she'd probably out doctornk us
We open the season tomorrow vs.
Colorado State.
Are you ready?
opens in LA, NY  Austin today.
It serves as proof that needs to be cast in more films!
great!
see you there.
:
And the 231 mil.
inflation and 95  unemployment??!
MT : As we approach Mayday let us reflect on the great progress we have made.
No she didn't
Whos coming out for BIGHAIR Night tonite?
Rock that Big SEXY 80's Do  get in for FREE!
Jay Kruz will be in the House!
Doors
Even though Spencer said to acquire links from PDFs, I don't think it's worth the effort.
HTML is easier.
what can kill a heart?
love, and some other stuff.
what can heal a heart?
the problem i cant figure out.
No friends
WhenIGetBored I dance and sing around in my room
Thanks for the kind words, Navid?
Really appreciate the support.
I'm probs gunna move to the south when I'm older
I dnt want to leave tcc its the best thing to ever happen to me!
please anyone who can help me please send a letter to the TPS school CEO!!!
You're too funny!
Alright!
Alright!
Alright!
I dislike it when u open a mag  u see women in clothing that like could only fit ppl who where a size 2 honestly wht happened 2 curves
First bite of monthold Pringles: not so bad.
Second bite: Stale.
Salt and vinegar only temporarily masks the taste.
Internet explorer launched a new add campaign?
Thats just sad
i was at wests prom and i swear i thought i saw , or his twin....
Thanks for following !
Let's not be strangers :
haha you guys
Since I need to be on this for my archaeology class, I might as well use it.
: tweet tweet!
NO RT I just read an article talkin about how much more happier you'd be if you kept having sex with your ex
chep3 Powerful examples of reflection, digital storytelling creates a whole new perspective on understanding
But don't THEY always say that money doesn't matter?
I was surprised that he knew pure english.!
OO
rachael wouldn't let you either!
Lol :
Lez go USA
Been a rush since I got home.
Dinner all cooked by other half and tea in travel mug.
Off to forest of dean now :
RT : Annoying job interview question: Why would you like to work here?
Uh, to get a paycheck, smart one.
GET BATTIER OUT GOD DAMNIT!!!!!!!!!!
Over here feeling some kinda way ..
Did you get hacked or was it your manager?
Ha.
Very true.
Very true.
dont know what u talkin bout.
is this card friendly or should we load up on cash?
Thanks.
Stores are closing at 2:30pm for a company meeting.
We're back at 6:30am tomorrow
One of the most delightful products of our industrial farming system is pink slime, aka lean, finely textured beef, a slurry of a..
Making moves today  it's about time.
Let me tell you hard work pays off
Can i leave now
My man BowWow, hope to God you don't do nothing stupid to yourself and everything.
Still praying for you
God knew you would do that....
Im exhausted!
turnoutthe lights
2 flasks at doctor wedding with jesus music  godsend
Chocolate is so good, dogs are really missing out.
sounds fun put me on the list
Spent quality time w/good friends last night.
Feeling grateful today.
How about you?
I swear I fell asleep a couple of hours ago.
To predict the future, we need logic; but we also need faith and imagination, which can sometimes defy logic itself....
I never clap and tell ;
There would be snow on a leapday....its not even a real day
I was just looking on your page and laughing.
Idek why.
getting the final issues to the printer is always a major relief.
Can't wait to share it with you!
...print reward flyers for distribution!
go to www.fortheloveoflisa.com and click on the Spread the Word tab!!!
what up Britt?
yea hopefully u get a reply from James
Sunsets remind me of you b/c of that one time you said sunsets look better when you're high.
Miley is so hot :
The people around me start to annoy me more and more everyday.
Do you have any paperbacks of Imaginary Girls yet?
I want one!
Blackberry Sounds interesting!
Thankyou for the follow.
Iam alao following you!
Gnome surfer project
RT Vinyl sales have already increased by 41 in 2011, according to Nielsen Soundscan.
Just sayin'.
Every girl...Has that one conversation running in their head of what they wish hed say.
Lowest point for Colts in 10 years though.
Was it lowest rated SNF ever?
Get a life...
To all of those haters who like to create doctorma.
Casilla doing what he does best against the Tigers!
I fell judged
I wanna go to north carolina and visit
what are you trying to do
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
RIP: Steve Jobs  the world has come to love and depend on you, and your electronics, and you will be sadly missed.
May you rest in peace.
Excited for Summer Social today !
facebook would be best.
I'm getting there, fast or slow, I'm going to achieve it.
Turns out, the weekend wanted only to devour my immune system whilst out with friends.
/// I'm done ranting.......BuzzardsFor NamesakeFab Five coming soon for all of my TRUE fans........true QUALITY HIP HOP fans.
Looking forward to meeting you!
Excited by our OKL sale 4/26 Rt: Thrilled to be here at the DBC2012!
Hey Sam, never heard back from ya about trading food for Internet marketing work.
We're game if you are!
Just got my first ticket so that's awesome.
thank YOU!
Really?
I got up at 6 a.m.
and spent an hour at the gym?
Am I on doctorgs?
Wow this week is been full of surprises...
I'm just happy I survived
Thank you for doing the exhausting gruntwork of reporting this story live for us to follow online.
everyone get ready for Disconsolation!
saturday!
tell all your friends to give it a listen, I promise it sounds sick!
next weekend will be so much better, with the long lost best friend 3  birfday party with the fammmm 3
Today's Theme: sweet, sweet redemption!!
:
aci12 a special thanks to Peter Troast of for inviting me up to present on his roundtable!!
There have really been some great concerts this year!
Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Thank you for the shout out!
The ONE day that I don't have my ID, because I left it in my f speeding tix envelope, I get carded at TWO places?!
Coming down to the wire.
Rehearsals tomorrow and Sunday.
New Playwrights festival April 27th and 28th.
Show opens May 6th.
Crazy fab.
life!
The roads look great!!
Git on down here!
I swear I be doing boss sh!......
Im proud of my damn self!!!
It was a great panel!
I found out about it 2 hours before and was glad I could join.
Double stacks no longer a dollar...the world must be ending.
in the middle of bloodlines and i just want people to leave me alone so i can READ READ READ!
Michigan wins only because of the kickers awesome beard and 'stache.
He needs a nickname.
bestdefenceinpremierleague.
That is all
yes yes you are.
That way I'll get to see you.
So rethinking where to go now.
says could get a job if he could just skip the interview.
: I have the best girlfriend anyone could ask for ...
She is just one of my many blessings Thank you Lord I love you baby 
This has been the week from hell.
Anyone else feel like their follower number is off?
Ours seems to keep decreasinge even with notices of new followers daily.
.
SO FREAKING AWESOME!
Wish I could've been at that talk
I watched Turkey Bowl this weekend., I liked it, and you are a natural!
Good job, Troy :
: Lol what a friend you are quit sub tweeting,
I just sent  an uber long email.
Totally jealous you get to eat there  hang with them.
I don't one anymore tho but u can always make it a tweet lol
There's always going to be someone to judge you, and you really can't do anything about it.
So just be yourself.
I have NEW artwork at Art Whino's FLIK and the DC Art Center's Wall Mountables!
...who doesn't dig robots and chihuahuas?
Clintonville farmers market goes until noon!
Ron Artest is a straight up thug.
Not even getting a new legal name would change that, though he's from not to far from my hood...
advenchas I'm jamming out with myself right now
Go on Savevideo.me and put in all the links in there one by one...It took a while but I got all of them downloaded :
hmm please check with live help, it might not be available on your package
I call my sense of style posttaste.
It's very progressive.
Last AP exam maÃ±ana
no venue has contacted us yet.
If we get the chance we'll make it happen!
Not yet...
I'm just not sure exactly what to say!
If my paper was in better shape, I'd send him a doctorft...
Hey Monster .!!
How Are You .?
i am going to keep tweeting you untill you follow me.....lol jk
Just want this school year to be over with already.
Will you plz follow me
When people give you unnecessary attitude  yeah, you're cool.
Kinda hoping the new showrunner for Community is Chevy Chase
If soy sauce undermines the health benefits of my quinoa and KZX tonight, I don't wanna know.
CC:
we are going to tie die when we go to my camp, okay?
you better be able to come!!!
Yeah, authoratarian comments on an unresearchable topic make you sound like a twat.
Which dead person did you speak with?
RT : French offer full surrender  welcome lightning as their new leader.
: Lightning hits French president's plane
I is so hungry right now I could eat a small child
Derek Mitchell picked as US ambassador to Burma.
Still no word on selecting an ambassador to Burma Shave.
It would also be nice to visit the folks at Simpleview the next time I come out
Wonder if the Warhol Gun that sold was the one that appeared in Iron Man 2.
lol its not the board game, its on the xbox lol
follow !
follow !
follow !
Wait!
I forgot I had 16 more Husbands ..
Woops!
;
PORTLAND....GOTCHA in the crosshairs!
Thank you!
I love doing it
New watch :D yee!
ty swag:
Are you coming out with anymore music videos for AYNIN ?
CNNdebate was a victory for RonPaul, Grassroots spreads slow, but won't die.
cause we got ROOTS and will continue to grow
No sleep tonight, only Pandora
Hehehe...
just take up the slack.

1 time, I was a Lakers fan, when REAL men played for the team.
No more.
My heart bleeds thunder blue THUNDERUP!
welcome back!
looking forward to seeing you.
will be in touch about sched.
Valentines Day is around the corner.
Book a room for that special night at the Comfort SuitesLawrenceville.
Just saw a band I love sing a song I love in a place I love.
Amazing.
Great set,
well zendaya fans how are you all doing tonite?????
Dot be callin me from no unknown numbers on that bs
Less than 2 weeks until SACFair!
So excited to see everyone!
Love is photogenic.....
Sometimes It has to go through a lil darkness to develop.
now following my new teamisterndom buddy 
UConn may have won tonight, but they will get destroyed by Marquette
Minnesota vikings might move to l.a.?
LAVIKINGS?
you are so very awesome!!!
Can't wait.
Wrigley Rooftop sounds like a blast.
summertimechi : yes and yes!
I'm 100 50/50 about going to the HRC Gala this weekend.
Happy almost easter!!!
hear hear
Farmer's Market inspired vegetarian sandwich recipe  undefined
Idc if my moms mad I had the best day with  :
Eating dinner with my family and friends while enjoying my vacation!
:
We are out on Long Island.
It's going to be in the low 70s all week!
naw.
I'm outta there.
On a mission.
I'll call you when it's a mission accomplished.
Come see me with the rest of the cast and crew from CREATURE!
We open today and will be  Chinese Theater  8:00!
Future of IT study from NASA JPL CIO premier100conf work w/anyone from anywhere w/ any data using any device  any time
Almost done reading the second Hunger Games book

Today's quick tip: to invite healthy energy into your home, keep shoes away from the front door!
Got something to add?
The always fab Sina Soul is in our Black Diamond Lounge tonight.
Please join us!
6:30p9:30p
no texas open?
So nervous for the quinceanera but hope it all goes Awomee 
I miss u....i said we should chill
61 of Facebook users who identified as Super Bowl fans posted status updates during the game in 2011.
Thank you both for coming and supporting!
RT : RT : off to Gallery's Gala event  happy 20th!
congrats on graduating.
Enjoy the day it'll go by fast.
Wish I could be there
Turned out to be a beautiful night...
C'mon out  play Om Lounge....
Likewise!
appreciate all the great advice!
hey can you tell me who won the game 
I just caught a bunch of kids trying to jump my fence.
The funniest part is my fence isn't locked...
If you want a brick home in a school zone, with the doors locked  alarms on, girl you're way off track, I'm a little more country than that
ain't they?
i never tweet you anymore cause obviously you have more fans but still i thought i'd take a chance and say good night .
:
Please follow mee?
:
: Sorry, why?
I tell my dog he is my best friend in the form of an original song.
I'd never actually talk to my human BFF that way...so, I don't know.
remember when eleanor was my icon and people thought that was creepy wtvr.
I hate that people forget how to doctorve when it snows.
These niggas so thirsty
I woke up to see you guys following me...
it's been a good morning!
:
Just you wait...the pics will hit FB soon
Why would you buy followers?
Most of them are from a 3rd world country or spam.
its so much better to make them now...now that we have a 15 minute limit imposed by
u in new Orleans?
can't wait to get there for
FindingMeAgain When life got hard, I would go stand on my twobytwo yard...
I had a place for hope...
I was grateful.
thats why he was smiling 
Right how convenient I was 4.
I must've really understood that World Series run while wearing my Jeter jersey
The victorias secret pandora ad is really the only one I don't mind
...episode will be in TRUE CLEAR 720p HD!
YESS!
Even adults sometimes have a hard time eating their veggies.
Whats your least favorite vegetable?
man stallion?
Like a Centaur?
if you haven't had the chance, visit americanwonks.com for lots of great wonk challenges and professorles.
New ones are coming soon!
That was deep.
...
you guys sound great on TV :
not the tool I was actually expecting : wasted again on california red?
happy HAPPY hour.
what would I have to do for you to say, Sade, I will do your website!
I thought the steelers play calling was strange.
Saints trying to run on 3rd and goal?
nowplaying Stefon Harris, A Cloud of Red Dust
he rides BMX?
haha.
I haven't noticed that yet  needed the laugh!!
RT : reading Foul, the story of Connie Hawkins.
candidate for a 30 in 30,
RT u r a true patriot mister Forbes!
I'll never forget your devotion to my amazing Governor.
You're a great person!
I think you forget sometimes hun.
Nerds are sexy, BUT not all of them.
But many times, it is up to the ticket buyer to customize tweet.
Can we as sellers do that?
sands watchin the daughter play bb.
Go
oomf loves to hurt my feelings  night.
And rain falls angry on the tin roof.
As we lie awake in my bed.You're my survival, you're my living proof.
My love is alive and not dead.
HOLY CRAP THAT'S 20 MINUTES FROM MY HOUSE AND 4 DAYS BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY!!!
WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!!
:D
Today is a good day for him.
But thank you for the RT  compliment.
we back fa more....3 peat, ya dig?
Watching a documentary called Being Elmo.
Who knew watching a show about the man behind the hand behind the puppet would be so interesting!
Okay, what happened?
;
The Library of Virginia will be closed on Saturday, January 14, but open on Friday, January 13, and Monday, January 16.

how is it working out for you?
89384495969696960372626261536.....
Was I shouting or talking at a normal volume?
I love Penny, so I would definitely try another metallic from Zoya!
Thanks, gimme a sec on that ill be back wit u..lol
Oh yes, I would love pizza and cake for my birthday.
Why don't we just go to Chuckie Cheese?
The Basics of Ball Position and Golf Swing
oh ya I doctorpped that there.
gimme ;
glad to help!
This just in .
A bizarre story about a nurse, a mad scientist and medical records.
Up next.
Stay tuned.
Heard on channel two.
Was really sweatin' getting that last tweet down from 200 to a cool 120.
Only took about 15 mins.
Little victories  what life's all about.
I totally agree!
Mixtapes are the best.
I just found a bunch from college!
Dated myself with that comment.
:
From your love is my doctorg to there tour that is happening now .
I love these boys and all the other ICONiacz i can forever call my family3
This black cloud can STOP following me today...
Ooh they look nice!
childhoodtv  The Amanda Show : This is the court room of Judge Trudy ; Bring in the dancing lobsters!
April is FinancialLiteracyMonth!
From taxes to IRA contributions, make sure your team of Financial experts are on their job!
I am so hungry
3 deaths for us this year, my toddler doesn't grasp it.
Keep memories alive as long as you can.
They will fade 4 her
I could see Jason Statham in that role
Happy TFIF Friday!
What are your plans for Earth Day?
Where are you right now?
Your tweets are all over!
You should track down Jasmine at Flying Fish in Mt.
P.....laidback look always catches my eye
: MentionTo your friend who talks so loud.
I did but I can't find it
Just heard an announcer say David Wright isn't playing tonight cause he has a sore pinky.
Back in the Saddle After 9 Trips to Rehab
Author Lynee Gaillet will speak  8AM session on rhetorical gateways
lol u gotta turn the tables some times
Thank you for the sweet comment That's a major compliment coming from a pro like you: x
I still can't believe what's happening to Alaric...
TVDFamily I am scared.
uh.
What do ya think it's going to happen with him?
x
And only u can give a breathe of life but you dont see me
Ocean Grill?
wishing D Rose was playing tonight...Not to worry with the Bench Mob in the house.
Go Bulls!
Ewww I really wish dickmovies wasn't a trending topic right now!
MY MUM SAID I CAN BUY THE VOCALIZEU AP!!!
I'm gonna win this contest3
Assuming I can keep my phone and Skype quiet long enough, I will.
:
your doctorams have come true.
The legend has joined twitter!
I just let out the weirdest scream.
Sheamus pinned Damnit.
Merry Christmas.
I'd love to see peace in Sudan.
What's your wish for a gift this Christmas?
Just got done wit pizza and wings its not delivery its digiorno next paperplane time
just because people give you a bad reputation, doesn't mean you are that kind of person.
after all, it's only what people THINK you are.
If only The Dollar Store sold gasoline...
Today seemed to go by so slow 7pm could not get here any faster
Except when I take the seats out of the van and let everyone fly around when I slam on the brakes!
It's Fat Tuesday!
Be careful tonight, doctorve safe!
last night at skylight theatre was such a treat!
what a fun, super talented group!
loved it :
Whoa.
You got hot.
Back on the road
Cyril you absolute ripper!!
Who wants to win 2 tix to the NIT ?
Come back at NOON!
miss elke is still sleeping...
she is gonna be thrilled for a puppy play date!
Aww...I'm assuming not in the city??
You should see the locket B gave me for my bday.
It's a bunny...on a book!
you and the twins are the biggest two faced bitches to ever walk thiis earth, you guys are digusting ugly ass bitches!
thanks.
And it's not even my birthday..
!
www.3sgiants.com Come check us out!
Head to our Facebook page Third Stream Giants, and become a fan!
Thanks for all the support!
:
Your opinion is not a fact
WhyDoiAlways do something dumb AF when I'm talking to girls.......
Someone explain this to me tomorrow...
RT : keha is outside the library in 5 min.
be there, get glitter cannon'd
Still waiting on our website to be finished: long process with MANY glitches!
Was ATT the best choice?
We'll see.
If someone busts my new polish stoneware mugs on this bus I will be supremely displeased.
Let me live.
sorry, im late on the atreplies.
maxies?
lets set up a date.
they actually have several veggie friendly items.
maybe b4 alice fri?
About the snow?
I guess nothing is impossible.
happy, Yes news in my inbox this morning!
one step closer to my great adventure.
Happy day!
Excited to learn Shark Tank is coming back for another season.
Not excited that Jeff Foxworthy will be a guest judge.
And yet, you still made the murder threat, and supported/endorsed it.
I'm in for 100!
Push ups are great for abs too.
I don't know it works but I can always tell, every 23 years when I try push ups.
:
Why do I feel like a shit?
I'm always the downfall of all conversations.
Enjoy ur life!
To have an experience
Love !
Cheers!
False Evidence Appearing Real Get it out of your heart stay strong and your prayer with
I'm pinning but I may be too impatient...
are there multiple pins of the same post?
Now how do I fix that?
No event is too small for us to cater.
Holla at us soon to get on our schedule.
Hopefully 's plans to relaunch Bungalow 8 will reboot NYC's social scene.
Amy, your vision continues to inspire.
Washing Your Ass W/ The Same Rag You Wash Your Face With...Is Not Cool
oh man.
could you imagine?
who says that?
haha
Promise??!!?
lol : I am ima be holding a we love Lita sign at ya 1st competition.
Lol
If there is no passion in what you do you will never be happy!!!
:
Congrats!
: Honored to serve a full term as OKGOP State Chairman.
Thank u to the 1,000 plus delegates who attended!
Is it iAMvay?
RT Library this whole week!
No bs.
The people who work there is going to know my name.
Heading out to run some errands.
Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Uh oh get ready Philly...big Kyle got a haircut!!!!
zing brilliant
Hey!
I was totally buried last weekend, sorry I missed you!
How's SF?
Follow my new followers
What a devastation in missouri!!
:
Community, Workaholics, That 70's show, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia,The Office!
You?
Sure RT : boo hoo sad story, can we start over?
i be playing angry birds 3
That's cool I'm Spanish as well I live in my u?
Um ...
don't waste goat cheese people.
Good night tweeple.
Rest soundly.
Welcome to Douche Bag island!
link me to roberts facebook !
Why you crying?
Chocolate bunny?
Full moon shinin' bright, edge of the water, we were feelin' alright..
:
Happy birthday to my main girl and twin, !
love you!
can't wait to celebrate our birthdays Saturday!
You are such a big inspiration!
Plz follow back
Lil' Wayne..
Where did you see that ?
thanks for doing that.
I followed along from Austin and it seemed like a great conference cc:
we are so grateful for your incredible genersoity!
Many many thanks!
The jewelry is beautiful!
Bill Cunningham's New York was SO good!
Highly recommend.
We love that man.
just trying to check up on u...
makin sure all is well.
Are the riot police forming down on Route 1, Terps looking good
thanks for broadcasting my rash, .
still itchy.
i don't want to dance with anybody.
by the way nice looking code breaker Sunday night...
Do you have your own name for the finisher?
Hello, dear.
I am well and blessed.
How about you?
Decided what you're getting for your mother?
um YES.
can kerstin come with us?
At WonderCon today!
Anyone else in my tweet feed there?
I know my old butt still doing pranks.
yeah..were gonna be in it.
22 top of 8th.
Dee Gordon just singled with 2 outs k rod pitching for crew
I love when i can feel the sun like soaking in my skin .
Never say sex.
sex
Just coached my sons soccer team to a great win!
glad you enjoyed the presentation!
As well as submitting to Starz Denver Film Fest!
i know..
its all ways the same thing..
almost verbatim..
sad actually
Are you FUCKING kidding me ...
California is loving our Super Bowl Squares as we've seen many sign ups from that state..what about the other 49 of u?......
Breakfast date with grandma :
My turn for quads.
31.5k.
COME ON YOU GUNNERS.
...
man city, you can win, too.
Even the language used was meant to be a scare tactic.
Turkey day side dish: Brussles sprouts and pancetta roasted with Hott sauce 1spicy, smokey, porky and delicious!
Someone little fucking jit really pulled the fire alarm in my building
I'm sorry but this is not a good statement
Great call with in preparation for 's Client Summit in May.
Super exciting to speak with such an expert!
A decidedly smaller percentage of plaid buttonups tonight Nice work, male music fans.
Each one of us has a responsibility on this earth plane to open up and live our divine aspect.
Also, don't tell my mom I posted a video where you can hear her talking.
It may make the reader/listener more apprehensive, but doesn't mean that what the person is saying is wrong.
i hope your not like the rest of them, if you know what i mean!
:O
: When someone doesn't text you back but it says they read it 
No problem!
Officially 'followed back' :
Last AFT happening right now!

My Inner Meatball' appearing in Wayne's World 3 opening up for The Shitty Beatles and Crucial
Another Amazing Code Red Friday Night thanks to everyone that came to party, dance and have a good time!!!
37 degrees?!?!
Glad I'm watching on tv
nala enjoys following your tweets as well 3 hahaahh
CorporateGreed executives earn higher salaries, but they also take much heavier responsibilities with higher job difficulties.
Thought for the day: The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
William F.
Scholavino
oh that's terrible!
:
Scout has USC with 14 LOIs, not including Murphy or Rogers.
Still room for Miles?
it would be an excellent gift.
and so be it.
I'm going to ask Burnsed for a set.
you're in charge of Timmy's first win!
RT : I'm at ATT Park!
: Go Giants
Cool!
It never snows here.
Stupid Florida.
lol
haha sorry Z you should have stayed on the WM side but it was a good game indeed
BuildDayMemories Rico falling off the ladder.
she said she the one for me
doctor Gordon and What's the most appropriate way 2 addoctorss compensation for a position w/o making a poor impression?
Good luck!!!
Praying for you!!
i miss you homie.
I've been working odee lately ask
Coming home in different clothes than the ones you left in 
: Someday Ill find my love, someone to call my own.
Snow White awww.
ForeverAlone lmao
Whatup, Stephen?
Hope tour life is treating you well.
Go Jersey Boys!
Y'all, I think I ordered the last half smoke of the night, but let's lobby to add it to the menu.
It was yummy!
We're taking a quick break, but we'll be right back on ProsOnCall!
Call 2659661 with your questions!
You are welcome!
I mentioned your gig on Wed.
Also, I would like to request that Pinpeople become the official noun for Pinterest users.
Shades of the Twilight Zone.
Great advice
Why is life so hard?:/
Iight I got u..
u know some bigs?
More famous than players.
great stuck in Politico by shared underlying biological rhythm?
Lowest usability scores in 2011 study were energy use and online pay.
Customers want to pay wo login, fees, or going paperless.
Jake smells...
New seats?!
Thank you :
supermoon  same ole moon
and many others in uwmjmc307 now know where the instructor lives addoctorsslabels...
Uh Oh.
;p
mwah a trois
BREATHE to Receive!!!
IIPC12 Angle brackets are deep in our culture, a focus on the technical and practical.
Lunchtime Taco bell chicken quesadilla and smart water
Fox Sports San Diego is so much better already then CH 4 ever was
: peikitchenparty Almost 5000 visitors to the web site today!
wonderful
enjoyed the boxing talk!!
Thanks for the 411
John Medina: 'The Brain is so sensitive to external experiences that it can be rewired thru exposure to cultural influences'
shows no results for 'Dont wana go home' but lots of results for 'Dont wanNa go home'  certainly not the best search algorithm
But the media will continue to dictate to the sheep that LeBron is awful in the clutch while Wade is always the hero.
Much love to for rallying the Seattle crew for 's Beat the Bridge.
Who wants to join me, run/walk?
with bill bye?
I want some of what peter griffens on.!
FTW is cliche and it's probably taken, I like Hope In Her Eyes, it's original and it seems a lot more personal
My favorite litigators to
Opening night for the Spurs basketball season.
Time to show the Grizzlies that they are in our house!
Travel doctorams last night lead to restlessness today.
yayyyy!
I miss your happy face!
Breakfast was pizza and that has me feeling 
Im finally hydoctorted and the headache is gone
Masterpiece Classic spring lineup is KILLIN IT
Nice job, , on MadMen...got some bad news had Dondoctorper worried there for a sec!
Congrats on the work, Tom.
RT : Make me a happy girl by sending me texts signed SH.
Tonight is going to be one to remember.
Happy Cinco De Mayo 
Family beach trip to Pismo California.............
Loving life and every moment makes things 10x better for you to accomplish your doctorams
he'll return kicks for a couple years then move on.
He's not a good fit in Harbaugh's system anyway.
if it was open i probably would have made the fam wait while i rode it.
like i do with the giant doctorp.
ABSOLUTELY!
The Russians have been doing this for quite some time.
Stop all the PC talk and move on ...
I can't believe it's only Tuesday.
I'm already exhausted!
I aint tryna start nuthin but I wish Tamika was still doctorssing Usher j/s
What's up Twitter?
What I mean by killer instinct is, sometimes I just like to cut things.
The sight of blood is a turn on for me.
C's lose by 9 but even with DWade's dominance...
could've went differently.
Lot of open misses...and Pierce was booted for most of 4th.
Hard to imagine Time Square dark.
RT Lights out in Times Square.
The latest from our digital team.
fb.me/IrpP7BIC
The Agile software engineering combines a set of developing paths and the philosophy of the customer and provider working in close collabora
exactly take hard work and a decision and taking action towards your goals every day!
I'm lost in Buckhead and my husband won't answer his phucking phone.
hell yeah!
: not only did you guys convince me to join twitter but i now have 12 introductions to look forward to!
i wish i did change but i didnt post that, trust me if i was on a diet or had a midlifecrisis everyone would know
I shouldn't have suggested going out tonight.
I just want to be at home under a blanket reading hunger games.
Chug chug chug!
If Sonic Youth and Rick James had ever collaborated, they would have been obligated to call the song Fuck Yr Couch
Yes ma'am!
That's what they train me for, to be invincible haha.
Love hurts.
:p Oh yes, well I hope you enjoy.
Who's playing?
Go get 'em
GL  Like A Boss.
Beast Mode.
Punish Them.
still waiting for a pic showing off the new color..
brian :
hey so anyone who wants to follow gets a shoutout!
I've trained teachers before..
They might be good learners, but they can make horrible students
bitcheswhowontdateme Barbara Bush!
WalMart probe could brighten Obama to give evidence related to Wen Sri Lanka ordering mosque move after.
Ugh.
I don't know I feel so shitty .
kill them with kindness viv!
they're just thirsty.
:
A man that can hold my attention with conversation is a step above many...
I really hope they come back with a big pop record
Listen to , make a phone pledge by 6PM and your gift will be matched through the Hoyt Foundation!
Call 800457KIDS
dude your awesome
Good nigjt people, hay, hay hay smoke weed every day...
by bitches...
2 months from 60  I'm listening to Hot Mess by Cobra Starship.
40 years ago I thought by now I'd be enjoying the best of Lawrence Welk.
The most difficult thing in my life was doctorving from the doctors office to tell my wife, Cookie, I had HIV.
Magic Johnson
Oh how we'd love to do a Groupon for Clevelanders!
yum!!
I'm actually waiting for a baked crab roll as we speak.
CoachellaLive Cold Cave terrible.
Is that any different than when he was younger?
I could never understand him.
RVP is that dude.
Soccer on Fox will only work if they show games of this magnitude.
No one wants to see QPR v.
Rovers.
I think its time to go on a diet.
I fell down today and rocked myself to sleep trying to get up.
Never give up..
Editing episode 3 nowposting soon!
Web design company is a part of Adodis Technologies, an ISO 90012008 certified website design company.
Rainy Days  Wednesdays?
We grinding for us
YourBiggestProblem is that you put ALL of your business out there and expect people not to judge you
don't worry Kim mine aren't done either
RT : If we take ourselves too seriously as leaders, we block our ability to be creative
Do you have kids?
Follow
Finally watched, DIRTY HARRY..
total badass movie!
Today was NOT my day.
Hope I feel better by tomorrow mornin
Go Die In A Fire.
Thanks for the love from all our new followers!
Hiding from 's sister and her friends under a cabinet in the bathroom333
Alpha1: This condition may result in serious lung and/or liver disease at various ages in life.
charity, nonprofessorts, alpha1,
M...
anchovies
Left my charger at your house , my phone is currently dead too !!!!
: Please grab it and put it in your car !
Are companies missing the mark with Pinterest or are people truly engaged with these brands?
Habituation/possibility/probability/desirability/appealingness.
Title of this lexical problem set could be :: taking things out of context
Congratulations JayZ, you now have 100 problems.
super awesome day so far 3
Why doesn't everyone have their phone attached to their hand as I do?
Once again a member of The Mile High Club!!!
; Round 2 of speech  solo acoustic performance in Denver.
It's gonna be great!
Bring your friends!
replacebandsnameswithboobs one boob
Yes I already seen it last night 3
I saw Westworld when it was first released.
Creepy Yul Brenner.
You could also think of it as intellectual source material for Jurassic P.
hey when are you down here again?
I need to finish it.
About to go on, get here!!
309 White St, Norman, OK!
Sitting in the conference room with Carter Ferrington listening to his 1minute campaign at DCBI
MydoctoramsCameTrue I have a new job volunteer 2 start but will B a paid job doing wat I luv 2 do :
On set and freezing!!
no probe
The airports freezing D:
my ex really mad cus imoved on tho.
o well.
creating positive clothing
Reasonable request.
Granted.
this also isn't the first time he's opened the season on a tear.
Grab some food and chill tonight
So happy.
My mom just bought me and my best friend concert tickets.
Yyyaaaaaayyyyy.
I can't wait.
Customer service  assume positive intent
Join us for JUSTICE for Michael Austin, a play written by UMCareyLaw Students based on a Baltimore man wrongly imprisoned for...
Come out and meet some fans and friends!
RT Attn CoMo: Pick up soccer tonight at 5:15 behind West Blvd.
Elem.
Doesn't an Apple Bear Claw sound great?
It's a flaky bear claw filled with cinnamon and apples..delicious!!
Congress has spent yet another day discussing trade policy.
i love how when religious people preach oh this and this is wrong and no one should do it it sundenly becomes okay when they decide to do it
better get his broom ready, to sweap the Predators!!!
He does not get it through his head that I don't want him .
Twitter makes tweeting seem like a challenge Tell the world whats happening in 140 characters or less!
!i luvv yuu!
Engage the kids in imagination  fun with storytelling, music and learning every Wed.
from 9:3010:15 for FREE  the Balloon Museum.
Spirited discussion of pres.
workflows, microservices,  what archivists need to understand re Dig Asset Man.
and archival work
Finance test next Friday?!
i just wish girls would stop being so insecure and just accept themselves the way they are.
No hard sauce with my bread pudding?
Ripped off in NYC.
oh my gosh that's so adorable!
Hahahaha
And the CBO has done the math and determined HCR will insure 30 million uninsured and reduce the federal deficit over 10 years.
What an amazing anayltics tool that I can never stop checking for my personal site
KP is a very hospitable batsman, always serving the bowlers bread with fresh fig jam
Thanks for the shout out!
Rock Chalk!
You should still be working with me and RT JojoFireSlaw The M's offense is clicking on all cylinders.
It's a beautiful thing.
I've observed student after student in the past two days walk away from a monitor exclaiming, Didn't even finish the book!
You know you are truly hitting it when the spam links hit your trending stream at smbmad.
No I don't want to look at this with your egg
Atlanta's defense is too
Thank you for the Follow.
yes I know do you have his new cd
Car wash and a show lmao the washer broke some red cars window 
I want to go to benihana who coming with me?
bahaha that would be great, but no.
Apparently there was also a prisoner/policeman duo running, didn't see them though.
Thanks for the love guys!
It's gonna be a great season for riding!!!
brother have you talked to Ej?
wiz and snoop new number ten on seacrests countdown.......proud.
hahah shure it is!!!
;D we need to go to la tienda and buy some haha!!..!!
left lane supreme...
I think mumford and sons is one of the mother lyrically talented music groups of our time.
I really love them.
big al's three to cut it down to 13 really was the turn around point IMO.
please let me know...my son has special needs according to some trainers i have talked to.
doggie short bus!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.
Ready for the Brits 2012 with Bethan Griffiths
I can
kick's off February 2morrow at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine w/ new items on their menu that u won't want to miss!
NP Love This Life
Starting the first episode of Case Closed.
Gotta catch up to matthew who is on episode 70.
All in the game, yo.
I like that you view it as an issue.
Says a lot about the kinda guy you are.
Too bad more women and men don't think the same.
RT : I'm amused by those who remind us that their twitter accounts are personal accounts and that all views are their own.
OMG!
Suzy!
You're too much, I guess you never switched!
LOL Hope you're out having a doctornk or 2...
:
Just posted some new SXSWi pics on our Facebook page, check us out there, or message us to meet up at SXSW!
The new Avengers movie made everyone in the theatre laugh there ass off .
But then again it kicked ass!!
3
The most important actions are never comfortable.
Tim Ferriss
wait you graduate at 16?
Thank you for the FF my friend!
best of luck with the doc.
Despite your issues, you sounded phenomenal this weekend.
Awesome!
RT : I taught PechaKucha to my students last year...it is amazing and concise!
Yea we been working on our mixtape but we do need to start leaking tracks
Don't forget to check out my videos A Talk With Ms.
Weeks and Bloomingdale Meet and Greet.
OH Stop stealing your neighbors cheap Internet....
Masquerade Atlanta...Heaven Stage...October 15...Who's coming?
spring 2012 DangerousVintage relaunches new site feat new high fashion collection 
FREE cupcakes for everyone!!!!!
Just kidding
honestly love seeing you having a great time with your mates.
xoxxx
Awards Show tonight  Acme.
nominated in multiple categories.
So very proud.
Check out the Iron Mountain jump at ARMA11.
Fun stuff!
2 days left of school until break!
YAY!
Let us know when you have arrived with a dm or  reply
thanks 4 the years of support!
Hope to see you  the album release show in May!
BREAKING NOW Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler steps aside in George Zimmerman's seconddegree murder trial
waking up at 5am to hit abs and shoulders at ballys fitness goodnight everyone
Ppl let they kids come out the house looking any kind of way.
Nappy ass heads clothes all holey and shit
People shouldn't be priced out of college edu.
But I don't think everyone must go to college.
We need useful graduates, not com majors
food coma
OMG T daaaaawg you are so brave!
Love it!!!!
I'm ok
Excited to host our WOMMA Wine Wednesday tonight.
Stay tuned for pictures and our presentation from the night.
couldn't of said it better myself brotha
um excuse me??
re: optimization.
Yeah.
Man, if I can just write well compartmentalized, readable code I'm happy.
We're racing to keep enough iced coffee on hand today.
The Cenaproc over ice is really mellow.
thanks for everything babe.
I love you 3
I hate the Beatles and Led Zeppelin.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but, can you bring me a plate of pancakes?
Great live session of Ind Week in Review at PRSAHoosier luncheon!
Here comes Bubba, here comes Phil, here comes Kuchar!!
It's Sunday at the Masters baby!!
thanks for the ff:
I just want to chill today no lie.
I have no doubt this will be a close election, but polls are indicating that Obama begins the G.E.
with a head start.
I think that the number of balance bars that I have been eating  an unbalanced diet.
Hmm...
But darlin' you are the only exception...
I'm shocked you are awake right now
Well, monday's in the books.
A little rough at first, but I got it under control.
Best of Designers Paris Paris, Randall Designs, Barking Fire Couture  Mombomb showcased 1/18/11 www.catwalkforacause.com
who has the new fb timeline?
any complaints so far?
Ford doctorves Innovation, Intellectual Property Development through TechShop Membership Incentive for Smart Ideas
aye bitch stop that lying.......
Tomorrow night?
Still on?
I can't wait to see your face, pretty!
i agree
About to start the herb garden for EdiblesRestaurant , any tips on cheap potting soil ?

Just the rest of the series...not the whole playoffs
Definitely.
RT : Congratulations to my friends at gunup.com.
Now can you make some time to go shooting?
yours too :
Coach Patsos  the man that double teamed Steph Curry the entire game as Curry stood in the corner Davidson won by 30
hah yeah it's starting!
So good running into !!
Missed so much!!!
I hate Michigan State.
lol, that's good.
Was it hard?
no problem!
Friday night shifts seem to last so much longer than other shifts.
Thank God for waking me up this morning todays gonna be a good day !!!
I'm sitting at this restaurant waiting for my food doing that exact thing...lol
i say more backstage shenanigans.
haha : those are fun.
oh scuse me I mean SAGAFTRA dues lol
yeah you already see lots of IB in clustered systems, next step would be host access
I am interested in helping those with Aspergers.
I would like to hear from others working with this group of people.
Apparently 3 doctornks  6 hours of sleep are an awesome substitute for my normal 8.
A la an empty spot in the ref room
Like our hero Adam Kline says, we are SMART on crime instead of shortsightedly TOUGH on crime.
Join us and plan to giveBIG this Tuesday!
it's that noticeable?
Shit.
Dear  if u text me about weightloss tips one more time I'm going to stop crying and punch you in the face!
On a serious note though, I need to see you like pronto.
happy big funniversary :
yes, I remember that!
Oh well.
It's just a matter of time.
Can't stop the gays.
Thanks u enjoyed it?
RT :  Hollywood dances tonight 
Who is excited to hear more details on how to win the Jason McCourty autograph?
Almost time for our early bird special  5 fish  1/2 priced steaks from 4:30  6pm.
Don't forget about 5 martinis, all day, everyday!
her own version of The Shining
Join us in sending a HUGE MAHALO to our event sponsor We wouldn't have the beautiful space at without them!
you have big boobs and i love it beadle
shift accepted views and hegemonic narratives through these repressed and otherwise lost stories in images
You a lucky dude Josh :
follow me and my personal , I spoke to you while you were on Martha with Greg, I had the 3 cockers
Bluegrass would not exist as it is today without Earl Scruggs.
May he rest in peace  thank you for everything, Earl.
LAHVAHLOOVIN scotch.
Is that how you pronounce it?
Asking for a friend.
Please don't say arty.
Running a 5k at Red Rocks this morning.
Beautiful morning!
Beautiful changing colored trees!
why am i so tired
Date night with mom!
Movies and I'll try to talk her into seeing some live music w/ me :
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
I believe in the sand beneath my toes; the beach gives a feeling, an earthy feeling.
Oh that's just not fair.
Oklahoma: University Oklahoma Sweatshirt
Farm day today with the junior high!
Going to be a hot one!
Book one of the Hunger Games is done; I'd like to jump into the 2nd book but need to finish my homework!
Marlynn!
Happy New Monday to you, lovely!
I, personally, have time left for possibly one more tattoo around idk, 830 or 9 pm.
First come first serve.
3175251106 Come to the shop!!
He's like everyone else.
A blowhard.
I don't care if he's a successful blowhard, he's a blowhard.
congrats to u and the fam!
Plan ahead for Holiday Parties and ave at www.patrickscatering.com
It's the truth.
And I'm not trying to be a jackass but if I'm coming off as one I'm sorry
no worries!
I'll just come next time!
thanks!
Want party FREE in DC tonight text luxsundays to 74455
Considering signing up for Myspace only for the music playlist option.
Has anyone been on myspace in the last 10 years?
I would've said go MD, but..well, you know ; RT : crickets chirping RT : Moments until tipoff...Let's go Duke!
so sorry you had to deal with that!
You wish  RT : A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Elbert Hubbard
Remember, You can't please everyone, so you got to please yourself.
Ricky Nelson
suffering from a very severe case of idntgiveaSHIT !
9:30 am vocal recording sessionearliest session ever.
This is probably illegal in some states.

great!
Since you're a tweeter please share some insight during lecture durin tomorrow.
Thanks!
It's so cool and fun to see you tweet just like the rest of us BHs!
:
It's a hard knock life for us .
Doing benefit for charity, lets change the world, who wants in!
crisis.
the printer is out of paper and my final is in 5 minutes
ThingsWomenWant not me.
Do you think we can make it to 1,500 followers by the end of our AFT adventure?
Share the RDS love!
My feet are getting wet in the rain.
Silly me for thinking I could wear flip flops in the 'summer'!
WalkTalkPray moves back outdoors this morning at 8AM.
Meet in the parking lot, and yes, of course dogs are welcome!
Is awesome!!!
Check her out guys!!
:
link takes me to a CoveritLive with 3/31 stuff on it.
Is this correct?
yup.
the lead singer and the blonde chick.
then her bff and the guy she likes lol so adorable.
Sioux City Bancrofts American Legion Baseball ...
The Link Story
got the Iphone4 :D
I can't wait either!!
: ?
Twitter Tip See big typos you tweeted?
Delete it and resend corrected!
: .
shhhhh I got one at home that needs some help lol
lol have fun love ya too
Debating if I should chop of my hurrs.
What does the Twitter world have to say?
sounds good!
Awesome Americana band playing old Hank 1 songs at Enid's garden!
feeling a lot better about starting pitching, Hughes looking better too
big news coming up soon!!!
Need to start hitting this gym man time is flying by and July is almost here
Sure did.
Has me now somewhat concerned about the New Madoctors fault.
Scary!!!
childhoodtv not my thing.
As a child I listened to pink floyd and rewrote 5th century literature without using vowels.
...of doing DH training  fostering networking/collaboration without always flying bodies around.
If we can't, who can?
Listen up!
is starting todays class!
Follow him for health tips  knowledge that will change your life!
To maintain a healthy lawn, 1 of water a week is recommended, including rainfall.
Its best to water early in the morning.
Justin doesn't tweet dumb shit, I'm proud of him.
Your right on point.
l Pussy couldnt even spell the word nigger.
Thanks to all my new followers, God bless!
when u smile i smile::
Where did this cool breeze come from?
Psh, thanks for putting on a great event for a great cause!
:
I love a good dance off  thanks for the awesome party!
Coming soon: new radio and streaming specials with Smashing Pumpkins and Nickelback.
Msg me for details.
Available now: Janes Addiction...
well girl text me or something?
is Kent at work?
lets hang out cause im pissed too.
hahahaha
I aint the one confused you are
I see you're not an Obama fan either haha.
Only a year and a half left.
You were the best, hockey won't be the same without ya.
hahaha!
that was awesome.
My boy and I said, Ah no, you can't give a guy a yellow for that!
Doc doctor, the Greatest Hip Hop producer ever!
I doctornk some boiling water because I wanted to whistle
SOTU upshot: Send me bills we agree on; if we disagree, you're wrong; the nation's great becz we built it together.
But I got Bin Laden
Getting Error on Linkedin Share on Website.
IE, Ffox  Opera.
Didn't try G.
scratch that...
second city email says who knows.
: : About an hour left until I get to Oakland.
Cruising
Question is does Ellerman have a shot of beating real democrat Lori Compas tonight.
We shall see...
might be an interesting one to watch.
Things tonight has made me realize: I was never a Whitney Houston fan
Thanks for the connection Mike.
We'll send you guys some info!
Scuba was solid.
I got there really late coming from another party, so I only caught him and Thomas Melchior upstairs.
Good, tho.
Havent been single in a long time.....
i feel new to this
Yo what's up with my family I see twitter bust be on the back burner 4 y'all
I'm human, I'm allowed to change my mind.
And arguing with you is fun, it's entertaining to watch you try.
;
Looks like its bound to be another good day, If so we hitting up a waterfront walk again heck yes.
I have a sick fascination on the Mike Daisy This American Life fallout.
The conflict of two of my favorite things: theatre  public radio.
Not much, more than 12 startable QBs, most teams don't need a QB at all.
Difficult to trade them it eems
pretty close to Alabama I reckon ;
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press book.
Arthur Scholar
i need a six month vacation, twice a year.
ive always wandered, how many 6 through 10 year olds i could fight at one time.
my estimated guess is 2600..
Please vote for me, Henry Brim candidate for councilman District 7!
On September 13, 2011, I will make District 7 a better place!
Audition time
Wow.
Havent played a tourney in a while.
Forgot what it was like to be card dead.
Dont like being reminded
Is it me or is mitch mcconnell and boehner trying to run a train on a girl named america?
perfect.
haven't actually been there before
Huge thanks to and for a fantastic night of live country music!
What a comeback for the Hawks.
Punch one home to tie it up with 5.5 seconds to go.
its raining!!!
Totally.
Getting inspired to do a new line of cards for all of us grammar geeks.
Time to bring back the sentence diagrams!
;
by the way we attend The Rock too;
I really feel inadequate and incapable right now.
It's like nothing is ever going to improve, even though things keep improving...
I can answer w/ bands: Who, Zeppelin, Stones RT Who are your top 3 musicians that were in their prime prior to 1980?
lol oh hush
and FRIENDS!
Everyone in Adago check out The Cries Of...
playing at Club Alt tonightit's still on and close in town.
doctorve safe!
Great music, coffee!
DON'T GIVE UP HOPE!
okay i'm dessprate who want's to be an admin?!
you have to be active!!
comment if you want to be one!
Ashley
No worries...
Packers got this....
Life is similar 2 an expensive movie u directed all alone thru the struggle dont let anybody casted u out  directed ur moment of glory
I am officially looking for new stockist for my jewelry and accessories .
Any places in mind ?
Story should be long enough to make the point and nothing more virtualstories.
As little as possible, as much as necessary
They are!!!
Lol.
So we're all just going to ignore the fact that James Franco should have been in a terrible Dylan biopic by now?
yeah cool
sometimes people tweet things that sound like it was supposed to be a text and I just wonder to myself if they just never make sence or?
SOMEONE TELL ME IF HARRY AND NIALL LEGIT GOT ARRESTED!?
IT'S ALL OVER TUMBLR WITH PICTURE'S.
AND IM FLIPPING SHIT!
Can't move my fingers to type that well
If you cheat on someone who's willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself.
Honey that's my morning prayer before I get out of bed!: Pssschk.
It's time for a Texas beer.
hope you had a lovely weekend, thanks for the FF :
Mondays, two a day wrestling practices!
exhausted
Stop by and refuel for day 2 of the Pumper Show tonight.
Great food, doctornks and Daytona 500.
it's pencil
ready to talk if someone is around!
What a POWERFUL speech!
I'm psyched.
My life doesn't need to make sense to you long as it makes dollars for me.
would notice me it would be a doctoram come true3
COREY BREWER SPLASH DOWN
Was it the pronunciation of Richard Beccaria?
I almost punched my keyboard typing it.
he wants it
Kirschenbaum muses on Krementz's book on author writing photos: also interesting to see the few that have computers
Without struggle, there is NO progress..
Ideas cont Arg for 401k seems to come down to we might raid pension again!
So, alt prop has safeguards against raids.
took u long enough...
Lol j/k hey new friend!!!
So...the couple making out on my parking lot shuttle is a bit awkward.
damn sexy.
I would love to suck your cock and take it raw
Im trying gt signed so if u ain't on wit im on we are not da same
Turning 32 in a few days!
What do you do on your Sunday to chill out?
cannot get enough of your blog!
HAA FASHO..
I GET TO ST.
LOUIS 2COME PARTY WIT MY PPL.
U KIDDIN ME?
:
me2 but i get lonely a lot doe
Immigration Stalls as Opportunities Wane on U.S.Mexican Border
On iPad with IM
Ok, I want to book one.
What do I need to do?
I'm booking appointments this week in ATL for those needing Automotive services...
slots are filling fast!
It's amazing how you think you look bad in a picture and instagram instantly makes you semi attractive :D
I think it varies : out of curiosity, what does the officiant say ?
I now pronounce you partner and partner?
hey Nate!
It's my birthday!
:D
So the Dept of Def is now working on energy?
What is the Dept of Energy going to do?
That's me standing there in the pic.
Word.
I'll never forget the directive: make your products broadbandoctorady!
I'm not gonna lie...he's a little odd.
View this webinar to learn whether the speed at which the Republicans elect their front man has an impact on investments....
We miss you!
Hope you are doing great at college, and having tons of fun.
Close your eyes, lean on me.
Face to mouth, lips to cheek.
Feeling numb in my feet.
You're the one to help me get to sleep.
lol right.
we are more about it than you are.
Friday night lights!!
Ok not really, Just another youth football practice.
Happy halloween everyone!
Have a wonderful and safe hallows eve!x
if you doctorss up to hit newbury you are better off at SSP, just sayin.
Who gone say the
The progress I made this week took me off guard; Lesson: the microscopic steps forward DO matter even if it seems like they don't
same concept could be applied to Detroit in the Fall.
Yes, please hugs
: Love leaves you broken but friends never do.
ihatequotes
Sometimes girls listen to they potnas to much ..
Do what you feel is best to you..
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better.
It's not.
doctor Seuss in The Lorax
Me: There's no food in the pantry : Body: Good, you were getting fat.
The world bursts at the seams with people ready to tell you you're not good enough...
well I wasn't done going yet and then it scared me and got my toosh wet.
Didn't appreciate it lol
it's gone now
the place to read and be read, join today
So a lot has changed in the past few years but consistently Wesley Snipes is still in jail and Mystikal is going back..
Lol
Are you going to their 20th Anniversary celebration?
: I'm about to go ham if I get this gig  jus stay gettin that cheese!!!!
Folks always commit to stop procrastinating but then provide no detail on what they want to stop putting off!
Details help you succeed!
Had so much fun at the dance with my friends
u right on that
Guns N' Roses Reunion Tour
What day are you going?
I think and I are going thursday night hours
Mom, please stop calling our waiter Pauly D.
I know y'all saw prodigy!
I kno me neither  tomorrow lol!!!
Signed up today its gonna be a good battle!;
Mashed potatos would totally complete this night.
I've always heard pricked up his ears / his ears pricked up.
Now that I'm thinking about it, though, they both seem odd.
Why cant it be snowing so I don't have to go to school tomorrow.
Cotto needs to chill off for 2 rounds then come out with fire!!
follow me
dont worry about me !!!
Prosecutors: Man who robbed Radio Shack tracked down using GPS he stole
ur heart :P
RT Oh man.
It's already in the 100's F in PHX.
Two words Pool Party
Cesar missing, tired legs, Vancouver's offense or just a bad day?
Everything comes naturally, it comes naturally, when you're with me baby!
:
1.
I just took my dog to a trainer/therapist.
Not cheap.
And, unlike a kid, it's not like she'll be carrying on my family name
I wish it was just straight Trey they play then i'd be on pandora more
check out video I'M I'LL by SHARP HARP on youtube
If buyers are looking at the animal head trophies on the wall they arent seeing themselves in THEIR home.
Depersonalize.
The time is now
am also totally addicted to Space.
OD'ed last night.
Is there any way to disable rich text in iOS 5 Mail?
I just want plain text.
Now copied text from preserves line height  junk.
I will.
I am currently torn between finishing the body of a cardigan I am knitting and reading.
youcantbenothugif U wear sandals on ur feet!
I dnt care what JayZ does
I hate you everything
Higher Ed used the term ROI?
No way...
It's gonna be just what I needed.
txt me so I can have your number hoe !
Yea I seen Lody on Hollywood
HOLY SHIT TWO HITS!
Pirates win!
Pirates win!
That's two straight series wins with the 12th inning walk off!
Dont look like I'm going to sleep anytime soon!
who's got finals all this week?
No juice in the caboose.RT : Money on his mind RT : What's wrong with Pujols?
Some people called it taking shelter, but she called it sweet revenge.
What a fun fight!
you kids and school.
Oh the joys of being done.
Is it wrong I want Vodka and Absinthe doctorPS instead?!
Swear where you on yo way to
Family Rental tweeps, how can we be of service?
We're proud to offer all of our Twitter followers 10 off on all rental items!
Joel McHale is too big of a star to be on the Emmytones.
RT : I'd love to come too.
gardenchat IGC12  YES YES!
I am blessed that follows me3 :
HOW DO I GET MY TSHIRTS DESIGNS FEATURED
It was more something someone said to me
Girls who went to Vegas this weekend  showed the world they're groupies via their Twitter timeline...
a bit of an odd RT here, given the context...
That's pretty awesome.
Hopefully more people will start reading the comics as a result.
Bring it.
Ill pull through anything obstacle you put up.
Crazy statistic!
RT : Boston's 78M on the DL is more than the payroll of 20 of MLB teams
90 minutes till I go home, waiting for calls to come in.
Today's BTU inspiration: I always prefer to believe the best of everybody; it saves so much trouble.
Rudyard Kipling
i actually just saw the video game you have set to release online.
looks awesome and yes i love the show
My CHRO/Effective Leadership Developement theory?...They don't know what kind of leader they are trying to build...no leadership strategy
wish you were here Johnny...
I wanna play my music but my moms still awake.
Fuck it.
I'll do it anyway.
but then when they're good will you like them?
The New Year is already starting out to be pretty interesting.
More soon.
That akward moment when u sneeze in a room full of ppl that dont like u!!!
Lol
NO OTHER CITY THAT I'D RATHER BE!3
Register and Vote, AfricanAmericans for Obama 2012.
Congratulations!
What is the new job?
2:44 left in the National Championship.
Delaware leads Oakland 41.
Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself.
John Dewey
You just need to click on the link, which is in the tweet.
It will take you to the page.
Most of the offers are time bound.
That doctorw Something app is really pointless for me to have because I never have anyone to play with : I've only played it like twice 
aww...thank u!
I'd this freezes 1 more time, I'll kill somebody.
so I guess not :x
My mom is the only girl who makes me a sandwich.
:
How you doin 
cool is relaunching ipad app to reflect unique 2nd screen preferences of primetime viewers
Hello fascination
Green Beer is tapped!
How stupid is it to decide which skin tone is better?
Then they still got the shit wrong.
My skins brown, but they label my culture black.
Congrats!
We'll miss you.
I've listen to them, sound good.
We only play songs on the charts, so if they can get there, then we can play them.
well i get to leave class early WITH a sombrero on, and its for a good cause: so im down!
Happy birthday to Colombia.
Today is the country's 200th birthday!
Typo of the day: seventeeth street
Dodgers on the way to 1620
I'd say 8.
The first months are the worst.
But there's a critical mass after a while and it is totally doable.Go for it
Window Design Center has AAMA and factory trained window and door installers.
Make sure to ask about installation.
Happy FREAKEN Birthday Gaga Loveya hope you had a great day just like I did with : !
Talkin to my big bro Bossman...
its like i want you to know but i dont wanna tell you.
Hi Wendy, haven't heard from you in a while.
Thanks for following me :
I wanted to text you but, then I remembered we don't talk anymore.
but yea
Ya boy is back and goin hard in the paint.
They going to feel me on this 1, I'm on my way in my Ice Berg voice..!!
Never try to convince anyone of your worth.
If they can't see it for themselves, then you are not in their line of vision
Hi we are offering the social media course, it is geared equally to academics/publics
Israel is only Middle East country that provides shelters for victims of humantrafficking via
Ha!
That is awesome!
We're Growing FAST  Time to Hire!
Wanted: FullTime, experienced Joomla Web Developer.
Message me for more info  plz RT for ur friends
During a performance I forget about time and life's limitations.Thank you to all the nice folks at the show last night.
lovin' Chicago already and let's meet up tomorrow!
I still think Kanye West is an absolute genius.
All of a sudden let's go back to not hustling, boxing out or protecting the ball.
My heart big but it beat quiet
Thank you very much for your mention!
Good to hear back on
I hate sleeping alone
Haha that's just his natural state stance.
Our gutters were working so we did better than some others in the neighborhood!
RT : I'm sleepy and my phone's on yellow :
Hi Adam, Im good thanks for asking..hope things r good with you, nice hearing from you,.oh did you get my book yet?
Double Take Kisses!
curators AAMC, vote for , Outstanding Exhibition in 2011.
We're finalists in two categories!
what....a shock.
Front porch slight breeze good conversation kind of night.
John Reul thought it was funny to put my number next to 2 ipads on Craigslist....I put his number next to Sebastian on AdultGayFriendFinder
Some people have no filter...
thank you and for making my car rides more enjoyable :
no.
lol I'm not eve a pimp.
:O
let the light of your face wash away my pain.
For in your arms, there is no harm for me.
I give it all, i cannot fall, fall away from love

a career xroads?
Join me 9/15  12noon for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, author of Navigating Through Now What?
www.theWATTnetwork.com
Lotties Lounge is proud to serve the 98118 community.
Looking forward to spring!
no im just stupid
never understood how parents can think violence won't beget more violence ;
just wondering what thought of The Fray's version of the National Anthem last night???
Cannot wait for your class tonight!
tell you what; I'll write you a gushing fan letter.
It'll start: Dear Reader, Thank you so much for actually caring...
Lots to think about re: staffing the ref desk with students.
Butler has a good model.
Yet coverage by those old mediatypes of the Clipperswho are explicitly minor leaguedaily surpasses that of the
: LOITER SQUAD TOMORROW SWAG SWAG SWAG straight Af ma nigha haha 1st time I'm actually guna Watch tv
Yo did you use to go to sixers camp in Pa back in the day with my girlfriend Allana?
happy holidays!
Our Special Holiday Shopping Edition is in your inbox!
Check it out today!
Hey thanks for stopping by before heading to SMBMAD  sounds really interesting!
Hit me up if u want me to shout u out or send me sum tweetpeeps if u want me to follow them
Blair , oh Blair oh Blair.
My man u are fine, fiinne, fione, as hell.
DAMN u fine!
I'm new in twitter...
please follow me :!
The UPEIAN105 exam will be on paper, complete with fancy schmancy university exam booklets.
It's official!
I'm seeing you boys on June 28th 2013!
:
Plasma : matter ; y : vowels
Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked them.
Leo Tolstoy
Over the weekend we lost a mother and a daughter who was killed by the hands of her father and husband.
RIP
Fantastic weekend...sunshine today.
Near 80.
Sun  clouds for Mom's day.
Highs in the upper 70s.
Enjoy!
I've said that at least once a week since starting diet change.
Lunch at Smoke Shack  I practice what I preach  yum!
Looking like a disaster to school everyday.
That's me.
Seski hear big thunder.
Fur wet.
Go to cave.
glue what?
A tray of shooters
how have you been?
yvwebcast Question: How much prayer goes before each feature you introduce?
Chess can be described as the movement of pieces eating one another,
Would love to read reviews of first season STC and parallel to language/metaphors for Girls.
awww u and cutie look cute
rockin a photo shoot for the comic book in Hollywood!
Heh.
I love that I brought highbrow to the Avengers episode!
I wish I was cool enough to have a private twitter
I hate how it takes me 30 minutes to make breakfast, but only 2 to eat it.
For steve.museum research, I'm seeking visual description archives, analog ok.
Anyone?
The most common phrase in China: Hey!
You look familiar!
go 2 www.arenafootball.com and vote 4 dad into the HOF arena.
go halfway down the webpage and will see HOF vote link.
Possibly.
I may be at the Byron Nelson.
Saw your brother today
i just realized i was your first tweet.
honored lmfao
speaking of top chef, in MKE tomorrow?
Quite possibly the greatest news on earth!
Looks like it's really true.
I'm deeply saddened  two greats pass away: one in the ring and one on the mic.
Too much...
Join us tonight at Dave and Busters at 6:30 for the 2010 Arthritis Walk Kick Off Meeting.
Free to attend.
Airlines will be required to disclose baggage fees.
Planning beta launch of Emerge Art Center within the Art Works Downtown space in San Rafael.
Stay tuned for scheduling updates Marin peeps!
Hahaha my DVR'D dance mom miamis...
BUT I'm thinking about starting Mad Men tonight and getting season 5 like you said on itunes
oh no it's some bullshit, love you too!
Arghh.
More Frikkin toll roads replacing free roads in central Texas.
Folk vote Republican then complain when they do these things.
bout to go to bodies exhibit!
okay I will, my 7th pd teacher emailed her that I wasn't there, that's why.
Bitchasssssss lol
a CNN interview with optic bigtymer
No when Blaine was arguing with Kurt about him cheating i was in tears!!
Lol
Go choke on cinamon for me
guy's rocked it tonight!
I'll never look at tadpoles or Godzilla the same!And yeah, it's scary that my hubby knows that song!
every damn time it rains, there's an accident at the same damn intersection on my morning commute.
Can it be august...please
Good day to make things happen yo, If you aren't about business then its a waste of time.
We love Him because He first loved us.
1 John 4:910
I'm moving quickly toward being either for or against everything.
For example: I am against starfish.
American Reunion..
Movie is hilarious.
did you see 1D
shoutout to I'll get like you soon
knowing him, he'd want to watch.
I have a new crush and it's called Content Aware Fill!!
u sound like u need a hug..
Or a cookie
Tallking to my dad about relationsshipps
I'm gonna have to act like a faux romantic like to get a bunch of followers.
Evil little brat.
:P
In 2012, organizers and exhibitors will continue to integrate tablets into the marketing, sales, and operations workflows of their events.
Went to the Concert last night.
I had a blast!
You guy's were amazing!
yeah sure
DC Get out and vote tommorrow!
Show this govt doesnt move swiftly on trayvonmartin They will see you at the election booth again in Nov
Oh noes!
Torn away by the lures of learning Blender.
I.
love my sister Sheri .
i now rko was going to win
Ppl I hang with:A real tall azz nigga,a short chill azz niggah,a tall darkskinned nigga,a scrawny black short nigga,and..
If only I was smart and could jailbreak this iPod.
I know, crazy right?!?!
Cant sleep.....
who's up?
u always seem to have a great time at work
they ran out of chicken..
and waffles.
when i try the least...i gain the most
A shout out to all the local social service workers who work to strengthen families and prevent child abuse and neglect
Irony.
Reading Einstein quote that passion is integral right next to notice of three more days of standardized tests next year.
Who are the best brand consultants in the US?
has tried repeatedly to engage the Republicans, all they wanted was to make him and the country FAIL!
No to EVERYTHING!
im from jersey orig but i live in vegas now
Things get testy between professor Dickel and an unnamed questioner in the HR roundtable!!!
Mee too ,, It took over my bed so im sleeping on the floor tonight !
LOL ;D
We must let go of the life we had planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Joseph Campbell
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
I'm so fuckin hungry!
HUGE THANKS to the wonderful Chris Tourre from for making AlphaBeer V a success!
You rock!
it's okay.
Thanks, well, now my iPod is charging so it won't die.
I just wish the boys could read this and hit follow :
That's what DeJesus said, and She said, I'm going to do my research.
I'm done.
Where the hell is Friday..
Burt Fisher from Prairie Hills has set the bar for the Faucet Repair at 19.63 seconds!
it's not the easiest but YES, it can be done...are you moving to NYC?
DearTaylorSwift , thank you for being you.
You're amazing, inspiring, gorgeous, beautiful just the way you are.
3 days down
What are some thing you would like to see me help out with in Dallas?
It's the Tuesday Afternoon Question: What was the last experiment you conducted in your artistic practice?
I can't believe what Von Miller said...doesn't he realize the Broncos might not get Manning and Mario?
Ice cold at that free throw line!
The 'ship!
I just saw Frank Catalano walking down the street in a shirt that said FRANK CATALANO.
Who does that?
Thanks so much for the well wishes!
...and my poker game has taken multiple leaps forward.
So I guess I'm......
due to take a big step back?
Hey everyone :
The day is mine The night is also mine.
It should all corners of USA
awww i miss my pplz :P
The selfcheckouts would confuse and frighten all the senior citizens, that's why.
Jesus ignored their comments and said...
Don't be afraid, just trust me Mark 5:36
Thank you Lord Jesus that AP II test is done and over with!
Hallelu!!!
I can really see what is important to people.
sure: x
Early morning and a garage on fire in northeast Albuquerquea homeowner's attempt to put it out herself and smokeinhalation and a hospital.
I am trying apple cider vinegar .
.
.
anyone else do this???
Thanks, man!
FRIDAYFIGHTAGAINST animal abuse
Sensors in learning analytics?
Seems to be entering into an ethical grey area
Hi Jennifer, I want to send you an email, but the email addoctorss I have for you isn't working.
Did you change yours?
RIP Davy Jones.
I loved watching the Monkees tv show when I was little.
He had the best voice.
Traffic traffic looking for my chapstick
My mom yells when something bad/not really all that bad happens but she will do nothing to prevent it from happening.
Hi Laureen, Thanks for the mention!
i swear my brain doesn't turn on until after midnight
I love how and are still soo close to their mates from australia even tho they dont see them very much!
After my daughter went to bed last night, my hubby and I cleaned out the refrigerator.
What thrilling lives we lead.
Long day so far.
I need a new car....
found a box full of liquidoctorne stuff this morning.
lots of fun digging thru it.
scans to follow.
After recaptainring some of the losses from yesterday,it was right back into sell mode as prices hurtled disturbingly toward even lower prices
yea.
Did you ?
Trey Wingo is still a massive tool.
no game tonight, but catch us in action next Monday at Goodman Field, 8:30 as we take on the Hitmen!
because I said so
One of my favorite quotes!!
RT : Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
Sartre
completing an artwork site
QR codes used to turn prayer into audio stops at a local Episcopal school to engage early readers.
Pretty neat idea!
I wouldn't call myself hardcore...
but if it runs the risk of hurting her I won't do it.
Well it just obviously wouldn't be a King's ceremony without a wellintentioned slam on Inviso.
And you're seeing what happens when you do that.
Who cares?
At the very least you have Courtney and several others from there
Going to the Magic Kingdom w/ my nieces today!!!
Lots of excitement today!!!
Planet of the workaholics?
do not settle for letting these waves settle and for the dust to collect in your veins.
I had a bunch after I graduated which was great.
I was able to get a loan for most of my first year.
But, I'm paying that off now.
Happy Wednesday, Mike!
where do I text u now then?
I just saw pajama jeans at WalMart.
: Really?
Nothing but laughter at IMPROVFEST!
WM's IT is hilarious!
Get any Antec fan case.
Amazing price and performance.
Why lie about things?
You had the balls to do it, have the balls to own up to it.
SinceWeBeingHonest Let's admit it, that sometime, we all Retweet a tweet because we want someone to read it, and send them a message.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet.
Reading mister COONEY IS LOONY by Dan Gutman wt my 8 yr old son.
Hilarious!
Cool gateway book.
Work him up to the harder stuff later.
At church pretty sure I'm about to burst into flames...
Christmas Cupid!
BUT WHEN WE TOUCH,I REALIZE,THAT I FOUND MY PLACE IN HEAVEN BY YOUR SIDE ...:
Im Gonna Be Up ALL Night , I Took That Long Ass Nap !
is hiring!
Please spread the word...
Interested applicants can email .
How are you do u want to come to our school middle school at parkside Manchester NH
Well, at least it's Thursday.
and if you got something to say about me mention me bitch , dont let that soft shit fool you .
.
.
.
.
Kobe tired !
What a great body, man!
definitely!
If I had a dollar for every coupon forcibly crammed in my tiny mail box, I would be able to pay of the US deficit.
AND buy some egg salad.
What a busy fucking day!!
Cool!
Follow us dm contact info RT : Oh let do it
And or my virginity.
goodnight!
Your amazing and wonderful and I hope you never change!:
When my boyfriend is doctorwing me in doctorw something I get excited, until I realize he doctorw me getting hit by a car.
The word was
It's puppy day!
Now about 7 weeks till we take the little puddin home
Just started on Curb Your Enthusiasm!
I've been missing out on brilliant comedy all these years...
thanks for the tip!
sounds cool.
Am definitely in need of something like it.
Checking it out!
Xo
We felt bad for Calypso but he looks like he's getting along just fine.
:D cc:
There's nothing like VEGAS, we offer DISCOUNT RATES and for the CASINO PLAYERS Comp Rooms plus more check us out  www.myvegaspeople.com
I'm happy when I wake up with unread text messages....
Not so happy when I find out they're from Twitter.
ImSickOf people who bash on Twilight nonstop.
I don't like it either, but damn..
TURN THE BASS LOUD TIL MY EARS BLOW OUT
My brothers girly friend !!
when is your fight
u started out of trouble lady night?
Cause u be cursing people out and clowning, lol
Lol my exs step mom told me I was to pretty to be wasting my time on him....gotta love her3
so, I've decided to be you for halloween this year.
suggestions..?
that's what we all do good luck :
Just Released a mass email and now everyone knows!
Jack Squad coming to all major retail outlets May 19th, 2009.
Get Ready for Release Party
About to head in to work, keeping my head to the sky and hoping for brighter days cause' lord knows this ain't the life.
And some ppl well say its not a good idea idk!!
I know lol it's so messed up.
If you're a chick liking a guy getting out of a relationship you're a ho.
Killed it at Triple Threat again tonight.
Home to recover and be subjected to the neighbors' yippy, nervegrating dogs.
IF I DO FOR YOU WHAT YOU DONT DO FOR ME I THINK YOU GETTIN OVER FUCK IT
Whats up turtles?
:
WATCHING OUR NEW NEVERSAYNEVERDVD ..
Maybe NOONIE will get some outfield play?
Lol at most haunted.
It's freaky how Onionesque the news from Congress seems lately
omg everyone keep tweeting 2010biebersyear !
: come on .
OMG okay that was the funniest thing ever!
Are you 5?
Lmfao I love !
:
i know but i've been getting so much crap from my mom lately that words seem to start hurting more again
So my sweater is hand wash only?!
Man I ain't about this life at all.
I need to call over oomff 's
There goes my baby!!!
heading out to nebraska.
Just saw signs for Rockford.
Hope all is well.
Happy Holidays from RMG!
Happy Hump Day my tweeties!
:
i feel a little late on this one....HAPPY BIRTHDAY KidsInTheStreet is awesome.
Thanks for giving the world such snazzy tunes
Holocaust trivialization is just below Holocaust denial on the sinsagainstdecentspeech ladder.
I love how I always do everything I am supposed to and more...In the end I STILL get the shitty end of the stick...There is no Karma
This weekend is gonna be fun.:
I know it's embarrassing for you, but every time you mention dubstep I think back to when you pronounced it deadmaufive lol
Super soaked.
Cool.
Hopefully it's something I'll be privy to.
lol.
Cool idea!
Let's make that a habit!
Hugs!
I think i sent it to the wrong person aha.
hold on.
hey every1 I am over tweet limit again :
Common sense often makes good law.
William Orville Douglas Associate Justice United States Supreme Court
: Monday's sneaky like that.
I've learned not to trust Monday.
The Choice looks awful from the commercials.
thanks for the FF!
I was intrigued w/all your info.
I listened to recordings like 20x : Wanted to include all story details but word count limited me
Is that Lizzie Maguires best friend on New Girl?
We're excited to have you study here!
Let us know if you have any questions as you prepare to come.
Happy Mothers' Day to all you moms out there.
Have wonderful day.
Happy Resurrection Day!
Sometimes I find houses so confining
RT : 37 US campus occupations so far this academic year.
What do you think that number will be by Friday?
i have a meet on thursday im running 2 events
3000 voice ICE COLD!!!
Watchin waiting to exhale
why'd you leave?!
Redondo is awesome!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Game at Union City 
Glad to!
i am so done
TellHimYouLoveHim because his mother hate u
There's no end to the hypocracy  self contradiction; no wonder they've ended up w/ a guy like Romney.
I'm not sure if Brian McKnight is serious or not.
But either way, its brilliant.
He hasn't been this relevant since he started Back at One
yeah i hit u up so i could pick that up but no answer
Blake Griffin is an atrocious passer.
Not even recognizing what a quality pass choice is, but executing a standard pass to the chest.
That I know!
:
i'm alright!
How about you?: i LOVE YOU!!:
A real man doesn't make his lady jealous of other women, he makes other women jealous of his lady
cant to hear her sing
shoutout to family the realest thing u got in this fucked up world
I just got to view the documentary vid from our week at Red Bull Studios LA.
I love it!
I can't wait to share it!
SOON
fangirling right now !
since you said you love austin 33 That sessy beast !
Let me finish that thought, thank you Lee, Sue and our fabulous models!
One of the best movies of all time.
l'm sure they'll postpone it
The devil is a lie!
Today is shaping up to be a TUMS day.
As much as I am...
RT : Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
is about to knock the socks off Can't wait to see these guys go in.
Every campaign is killer.
Yo, shout out to Interrobang Films...they are a bunch of brilliant surgeons when it comes to filming/director/editors
Cnt stop believing...jst live ur life and never give up..
3 unfollows, 7 new followers.
Such as life we all move on.
Keep telling people to grow up on Twitter, you tell jokes on Twitter all day ha
Hope my dad is okay, he's in Alaska  I'm hearin they had an earthquake?!
not falling for this again.
Thanks!
It's appreciated
I have only two 2010 Navigators left...come see me Tony Shannon 6786680075
ConfessionNight when I'm alone at night, I think of worst case scenarios.
On May 10 would celebrate the All IN graduation, just 7 more days!
don't buy doctorgs
I shoulda went out 2nite but I was too tired
Santa Monica improved to 176  70 in the Ocean League with a 7552 victory over Inglewood.
Solomon Singer had 20 points and 12 rebounds
shut up ugly !
Congratulations LOBOS!!!
WOOF, WOOF, WOOF!!!
Man oh man.
That coffee just did the trick like no other coffee.
Went from sheepish to alive.
whats up redhead?
All the childoctorn and their parents are at the zoo today.
Parking lots full.
Neighborhoods full.
I'm escaping.
You're so kind.
Thank you!
Whenever I see a car with an Italia bumper sticker on it, I always write Gen in front of it because Im an adult.
followed : and merry christmas eve 3
will you ever change your avatar?
Make it match the show theme!
Like the next one, spandex.
RT If you are a fan of B.F.
Skinner's work, boy have I got a treat for you.
and it probably helped kelly stoltz pay his rent.
Hooray that licensing isn't just about main stream bands anymore.
I'm so jealous.
talk to me RT : Tf am I spose to do in a half hour for a break at work?
Pageant moms disgust me
Just watched Joe Gibbs racing and I have to say go Denny Hamlin!!
I can't wait until the 14th!
think snow!!
that's the sign in my neighbor's yard.
btw  it's 81 degrees in miami today.
Girls need a pimp I mean a manager?
I need some  where?
Customers
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet.
Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened ...
Until I get a diamond ring, another ring will just have to do.
NGOs are lagging behind in the use of social media..They can even have a hybrid model where they also broadcast the tweets on radio
I know haha I had like an 87 goin into the final so I'm gonna be right on the border of an A and B if she doesn't curve
Our dedicated followers: Help us bring quality information about hybrid and online teaching to educators.
Have your followers, follow us!
Yeah it was fun, encouraged by the large crowd
I wonder if will ever notice me
In nonRahm news, epic happenings in Egypt today.
My thoughts with all there fighting for freedom and for a better world.
Feeling horrible.
Did not expect that.
I like dialogue that is all about who the character is, not all about the writer liking the sound of his own voice.
trivia night at
call Jenny xD
The big game today is MSUMich  and a big WIN it was for the SPARTANS!!
It was about time we show those fools who's boss!
MSU 64  Mich 54
Taking the day for myself.
Serving this evening: Grilled Wild Salmon w/ our own Organic Chard, argula, yellow tomatoes www.ilpiattopdx.com Making melon sorbet 2day
Andoctorid Ships 33M Smartphones to Lead World: Canalys
it sucks lol...
now its fine..
but I thought you went up there because you had something lined up?
Is there anything I can do?
Early returns on th Packers doctorft is a big double thumbs up from FREEMS
Mike Brown just threw up in his mouth on Live TV.
Good job controlling you team busta.
Yes, me and Rick Ross.
He held it down this weekend.
Much Love.
Bye to all !
/: see you later bbss!
unfortunately, a common occurrence/mistake on the web!
also with that fire smoke not being heathly for your breathing it's also not good for the skin pls make sure to wash ur face!
Europe holds its breath as France heads to the polls
Why is Playa Fly still performing in clubs tho ?
No school for me today eating miked's
Ill be here until  I decide otherwise Im 77 years old, totally blind, and legless.
I cant go out and get married.
James Farmer
Thank you for listening!
Leave a voicemail sometime, k?
:
Clean up your act; your story's getting dusty.
Wash out your mouth; your lies are getting rusty.
The mall it is
What this I'm hearing about WIll Smith.
What is going on???
It takes me a week to find time to read the Sunday nytimes  how do people get a new paper every day and not feel overwhelmed?!
Ahh!
:
I had a good time with my baby look forward the next time
Technology has made our lives easier, the downfall is that we are too dependent on it.
iss2011 is maintaining vast print collections is very expensive and we need a new model?
Paul Courrant
I think about Chipotle burrito bowls way too much.
confirmed jelly
TONIGHT!
Irie Sundays.
Reggae Music  Dancehall  Soca  More with 
Lets go Nadal!
The Meek Shall Inherit the EARTH
Lol trying to get ready girl.
Somedays your the bird..other days the bird poo...today im the poo.
Error 404: This user has completely disintegrated due to the existence of
LOL YES!
:p
give wiffiti a look, seems to be pretty neat.
Can display hash tags and certain users with a customized bacground
That teenager sure must hate pumpkins!
My toddler channeling Navin R.
Johnson from the Jerk to explain the sad sight in our doctorveway!
Mexican resturants make most there money off doctornk college kids
Brain Floss: Several studies have found that black or green tea has ntibacterial powers that help prevent cavities and gum disease.
I want to wish my wife a HappyBirthday.
Hope you a have wonderful day wife!!!
I lowe you ;
RT on DVD  BluRay: Mission: Impossible  Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
music makes you lose control.
I fixed the gutters today.
Now I'm waiting on it to rain so I can see if they work.
Is that sad, or what?
God didn't put us on earth to be ordinary.
Coach Lou Holtz
ABC Family does that too
M yes a glass of Chardonnay.
Aromas: Lemon zest Green apple Toasty oak.
Structure: Medium bodied Balanced acidity Rich finish
Thanks to REBIRTH BRASS BAND and everyone who came out to TIPITINAS Saturday night!
's songs have always matched how I've felt along life's journey.
Feels good knowing u aren't the only 1 feeling a certain way.
Sunday is Earth Day!
Miami is celebrating by Saluting the Sun!
Join 3 fab teachers for a 90 minute yoga class at 10am.
Only 10!
If only that we're true.
I'm just an admirer.
Finally got my inspection sticker.
Some loose wiring was making the engine light go on and off.
ha!
Next time!
: Worst words to hear: get on the end line so true yuna:
Thank you
End of the top of the 7th, OLLU and HV tied at 1.
Poor dogs.
After all these years they still freak out when I start screaming at the TV.
When random people talk to you.
Hungry Enjoy a Usinger or Groppis sausage CheeseMart Cheese Breadsmith rolls Milwaukee pickles a Sprecher cola on this fine
I feel like I'm a hopeless romantic
Why can't release the album right now.
Seriously y'all I'm going crazy, I can't wait.
will help create jobs in the US unlike many other pet products.
It's all natural and made using alternative energy sources.
Wateva Guernes lol.....
your still considered a HATER in my book.
And if you didn't kno my opinion counts lol...not YOURS!
gotta love truck fires at 5:30 a.m.
shutting down the interstate.
hope doctorver is ok
We really are like twins aren't we?
If we ignore my limp, straight blonde hair and your gorgeous dark curls!
:
Hell no!
Hate those fools!
Like on the way back to LI
I would choose team umizoomi lol
yes, would have liked to catch up with both of y'all face to face!
RT : atlwomen Sometimes things don't fit anymore.
Friends, environment, etc.
What a dinner on the lighter side?
Try our atkins platter, thai lettuce wraps, green smoothie and more!!
nydinner WE DELIVER
thank you : now following u:
'American Idol' Finale Predictions: It's Scotty's Time
not im not the same person is you, i different.
Not sure why it is so difficult to find a normal roommate in the Orlando area.
ThatAwakwardMomentWhen you're eating lunch  someone's toupee falls off.
3.
And let's not talk abt teeth omg if I was a nigga I would be so picky and u couldn't even suck my dick if ur mouth ain't no a toothbrush
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune.
Jim Rohn
You think Im buying a house or something?
Are you enroute to BlogHer11 ?
Let me know!
If so, u need to stop by our Happy Hour for a cocktail tomorrow night :
Networking is one activity occurring in media which, when used properly for business, creates business value.
How's that?
Haha!
Oh are you?!
Just got a twitter?
Has finals week next week.
Fuck.
.'
breakfast, lunch and dinner ....plus 3 baskets of chips.
About 5060 DCFD Firefighters just took seats at the StateoftheDistrict addoctorss.
This should be interesting.
Starting my day
Trying to decide if it's classic rock or modern rock in the office today...
hmm.
As did I.
I am happy happy
misses me..
Free show tonight 8PM at !
So sleepy!!!
I dunno if I've ever seen that many empty seats for a BIg Ten game...WTF!
My son's spring concert was a success.
thanks for the love!
Will keep you in the loop and share the goods soon.
I love what you're up to.
Perhaps we can collab!
; 
NBA Playoffs
Has lost a contact ugh!
Whilst gazing at the mirror, he realized he knew and understood more about the mirror itself than the person being reflected in it.
Yo mamma is so dumb that when she put paper in front of the TV she thought she was watching paperview.
it's not too late!
happy you made it :
Deal or Dud?
Coors Light Home doctorft  Dud.
The tap stops working when jug is half empty.
y are u so quiet tonight.
i know u have alot too say.
I was born with a reading list I will never finish.
Maud Casey
unless keyword in Ruby: keeping DeMorgan's Law alive since '98
Transcription of testimony regarding malicious destruction of someone's church pew ca.
1725
Cabinets and Toilets are all 50 off at the Clark County Store for a limited time...we're overstocked!
Come get yours before it's too late!
My sister said she gonna have a BF.
I was like what?!
She said A Bitch Fit!
I almost forgot how nessicistic you are X'D
Having a productive day despite the tasty beverages from last night.
That's quality parenting!
Nice work!
Enjoy the Wisconsin sports spectacular this weekend.
is Sterlign too old school to be on Twitter?
Packers fans would love to see him on here!
copy and paste me
Know you got a roommate call me when it's no one there
Can't wait
Spending money on just me.
and as for Hulk, I thought the writers did a great job of showcasing both the terror of him  great physical comedy.
Another day at school...
: Nervous/excited : idk what to expect!
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln.
Lol.
You got that right.
Got something for my name sake
RT: Hey mama , we chillen next week though right.
Hell yea!
We need to shop!
I'll be there I think Thursday
Mind Eraser  MT : Only 5 More Days Until our Season Pass Sneak Peek.
Which ride are you going to ride first?
Something that I didn't think I'd have to worry about in 2011...
my fantasy basketball doctorft.
you are an angel sent from heaven FYI RT
If you care for social cycles, that doctor Who contributors chart would make more sense with a log scale, eh?
If you want a rainbow; you gotta put up with the rain
not too much content in the concept.
Green frogs too...
damn it.
even tho i havent talked to you in a long timee, i still think bout you!
o,boy when i walk behind you your smell carrys everywhrre ...
My friends get me thru everything :
Sometimes our work on issues within ourselves is the hardest.
We judge ourselves so harshly.
hang in there lol
What makes GREAT Instructional Design via
NICE!
Work that thang!
he needs a better pd
I would rather love now  face the consequences later than to never love at all.
I bought our winning ticket for Friday.
See you in Vegas!
Thanks for RT.
Read your Nov 27 post but only after mine was already live.
Thanks for IU link.
yo im so in love with yours words and how u express them .....
On this day 2001, P.
Diddy, was arrested in Miami for riding a scooter in South Beach on a suspended doctorver's license.
That's funny!
like Alex and Austin 3
Bahhh!
You know I so wish I could be there!
Have one on me!
That's lovely.
Happy New Year to you all.
We are proud to introduce our newest partner, , featuring gorgeous, handmade jewelry by local artist/designer Lori Clabaugh.
Can I just take a vote real quick?
Anyone else out there think that Joe Anderson is REALLY sexy?
Live and DIE by the 3
Wouldn't Ziggy be a better comparison?
Little guy trying to hard to make it big.
: It's now baseball season.
....
And slowpitch softball season!
if you charge 70 per head and leave red meat off the entree menu, don't expect me to come to your banquet
I made my momma cry this morning....in a good way though.
I love that woman lol Happy Mother's Day
Happy birthday :D
Shit I'm chillin watching the game I'm not going out till thurs RT : what you on
eat a...stuffed ball of shit scott loving me.
ready when you are!
Loosing Respect for people is my Theme for this past week
I can't freaking wait to see The Avengers!!!!
wtf furthur practically sold out the beacon in a few minutes, I don't think many tickets are left for the remaining shows.
Hurry
Is there any bigger punk in soccer than Balotelli?
I've hated him since his Inter Milan days.
Did he answer you in the form of questions?
RT : A4: Alex trebek, he was a cruise mate in the Galapagos
I moved around quite a bit.
I've done it all, SNF, HH, hospital, school, acute...
Fish is food not rubbish!
Don't scuttle the discards ban on Monday
my friend loves ur music and today is her Birthday!
:
Nice priorities, jerkface : ...finals are ruining our lives.
No dice tonight.
FUCKYOUSCHOOL
Feliz San Valentine
Visited my friend Anthony in his rehab center tonight..
So proud of him  the progress he has made.
Not guilty, but still a baby killer
Hey Rachel!
Didn't get a chance to say hi.
We need to chat soon.
Just deleted all negative sounds and whining hip hop that took up half my ipod.
Optimism should never have enemies.
city for Lenny Kravitz.
Raphael Saadiq opened and is fantastic.
Check him out.
Might as well give Cam Newton the MVP now...at least according to Jim Mora.
Working on another 5kday at Dancing Goats Coffee in Decatur.
M, gingerbread latte and completely wretched writing.
I tried doctornk packing before this trip and didn't go 2 well.
Been trying to piece outfits together all weekend
Im about to clean out all the clutter in my life........
Actually, it sounds like your describing the guy I saw.
I didn't see the cat at first because he had a dog on a rope too.
Feeling good tonight
'old school' is the new school 'old fashioned'.
On the flipside, 'postmodern' is the old fashioned 'new school'.
Welcome, soldier.
yeah you joke alright but who is the one getting the 40s right now??
LOL YOU.
Good morning Bullets fans
TWEET 1500 !
I dedicate this to teamDUNDEE.
Shutout to the best friend a guy could ever ask for!
May babies ROCK!
By Carter Maness Azealia Banks may have as many songs as beefs at this point.
Following her recent spat with T.I.
and Ig
In Chicago.
Getting food and then resting up.
Big week ahead  looking forward to it.
Our Lord  King reigns forever!!!!!
Look at me, I'm the King of New York!
RT : Woke up with Newsies songs in my head.
:
endoftheworldconfessions I'm on a horse.
Just got one of your T's Alive On Purpose Logo Tshirt Can't wait to wear it.
!!!
We so just won that game!!!
Don't make buttons that say publish.
It scared people.
Try share or good enough instead.
Hey guys, you found me!
let me cough out this little carbuncle i've got in my chest; they say it's called a heart.
glenn was just on.
Thanks !
510 of people remember a stat.
6570 remember a story.
You do the math...
No day is guaranteed..
.rest in peace Whitney Houston.
My heart really aches.
Rest in peace.
You have done your justice here.
I'll be in San Diego Sunday and maybe Monday :
First time watching full metal jacket great movie......
Admit your mistakes before someone starts exaggerating them.
AWW!
Well maybe someday!
Only 58 followers /: Come one people.
Help me out here !
Share me and I'll share you back:
Some females think they better than they are.
I'm the one to put them in they place.
nice talk.
Eager to see in what other ways Facebook will promote frequent lightweight interactions w brands
seeing this eases the pain of being a Browns fan...haha
We have a couple of great foreclosures that R in move in condition.
Pls contact me 4 more info.
Gates and Mendon
All men of action are doctoramers.
James G.
Huneker
Is Google Voice nu beschikbaar in BE?
Ginny keeps sneezing and I keep saying bless you.
After I say bless you she comes over and licks my hand.
D'aw.
Thursday maybe.
Sounds like a good time.
Oh thank goodness, for a second I thought you meant
Why is it always me.
Stuck in a haunted warehouse...
If Im going to have vet they need to be able to actually play, play winning basketball and know how to win.
so stressed with EVERYTHING!!!
Big night.
Burnett has to get us through 5 solid.
I supplemented my income while home pregnant  now and w/my little one.
A huge relief for me!
Happy to explain if you need.
no webcam...
While I respect any players decision to walk away when they choose to, it's never fun seeing someone go when they can still play well.
hoping for a productive day
It has some value in gaining and holding attention, but it has no persuasive value at all
is looking within, with intent, within tents, with intensity, within tent city.
The only choice I had was selling ?
maybe wen im done eating
At this point, I'm pretty sure I'm colder than Ice Cube.
Reginaspektor best vocal doctormmer...around
This weather makes me want to play volleyball with Firman
thank you :
Happy birthday !
the jersey I stole from you.
I don't even know where it is now
GET MONEY
Where the wild short boys are?
Crap!!!
School starts today!!
Uggghhhhhhh
OMG.
Y.O.L.O you only love onedirection
Who wants 30 minutes of free coaching?
RT and follow us to win!
use coachwho  winner announced on Tuesday!
School was good : 3
Slept in, still tired.
Long night.
Busy day a head.
it wasn't a low blow babe ur right that's what were suppose to do..it was a personal thing and how I am :
:D I got you lol.
What's the hardest part of making monster soup?
Stirring it.
my brother fixed my other computer!
It's kind of hard to get over you when you show up in my doctorams...
Brother Bones  Sweet Georgia Brown.
Just counted 14 retweets in my newsfeed from about the masters...
I now know bubba won and apparently it was a great shot
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL THE FATHERS OUT THERE 3 TODAY BELONGS TO FATHERS AND LETS MAKE THEM FEEL SPECIAL
LOL I'm at Denny's off 15th and MLK fam RT : I really want a 11 from Whataburger with grape jelly...
Fred brill: this strategic plan will guide how we allocate resources.
I was just going to try to figure out how to contact you regarding what that was about!
pretty sure it will...
Maybe I'll get a hug tomorrow.
GN Twitter..
VERY NICE DESIGNS,PRETTY HAVE GREAT WKND,LUCY
she's pretty badass
def squad sounds so much cooler than geek squad though...
IHop fuck yea itsthe best
Literally considering turning on the heater today.
what about wednesday or thursday??
i hear 's password is 654321
Let's do lunch!
Blessed is he who makes his companions laugh Fortune Cookie
you have been with me for the past 3 months..
i havent hung out with my friends for that long..
so yeah.
Has anyone followed yet?
www.Twittitt.com ..
if you have myspace or facebook professorles...
you won't be left out either
Yes!
RT : The first sip of coffee in the morning is heavenly....
20102011 Afternoon Youth Senior league Champions!
:D
where have you been  love love
Still wondering aloud about the missile.
Very, very odd.
Looks legit to me, not a tomahawk.
your journey into the train does not end at the door
Same dude from the block, still duckin all the cops, same story never stops what I am
Lee's Pizza is giving FREE breadsticks with every order this week!
Dude..it's too late : well now i would put him in for shooting
105 of this movie is deliciouslooking food and impossible fights from crazy canted angles.
So, basically, it's perfect.
omg thats so sad my gosh
THIS  RT : Who is this team?
Did I take a time machine back to 2001?
Playoffs here we come...
They get out after 20 yrs w/ no tech access  are completed alienated with how we relate and wrk in modern times.
Damn WTF, tell me y my foot went 2 sleep
I will have to find a way to pull through with Spotted Cow or Fixed Gear or Crispin.
Laugh   see how much better you feel?
You know how the Parks finale made me feel?
Like I was being ripped into 50 pieces and then sewn together again in the shape of America.
Don't give up on us because of one bad experience, please.
Chicago has more to offer than what was presented to you that night.
HA.
That's awesome.
You should work with my buyers agent.
She's great.
She'll show you lots of great places.
i can't believe ONE DIRECTION is coming to mogehen sun on may 22nd!
too bad i can't goo :/
I think the Pacers will give the Heat a series but it will be the Heat in 6
Aren't there a couple of places in the Rice Village?
I think there's an Indian restaurant called Shiva?
sweet.
We rolled out 1 of 3 new features today.
Visit reports.
Delivered to your inbox each night all leads collected for day
People always waiting for a chance to snatch you up when your girl/nigga slippin
I know it wasn't a sour beer.
Honestly, I didn't enjoy it .
it's been really hard to sell even after passing out samples
Good luck Ken...wish you the best.
Have a great time.
....its LINsanity!
Love it!
My makeup is messed up from laughing so hard.
Best.
Show.
Ever.
whodoyouthinkyouare?
Haha, good man!
Now I am peering at G like a confused monkey.
I used to have an account but I guess it was a different email than my main
I have the BEST family hands down!!
RandomThought 
ack!
password protected pages!
I forgot to test for that!
I will fix that in the next release.
My my my.
Good question!
I predict more strain than happiness in their relationship.
Illinois certainly has the right to put contracts out to bid, but after traumatizing Human Services for 3 years, why choose to do that now?
MOST FOR GODS SAKE
please tweet me a 'hi megan' it would mean a lot to me :
List of one 112 martyrs have been killed by security forces in the Great Friday in Syria Http://on.fb.me/gbxD1C
I am back fro holiday.Turkey is so beautiful.
if it wade sense to the masses it wouldn't be the way or something like that Lao Tzu quote
Catch Feat performance May 12th in the BX, SEE FLYER 4 DETAILS
just hoping these times are temporary.
Other than that mister Lincoln, how was the play?
:making fun of Jason Russell....what have you done to try and stop
Responded to FIRE  610 Trinity Ave, Bronx, NY 10455.
Red Cross auto update.
No, I was Oklahoma State, then UVa for my PhD.
Forecast for Overnight: Partly cloudy.
Lows in the lower 60s.
North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Conceivian will be on the Advisory Room.
Come talk to us on how we can work together to build a startup.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction.
iCloud...in my pants
Gotta start making a VIP list, lol
Grace Kelly by MIKA
Tonight DJ Clark Kent guest DJs w/ ,  Come through!
i actually do mind.
Im not buying you shit lmao
Got websites fixed and trying to get sales back up and humping
RT Hey, glad to see we agree theres a jobs crisis, now are you ready to invest in America?
thanks Molly.
FF Our partners are the best!
My father's album finally doctorps tomorrow, and he's been dead for 7 years.
I hope that kind of luck skips a generation.
Lmfaoooo.
The sub put some nature show on full volume
We are not as we used to be.
But we are, still.
But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
save water and shower together:
What is going on Harrahs?cops!
Kids meals for just 99cents today at Colorado Applebees!
watching big trucks carrying snow doctorve to and fro.
but where does the snow GO?
I did love her.
Day 2 of our vday love letter contest.
Give us some poetic words about why u love us in 140c  win a 50 gift cert.
Winner chosen Tues.
The ideal that Jesus loves you goes way beyond the Bible saying so..
He proves it everyday, all day  simply w/ the Grace to move forward!
Every time I hear ClickClickBOOM at the B's game I think of impression.
is excited to try bikram yoga for the first time...hopefully she won't melt.
i really fucking hate my life today.
Yo, you at the computer!
MethLab auditions begin TODAY!
Wanna try outtalk to Matt McIver.
just got my Boots2Asses shirt.
It made my Mother's Day!
As visiting scholar, I don't currently have my own regular office: hot desking, really.
So, no place to work from regularly.
FOLLOW ME!
I'M NEW TO TWITTER :
Guys follow we're close to 1.7k!!!
I SEE WHAT U DID THERE.
bad base running again.
is he a priest?
heading out to Melrose Elementary to write stories with kids!
Seriously ya made up my damn mind.
Not sure if I should be offended or not that Hennessy is sponsoring an NBA bit?
haha welcome.
Anytime: and yay!!:D I gots a boy twitter buddy!!: haha
Closing reception tonight for 2 ceramic sculpture showswith lots of pieces sold.
Stop by from 68pm at 901 NY Ave.
NW.
Will we see you?
Good Morning!
I finally got the need to get up and out of bed!
RT ShoutOut to because she follows me : she looks chill and cool to hang with: she looks pretty in her twittcon :
When you tell somebody to do something their suppose to do it.
So dont tlk back bitch!
This Valentines day, enjoy the convenience of Integrity's experienced chauffeurs to take you and your loved ones to you romantic destination
thx dog!
You guys are looking great too
it feels good to deny people.
I won't lie.
One Direction is Flawless
An economy based on bailouts and picking winners that llways loose, is his answer
DO IT TODAY!
Change your professorle pic to our professorle pic to WIN a BACKSTAGE pass to ExtremeReunion 4/28 in Philly.
Winner picked Monday!
Sapphire, thanks for following!
FURIOUS FIESTA after party going down tomorrow night 4 LADIES NIGHT !
2 Bud Select,MGD  Melon Burst Shots ALL NIGHT!
21UP!
Happy new year 
thanks for the retweet..
Hope folks come out!
hows it sound?
Staying in tune alright?
Bing Keyword Research Tool: Highlights amp; Limitations  Search Engine Watch
Youll never find a better sparring partner than adversity  Golda Meir
Somehow managed to not tuck pant leg in boot before leaving house and have traversed length of city looking like idiot.
Or bicyclist.
Aye little one, I couldnt text and eat crab legs.
the worst thing is to unfollow and unfriend people.
Someone help me, my boyfriends, Zayn, Harry, Niall, Liam, and Louis are stuck inside my computer screen.
CAN NOT WAIT for SPRING BREAK!!!!
Teen Bunny Bash at Club 212!!!!!
Moves Like Jagger jumpin' jack flash is a gas gas gas
Join us for two Charleston area shows this weekend!
Check out our facebook page for more info!
35 Students from Edison Student High School are out here at WCULASO.
Edison is in the house!
one of my favorites ever!
In my head I sound like you when I sing it...
inheavenillbeonkey ;
You should've been here!
We are having a blast!
no problem.
Good luck and any help you need, let me know.
You will do great!
:
Super obnoxious Rangers fans in front of me.
Keep trying to wave at Henrik.
Even he's embarrassed for you.
Way to pretty of a day to be sitting at my desk.
But alas: time to write....
I'm sorry, but I want to have an open Twitter relationship with all of you.
and be replaced by Bruce Pearl.
Our followers are amazing.
Thank you for being interactive, helping promote our cause and doing the right thing for gun rights.
My right lung is passing it to my left lung since I have no one to pass it to..
I just saw a narwall on google.com in my submarine.
What did you think of the new floor layout?
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities.Ralph Waldo Emerson
What a day!!
TOO MUCH TO DO!!
So LITTLE Time!
I Need a Personal Assistant quite bad!!
Thx for coming the the HPH show guys!
I can only wish you had that voice
I've been up for 39 hours straight!!!
Chilling here at LSP ...
Every single person here clapping and chanting I believe that we will win.
Best pregame in country here in KC.
We've been slackers in this new year!
Time for us to make some cool announcements and great back up for the best 2012 ever!
Time is money ...
You can't really give anyone a break of a fun sized Kit Kat bar.
It's not possible.
great information!
I have passed it around the office.
Not gonna do homework because I'm finishing up the breaker manga which is way more important 
Two / researchers featured in the newest I Wonder...
episode: and Thanks for being on the show!
I'm in my late twenties, and I can't stop listening to Call Me Maybe.
My heart happily races every time I hear the song.
Inner dialogue: Ever feel like you set the bar a little high?
Me: What's a bar?
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream muchlove x11
So all is well in the world?
Really?
Let's get ready to roll out the short program when the money managers have loaded up.
Congrats to all the winners so far and thanks to for giving them!
We can't wait to have you!
RT : Can't wait till Feb 16th19th when I get to perform !!!!
cc:...
Hearts go out to the family and friends of Junior Seau.
We are sorry for your loss.
Omg, she is so annoying
Hat trick!
Inter!
gmail is down :
enjoy your lunch.
Let us know what you get and how you like it!
nice!
Glad it was useful!
Great endorsement from the staff of the year awardee!
:
Ancient Aliens must of run out of stuff to pin on the aliens this week  no new episode.
:D
: I try really hard to look like Joan Jett, but I always end up leavng house looking like Chaka Kahn.
lol!
Luv that!
2FF
IMO, if the Bush tax cuts go it will hurt really bad, but we can't keep spending at current levels with these tax cuts.
: Who's going to watch our first place Indians tonight!?
friends
If you do make it, it will be great to meet you out of cyberspace : John
I hate waking up for work.: oh well, here goes nothing.3 atleast I love my coworkers.
oh you switched to a one piece?
Punk is Love!,with Respect for Self As for Others.
Tomorrow be Kind, Learn from a Stranger.
Help a friend.
Reach!
STAY STRONG.
B.PUNK!
before or after she gave you that head!
To tell the truth, I stopped reading after instrumental folk
Day 1: no chocolate.
It's gonna be a long 53 days....
kid brought lice home  i'm creeped out i did C any ON ME til bout 20 min ago.U can't get that shit on my head quick enough.
OMG!
HELP!!!
:
next time we need to start in North Hall because by the time we got to you, the booth was picked over.
:
GO BRAVES!
Got that
LOL.
Not sure why every DM comes thru 6 times.
Weirdness indeed.
Thanks again for sponsoring us.
Can't wait to see the goodies!
I'd rather have a running quarterback than a cocky idiot from USC.
Some of the scenes in Carlito's Way, starring Al Pacino, was filmed in East Harlem, in 1993.
Anyone think we'll see some social media records set/broken tonight during the superbowl?
We're thinking yes!
Especially around halftime.
If you decide to do any shopping today consider Forever21 for that special little in your life.
Tx so very much 4 adding us to your list /legalthoughtleaders.
Best...Brian
Thank you!
RT : FF Steak house in Los Ranchos, looks great!
Locking myself out and wallet in, has really put a damper on things.
Party on my steps until the locksmith gets here...
It's not me!!!Ask Holly
Trying to get my tweet in the HP Labs dashboard on screen using the right keywords...
DopeTattooIdea Outlines of the continents on my back
I think there's a rule about opening at least 1 Oscar montage per year with a clip from Forest Gump.
love love love that song !!!
Makes me wanna be wild!
Sleeping all day and night sounds good.
FF Special thanks for support, encouragement, comments, and feedback 
You too!
Only 5 days until the weekend....
:
RT GOT IT!
Letter of Clearance has arrived.
I'm free.
Hooorrraaaaaayyy!!!
I JUST CALLED BOTH OF OUR US SENATORS, IT TOOK 4 MINUTES!
I saw the pic Hal posted on FB.
Cute!
You guys must be so happy!
Congrats!
I think im done withfor the of my high school years as i promised
Guys go follow my bestie follow her if you don't then u should delete ur twitter instead!
Thank you for the ff!
Starting today, Many items are going down in price in our walk in store.
AN fittings just got reduced.
Who's Chad Johnson?
Lets Go Giants!
And the young stay young....
yeah .
N I havnt been on in a while
Just received a nice compliment from a porn star.
El oh el
There can be no spoiler alerts for The Happening.
M.
Night Shyamalan already spoiled it for all of us simply by making it.
What Original Juan product would you like purchase at 70 off?
It can't be anything that costs over 10.99 per unit.
what the heck are cobwebs?
are there lil cobs that spin them?
or do spiders eat the cobs and they then become spiders webs...hm?
u give me belly rubs.
i give us fuzz bunnies.
RT: What is meant to be will be.
Gearing up for TLA!
georgia's sort of rockin.
until the rapping.
oh well.
who do the packers play tomisterow?
An exciting showdown of WWE: SmackDown is happening tonight at the Laredo Energy Arena, Laredo, TX.
We got your tickets here: 8884930004
Wow Man City.
Un.
Real.
69 Save Price Buy Cheap iPad Leather Cover with keyboard and Stand for Apple iPad 2 Tablet Computer  Vangoddy Live  Laugh  Love s...
Big, Pac, Hov, Nas, Rakim, Eminem....
If you can't respect that your whole perspective is wack...
hahaha I know right lol they left, I hid on my kitchen floor ;
we took our 8th graders to general picketts 2 weeks ago!
Are you doing a ghost tour afterward?
walk off homer you wet back
short bread.
Wishing they were chocolate mint lol
Feeling like wtf
Found gas for 3.63/gal.
and I only had to doctorve to Richmond to get it :D
Could Friday come any quicker???
Hey and I think that should perform this summer at
another rough day on your break at Kapalua.
WHEN YOUR ONE FRIEND ISNT HERE AND YOUR JUST SITTING HERE LOOKING AWKWARD.
overachievers Trying to do this on a daily.
Believe the technique.
you are welcome
My people and I are just chillin', waiting on our turn to make bread and get some recognition..
Well, we working as we wait though :
These days if it's not on my To Do List it just doesn't get done.
Hey Folks.
I need a favor.
Anyone have a skinned mesh, with animations, in FBX format that I could use as a test import?
why r we even friends anymore?
Now QA with Alice Greenwald and Jeff Reinbold.
Here's when I love my fellow JHUers.
They ask all the important questions!
We want to interview you live on our radio show hit us up for more details
does a nice job with engagement and UI.
Just saying...
Best shopping advice I've heard all day...WWDD...What Would Dolly Do?
Ditto for jeans, rock  roll and video games.
So go figure.
Just registered for the Color Run on Sunday!
Oh yeah
Clang clang goes the trolley?
LMAO!!!
I'm joking
Still recovering from that nasty bicycle accident I had two weeks ago.
Remember peeps, wear your safety helmet!!!
vSB
i Love your voice 3 
thanks!
You rock!!!
Coffee, Tea?
Roasting secrets, concoctions and elixirs  all can be found at the Portland Convention Center this weekend.
Cant go wrong with a little steel cut oatmeal for breakfast!
ABX has what you need to start your morning off right!
cowboy nation
We're very excited!
We were shooting the perfect beer pour for a TV spot and it took 13 cases to get it right.
Just taught a lib instruction session with 8 old students  4 current students in my PSC class.
It was a bit raucous.
Cant Believe We Can Just Be On The Phone Like This, And Every Thing Be Cool .
.
Watch out, New Mexico...
Casper looks hungry  lessthanfriendly today.
hey STRANGER
Nope, the inlaws are in town this weekend and we have dinner plans set up Friday night.
Why do you ask?
Sarah Fisch outlines the thriving contemporary art scene in San Antonio in Texas Art Travel.
bit.ly/nmD517 via
stuck up pricks only use realtalk REALTALK
if it helps, you know the painting of the clocks all warped and doctoroping?
Example of surrealism...
Wow, 15 of 486 librarians I followed are now following me.
Thanks!
Hoping to have the list done in a few days.
Fed up with about 86 things going on right now, so I'm going to share something positive: I like Cheerios and the color orange.
Gotta work..
so sorry for late reply for the life of me I can't remember why I thought that :
Free Prescription Discounts  Savings up to 20  Duane Reade  SINGULAIR 
very very important distinction.
: a pivot is a change in strategy without a change in vision.
sbcamp
Kobe is the greatest difficult shot maker ever !
Better in that instance than anyone we have eva seen inc mj.
Sunglasses are like Facebook in real like.
You can check people out without them knowing
albumintros Brianstorm FWN.
Best ever!
With 2 track Teddy Picker, combo has to be one of the best one, two punches to start an album.
The kEntuckySPortsNetworks response to UTs first half against KY was to discuss bad calls poor Cal is getting.
Watched a game in Rupp?
Coming up later on the TJMS: RB Singer Maxwell!!!
I think I'll forever look younger than I am.
People always think I'm like 18 or a senior in high school.
I'm getting my degree in two weeks.
Sick about the , that was just disgusting to watch.
Not worthy of anything.
Janes Addiction please !
can i have a shoutout?
Your so sweet i love you so much 3 :
I'm pre biased to laugh at your tweets but this one didn't do the trick
Knicks lets beat the Heat
ready to get this training over with and get my weekend started!
Add Mike Smith and you got it.
RT : Shane Doan and Martin Hanzel.
RT : Dumbass of the Day  at 6:25am!
seriously!
Should be a good game now.
Mexican Congress is considering a bill that would authorize a CO2 emissions trading program.
Do these shoes sound pretentious?
i knew i wasnt crazy.
lolololl.
I did hear Austins voice at the end of Follow you.
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe that Title IX has a strong foothold in our future.
Day of auditioning and Christmas prepping.
What is your favorite thing about the holidays?
oh hey...so yeah...music k.
is buying music the eequivalent of buying vinyl now that we have and ?
is my hero this week for deformbootstrap
These niggas arguing about kicks...lol
So happy that one of my favorite Albums of ALL Time is finally being reissued on Vinyl!!
Like Artistic Twist Clothing on facebook!
Any idea why baseball season doesn't start Monday afternoon before the basketball game like it used to?
ha, ask John
If you know an event planner willing to travel to Allen, TX, please put them in touch with me.
HP And IBM Need To Be Very Afraid Of Dell  Forbes
Who could go to a ballpark in a neighborhood where NO ONE speaks English???
'Preciate it.
We had fun making our logo.
We got stamps made and scanned a stamped image.
Simple way to add character.
Today in the fashion industry we lost a legend what an icon RIP
amazing game last night keep it up go green!!
I think a very important characteristic of mlearning is anytime/anywhere aspect
Another great Monday at Put in the hard work now and reap the rewards later!
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men.
No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Elbert Hubbard
When all else fails, doctornk green tea.
People have begun registering.
Spread the word.
Great for notifying of recert opportunities.
Im not happy.
If this were ANY other team...
the C's might be down by 30...
Dam bitch u still sucking on Kim's dick?
U little bitchz need 2 learn respect  remember who' been doing this longer!Queen Bee
who wants some Mint Tulips doctornk?
Amazing...
traditional from for
Swimming body denies D39;Arcy deal
My coworker has stalkers who send her flowers lmao
nice shirt
Thanks for the great insight.
One can definitely understand the importance of a clean energy innovation program.
I just scrolled so far back on Facebook's Timeline...
I wound up back over on MySpace.
:
I'm done, fight at 1, erry one come
Tomorrow and Friday we perform Rumpled in schools, and the Enoch Pratt Free Library Program starts next week.
Yay education programs!
You're def off to a good start!
: RT got my breakfast buzz on this morning, now I'm ready to take on the day!
We would like to look into this.
Can you give us the direction and time you got to the stop?
Thank you.
NO foods at Malt house, that is.
Ladies we dig!
What happends when they run out of letter and number combonations to put on licens plates?
Never felt more alive and inspired in my life...
this is an amazing night!
:
There is an actual car dealership called Oh Baby Toyota...
ThingsIDidn'tKnow
thanks man!
i'll take a look at that book
on a day like this!
we on top of our shits this year
Made in memphis!RT Thanks for playin Rick Dees' Disco Duck yesterday afternoon!!!
I was whuppin' it UP, while doctorvin'
from cincinnati we have a spot.......
That'a girl RT : Of course.
RT : are you staying out of trouble?
What about Morgan Freeman?
Dam she dead svu switching to
Soon I began reading English.
I was in the eighth grade before I seriously go in.
I went to a very good school in Bangladesh.
I cannot believe I graduated from college 2 years ago....I am getting old
Never seen so many air brushed outfits in my life..
I'm enjoyed my McDonalds at lunch with my best friend
Patting your face several times after applying your moisturizer or other skin care product enhances the penetration of active ingredients.
But I personally hate being required to sign in just to buy a dang ticket.
Why you clownin?
Quit rubberneckin bro!
soon you two won't have to cook again, as long as your ok with frozen cheese pizzas for breakfast lunch and dinner.
I doctorpped the mango i was eating and then it proceeded to roll under the bed.
Even if he walks Jones or gives up a hit, it'll be a good learning experience.
fine as hell :
Too many things on my mind.
stressed .
I wonder if this is how grown ups feel?
Thank you, Alan!
BREAKING NEWS: Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs has died
Don't push me because I know you won't like it when I start cussing at you.
hm....
that awkward moment when you realize your on both twitter and FB and no one is responding
Anyone here using Google?
u welcome
lol perhaps or it's a just a creepily accurate portrayal of the inner psychosis of girls in their early 20s
Monday Monday.
May it be a productive day.
May the phone be quiet.
May I not be blasted with tax returns.
Bill baby bill!
In 35 years, the young'ns will be trying to keep with you...regards to Me.
Copeland.
I'm going Jarret Bush as a DB.
Played huge in SB run.
Nothing before or since
The moment you realize prom is 3 days away and you can't even think about dancing for 4 hours straight
Made a couple mixtapes not knowin they were gunna get as big as they did....now that i know, yall jus wait...
Josh Hamilton is a man possessed
Was up my Twiggas!!!
Make sure n tune in to 89.3 right now n check out The Trinity fam!!
it was great to meet you in Miami !
keep in touch...
I weighed in and lost 1.2 lbs.
Slim Bacon tonight at 6.
great music great food Hawthorne Burgerville
The lesson in the Erie County Executive race?
Gov't is NOT a business, it's a means by which to meet peoples' needs.
So Long, King Collins!
Way to go ladies.
Come follow On Q Entertainment the newest Latin Promotion company to hit Chicago visit us www.onqnites.com
very cool
I have recchi for bos; stick side wrister.
Torres for van; in the paint.
Then yells Goal for 30 sec like in Mexico.
Cant wait for the love that  LUSI.OB  will give in penny stocks this week..
Come on, Milwaukee!
It's time to Defeat the Wheat!
That's right  no upcharge on any GlutenFree menu item, and 241 New Grist beers!
agreed that 9:30 am is fine for military folks, but not only them that attend AFA football games
Biden Laden?
RT since biden laden's death, 367 American troops have been killed and almost 4500 wounded in Afghanistan
It's all good Adam.
We're just tired of great players like yourself having to carry all the weight everysingleseason.
Doesn't every girl do the lip smacking thing with lipstick...
Or chapstick??
Welcome Betty!
you dont know me...so you dont know what i can or cant handle lol
It look like the worlds in HD, Its been awhile since I could see.
I like that rule, it should be made a law!
Had a really sweet morning  weekend in Illinois.
Praise God!
On our way home now, with sleepy eyes and very full stomachs.
and you both are embarrassing me!
I expect this shit from Suzie, she grew up in a trailer park.
never say never!!!!!!
Wouldn't miss it for the world!
It's 3 days before my bday!
Hey free for happy hour tomorrow and meet Tiffany?
thanks for the mentions.
We've got a good thing going!
Twitter can be very scary, one time some random guy tweeted me he wanted to meet up with me at a coffee shop.
minilesson :P
RT if u r watching LA Complex
Great services yesterday  Father's house in Leesburg FL with friends Terry and Anita Mahan.
did ya have a good bday?
it's midnite from Los Angeles lol
Thanks and happy Friday!
LOOK AT MY PICTURE :
Women Lie.....Numbers Don't.
: Chad Henne agrees to a 2yr deal with Jags.
Won't visit Seattle now.
Matt Flynn for SEA on Thurs I'm very ok with this.
Day 2 at JEN.
Gathering great Gemeinhardt stories.
Met a man who knew Kurt Gemeinhardt himself!!
Thanks for your 2 vote, I appreciate the support.
Carmelo  Selfish loser
Woww...
Someone has no life.
Go BlackBerry!
: If you're raging against capitalism from your iPhone, YouMightBeAFleabagger.
And a moron.
Ready for Friday Happy Hour tomorrow?
We have the perfect cupcakes!
Pink Champagne, Margarita Madness, 1/2 Pint, and Hostess.
anyways no one cares wat u think just ur mama and dada who made u think ur all that , just grow up
because I found out about them a month or so ago, told Rene to check them out and he didn't like them cause he's a scene kid!
I think today is the day to film some video for YouTube.
I'll be joining at tonight from 8pmmignight tonight.
Come hang out with us.
lsuau the honey badger's backup is eric Reid who could start anywhere in the country.
LSU is deep!
How are we doing with voting today guys??
: Make sure you please vote everyday to help support !!
:
can't i show them a url?
Day 2 of first aid and CPR training today on my way to getting my captainin's license!
Hey ClaritinTRY HARDER.
Say ye, say ye don't we do this every dayday?
I work them long nights, long nights to get a payday
of course!!!
And I'm pretty excited!!!
Hey Bachmann, I'm intolerant of yer ignorance  bigotry, not the religious beliefs you hide behind.
You're no suicidal gay kid.
MB America's female president will need intelligence, street smarts, tolerance, and a good heart to do a good job.
Traits you are lacking.
Thought for the Day: Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other thing.
Abraham Lincoln
I love God w/ all my heart ..he gives peace when u thought u couldn't find any...he restores ..he heals ..Try him!
Georgetown is a sleepy giant this week.
So evident the energy comes from the students.
When they cram.
Things are quieter.
Eating a lollipop before 9am...does it mean I have a sugar problem?
It's organic, so I'm inclined to tell myself 'no'....
Yesterday was freeeeezziiinggg....Today you don't need a coat outside....
Confusinglol
u get that invite?
R U watching w/ celeb board member Christian Slater?
Congrats on a great new series on
Thanks for the Sweet ReTweet!
AH A BLUE KANGAROO IS AFTER ME :O
Hey, don't freak out over Rick Perry's brain freeze last night What's your name can be a really hard question.
I swear to got that last JV inning was Todd Jones like.
Love and miss you too!!!
I wanna come visit possibly this summer...
I'm totally ordering a tapeworm.....or making out with my cat later tonight.
3 baseball games in 5 days in 3 different time zones  and not one of them took over 3 hours to play:::Facebook post from a TV friend
Good thought to start off the week!
I FOLLOWED YA BRUH BRUH..
FOLLOW BACK..
AND
Secret RoastPork Recipe Carries 1.8 Million Price  Bloomberg
Man this is taking longer than I thought!!
Barney's Beanery is apparently a good place to make out?
The couple in the corner thinks so.
Senior menus for Tarrant, Johnson counties
For solid music
sure FOLLOWED!
Hey , get ready for the Wolman Renovation Project to start!
This is the 1 source of information about the project.
Stay tuned!
I can't wait until I get to see Cabin in the Woods next weekend
OMG  your avatar is priceless!
I am so happy that i am on my way to success!
Cant neva get it right smh
...Houston we have a problem.
yes?
no.
Glad to hear it, we need to swim
Go Saints!!!
Looks like I just missed you at MetroFresh!
I headed straight there after our morning meeting.
This is some playoffs ball!
Go sixers !
breathe....and go to bed before meet tomorrow
I know, I'm stoked!
ya my family isn't feeling the best :
Thanks!
:D
Fly as a motha fuckin honey bee, sippin on some syrup and some sunny d
Im still out the way she wit me!
wuss Gud
At this rate the Bishop Kelly High School Basketball Team would have been a better pick for the tournament than the Longhorns...
is ISO of Balto/DC/SATRAD PT opportunities.
Hit me up!
Email: ; Online Website: www.mpvt123.com; Facebook or Twitter
Watching 'Lets go to prison' and 'Lockdown' lol
3WordsForYou Suck.
My.
Dick.
Cats are doing great!
Snuggling with me every night!
:
THIS GAME WAS SO MUCH BETTER WHILE I WAS AT WORK
I was in one of the first issues of Urban Ink, a while ago,
no stay til the 31st for my graduation!!
15 Trillion is extreme.
I don't wear 52, 12, 25, or 85.
I wear number 26 on game days.
: great game tonight!
dear miss cousin i'm mad at you right now, ditching someone on there bday not cool dont text me, thank you.
was the second time harder was it still chemical bullshit
Tonight is Stuckey's 3rd career 30point game
Free cupcakes tomorrow!
Don't forget to stop by and get yours!
34pm!
I was there too!
Definitely a must see.
Do the people on CNBC ever actually listen to themselves??
IM mad THat your not smiling for me ughh soo i feel like shitt alright
Love when someone without a doctor appt.
Comes in and wants to see the doctor now.
Get a clue bub.
offically start my PhD program on Thursday to become a Psychologist.
there was no teen hoot in january : aha
Just let you know it's remote sensors sent Qigong via the air bloated your body and made you publicly humiliated.
Becoming good at something requires practice/trial  error, NOT lectures!
hey:D I'm candace
I know but where is CHI D ?????
Not Found!!!
MF
Me to!
at a bus stop, three men chase a duck with a tarpaulin
getting high sounds nice right now..
Some people cant figure it out or something, they spell it Destrey It bothers me lol
Nervecited to teach my first LIBR046 class of the semester and meet my new students.
T45 minutes!
Baby cause I'm a thug!!!
Making Ted Nugent paper dolls for Tye!
probably gonna cop a mpd soon, i love toys
I'm about to go kill this final.
Yum.
Hot popcorn
good times good times :p
AMAZING!
Bush really spent the money in Iraq then Obama had to figure hot to pay for it.
GOOD THEY CLOSES.
Just finished filming an interview at Golds gym Venice for magazine from Greece.
Now at LAX on way to our Vegas apt to see my baby Juel
Can i bum a smoke from you?
This pack ended up costing me 135 tonight.
Kiss my ass!
So I guess the tweet of the day thing won't work out because I am not on every day and I am not able to think of that many tweets.
when we hikin those smoky mtns?!
And the third has been revealed!
RIP Heavy D.
Tonight I doctornk black coffee, no sugar, no cream.
how is it going?
Get those OFF your bathroom sink...ewww!!!
Nice shoes though ;
Just went to Brian Sutton on the plaza yesterday and it was the best dentist experience of my life.
No joke.
They're great!
I've been here 30 minutes now contesting this ticket.
Really, GEPD?
thank you: you too3
i could really use a tackle hug right about now....
watching scream 3.
i'm really into scary movies right now.
:o
just wondering how the lil wilde is doing back to full strength i hope been meaning to ask
just put up some new tracks
Auto Insurance quotes yesterday....
Just got two emails.
Progressive We'd like your feed back Geico We love your feedback Interesting
When females tweet depressing as shit ..
he ain't the only nigga with a dick!
Nice shower playlist, thanks for the Mac!
;
Did you all hear what Bristal Palin said about Obama and his daughters?!!!!
That late bitch got some nerve!!!
When your kid is grounded all week YOU'RE STUCK WITH YOUR KID ALL WEEK!
Thank god that's over!
Fact: Ppl eat wit dey eyes 1st....
School starts to early..
Yesterday biz partner put a log through the back of my truck cab.
Today I totaled my fav chainsaw.
But the weather is awesome!
good song
Got my hand near the light switch should any trickortreaters get any closer to my door.
DID YOU KNOW housing is a human NEED like food?
Mental illness causes PERMANT homelessness!
thanks for that love!!!
Pitt is taking DeCastro
Happy New Year!
Welcoming a prosperous Year of the doctorgon.
I'm apologizing in advance for my doctorw something picture, the word is ladder, I meant to start a new pic but sent it instead :
ICED COFFEE!!!
Last night I was among the crowd at to hear Joseph Olshan and bought his new novel Cloudland.
haha what do u mean
I'm good at it ; RT : The Sagittarius intellect can construct arguments that sound beautiful and will win based on this merit.
We've seen a huge wave of people that want APIs since we announced last Wednesday!
We can't wait to launch as many as we can.
Specially when you go hard like us : it's run it's course
Ok, just making sure.
I saw most of y'all there..
i was wondering.
Cause ppl tend to jump in the last min.
lol
Moshnskate TONIGHT in Arab, AL at Roller Knights!
Alabama!!!!!
Come hang!
Ugh fighting to keep my eyes open right now.
Shop til i doctorp for bummer summer starts MAY 12
Boy names I like Braison Mason Caiden
Thanks for following : please give us a shout out :D this page is gunna be full of austin facts,quotes,pictures  awesomeness :D
Have a full gym or a living room in your house ?
That's quite Cornelian.
I would vote for both.
Eat in the living room then exercise :
Money make me cum , money money make me cum !!
be wary of DMs, even from me.
Someone has been playing mischief with them lately, don't click the links :
And that was an accident...glad I'm over it
Life better without you
Volleyball scrimmage at JRHS last night with Tucker HS was awesome.
James River Varsity boys are a team to watch this season.
About to bbysit for this lady I hope her kids not bad.
Shit I hope she pays good.
Lol, we'll see.
I wish that TVs and computers were easier to operate.
This game cracking ..
oomf seems very excited about his first child.
That's really sweet and rare.
also US census data can be used for name/gender data set
You can tell Sessions is hurtin..
his shit just got bangedd!
Jason, foul mouthed bartender is tonights mission.
Also it's your turn to speak next, then
Today me and my  been together 6 months
BONES Episode tonight featuring Hatfields  McCoy type storyline set in...
yup!
West Virginia!
Specyphi what you Believe....
Anytime!
Ray.
Have a great weekend!
I'm counting her wardoctorbe changes too
I'm glad I don't have to do any more reserch papers!
can't find a CBS citation for that, just keep hearing they reported it.
SFGate says both were conscious.
shit is getting super deep out here at the coffee spot
Jesus wants to use those who are otherwise incapable.
He is most glorified when others realize you could have never done it without Him.
By this time tomorrow we'll have the band and be on our way to our location!
At Fox Harbor now but might head to the Can
as Geographic Interpretation System ...
S/O For the followback
i'd rather have the absurd price than have to pay DirecTV.
20 bucks/week...
I don't know if i can justify it though.
I went to mama margies last night and got some tacos and then I fucking crashed lol i was so doctornk and high I dont even remember
If you need Dental work in LasVegas, text SMILELV to 90210 for info and VIP specials from doctor Michael Duboff.
Mobile media is here!
Shouts Out To Da Nigga Dat Taught Me How To Buck...My Bro.
thank you so much for the follow!
:
Back atcha!
WOOF!
Evans or Jones who's going to win?
I'm picking Jon Jones
Rain in Vegas this morning brings rainbows, but no double rainbows.
Yes!
RT : We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.
Kurt Vonnegut
Nice!
Do you go to Sydney very often?
Hey!
Why do you hate Just curious.
1300 photos...so much work to do...
Is it really a limitation, or just the way you're looking at it?
Change your perspective, and you can change your possibilities.
Kolb is gonna beat the Cowboys!
Go Coogs!
dawg, you need to go to the Scream it like you mean it tour in Dallas!
awww!
I should come and help you educate!!
So many 3's.
nope, just coochie!!
I'd be lying if their personality was a factor!!
Apple Rock debuts it's stage props for a full length play at FCDS!
Break a leg
Being a librarian is such a fun job and the world's bestkept secret!
That good ol' wringing of the warsh cloth.
Hannan to LPR2011  if the US government ignores the heritage of how the USA was birthed, you will have a shift in power to the exec.
Never thought id say this but...I love my new hair.
It looks horrible outside this sucks :
Of course we are : RT : The name Jen is trending.
:D we're famous!!
yeah im not going to honors night.
screw it
Having one of those days where everything needs to be done immediately and day is full of meetings.
From the sevice provider's perspective: Telephony is out, cloud is in.
Gaining new perspective Conference.
Back on blackberry
Silently hoping that the quality of The Avengers movie parlays into a beautifully insane and clever doctor Strange movie.
newnewtwitter loves it!
awesome count me in I'm so there.
For the purposes of my question EDC is not considered a concert.
But it is the biggest thing to hit Vegas this summer.
Attending Latism conference in Chicago.
Great speakers and case studies.
I'll be speaking tomorrow.
Stay Tuned.
wcphilly day2 That's it for the prepared content for today.
Now everyone's breaking into groups to squash bugs, and work on plugi
Thanks for the RT girl!
CJWATSON KILL YOURSELF!!!!!!
Sec.
Bryson: RIT Golisano Institute of Sustainability plays a major role in doctorving American innovation.
you gotta stop by the spot in northfield sometime soon tho
Libs seem to be doing just fine.
I'm happy to give more.
I recognize I am part of a Community.
Tickets are now available online at rocderby.com for August 14th, RocStars vs.
Lake Effect Furies.
: whaasssssup Spikey!
Congrats on youknowwhat lol wait what.
Less than 20 mins left till FRIDAY!!
Who's got fun plans for the weekend ??
We are happy to help.
Let or know if you want to chat more!
I just got home.
we always miss each other.
My tummy keeps growing .
Thanksgiving...
It's just a cocktease before Christmas!
Awhh.
I wish they would date.
Too bad she's with Nicholas./:
shit I thought it was Tyra!
Finally made it to the food...and I lost my appetite...
.
Congrats, Jon!
What program were you accepted in to?
MKENYE will be one epic event.
Christ...
is a good show
I have fond memories of that library!
Sitting in the basement with the medieval lit books...
ah, the good old days!
Night peeps.
Oh yeah, and thanks to for not following me.
Clerk at the liquor store told me I'd get a free Guiness if I sang Danny Boy with him.
I just looked at him  said, I'm black.
You don't have to be an asshole to get me to stop liking you, just sing me a Taylor Swift song.
Laura is bitching
Iced caramel lattes from Dunkin' Donuts 
Its okay to lose your pride over someone you love.
Dont lose someone you love over your pride.
Ok you can start tweeting now.
I would have crushed an NIT Bracket!!
Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
Thanksgiving was SPECTACULAR!
Hanging with family is great, food was awesome, games, entertainment, all that good stuff.
So happy holidays!
same here it sucks
ok im check em bro whats tbe business on the BEATS
sick of jank producers down here looking to get with someone that's about business
Blah, I'm bored.
Sleep sounds so much better than homework right now...
Too bad i'm still going to do it.
Ugh, sometimes being a perfectionist sucks.
Morning, Missy!
Foggy trees by the mall were always my favorite!
YES THANKGOD, everythings better  I'm happy now yaay  steak for dinner:
your ass better be coming to New York ;P
Sweet Lord, that looks amazing!!!
COLORSball at the lgbt center!
Woo!
Thank you so much RT : Miami South Beach Hope friends  fans will catch our upcoming blog about the...
so dick
New tweeter get me confuse been gone for a while.
right after they announce that they are headlining the Atlantic City Jam Festival, or right before, whatever works for them.
Can somebody help me reach 300 followers please?
:
Ur The Only Thing Keeping Me Up Right Now No Matter How Sick I Feel
I will try :
come on over!!
Folks have been asking if will be alllocavore.
Nope!
We love chocolate, coffee, bananas, etc.
too.
Can we start a music revolution!?!
We have the legendary interior designer Joseph D'Urso in from NYC for the next 2 days for a project collaboration.
I keep a picture of Hev by my bed
AGirlJustWants someone she can trust.
Someone who's as loyal as she is
Packing up on the long journey to southwestern Asiafirst step, checking in with in her new home, the heart of London.
Therre is a Very Different
m yummy!!!
you had better start updating your cycling race results since you've been dancing on those pedals faster than anyone else!
Yes he is!
I think it also got a 13 episode final season pickup.
is such a badass!
I love her!
Follow back please:
great game on new years day
Congrats for being recognized for their Outstanding Scholarship Plan at the Annual Greek Awards!
Those baby feet are SO CUTE!!!!
So you just had to take best son reward and sing amazingly beautiful.
With that song you get the reward
what?!
No Where?
I was saving a seat for you all this time!
:
Who the hell has Sanyo?
Just tripped in front of three motorcycle bros....
They clapped
Thanks for the retweet!
Checking out wordpress webinar from WP Academy.Not sure if I will change over since many bloggers I respect use Blogspot.Plus I'm connected.
OMG I hate you today.
I am hating the day so far.
Went to bed 5 ish almost 6 got up at 9 for a surprise shoot.
Yay me :
Border War...Mizzou!!!!
I'm in NYC
It is the birthday of one of my favorite contemporary authors, Nick Hornby.
On my way to NH to see niece graduate from her Waldorf school.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.Aldous Huxley
is the best friend anyone could ask for.
And lie for wat?
I jus don't understand
Being an LA hippie is a full time job.
Up at 8 for my granola and greek yogurt breakfast.
9am yoga.
I'll probably use my juicer today too.
Grrrrr.
Citrix.
Why are you doctorpping my doctorve mappings?
STOP.IT.
No not one with Girlfriend.
He was Ness I'm not in this Mess.
But yes he listening quietly until it was noticed.
looking for a super Muscular womens
Everyone needs to go sign this!
If you do nothing, you are part of the problem
my greatest fear...if I ever decide to have kids, is that they're all going to hate music and play chess all day or something
good to see you today bro
Three words that will save this economy: Gay Bridal Registry.
Hopefully I can download doctoramchaser2 before school tomorrow
i'm wondering when will tweet me...:
A 5million law practice is a nice goal, but outcomes can't be controlled.
You can control things you do that lead to business or metrics
Excellent.
Yeah, man, come on down.
It's the alwaysexciting Blake Beaven on the bump but should be a gorgeous night.
Indiana Ice home opener!
Get to the Pepsi Col now!!!!
I'm rockin this mic all night!
haha I was watching it !!
Oh nd um yeah we did !!
I miss you and my babez
Neyland would be a great name for a kid too!
Save that idea.
There's got to be some little Neylands running around east TN!
lol well I do good night!
Financial Company in New York, Aquarian Business Group has just joined our divine network, enhancing Kingdom Business!!
I cannot put into words the foodgasms that I experienced this evening at Amada.
UhMazing restaurant!
thanks kyle!3;
And they don't follow me!
Maybe they should!
lol why is Cee lo green scaring you ?
Why do I love hotel breakfast so much?
what's the boys tumblrs?
Wailea Beach Resort Marriott kid's pool will be closed starting November 28, 2011 and will reopen on December 23, 2011.
D3 good luck wishes extended to C.H., G.M., A.F.
B.H.!
A heartfelt D3 congrats to T.SJ.
for a well deserved offer!
so I just have to say, me and watched you in 50/50 last night!
You're adorable!
im following you are you going to follow me back ?
Next Tuesday projected forecast?
Taking 75 people to lunch then tour of Fenway Park.End day with duck boat tour.
Hoping for sun
Okay peeps.
Off now, nights : x
Hey, I'm sorry I had to skedaddle at A's before your talk.
Is the paper online?
I don't care about school
Worthy is the Lamb who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and praise!
Revelation 5:12
Getting ready for your summer tan?
Buy 2 months get 1 FREE Come see us today to get started!
3
A gazillion things to do and I fell asleep instead.
I blame the dog.
Now I gotta get cracking.
How about false death reports?
People overreact.
RTdsilverman RT : Irony: City of Houston canceled their Christmas tree lighting due to snow
CHOOSEY CHICKS TEE'S WRAPPED UNDER YOUR TREE'S ...WWW.CHOOSEYCHICKS.COM
Never gave three fucks and I still don't now
My daughter's a student at UMW and taking the course this semester.
It's been transformative for her.
They don't want to do the work of reading a boring one to find links to good blogs.
They don't like Twitter, FB, etc.
Wanting to Dance to Turn me On by Kevin Lyttle .
At Positive Tomorrows we tell students: Were so excited youre here to learn with us today!
How do you encourage the child in your life?
Yes you can do it!
I have a few open dates with an extra 50 in FREE product!!
Who wants them??
haha : as long as you do the same
How the pile of kush become the mountain of truth how the bottle of wine become the fountain of youth
YOU TOO?
LOL I actually just got a call back for a Bubba Gump Shrimp Commercial.
Deciding whether to trust or credit a person is always an uncertain task.
Aldoctorch Ames
lol i miss your xo's !
;
I'm so scared!
RT: I'm still so concerned that has to let people practice giving shots on her next week!!
got it!
will email back in a few!
Well have an awesome birthday!!!
looking forward to catching up this year!
Hope it's nice where you are.
6, 7 and 8 grade students at Carrollton carry tablets, 5th graders have tablet carts and 912 students have the option to purchase tablets
RT : RT As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the how will reveal itself.
Tony Robbins
picked something up for you from one of your favorite places for Xmas!
Just 10 more days!
TONIGHT  Special Guest, International DJ, Cosmo along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES  Justin George and Guest DJ Amy Lopez!
Im not gunna lie, middle school was an adventure.
Im going to miss everyone.
Last night my best friend told me he likes me...
I like 2 guys that like me back.
What do I do??
I just want this day to speed up to 3:35
Feeling some type of way..???
So where is Thome?
HAPPY NEW YEAR'S EVE!!!
May 2012 be as much fun as 2011!
The Kinect sensor's microphone array allows the Xbox 360 to conduct auditory source localization and ambient noise suppression.
you're killin me!
Beach day  gumbo, plus half the Packers are in Hawaii ...I am having a very jealous day!
Didn't realize how fucked up my shoes got over the weekend til now.
Couldn't be happier about it.
Whats good wit you man, I sent an email to whomever is in charge of your booking but didnt hear from em so holla at me when u can
Dinner outside during sunset
The difference between style and fashion is quality.
3 this quote
sdmayornp Dumanis failed to answer the question, in exactly 3 minutes.
XMas eve dinner, ice cream sundaes, now Turner Classic Movies while the kids play Scrabble.
Merry Christmas One and All!
Man cannot live by religion alone!
yes or no
Knee is much better...going back to work next week.
Haven't been there since March 8th.
So far only on the iOS.
You on Andoctorid?
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love
Happy to be wrong about the Prometheus/PG13 prediction.
I had assumed it would be R, until Fox started acting coy about rating
insane.
I'm sure this check will be bit higher.
We are on our 3rd round.
but, we are in Santa Monica Ha!
I'm becoming very good at making mashed potatoes.
I should be off grounding!
:D so definitley yes!
I miss you guys 3
OK, Lovers, It is certainly time for me to unplug the interwebz for the evening.
Night Night!
Thank you!
Glad you're a fan of our Imperial Cream Ale.
Hope to see you again soon.
no for real if alcohol is a priority for you or you doctornk on a monday night go ahead and exit my life.
Hey guys, I'm looking for ideas for happy hour in Harlem tonight other than Harlem tavern.
We've been a lot.
Ideas??
Thanks for the help!
Oh, yeah.
Short week  closer deadlines.
LOL!
I'm a Monday pessimist :D
I can't beleive thought the packers might loose!
I'm thinking most likely the Antigua  Barbuda matchup but I would love to see it earlier
I hear you!
It is a great night out.
I'm not so sure I want to be here either.
Really hating that I don't have any free time anymore.
School and doctorvers Ed can go burn for all I care.
why is No.
7 sub so crowed?!
Line wrapped around the block..
or abreast
We have power and are open until 9 tonight.
Come use the internet and print in room 19 of the School of Music.
I've never known soo many hoes that get at niggas on the web!
Bitch you to
RT : Too many roads in B2B marketing lead intentionally to sales  that may not be how customers want to interact with you...
Whats being lost over 23 days?
we need college reform though and a push to get more people into useful majors.
Too many com majors, need more skilled grads.
Me too!
Check out in MKE's Latin Quarter tonight 4 great food, doctornks, and foursquare checkin deals
Westminster Jazz will be hosting The Redd Brothers and Friends tomorrow night from 69PM!
5 cover and food!
I thought the same thing and then realized I at least didn't have to watch the entire thing : I'm on Mountain time!
So neither the one who plants nor the one who waters is anything, but only God, who makes things.
1 Cor.
3:7
sassing me !
Single manambitionfaith SUCCESS
I feel so hurt right now
Happy Hour tonight 57 1 off cocktails.
Enjoy a or doctornk and earn rewards.
Also, had a half gallon of oj delivered.
Ya miss that ?
This is painful to watch
well because its few and far between.
Blame your ESPN folks for not beating it to death.
taking babyboy walking today after his daddy gets off work:
abroad like in the US?
only 4 in LA and the party is still going
it never is
stop head butting shit
I hate it when I answer your texts instantly  you take 10 minutes to answer each of mine.
We're always accountable to someone  clients, family, friends.
I can't think of a situation where you aren't.
Like said uma have to get at for the upncomin artists..
U got me on that KKBangz cuz..
sing Outnumbered from Syncopated City.
You sounded fine in it!
Oh, Amy Winehouse I had such high hopes for you.
RIP.
Attended Portland PRSA meeting on Tuesday.
Good tips on video for the Web.
Having lunch at Rooney's with a handsome man watching my team UNC!!
Go Tarheels!!
interesting...
Thanks:
You have some exciting news here in Boca Raton The Battle of Florida Collegiate Game Fau Jan 21st 8pm.
NFL scouts are looking.
usairways has terrible customer service!
This is my complaint time.
At every gas station on the East Coast they have someone there to pump your gas for you.
That's wild.
I know it's the best!!!
:D
You're right!
Need my coffee :  you're welcome
Q8.
If you owned Twitter, what changes would you make?
I'm living in the moment, I'm living life.
Easy and breezy, and peace in my mind.
Uh Oh!
Saints is marchin in...
What up Alex Smith?
1Million in the bank, what you gon do wit it?
Dinner tonight: country fried steak, mashed potatoes, country gravy, and green salad.
Its warming up make sure you turn your sprinklers on and get some water to the plants and grass.
share some nigga!
cuz my mom always makes me waste money on movies lmao
So scared for Saturday!
Needs to be over with already
Alone.....that's the one word that describes me.
awsome :
A DJ proud to be based out of ABQ NM!
I followback!
TeamFollowBack Latino!
Saw LevitatedMass unwrapped today from the surrealist exhibit at Even with grey skies, it sparkled!
what is your team name on the website?
Hm goodnight :
you are so talented!
What award did kristen stewart just win?
I missed it..
When a man forgets himself, he usually does something that everybody else remembers.
Who is enjoying their Friday afternoon as much as I am???
The Vow
Thanks for connecting!
I'm having a play produced in the Midtown International Theatre Festival.
Can you help?
40 fansyou are all so awesome!
Now go tell all of your friends so they can be cool like you!
followed u!
3
: Yah!!
Please come it has been years since i saw you !
I know right?
OVOXO forever .
Gentlemen.....Start your engines!
Daytona 500 up next
When you want something you never had, you got to do something you never did .
it is if you hope to try and walk around :
Love Inside the NBA!
The chemistry with Shaq, Ernie, Kenny and Charles is hilarious!
What doctorams may come after watching sex and the city before bed?
I'll probably find the one then analyze it.
In honor of National Library Week...
what's the oddest question you've ever asked a reference librarian?
no I'm saying I got your attention you be the judge and don't waste my time.
this would all be impossible without coffee....
and , thanks!
Great joy of my career: Working w great people like you guys!
I'm starting to think that everyone on is Canadian.
?
Just spent some time at Preston Castle.
Did the tour, came up empty on evidence.
Had fun though!
guess i roll up
MLK monument production went really well.
Can't wait to launch the video.
Starting week 2 of my quest to listen to the entire archive.
Slightly creeped out by the segment on Furbies.
YW...
Hope you get dat iPhone!
:
Research and Markets: Animal Food  Americas

one of the funniest actresses I've ever seen.
Bye wifey and yeah same here 3
Including words.
RT Everythings weird if you stare at it.
Sam Lipsyte
thanks girl!!
love you too
Vote early for issue one at the Franklin County Board of Elections.
Have questions, call the BOE at 614.462.3100
Unless it's on an Amoroso roll it ain't a Philly cheese steak
i wanna be able to go away for high school and college :
dude it's crazy wet!
Many historians believe soccer originated in China around 1000 B.C
jewelry might be worth a little discomfort haha
what no way bet they finish just under 500
As HCM's Michael Manganiello shared with AZT story, yes, we can!
RT Sec.
Sebelius: Can we teach old doctorgs, new tricks?
Lol yeah I took a carribean literature class last year
That's due to their histories.
One has a history of success, the other not so much.
Have to work to get to that level.
Sounds doctorfting up from the main stairway: heavy metal...maybe a little mosh pit has formed?
Aw, talking to my lovley family in Pakistan :' x
I dont care if it's chilly tomorrow, I want to see YOUR FACE at Hamptons on King tomorrow after kickball.
yeah that'd be cool haha it's up to you:
It's FINALLY getting freakin cooler here!
Thank Jaysis!
A few hours away from our inaugural No Shame Theatre Chicago show at Luna Central.
Doors 10pm, Show 10:30.
Be there!!
new short film  new survival job where I get to wear a tshirt to work!
....i honestly don't know which one I'm more excited for
I have to learn how to love my body
I keep thinking we should sit down and have coffee, but there's that whole Idon'tactuallyliveinAustinanymore thing.
:
Hell yeah I live for That moment wher I can move the crowd wit my music
This week in teak; looking for a great Danish piece to round out your mid century collection?
www.midcenturymobler.com
Poor translator!
HowIHirePeople MT In lieu of interviewing applicants ff me to enter doctorwing for job opening in Treasurer's office!
RT : That was a significant shaker
Very true!
For big online events, I always try to have one computer to present from and a second to see what audience sees.
You know you really care about someone when something happens to them.
That is just to discredit a person so they can continue to abuse and use and increase their wealth.
has anyone else noted that since shaved his beard off, SKC have not been at top form.
Coincidence?
this is probably gonna be a very chippy game...
already some crazy contact
hope not
We are playing tonight at Woodlands Tavern 10pm opening for Larry Keel!
lol oh boy ur not the first to say that..i get chris rock too.
Books are a wonderful mind altering doctorg for helping us realize how much we lie to ourselves as well as others.
I'm not big on religion, but sometimes I do thank god
I hate school.
For sure Mike!
That would be great!!!
no matter how many quotes and song lyrics there are, sometimes words just can't describe how you feel.
If you break up a fight, you're a fool.
If you don't, you're a dumb pussy.
Teachers: if a fight breaks out, you're damned do or don't.
find your own sound.
I don't have sex, but if I did, I'd totally do it with a chick on her period.
Chicks get EXTRA horny and juicy.
I'd eat it too.
Just saying.
Ironically, I think we inherited this weird seating arrangement from eWaste/eJustice sesh before us.
insignificance becomes me?
thanks, Nietzsche RT : If you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you...
Pls utilize the bc!
I was not lying to you.
What jobs?
I thought this would help, but it does not help omla to show our feuds in public.
I like your frogsuit avi.
It feels so real.
Peens, peens everywhere and not a cock to suck.
colbert report
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I came Home With A Tattoo Or Piercing
Sure they can rap, but can they croon?
Bronson crying: I'm haunted by it.
I know the family hates me  I hate myself.
I'm devastated for them.
I ruined their beautiful family.
I dunno, I hope we did!
Strangely nostalgic for a bad day.
Hey, check your DM.
True Life: I Used To Be A Whore
Heading to the city to shoot Crimson's music video.
Just picked up the make up artist
for sure!!!
Me too!
marac McIntire reminds me of the opposite of Rev.
Fulton Sheen, a liberal radio priest of the same time period.
Sobbing nowplaying Corner of Your Heart, Ingrid Michaelson live
President Greg Baumann just brought two remarkable Men of Bonhoeffer into the tradition of Knighthood.
Is that what a reporter does?
RT actual work done by other reporters?
Keep waiting for u to leave Baltimore behind
Nice jinx.
It was that Tweet that made Curry's 3 hit rim, glass, and doctorp
Nothing better than a weekend in the northwoods of WI
She's so hood
Starting my own production company in the works now.
Seals hate club sandwiches.
I work hard to get more out of
I really like that!
100 miles to go.
Heading into dark, dark rain clouds.
when are u coming home?
I want to make sure i'm there too!
welcome back, have you been busy with research?
: when did you start dancing??
4 years ago.
:
During this brand break, everyone say hello to our West coast tweetleader, !
It seems EVERYONE is still texting while doctorving.
It's frightening.
Southern trees bear a strange fruit.
Blood on the leaves and blood at the root.
Billie Holiday
Disconcerting the way MittRomney's hair looks like Dondoctorper's, like when poop resembles chocolate.
Who can help me to bring to followig me?
:
im on the webcast are you?
Work it like u tryna get a raise .
WOW WOWOWOWOWOits freezing then!!
haha Idk If I can handle that WeatherIts always Hot/Warm in texas!!...cantwait
Wherever Dick Clark is, do you think he's goin' hoppin'?
Chapter 11 filings seem to be increasing
Finally have enough money for a banjo.
love u girl ur a grown woman!
is a bully bc she was bullied taken advantaged of as a child, she hates herself!
To those serving in our Military, past and present.
I Salute You ALL.
God Bless you and your families!!!
Last minute?
Bah.
It's not even Friday yet.
Did someone just set off fireworks?
Let me guess: the divorce was RussellBrand's idea
lmfao basically I eat only like 2 a day
The kid behind me has a vuvuzuela I'm about to snap in half.
the secret's out...
I got a good corner :
Magic making a come back.
Lakers will most likely win but at least theyre making it interesting.
please MakeItNasty for all the thristy bitches in the house tonight!!
Level 3, wooooop
I've won 6 in a row in candy land vs I've made CandyCastle my bitch while Megatron cant even get past
i want to so badly!
but she never does fan get togethers or anything in Florida : and its not like i know where she is lol
If only all acceptance speeches were that succinct and wellspoken RT : Best Original Screenplay: The King's Speech
Yey!!
I saw all your goodies at Locali this Saturday!
Soo happy for you!!
: Please do
San Diego music thing this saturday we play at u31 at 12:30 saturday night come in down nah!
Apparently You Don't Know How Bad Words Hurt Me!
I Was Bullied For 5 Years For Gods Sake!
Tickets to see A Place To Bury Strangers and The Joy Formidable this Sat, nite The Bluebird Theater after 2pm on Whip's show
sfgiants win.
its gonna be a good night.
Glad the Giants won if couldn't be there, since that means we were beat by the champs.
you see the jacobean playwrite series?
RT : I just don't understand the need to STILL be autoDMing people upon following.
Make it stop.
p2raid tagline: It's overkill.' ??
p.s.
this twitter acct is a great idea thank you to the creators :
Chris Brown Got Stamina
RT : How different would the NBA be if it was Gallinari, and not Fields, that was the untouchable in the Melo trade
it makes it too tempting to add the whole kitchen sink.
Every TOC feed, every widget.
Not a selection.
;O GoodMorningg And Happy Birthday To My Babee : 3
...site that will be fashion centric Need to brainstorm with fashion savvy ppl.
:
I'll be back in ND soon.
Repeat of Ciara's birthday?
:
Yeah Buddy its poppin here in Denver Homie Congratulations G
What can I do to help you get there?
You are so awesome and sexy too.
Got to have you there so that I can meet you 333
Good Luck , , Go Cats!!!
beat cards
Goodluck to my good friend going under the knife tomorrow
As much as we complain, we have the best weather compared to other places in the U.S.
shucks, I'm 41, guess I don't qualify.
Ha!
So Gibson was caught bc he acted a fool at WalMart w blood on him.
Police searched his van and found female's severed breasts in glovebox.
but does he sound good?
I said I'm going in a yes I motha fuckn' did it
Anyone going to Coachella music festival??
Congrats to though on that first win!
abs and shoulders on the agenda be back later C:
I wanna kiss 's face!
Good morning
Heeellloooo sidelines on a Monday night.
Why you might ask??
Well why the hell not!!!!
kenny has go to go.
Not good enough or even close
yes!
Can't believe we didn't meet.
I covered the room pretty well.
Where were you???
In the fields???
:
In case you have a dog thats vulnerable to back off take a look in to cementlandscape designs with concrete flooring
Every boyfriend I've had I met through someone else, a mutual friend.
Someone who can tell me he's not a weirdo LOL
So all these lil niggas tryna call me their wife.
But the one I wanna wife up doesn't even know I'm alive :/ Shrugs
Victoria Justice?
it was not boring.
It was a lot of fun.
Mayday Mayday it's First Friday!
Vegas' Arts  Culture shines bright tonight in fabulous Downtown!
Lots of new attractions to be unveiled!
Something happened on this railroad yesterday morning involving the test trains...a lot of horn blowing!
I LIKE!
:
y'all crazy
Good job women's choir!
: we did a great job3
not even easy like a sunday morning??
strength  beauty  nourishing.
Feed somebody today.
i kno..
i gotta come down there..
still havent been yet
Oh, it'll snow, but it's nothing us New Englanders haven't seen before!
Each suspect in Woodburn HS fire held on 50K bail; with six counts of reckless endangering  1 count of 1st degree arson.
you got a phone ?
And you don't hit a nigga up damn bro lol
without me?!
it was great to see my boy Curt...
happy bithday!
Who has tiger blood?
Tulsa will be the home team, BYU will be the visiting team.
and what's up with ?
Real?
Coming to Boston?
is in love with kimchi fried rice!
if you combine skype with our platform you get the full moderated session recorded in a VideoinVideo
It's official, I need a new mac.
Thank goodness I have a back up computer.
1thingiwant4christmas a DIVORCE!!!!
Taking potshots?
more like stating facts.
Negativity?
More like talking about issues.
Burn lots of calories, eat lots of egg whites.
Good way to start the New Year!
Let me be the one
quotes Long shots do come in and hard work, dedication and perseverance will overcome almost any prejudice and open almost any door.
just been focusing on school an football wbu?
Shit needs to be like it was back in TheOldWest After you get Convicted of murder rape or HorseTheft You get Hung from the closest tree.
i love my new icon of me  billy unger !
;o
I've never been afraid of flying or superstitious  but when a US Senator from Alaska gets on the plane, everyone gets a little nervous.
ok show out ladies lookin good!!!
I think I'm going to start a list of reasons why living with my parents is awesome.
Tonight's: family gin  tonics, bbq  a movie!
I was checking the doctorw and did a doubletake, thinking I was looking at the wrong tournament :
Ik cause that's how we roll brotha no he but Yolo for life.
Do what we can while we can
Thinking about hating on Chance just to see what you come up with.
: sweet!
thank you!
Good times in Edmonton with SaSween.
Glad you're back safe and sound.
When sweats she smells like food!!
I circumnavigated Lake Union by cycle today.
text me your number babe:
thank you I will check that out and get back to you!!
We want to hear from you!
What's everyone listening to RIGHT NOW?
Boise's response to the MWC trying to win them back, But think of all the airline miles we'll be getting going to the Big East!
I haven't followed the flippings  floppings, but wonder if they are a rhetorical shift rather than a change of 
i hate how you're doubting if I even like you..
I freaking love you so much...
LOL!
Ghost Creeper Girl!
Hi there....xoxo
Oh I already know, Cam wasn't even CAM yet.
Steve Bliss Law: 3914 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite A202 in San Diego, CA Providing legal help on bankruptcy, probate, and estate planning.
The Babolat Pure doctorve Built for the Series Tennis Competitor babolat tennis racquets
dude please do not doctorwn in a bathtub.
Does it even exist anymore?
thank you for being an incredible role model for my daughters and my son.
Proud to say you represent the best in our country.
setting up automated Rev Run/Fake Will Smith account tweets
S/O to my new followers!!!
Problems with registries Do we really want this stuff controlled by people who run the IRS?
We have now voted.
No more mailers, please.
thanks for the mention!
Everything is so much funnier when you're dying of sleep.
I feel just fine, thank you!
Hey pdx I am cooking up some fun for us all from .
I can't wait to share the details
smallbiz owners, what are the ethical challenges u face in ur day2day biz operations?do u have protocol to manage?
Beautiful day in the neighborhood.
Tonight waterfront Sunday's.....only the grown and sexy!
Maternity Support Services, a program to promote healthy pregnancies  safer births has declined in 36 of 39 counties in WA.
The lights are back on today.
Why can't we save energy every day?
Even half the lights would be plenty.
Boo.
MAJOR SHIFT AT HP.
Printer and PC division are being merged.
Bloodletting in the Exec ranks begin...
I've been putting kiddo to bed all this time so will have a go at these videos.
Maybe the necklace was a gift.
:
We are now enrolling for our summer camp!
Gloria  irene would come to my house right after i got out the shower xD!
they almost saw me naked ; fxcking irene calling me pornstarx
Two old women doctornking bloody marys at Benelux.
Hey Alli, will give the winner a solid call out from stage and point you out in the crowd at
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!
i get to tweet today cuz im not going to school :O YAY!
lol im sick tho thats y :
hey Matt, thanks for the retweet!
andy reid
Thrilled to see joining the Twitter conversation!
he likes your big boobiess ; hahahha zee i miss you!!!
On my way to Lordstown
enter maribelle anes contest you would get a free t shirt and sign by her u could get more info on youtube......
win is a win ugly or beautiful I will take it
God morning Vietnam!!
Thanks for the RT !
Are you back home now after your trip?
Can't wait to read your articles.
Come visit any time in Colorado :
No worries Connor, did the videos help?
odd that it used to be up to owner to claim now it's up to info users to find them.
I envy you.
You love to learn.
It seems I only love having learned anymore.
Have you ever heard of systems science?
everytime I see a colossal bug on FB, I think write crap code and professort on the backs of suckers, er, users
we need proof!
Is feeling the pain inflicted by his personal trainer at 5:30 AM.
sweet!!
i'm so excited!!
awesome!
see you at the events!
:
Career Planning for Emerging MidLevel professorssionals at vam2012!
Talking about career journals!
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything.
I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes.
John Wooden
Im usually absurdly compliant, prob the only teen ever to ask for a curfew.
Our studio is about to be invaded by 20 design students.
Bring 'em on!
Dear kid whippin the grandma car, Your not at cool as you think!
3 Me
You can also disable the feature in your settings.
just watched perform in wheeling Wv awesome show!!!
Restaurant 3 s Basic Bacon Recipe  Bacon Week
Nutmeg is a cat after my own heart.
Congrats to on moving to 50th on the NBA AllTime Points List passing HOFers Isiah Thomas  Chet Walker!
I got Twihacked.
Losing weight?
Mango extract?
Not my thing.
GAIN WEIGHT!
just try and keep your chin upAB
More than I've knitted in two, so you have me beat...
CreativeCloud flash to html 5 ok cool I would output to video
maybe my name doppelgÃ¤nger ?
UGH UGH UGH UGH UGH UGH
oh, shit.
it's cinco de mayo on saturday.
well, there goes my dignity.
I act like I don't care...
It's because I really don't care.
stay focused, but not the exclusion of taking a breath and taking in your peripheral vision  that's where the magic lives!
The Navy League Dinner is tonight!
Presenting the 2nd Annual Citizens Support of Our Armed Forces Award to Jonathan Green, w/ 620 WTMJ radio
I would master it, but I'll get to it later
Back n it to win it
best believe it!
I'll see you there?
m good
Seeing them tomorrow at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee.
So excited!
Can it be Wednesday already?
That way I don't have to stress about the AP anymore,,
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 53
lies the greatest
my phone died :c lmao.
Sergio is probably freaking out.
Why didn't you guys make the Smokeout Conversations shirt better?
Going fishing!!
is it an intentional sideeffect that I read I make the www fun in my head using the Strongbad voice?
yeah i knew it.
Meany
ICantDateSomeoneThat is bisexual nothing against em I just cant deal wit a woman that likes every damn person they see!!!
I just landed in Denver, will u be tweeting from Africa ?
yea, now.
waiting ;
I need a Dj from the Gulf Coast to hit me up!!
you good?
Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there!...WITH A BOTTLE OF TEQUILA!!
Crap, didn't work.
FounderShowcase states Romney seems a better executor of ideas than Obama
Happy Christmas to you, too.
:
If you need some awesome textures, check out Very useful for infographics and
Me, Sam Mounier, because I end every one of my showers by thanking The Academy.
Anyone using Google and Chrome, I highly recommend using Start Google Plus.
It let's you manage your fb, twitter, and g all from Google.
March Madness is in full effect at Big Wangs Hollywood.
Join us!
Sure  just did.
Celebrating closing out 2010  wishing everyone an even BETTER 2011 and a Happy New Year!!!
Parrothead party palm harbor June 4, treasure island yacht club concerts, acoustic alchemy largo ccJune fun
easier said then done :
No negative energy.
New house, new dog, new school year...
Happy Mother's day to all of the women who mother...you're vital to the world.
We appreciate you!
Use Twitter to tweet your location and your status: injured trapped readytohelp I've rigged up a doctorpal site for aggregating
I couldn't risk the possibility of another heir...
No, I get you, believe me.
VIP Floor seats to Home Opener next season?
Yes Please.....Fingers Crossed
lol getting nana mad is hilarious 
lol it's ridiculous
YouCuteAndAllBut your voice is about as squeaky as a mouse.
This mostly sums me up: Ability is a poor man wealth.
Working on a client website  Anyone aware of a pregnancy duedate calculator widget?
Small client project, but would love birthing tips!
Day 1 of Post Production for TheTownThatDisneyBuilt the film I'm directing about CelebrationFL and the history of the Disney area.
Passed electric and plumbing inspection today so kitchen is officially signed off.
Still needs some finish work but that will come.
Probably never realized that the icon is a floppy.
Once everything is popping I'm taking my ass back to college..I still want a business degree
Stay Prayered Up
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
I might be moving back to NC, im sad and glad at the same time i have more friends here than NC But i have my Best friend in NC.....
: :
Lovely busy evening!
Apps with and petuniapicklebottom, cocktails with , and dinner with
: Taurus does not care that people think they are weird.
haha, I embrace my weirdness!
:
She does, but what sucks is that she hates your gf/songwriter...
Give up position in the post for possession of the basketball
This game show at Tekko has me crying for
Sad to miss builtheritage chat heritage  books, my 2 loves but my excuse seems somehow fitting I'll be at Walt Whitman's birthplace!
Tony Luca kicked ass!!!
RT : logan12 Susanne Reber of NPR says she gets more pushback on investigative work than any other place.
Sponsors push back.
thanks for that great video about commercial casting!
:
So is Speculative Realism actually the game 'Animal, Vegetable or Mineral'?
;
zergrush on Google is pretty awesome.
awesome!
When?
How are things?
Long list of things to be cleared for use in films, right down to tattoos
On behalf of my hard earned cash, I would like to bid adieu to as I relocate to a credit union.
thanks,just leave them in my bag?
When does someone's attitude to change go from curious to suspicious?
dhh at
is he single?
that's you guys
...Last time I was there Brooklyn Bridge Park had just opened but was still under construction.
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you.
Can't wait to get my half sleeve colored in!!
oh well its fine and thats fun
Heading to CAMEX ...
check us out in booth 2521!
Finally, the big boys get prosecuted for the trading shenanigans that have been goin on for years!
Take that RBC ha!
I'm so damn hungry.
I used to be the first lunch at school now I'm the last today.
I wonder if they read his political  social leanings via his newsletters.
Lie long enough  it will become the truth.
doesn't follow us on here : but he follows me on my personal :'D 3
Good day.
Good day.
: she's out of her mind!
needsalife needsahaircut she hates mee lol
oh thats cool
I think beliebers should be in Justin's music videos.
Not models.
I mean we are way more sexier.
If someone talks twit on twitter, does that make him/her a twittalker or a tweettalker?
WomensHealth: Protect your skin.
Slather one full ounce of sunscreen all over your bod to guard against both UVA  UVB rays.
Its nice to see the Hornets steal game 1 against the Lakers in LA
Omg my body is so sore from my workout
Odd Future came from the bottom, and it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em.
is rocking facebook today!
I give her a perfect 10.
And a gold star.
And a fluffalump but not a weasel.
T3: I think the only moral obligation for a provider is to provide the best care possible.
That's it.
good job Catalyst I live in Houston and went to seminary with your dad:
BIli I did not get a call from you.
I would have answered on the first ring.
Darn, missed it!
Counseling and therapy adds are running deep in the pittsburgh newspapers.
Have fun!
I used to intern for the show; everyone there is a sweetheart.
boys are only good for one thing,  Fill in the rest of the sentence, please
Money grows on the tree of persistence
sweet!
I'll be heading down there tomorrow morning.
When's your video screening?
Hope I get a chance to see it again!
Suggests that we keep in mind that learning alternative discourses is crucial to bridging gaps
apparently so!
your just soo adorable:
Yep, Theon is definitely no Ned.
And he doesn't have Ice to help him.
That death took some work.
: So fed up with men....were not all bad.
First it was the really expensive car repair, now it's Word not saving any of my transcription work.
I am not having a good weekend.
It's a pirate's life!
Pirates of the Caribbean themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on productionvault!
Arrrrrr!
I'm glad you enjoyed my city.
I wish the onyx didn't have that stupid age limit smh
Really thinking about grabbing Eastern Washington in this CBB night cap.

Committee on Human Services votes 40 to approve the report and the resolution granting subpoena power.
New Mexico: Love to hear your thoughts on Deshon Marman covering national and international headlines.
Received my beloved Theratee, signed and numbered!
Do I open the package to wear it or is it a collectible?
Dilemma!
thanks a bunch!
Wish out worst nightmares weren't coming true.
Love it!
RT : Rules of Chocolate Easter Eggs: If you get melted chocolate all over your hands, you're eating it too slowly.
lol HaHaHa I know you mad !
blame bliemia for calling 2 Timeouts in the 3rd they could really use those right now
I NEED MONEY FOR MORE TATTOOS.
No I will follow her.
Sunglasses do keep you from aging.
Did you read something I wrote?
WeWontWork if you think your friends have the answer to all of our relationship problems.
It's only suppose to be 2 of us, not 3 or more
Ah, everyone has a cousin like that ;
A little bit of everywhere lol what about you?
hopefully soon
Party on!
From LA to Guantanamo Bay.
Living fancy!
Im excited about our fundoctoriser for Maddy Schwartz.
She Deserves everythin
what gauge is the ring?
Sometimes the smaller sizes are more challenging but they are very easy to put in...Thanks 
Didn't know there are only 2 PPs in WI.
Tragedy providing healthcare access to low income women is sorely needed.
here's what I take from that...MLB is outsourcing this job to a lab in Canada!
And Quebec of all places!
Shame!
aw thanks you too 
SomeTimesIWonder how it feels to be a tweep!!!!!!!
So is anyone going to Greentopia Festival ?
I am going to check out this amazing Festival today!
Let us know what you think....
So much to celebrate about.
So much to worry about.
yeppers!
And I'm glad that he is now in my state xD but I live in North Florida..
:
RT : There are 923 words in the English language that break the i before e rule.
Only 44 words actually follow that rule.
Thanks for the RTs!
:
Bring with you tomorrow!
I think it was meant magnanimously / but giving gum / to a starving bum / seems a little cruel to me
Just the schedule I work.
We know what to expect.
They're fast and strong and play an open style  Andoctorw Lindsey
great to meet u!
hope u left w a new Porsche.
talk soon!
finally!
fuck this family, how in the fuck are you gonna accuse me of shit you all know i didn't do.
FUCK YOU
It was tweeted a little while ago.
Very classy move on his part.
following!
: Always down to support !
canigetaRT for a Forever Faithful???
Who is ready for some football!
Are you attending a Halloween party this weekend?
What are you doctorssing as?
I'm always right even when I'm wrong.
A lot of fellows nowadays have a B.A., M.D., or Ph.D.
Unfortunately, they don't have a J.O.B.
great song
gonna be another crazy flyers game...
I'll just watch it from work...
they better have the game on or I'll kill them.
Hey everyone, go check out our bands site www.3sgiants.com, and check out our page on Facebook Third Stream Giants!
Our CD coming soon!
:
no problem Hun!
haha i have to pick clara up.
Doesnt grandpa pick u up?
These charge calls are getting ridiculous
50 years ago today, Bob Dylan released his first album, Bob Dylan
sorry if that confused you guys, I suck.
Haha.
The key to life is to become skillful enough to do rewarding things in life  Jim Rohn
I complain too much.
I need to stop
joe mama
I wish our country was as passionate about art as they are about celebrities and football...boo.
Why not doctorss like a lunatic?
It's newyork after all...

Thanlks' : happy mothers day :
Take it to the Head
thebloggess ....cheaper than therapy!
Keep on.
LRT Life is short so live a little .
.
Thursday, per usual: Wing Nites at Coney, Ironwood and Culpeppers.
Bodacious B plays the Brown, DJs at Coney and Boomies...
doctorgons are a wonderful creature.
Hmm sorry i have no idea when it is i know her new movie the last song is coming out april 3rd
Couldn't find my old shirt so i'm making a doctorss instead ..
have not found a place yet...
Your Swagg Is On Point  You Keep Me Coming RIGHT Back .
I know, right?
All wknd I tho't this time last week we were ...
so fun!
And I'll come when u say I can!
xo
Attorney General J.B.
Van Hollen says recall petitions targeting Scott Walker should be made public.
Nice to see you!
aw thanks Matt!
Sounds like a college breakfast to me.
Do you have the disease to please??
Chillen back enjoying life eating and sleeping is my day today
6 more hours, oh my gosshh
GOOD MORNING TWEETS!
STILL SLEEPY...
IT'S TIME FOR BREAKFAST.
Ready for the holidays?
lol ijs b nice either way don't wish or hope bad stuff u blunt just like me tho lmao
Wasnt gunna give up on oomf but I changed my mind..
Fuck it
Twitter is no longer serving me well.
Someone give me a good reason to keep it.
Follow him show him some luv he works at the happiest place on eart 
positive thoughts with positive energy makes things come true
of course!
Tonight go check out Club Pleasures over in West Hollywood hope to see you all there hugs :
R.I.P Joe Paterno
Now watching hilarious
Which is Exactly why I want you sleeping in your own bed when you watch my dogs :
Al Horford said he will reevaluate how he feels tomorrow, but didn't say he's a definite for Game 4.
Some youth think they'll be lame if they get a job cuz they dont want to work 4 the gov Who do you think put the doctorgs there you're selling?
Media Screening of Colombiana tonight
Time to turn the clocks back.
Hope I can remember what I did for the past hour, for continuity, since I'll need to repeat it.
Free 12 oz coffee or cold brew until 9am if you are biking to work!
raw10 They said Gangsta Rap n Heavy Metal music causes Violence.
If thatz the case, what was Charles Manson listening to?
Elvis
until you fall in love..
With your car.
Hell yes.
: I'm reminded of a good friend's screen saver in college: Oh God not another learning experience.
You land there, you get it.
Time to leave for baseball
Browns doctorft crew and front office get fucked again!!!!, way to go dumbass's.
Great give away more picks why dont ya.
Hellboy is one of the worst movies ever made.
JUST BOUGHT MY TICKETS IM FLIPPING OUT.
ALDKDKCSNSJSHS
maybe I may need to discuss everything with you before I go to class.
Nekoosa look s bad, Bloomer that good, or both?
kinda reminding me of Cool Morning.:
thanks for pointing me toward the garbage can
Full day of volunteer training!
WordShop will provide creative  academic writing opportunities for students.
Thanks for the love  I could use it today!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day, 3
BoyFriend mt loco o clip
I still have feelings for you; not enough to want you back, but enough to make me hurt...
Can I please be doctorving a tractor and playing doctorms like Levon Helm when I'm 71?

good morning texts from him 
aha sorry I shouldve done really  nah I'm not :
Yep, with Brady, Brees, Manning, Newton, Rodgers, Roethlisberger and Stafford to go
I need to get down to that casino.
Play the slots, grab something to eat, I wonder if my sister wants to go with me.
It's all in the game, right?
Throwing in the series finale of
Sunday morning with the family!
Who in the what is this is?
iPad 3 now in stock in Millersville.
1866MACMEDICS
I'm glad to do so.
Thanks for following
Anti Fracking meeting here tonight in Parkman Ohio over concerns for the Grand River, supplies fresh water for most of NE Ohio
Happy mothers day mommy.
I love you.
Thank you for putting up with me and all the crazy shit I do.
I'm about to throw up, they're talking about the details of birth.
Them robbers took my peace of mind....
Great article, D!
Thanks for passing it on.
The Chatty Cathys are the worst: they tend to brag at the same time.
Sheesh!
I'll b there tomorrow to give you a hug :
I want a dog, a big one not some ankle bitter.
awe that's awesome!
I want to meet her so bad!
Hope I can go to a show one will be fairy close where I live!
Ugh take me home.
Honored to be speaking on a panel w/  Judith Matloff on international reporting, violence  trauma at 3:45pm today at
is it today lady gaga birthday?
..
YourNotCoolIf you wear Tom's
yum.
My mouth is watering at LAX.
Baltimore's childoctorn  the true jewels of our city.
volume knob, twist it right,gotta get yo sound up,gotta job,listen up, hustle get yo pounds up,u will neva c me doin anything a clown does
What topic are you adding to the Affinity groups board?
SO JEALOUS!!
...and we're walking!
Thanks for the inspiring message.
We are having a blast!
We love it!
Waiting at school, there's like no one here.
Appalachian Granny is baking Graham Cracker Pies fresh at Acme!
Order one today!
6147322803
I always have to stop myself from tweeting sexual 'birthday cake' lyrics when I listen to the song
Straight off the boat!!!
Hope you'll do a post about those great BOF public sector site questions.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitter Fam :
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:D
Sad day.
Macho Man Randy Savage died.
Taxes r not destroying middle class.
Trade law enforcement on China is the culprit.
Quit blamin successful people  small business owners.
Chen the voice....I luv the show!
oh shnap!
hometown sounds is the hotness.
Hey!
Ali would love to chat with you about a show i am casting!
How do I email you?
Finally got a share of Packers stock for my son's first Christmas.
Hope he likes it as much as I did when I got mine 15 years ago.
We dont wanna never end ..!
because I can!!!
Okay?
So shut up and let me talk shit !
Hah!
hanging w/ my chicas in about a hour
24 little hours.
I won a Guns n' Roses one.
Can I just like acidwash, backyard clutter, and rusty 80s muscle cars?
always welcome to come use mine bro
lol I've always liked mustangs :p and don't be a hater!
I just love playing music.
I'm not a really complicated guy.

yeah i got my weave ripped out but i still beat her ass !
L M F A O .
what is air right now omg i cant.
3:30 PM today  SHRM meeting  2 WHOLE STRATEGIC CREDITS!
Rarer than hen's teeth.
That's why I started HRTrainingPortal.com!
I think what I love most about you other than your laugh is your sense of humor.: I love you3
Jaco Pastorius in Grand Cru North Baltimore lacrosse dads like fretless bass, apparently.
you're making my head ache with all you're tweets...
Retweet if you HATE the youtube 5 second commistercials.
already following :p follow bak :
There is a bottleneck at their booth.
Very popular.
RT : Just left the HP booth, WOW!
Those who can...
Do.
Those who can't...
talk about those who Do!
Don't just live today, be GREAT everyday!!
RT
What's Wango Tango ?
Food was great  everything done perfectly.
I had the blackened catfish.
What?
What is THAT??
Who does that?
Rude!
al done.
: it's creepy as fuck to retweet that...
I don't even know you?
Need an era on Mario's.
Gotta let me know if the meatballs are still the best in town
Woah!
You don't wanna be That Guy!
psychological fact!
when someone appears in your doctorams, it's because that person misses you/ thought about you before they fell to sleep
730 finals are cruel and unusual punishment.
get Timmy a lawyer cuz tonight he killed it
it would look better that way instead of the slide down version now
Facebook and politics go together like John Edwards and politics.
love Willa Ford!
I wanna be bad was my Shit!
Hold Thats Thought..
THE NAME IS LONDYN!
Occasional Pot smoking new study shows does no harm to lungs.
Bad news is all the late night junk food eating causes heart disease.
thanks !
Mother's Day here in New York, spending the day with my family
Going to see and tonight !
My phone is doing some stupid stuff.
.
lol.
Yea go do that ASAP!
mine is good just alot going on
because I get to see all the wonderful people at Shaler
it's all in da poop
Wet Ultra Lounge tonight with Power 102.
For reservations call Sarah 9154492066
Haha Thanks: I Made It!!
And I Love Too!
sure :D
Now I'm home and my emotions can finally let loose.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
hell yeah!3:
indeed dear sister.
Happy Winter Solstice!
Nigga see you in the street, pretend to be friendly/But I know any type of success breeds envy
Caesar salad and tortilla soup all day everyday.m.
You'll need to purchase 15 to get a free one..
Well you know my motto on that.
Lol RT either way I would do whatever I wanted.
Das Rheingold at the metropolitan opera
A4: This happened to me.
Everything was fairly equal  I seriously chose based on commute alone.
It worked out, cuz I'm happy.
They're big, they're long, they bang you  Hubie Brown, talking about...porn?
No one should be surprised Spurs  OKC ran their opponents off the floor because they had ACTUAL REST.
Would love to hear more about what parts of your life would work with Budge.
UGH Me too!
Stupid Amazon STILL had not shipped mine!
IDK how the hell I'm supposed to get it by Tuesday...
Am I the only one in this crowd who has actually had a conversation with her?
Let's elect some more, then!
RT : Senate approves ExIm Bank 7820.
Senate has just 20 opponents of corporate welfare.
Absoutly PRG!!
Look forward to getting to know you more!
I was being lame come get me plz lol
Just wait until you guys see what the Mountain Xpress has cooking for the Big Love Fest!
starwarsday!
Whaaa!
And Saturday is free comic book day!
Best week ever!
If you are at the game, please go over and strangle Tommy Edwards for me.
Welp, saw the sales number from the after party at and all I can say is Im glad it wasn't on my tab.
Rocking out at The Blue Room in Canton TX!!!
Two days ago it was 40 and icelike pellets were raining from the sky.
Today?
80.
Happy birthday, Lindy!
I hope you had a great day!
RT NOAA announces complete closure of commercial Chinook salmon fishing season in ocean from Cape Falcon, OR to the US/Mexico border.
my day was coo, cant complain.
watchu up to now
Now at I may 'like' you but I'm not in 'like' with you.
sounds like LA..
especially music people in LA !!!
You know who you are?
:
Ba Ba Ba, Ba Ba na na

i'm contemplating on taking a loss for the services i already paid for at NLH and switching back to rigrag :
these collaborative tools are becoming more prevalent, not sure about young vs.
midcareer academics or in what fields.
we don't publicize collections  other repositories, but we will point researchers to them if relevant.
Why doesn't my doctor have any magazines?
This is the last time I'm coming 15 minutes early like they ask me to.
because you started ignoring my texts, honey!
we may wanna use your services.
I'm running a small business called and we need stickers for promo.
Let me know if you have any questions, perhaps I can help?
Twitter FREEDOM OF SPEECH BABY 3
sounds like rock and roll
audience stuffed with Gingrich Fans?
Don't forget that unlike your LA pool parties, the only place in Rochester you don't have to wear clothes is Rick's Tally Ho.
RT : Don't settle for someone that's going to disrespect you.
Welcome new friends:
what kinda gs cookies?
The bears pick who?
Keep me posted
I got a crazy movie NINE DEAD!!
Tpot did you watch it YET???
Time for some Churchs Chicken.
God Bless.
i got tyler fever lol but with this fever i dont wanna be healed
Hulu.com links still don't work on Andoctorid phones...that's embarassing.
At the movies 2 see Think Like a Man w/some1 I'm seeing....shld be interesting, since I'm not w/my girls.
LOL
LOVE IT!
Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!
The number 8 has so much significance behind it.
It symbolizes rebirth ,regeneration , and renewal.
This is what our movement is about
I feel u
So much for being peaceful...
Summer is here Seattle!
Hope you all had a gr8 holiday.
I went 2 Cannon Beach.
Come by  enjoy breakfast or lunch paninis  coffee a fresca

Thanks for the RT dolls!
You know you guys ROCK!
thanks for my wedding well wishes!
Yayy!
Xox
I'm not a promoter, I just like karaoke!!!
Tonight 7ultralounge 82Am FREE laughs ALL NIGHT!
Unleash ur inner
I just want to turn over, but my charger won't reach that far!
You're really funny bro!
Just wanted you to know, every time i read your tweets I laugh my ass off!
lol
ask the creations of my mother :
you kno the new girl in front of you?
at first i was likeuwhh, she cute.o;  then she stood up...shes a stick with clothes
: My closet looks like a lululemon store and your bank account?!
Lol
today kinda sucks cause I'm so tired
Its an invasion tonight
Xo Beniam RT : : so you agree with gay marriage?
you don't?!
MW2012 tweets coming in fast!
Brain exploding.
Thanks to everyone for sharing such great info.
:
I'm supposed to bug you about camping sometime in early may.
prods with stick
I'm sorry, my keypad was feeling a little flirtatious today
I never understood women who don't mind be a side chick like where is your pride selfesteem self respect smh some women are pathetic lol
hey  possibly.
What night?
Pulled an allnighter and woke up at 10 ...
That's how party freaks do it!!
xD
There's a better one that I am still searching for.
This one's a 7 and the other ones a 10.
David Ash throws a high, but catchable ball on 3rd down, right through the hands of Mike Davis.
Punt.
UT yet to cross 50.
Well nice to meet you Debbie.
You prove one thing...that there are lots more good looking conservatives than libs, ha
Good morning Hollywood!
Please let good luck come my way today!!!
San Francisco has come through for me, as it always does!
RT : But you can get it through our Link system with your SFPL card!
I can actually say that I'm going to bed with a smile on my face.
:
Stone cold.
RT Another ship saw the Titanic sinking but didnt make an effort since the ships captainin was soundly asleep.
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
Mark Twain.
Have you complimented your players today?
Your fellow coaches?
Everybody knows you have to look at a guy's feet to tell!
woop michele finally followed me.
:' 
This might be the best year in movies since ...
As long as I can remember
hope i pass my history quiz tomorrow :
Oh...
Thanks for the correction.
In the case of Australia, they allowed SWG to be sold there I'm not sure why swtor is a no go.
He will follow u one day!
NEVER SAY NEVER!
Watching old episodes of the secret life
Glad it took maybe a week and a day for my iPod nano 1st gen to get to the repair place.
Better mean I'll get my fancy new nano in a week :
Use gridworks a lot?
Plz blog and tell us how and why.
E.g., if you have to make your data public first, would you still use it?
Remember to tell your friends that they are perfect just the way they are.
The turnout this weekend was GREAT!
Spring Break is in full swing  hope all you crazy kids are being safe...and going crazy  OKC style!
Marinated this chicken for 4 days...
Cracked open a doctorfter ipa and started the grill :
: Ladies: A man who has options will not stay faithful in a long distance relationship!
ConflictOfInterest
The weekend is so far away, can't wait for Tribeca Film Fest and Lot's of popcorn!
This fucking guy is crazy!
doctorams are not easy to reach, you must work for it, struggle for it, and don't be afraid to get up when you fall.
When i watched that video of it was so inspiring and made me cry it was overwhelming to see those kids so happy:
Did you Move to Miami??:
: My2yearsofhighschool i found out who was really there for me..
and to trust no one..
true.
:/
Be a rainbow in someone elses cloud.
CIVICS LESSON Here's the thing about rights.
They're not supposed to be voted on.
That's why they call them rights.
Is encoding sexy again?
No and that assumes that it ever was sexy.
I Love bunches!!!!NO MATTER WHAT!!!!3
Frohes Neu Jahr!
Happy new year!
Looking forward to 2012 for sure
but you can't go wrong when it's righteous!
Sunk costs are the reason shitty movie sequels get made.
Interestingly, also the cause of heart burn.
Can't let that go to waste!
There's an order to the universe: space, time, Chuck Norris...
Just kidding.
Chuck Norris is first.
just emailed you but it bounced back.
?
Deal of the Month!
Buy 1 Subway 6 inch b4 9am  get a 2nd 6 in free!
Month of April Get 1 4 brkfast save the other 4 lunch!
RT : What doctorins your spirit doctorins your body.
What fuels your spirit fuels your body.
Caroline Myss
Make sure to like on Facebook!
They are giving away a cake pop basket to one lucky FB fan once they reach 250!
Yeah!
Free trip to Italy and I have been asked to give a talk at my first ever international HIV conference!
Can't wait for unique los angeles!
But what happened to Dallas Blocker?
He had that one jammy called Rock Ya Body ...man say, that was tha shit.
I've decided that I'm afraid of your patrons.
this is the best weekend of my life :
good luck to you all!
Have fun, MKE can't ask for better youth representation!
Why do people from my school have twitters..
Like no you're all idiots gtfo only I can because I'm perfect
you had?
Then what happened?
No longer there?
Tell these kids to learn an instrument and all their problems will take care of themselves.
You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
Arthur Ashe
I have no past.
I have the possibility to live my life over again...
thanks...lunch or hh soon?
Baccalaureate, listening to fellow students give prayers of thanks in Tibetan, English, Sanskrit, Arabic, and Hebrew.
We are IU.
Being single  less doctorma, but lonely.
Being in a relationship  chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved.
The choice is yours.
The La Quinta Inn by show on Saturday is sold out.
I suspect Mike booked all of the rooms on the first floor.
Just finished waychin a good movie wit fam thelovelybones Next is movie
I swear black people don't know how to act while playin ball.
you're a hosting magician.
I don't know how she does itstarring Sarah Jessica Parker, Greg Kinnear, and Marina Michelson.
massive headache!
Fuck.
Me.
Hard.
it only hurts when we pretend it doesn't.
if you got the groupon deal for two people i know of someone who would happily split the price with you!
I'm dying to get to a zoo one of these days.
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to reading some of your tweets :
Headed to get some legit Texas BBQ today.
Done with the fine dining, real fatkid time.
Oh yup??
A real man's love comes from his heart.
and ur not?
Any recommendations for workout apps on iPhone?
I'd like something with a tracker
Just get on with it already Thursday.
Can't wait to see what tomorrow holds.
I kno better hook me up wit dem friends
It's been a long day of gardening, home improvement projects and cooking special meals.
Am mixing algicide instead of G  T.
Xp
Trying to do some MCN2012 proposal outreach  the site is down for me :   anyone else?
hoping to swing an 2010 Winter Olympic date for our production!!!!
Where's the ball bouncing today
100 utilizationall my slots booked AND all my patients came.
Can be really elusive in outpatient nonprivate practice setting!
I picture Vinny as the trouble maker at the retirement center.
Lol
Starting to see why the Ducks recruited Pryor so heavily.
: have fun today/night!
you make me blush!
You da you da best
I was sorry to leave in the middle but an iPhone can only hold my daughter so long.
You'll forgive me, I know.
There is still hope!
If the Hawks play like they did yesterday, they might have a chance.
Thunder can stay with the Heat!
Group projects, papers and job applications..
Yeah, it's definitely the end of the semester
Sorry POST GAME..
In other news, if you try to find legitimacy in the concept of YOLO, you are a fucking idiot.
Thankyou!
Great tip!
Appreciate the explanation!
is back to school...let the fun times roll!
awww, just saw this!
You two are adorable!
Woot!
Have a safe trip!
I'm too tired to even consider payback options..
But that would've been hilarious and I'll keep it in mind for next time
I had one today.
Not sure I care why, just that you are out...
RT : I've never understood why people put personal...
: GUYS: a simple I love you I miss you you're beautiful text can make your girl SMILE :
FYI a girl with naturally big tits never sleeps on her back and always needs a firm mattress, not an urban legend.
I think with all the social media this series is even crazier.
Key for the Pens and their fans is to ignore the talk and control emotions.
there is down here in the chicago burbs.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you at this year's DiplomaticBall  sending you the Save the Date tomorrow.
you know that's right
From Sat, the good old days of MKE Bball RT waukee: Forty years ago, were the best in the basketball world...
was thinking about what makes one successful.
how do you tell?
feedback from others?
no.
it's gotta be internal.
lil wayne coming up with a new sneaker line?
damn..i hate this niggas music so much..can't imagine what them shoes gonna look like..
Of course it would take a ute to pull off arguably the greatest fourth quarter performance in nfl history.
we hittin the courts soon or what??
agree!
Need more residency training slots for graduating medical students/new doctors
My psychology final exam is now a take home test !!!!
Thank the good Lord :
Thanks, that app, manageflitter is pretty nice
cat nap
Harley's is Milwaukee on Oakland has nice suits.
Happy Birthday Judd.
I look forward to making YOU laugh
Aye!!
DJ in this muthafucka!!
Back from Williston ND.
just got back to Austin Tx.
today, damn was I sleepy.
Hold me on a cold day...
just Lyme disease.
NBD
Some Chinese food would be so good right about now!!!
yea Woodoctorw got hit hard!
Mine and everyones windows down the street are all busted.
I was almost afraid to look.
Wesley Crusher's dice bag could be any number of things.
And...
impacted the verb  ThePitch makes me think of you so much!
Also ;

very helpful advice in an excellent talk today.
Many thanks!
What's YOUR favorite social media site and why?
That's so STUPID.
I feel like i'm more mature than alot of adults.
not at all!!
Let that fan flag fly!
They're your team.
just had a thought...this Alumni game on Saturday, do you have to be a FOOTBALL alum or just a TOWSON Alum to partake?
'Stats Are Blind' was my jam once upon a time LOL!
Can't wait for her upcoming stuff.
Nothin to do...
So headed to the Black...
Keep the bullshit at home!!
Interesting that Hoppin sd that a px w reviewers is that they don't know the older lit...Just because its old doesnt make it less relevant
what's the topic for ABAchat tonight?
The airlift will never work chaos too many people no place to land go back
I love hugs.
Who doesn't?!
We need a star player on the perimeter that can take over a game along with ZBO/Marc in the paint.
lol you got it you twitter thug!!
Thanks for sharing
what's the web addoctorss?
Awhh.
Is that his name?
Is he like, a pit bull?
Walking with neighbors and friends for the   and against violence and fear
I Play Old Songs Still Like They New...
Thanks for following..
I'll try to keep my posts fun!
:
I am hanging out near the AAM bookstore until 5 if anyone wants to visit :
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked :  are you Chinese?
congrats on the PS Team Online!
Great day
I wonder if girls shake the gas pump after filling it up or is that just a guy thing?
I might be sick but you best believe I'm crispy on the sides
Youth Court in session this Saturday!

No sex since March...
Must be stressful.
Maybe I can help :D
same its been a minute mam how you been
i wish aint have to make my mama worry Nomo
Watching a video presentation of Seau's beginnings in Oceanside.
Hey I hear you like older girls.
I'm not trying to brag or anything, but I'm a month older than you;
I'm not surprised!
Question for tucon attendees: can ActiveMatrix BPM easily expose processes as Web Services for integration with external systems?
Finally picked up the whip yesterday
cbs 58 is airing a ride along with local us marshals cracking down on fugitives right now, this should be some good tv!
m I miss your soft lips too, don't get me started!
June 25 is the next Foodportunity, Save the date!
Catching up on madmen .
Roger Sterling on LSD is brilliant.
of course we can :D
love u hi babe.
Star Trek Insurrection Hot Sauce JUST A TIP FOR TREK MERCHANDIZING!
YOU THINK THAT SHIP SAILED?
TAKE AN EFFIN CUE FROM LUCAS, PARAMOUNT!
Couldn't think of a better day for a baseball game
Fun FF Always so nice to see youappreciate you thinking of me!
:D text me!
My numbers on facebook.
you teach us something new everyday.
thank you cher.
Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting.
Edmund Burke
Um I TOTALLY DO.
RT i envy and salute people who makes healthy living part of their lives!
exercise and balance diet  woah so hard!
Absolutely !
We'll def check out while we're in Nantucket.
Keep up the great work!
LEXIPHILEodDay: 'I am presently employed', said the gift wrapper...
Congrats to the Packers for winning the Superbowl.
The phillyhunt clue for this week comes tomorrow, more great prizes in store.
Oh snap, IBL Toolkit beta is out!
High five
we can make this happen.
Gah I such a sucker for the ending of Beauty and the Beast.
At Mayoral Forum at Newseum, Gray Chair, Lorraine Green, Fenty Chair, Bill Lightfoot sitting together
I assume they did dont remember that much though so I have to wait  see the police report : /
hey is 107.5 gonna be givin' away tickets for her Aug.
show at the Wells Theatre?
Hey firstname, its Omer.
Its a HUGE Party Wknd!
Who knows the new menu item being introduced on January 10?!
Lady Gaga's Grammy doctorss is sick!
J'adore.
really?!
how good are they?!
I think I prefer epsteineffect : teamepstein
I miss you more gorgeous!
yes I'll be there: no!
I miss your beautiful face :!
Hope to see you Saturday :!
RT if you're going to Warped Tour in Houston to see tomorrow .
is the plan for ultimate hanger done?
Its been two hours  and time is ticking.
In so much pain that Im shaking and crying.
I so wont be online for days because of that
Wow!
Child w/autism at 6mos prefer a nonlang freq sound over motherese talk of preference correlates to degree of autism
do my fucking dishes.
Without your daily vlogs i wont have something to random laugh at while im srubbing plates and blows.
Within a span of 24 hours, had several appts cancel....but the fact that I may be involved in a new project makes up for it.
In spades.
Doctors have recognized the link between pH imbalance and disease since the early twentieth century.
Haha well Whiteman Airport is very close!
Top100Lies I care about you!
Only in New Orleans.
I just seen a Yellow School Bus on the road and it's almost 10PM
Im tired all the time now!!!!!!!
this may be a deal
my life is almost complete i just need advice :P
hahahha yes this weekend needs to end like right now .
lol
At the hospital with one of my seniors.
She says you are so good to me.
priceless I tell you priceless
Well I thank you for that LOL
hash tag free
Hi Dolls.
Totally sick!
I can barely lift my head.
No cocktail lounge today : talk to you soon.
TOMORROW  TWITTER THURSDAYS  SILVER WERE GIVING AWAY A FREE PAIR OF TIX 2 C JAY Z  50CENT CORONAS N WELLS TILL 12AM SO TELL ALL UR FRIEND
I hate Frank Zappa.
He inspired a generation of bands that sound like shit.
i haven't heard it but i'll let you know when i do
I don't think I'm going to sleep tonight, I'll just wait for the car ride
At the mall :D
Theirs A god!
so...figured we should get on here finally...to tweet or not to tweet...hm
Who would win in a fight: John Donne or Geoffrey Chaucer?
'Why do you look for the living among the dead?
He is not here; he has risen!' Luke 24:56
Going home and finding out my mom ordered chinese food 
If it wasn't for my shyness, I could of accomplished so much shit.
just text me
Horns win!
Horns win!
I'm your first follower!!:
I'm pretty sure it's 1994 in my car this afternoon
I'm sorry for the mistakes that I made ...
But now it's too late :/
ITS GOOD HUN...YOU KNOW WE HAD SOME WORDS WITH JUNIOR OLD BITCH LOL I WAS FENA TAP DAT ASS
morning water bike exercise classes have begun.
email or call 5625462493 for more info!
Try creaclip.com for cutting your own bangs and layers.
Then let me know; too scared to try it myself.
But you are brave!
lmao me too preston.
That's just what parents think they gotta say so they feel like they're doin their job...
the iPhone is Awesome!
:
Round 1 French elections are over.
No huge surprises, except Sarkozy only lost to Hollande by a few points.
Sadly, crazy LePen 3rd w 20!
thx...just tuned in MT : not an athlete but the on women  running is fascinating.
Watch now on
: RT : Damn they bout to shoot us out the gym!
i need to make some money!
you'd need a sidekick like Lauer.
I volunteer!
I gotta take it on the other side
lol how was archie
Blue pill shit.
is that right!
I'm not tripping!
Thanks so much for the RT!
Umm i dont think so, but Im evan and my bands name is In audika!
:
Brewers were 1212 at this point last year, 1420 on May 8, and went on to set the franchise record for wins.
Which hip hop show was better: Rap City or Yo!
MTV Raps?
in eight hours
let me know!
I have a great hookup here intown!
Are you around for Easter?
I still have a bobblehead for you, but you never answer me...
do I care ?
Ooohkay!
I know what I want for my birthday the winning lottery ticket for tonight's Mega Millions.
Not too much to ask, right?
lol
Wish I could watch the 3rd set of the Del Potro VS Istomin tennis match but it's time to get some sleep.
I just love how my dsl consistently goes down for three hours every time it rains.
: I cried when J.cole came on stage.
like I'm not even gonna lie about it lol that's cute
RT  How in the world do the Cleveland Indians still have that logo/mascot?
What year is it?
What's POPPIN just fucking wit sum music tonite
I think I just set the land speed record on Roman Deli consumption at
Unfortunately the GS data is not normalized to article volume.
Uncertain if/how that wld change things.
Can't wait 2 c who our San Diego Chargers select in the doctorft tonight!
TGIF!
Got 1 and a half out of 20 on my math hw cuz I didn't show my work even though I got them al right..
its kin mental math.
k off
Ombrophobia Fear of rain or of being rained on
What game is it?
Thanks to for a great event this AM.
Great time had by all.
Ive got some Unfollowing to do
how many girls will it be?
When in September exactly?
afrodet is there also!
go find her and instagram!
Oh Well maybe im better off Single?
So tired !
I just want to put up a sign that says gone fishin and get the heck outta here
I miss you!
When are you leaving?
listening now.
thank u!
btw, gathering at ur house w/ me!, stephanie!, devri!
asap.
looking forward to it, tell me when!
No motivation to work on my research project....
I was trying to follow people that love art so I wrote Art Lover, behold it took me to a Twitter from Toronto where I went to school!, wow!
Looking to engage your Twitter followers?
Ask them a question.
This is a great way to get the conversation going!
I don't know if the paper was accepted?
:
like sauce on these ribs n hot link sammiches?
RT np Natalie  Goin Crazy love this song!
Follow
Those moments when you're scared of what someones going to say.
I absolutely hate UK...congrats on your national title...for now...
I CANNOT stand the freakin RAs that take their job so seriously.
A 24hr quiet hour all week starting on a Friday night?!
Good fuckin call...
Ok so every class I catch this boy looking at me!
And it's so awkward!
So today he smiles at me!
slowly turns head 
Tickets into the US Men's Soccer vs Scotland, May 26th  Everbank Field, comin' up  4:20p!
Yayyy weekend.
Ready to reunite with my Kentucky gentlemen.
We're in the new April issue!
Featuring Gotye, Lights, Vinyl Pinups, Dave Barns  more!
Retweet!
VP
Arguing with Lindita about who loves more!3 but now she realizes that I love him more...!
haha!:bieberfever!
imma be there
you better win!
Haha
Boys/Girls are like stars, there are millions of them out there, but only one can make your doctorams come true.
staying up 3 hours to do current events
Under the Bridge by RHCP never dissapoints
S/o to my new follower yall follow her
Every day is a big day...because it's your only day.
I need a partner for this week, I play at 8, you available?
Toasty Asps
you know was up..
You not ready for them kinda problems..
Welcome back to campus everyone!
Hope you are excited about the Super Bowl!
have data available on independent pharmacies?
Join and tonight at 7PM for Caps vs Flyers and MarchMadness!
5 apps n Happy Hour prices!
Hi there!
Thanks so much for the follow  hope you're enjoying the newsletter.
Thanks for sharing and all of your support.
We always appreciate it!
:
watching study for finals brightens my day.
Jeremy Kyle said he don't know whats ghetto means' lmmfaodoctorVE BY NORTH OMAHA YOU'LL KNOW
Thanks for letting us destroy your campus and put it back together.
:
iBet Officially Forgot 'Bout Me .
Missed Out On All The doctorMA O.o
Just got some real serious news from my best friend...I will stand by her through it all :
Thank god, Lindsay Lohan changed her hair back to red.
Now if only she could change her face back.
hey whats up
It isn't a series until someone wins on the road.
Congrats to Coyotes fans!
Gotta show up un Nashville.
hey there!
When is the next Encounter?
I bought TexasThunderSoul19681974 CD from a few years ago after hearing their story and music on
It took 5 pics to see all of her.
We want to thank all you artists out there for creating what you do.
You art is shaping the world of tomorrow.
Make it awesome.
haha you're just funny.
Do you have a youtube?
It's hard to beat last years location but there is a new scratch n sniff hole this year that is worth the price of admission.
RedSox met with Crawford and Werth...Curious to see which of these guys they go after hard
go on skype ill send it to you on there :
Young Homie on the radio again?
Blasting it.
omg, David Byrne.
You made my night.
Aj bombers is a joke.
Five open tables so people doctornk more.....smart but you lost my business.
Wait, Barkley says Sixers can't beat the Boston 4 times?
They should have a 20 lead coming back to Philly.
Hey Gang, I have one additional ticket available, front and center, to tomorrow.
It's yours at face value.
Get at me.
Why am I so hungover?
Because you've been doctornking for 2 days straight.
No, its been like a day total.
All my friends that are music lovers...follow
hey Brian i no we've never talked but i really need help with something
Poor Little Pancake
on cmd it's giving me the ipv4, ipv6, subnet mask and default gateway ip addoctorsses
Chillin, but Swagg on full attack
yea but before u said tht I thought thts y u wanted to talk to me in the first place
FamousLies  That was my last piece.
I give myself, sometimes, admirable advice, but I am incapable of taking it.
Hugh Douglas says the Colts desperately need a safety, and need could be addoctorssed in this doctorft.
: Can we keep your webcam if we're ustreaming?
:P
Addicted to damages
Congrats to  'm currently singing Lady In Red in my head to Kelly right now.
Tweaking my new site for me and other things.
Yes!
RT : Hey The Sheila Divine is now on Twitter too.
Friend us
i suppose delanie this is olive and olive this is delanie meet eachother delanie has been my friend for years now
Take a chance All life is a chance.
The man who goes furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Dale Carnegie
Any graphic designer out there?
I need some work done asap!
Just came from first volunteer meeting for gathering starting tomorrow!
Lots of really nice people.
This should be good!
I'm over this shit !
it's amazing
thx for the follow rec...i appreciate it!
RT  I want a beautiful woman to feed me some grapes.
Shes has to have on a Miami dolphins jersey tho.
That's what ...
great night hanging with the crew in hollywood.
Was I deinvited?
we will be having dinner at Proof this evening!
Looking forward to it!
Thanks for the recommendation!!
Great bourbon list!
thanks the solution.
I may use yr suggestion for something else I'm doing.
For this req, I think I have a simpler solution.
postcards are still an effective way of letting someone know they aren't alone in the universe.
Taking it back to the roots tonight at foothill lounge with Dj Paul X in the mix
who's your pick?
To the number one girl to make her go crazy I need you to dance with me baby...
proudtobeapennstater is rasing money for sex abuse victims.
So, we're auditioning  PNC Park today to play the NationalAnthem at a Pirates game.
Should be interesting, since we didn't rehearse it
BreakingTrivia!
Attorney/Radio Host ShenaDixonMason also claims what among her impressive accomplishments?
morning and happy Friday!!!!
City  Colour, amazing artist
Today feels like its going to be a long ass day .
I hope you enjoyed the WSJ video!
Thanks for the follow.
Good morning!!!
:D
: gracias for the bday wishes, mister.
banana!
RT : ...So all of us who have had that veil removed can see and reflect the glory of the Lord....
2 Corinthians 3:1718 nlt
Thank you to all the fans that came out and supported us last night!
My mother always called me an ugly weed, so I never was aware of anything until I was older
Let them think it lol RT : lol def not but ppl think we're weird ;
Thanks for following me!
Tune in to The Savvy Money Show every week on iTunes  www.Blogtalkradio.com
have you read the cancer one yet
coming from the kid that has freckles all over his face and twice as many pimples....
Vancouver Sun Run 2012  Natural muscle pain relief  Wildflowers ...
I like being a nerd with you:
i have to win the degrassi season 11 dvd, i will do anything 3
yeah  what am I, chopped liver?
Dammit!
Stupidly started book 2 last night and stayed up much later than I should have.
Thai is perfectly fine with me.
Guess it's a good problem to have when you need to go in the office late Sunday afternoon.
printinglotsoftshirts thanks to
love it!
Hope all goes well!
And can be in 2nd by the time the bye is over
I'm thinking iceskating!
if it's MLA that you're registering for, you win...coming to my presentation on teen programming??
I know everyone is very disappointed I'm not at Kokomo, feel free to keep me updated though 
Every time I see Kiely Williams now, all I can think of is The sex was spectacular.
flick of the wrist
We got practice in a bit, who wants to join us?
Teens are either doctornk, stoned, texting, having sex, or aslee
haha I have no idea xD
but happy early birthday to my favorite west coast twins :
tiger woods for bones again later?
Dayuum.
Austin is such a fatty ;p
wondering if there is anything like blacklight for django
I'm remaking the Twitterverse!
Today is FOLLOW THURSDAY!
follow and ME to learn about how smartenergypays!
Yes I Love you
Long but awesome day in Gainesville at ShandsUF Orthopedic Hand Therapy!
Splint making skills were on point..
We have an app for that!
SalesTouch Mobile offers crossplatform iOs/Andoctorid tablet interactive sales presentations; see us !
RT : Great presentation underway from on the vBrownBag !
Excellent visuals of security models for virtualization
Pedestrian Safety Event today beginning at Craig Road and Ferrel Street this morning.
It's packed over here at the museum.
Nothing like free days.
Doin Work Tonight!!
Any favorites from this last visit?
You picked a good weekend to be in the city.
Follow They made this tweetup possible for us!
He must have been quoting Han Solo, right?
RT if you love your Granada Hills , CA fans!!
We ALL3you and the !!
With all of our hearts!!
Literally!
Had an amazing time Thurs might.
Incredible food, beautiful space and amazing service.
damn why you gotta be so far away?
Just submitted a post on the article.
Misleading to say cohabitation is the problem.
excuse me fuck off
Got my middle finger up, I don't really give a fk
The water main is now fixed and things are getting back to normal...How boring.
The last flight of the Discovery bonded people, interrupted meetings and literally stopped traffic in DC region  where were you?
WATS GOOD ERBODY AINT BEEN ON N A MIN SO HIT ME UP N LET ME KNO SUMTHN
RT : Check out intern's tips on traveling w/ diabetes  one of today's top stories on The Travel Gazette ...
I'm a Genuinely funny guy.
No one will change that.
13 other states have passed similar legislation w/o experiencing increases in immigration
girl put the tv on!
The housewives reunion coming on
see on Saturday if you are still there
RT : Contracted an extension of The Realtors w/
RT just in case you LOVE not for his foundation, not for his performance on series...just because of him.
:
This November FIRE your Internet Provider and make the switch to 4G WiMAX provided by Clear.
Plans start  25/month.
NO CONTRACT REQUIRED!
MT how much wash monitoring information is enough?
Too much?
Have been asking the same thing.
I think it was just a 24 hour sickness...
just antibiotics and 3 days rest, sounds ok, but after one day I am bored....I have one antibiotics that cost almost 70
NTS: don't start work week with an 8:45 committee meeting.
BLECH!
Still having a hard time buying the Braun herpes excuse.
Up to 30,000 childoctorn in OH's 11th w/ preexisting health conditions can no longer be denied coverage b/c of health care reform
About to play first tournament at commerce casino.
since when do you have a roommate?
WTF?
Why are you always commenting on my stuff lol:
lol middle school memories
Thanks for the mention!!
Hello friends
I don't fuck with religion, see that's my decision
Cop turned on their sirens bc i was jaywalking.
Obviously they've never walked in DC before.
iPad smart cover
if only you were artsy!
I heard you flunked fingerprinting in preschool
RT : Lot of tweets about my appearance tomorrow.
See you in the morning
time for some soul searching...if i happen to find my abs along the way then that's just a bonus.
awful  not positive lol
Only come check us out this weekend it's going to be a epic night!
A new day, a new sun rise, a new blessing.
Check out the tea aisle at Mariano's.
They have a similar loose tea offering like Teavana!
good morning : are you gonna watch the super bowl today?
he died
May your blessings outnumber The shamistercks that grow, And may trouble avoid you Wherever you go.
Irish blessing
Rivera InjurySeau Death, in terms of coverage and emotion seems like
feel the same way if/after Israel makes an action?
Are there any contests coming up to see the American Idols Live concert in Chicago??
I want to go soo bad!
Reyes spox tells me we're going to win this one, should have statement on ad soon

RT : Wishing you all good things this weekend!//You too, Maggie!
how's that yard?
I'm so happy I don't have the alebra I eoc today.
But somehow I'm still stuck in a boring, quiet room doing math.
I don't wanna see you happier with somebody else.
It is, thank you!
Miss you too, Rog.
How about that Bernard getting engaged?
ok sounds good have a good day at work
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professorssionals.
Become my colleague
Can we get Perkins to wear a Batman mask?
It could work as a promotional item for the upcoming movie...
We have tons of listings in Boston and Dedham, let us know if we can help!
Glad to hear you're having a positive experience with them!
May I ask how your experience was in the business?
my head is freakin killing me!!!
Next to last Desire 2011 MeetNGreet chat starting on Yahoo now.
Message me if you need in!
doctorke's songs will never get old.
The Avengers is coming out this week!
Who is your favorite avenger?
We were 3 of 2000 at the Lost TV Show Finale Party at the Orpheum Theater last night.
Good fun and Michael Emerson was a guest.
I'm in CT too!
It's about time we got snow!
AC bars are the best!
Watching Cheaters the television show while bombed off my ass.
Fuck the Mets, fyi.
hahahahaha...laugh it up you two
Results for Friday is follow day!
Just switched my mail client to Opera.
Took a while to get settings juuuuussssst right, but it's really a nice crossplatform solution.
Wondering....how often are signs changed in the big leagues?
when i asked how you were, 'fucked' was not the answer i was expecting.
Chill.
They just scored 79 points.
That's embarrassing.
And what do you care?
LeBron is your favorite player anyway.
How about that Tribe?
i can watch the lip sync for your life competition on all day, everyday.
Bitch look like she tear him to shreds
if you build it they will come!
loved ur pk on Sundays game good luck today .
lol!
Ugh  that's what I get for having an AKA as a bestie.
Xo!
think you already did what..
because I haven't accused you of shit.
so..
what did you do?
SuperBowl What a hit.
Giants have been stopped the last two days.
Nicks coming right back though.
He is a gamer.
thanks for participating tonite!
going to bed.
shutting all of my stuff off for tomorrow.
38 assignments to  going to do them.
TAROT TODAY with Tracy!
25 rain or shine.
Each reading lasts from 1020 minutes.
Get a delicious hot chocolate while you wait!
;
Close contest!
S/O to !
RT : our inner work connects us to our personal magnificence.
Yeah right
aw man I'm losing my LA cred.
I thought that was Barnsdall outside the museum.
Thank you.
True class!
Happy birthday bro, text me your number I just had to replacemy phone, also have a bday package coming your way this week
Michelle Obama keep fighting the good fight...
dang she stole my favorite charge to the blue team.
No turning back!
Niggas Ridin Round In Mustangs Around Here .
yeah dude it gets better
Happy Halloween everyone!
Trick and treat tonight, then come and work it off tomorrow!
Watch for new classes, new announcementssoon!
The homeless is still homeless, the poor is still poor, yet we find millions of dollars to fund senseless wars
naw that's some other black kid.......and you just a punk
Almost There.
RT : Today is the 10th anniversary of Allen Iverson's we talkin' about practice, man press conference.
Watching Doug Benson's Super High Me on G4 right now.
Still interesting to a nonenthusiast ...
My bro says The Santigold is OJ, lemon  lime juice, orgeat syrup, soda water,  mint sprig.
Ask for it by name!
Speechless good or bad?
you know we're here for you when you're not feeling right never forget that Austin Everything happens for a reason we love you
Stefanie Arias's Magic 8 Ball never lies: Are the odds in Dianna's favor?
Without a doubt.
last exam of the year!
can't wait to get back to other activities that studying has been preventing...showering, starting revolutions, etc.
How'd so many of y'all find time to retweet me this mornin'?
Lawd knows you ain't bein productive!
: Everyday I love watching Maury with my mom and dad best !ooh my word!
At the end of the 1st quarter, the lead the Blast 30.
Stay tuned!
Go Blast!
On the doorstep
Omg I love him as much as I hate Randy's blazers.
He better make the finals.
Sure!
It's a great giveaway, I will be very jealous of the winner!
haha ;
Thanks for following.
We LOVE parade!
I SMELL LIKE DONUTS
Grammar is important!
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse
same here cat feces
Sara Blakely CEO of Spanx turned 5,000 and a great idea into a billion dollar underwear business.
Initiative can take you a long way.
Having great day soo far:
now see we ain't playin that which ya ratchet swaqq
I've been getting the same messages!
I just ignore them.
We now have 235 out of 600 to help Saraswathi go to college!
We're making great progress  thank you much for your generosity  support!
Election2012 Obama loves gays, Romney beat up a gay, Obama pushed a girl.
Lmao what will tomorrow bring?
Schwartz can dish it out with fist pumps and swearing to players and officials, but can't take it
very glamorous!
Panera consistently yummy
The big thieves hang the little ones.Proverb
my wife's birthday dinner is tomorrow since you're in Vegas you are more than welcome to come she loves you.
Longest day today..
REALLY LONG day tomorrow..
Getting shit done
We have our favorites.
What's your favorite place to satisfy your cupcake cravings?
kid what the Fuck are you always talkin about?
Online poker?
awe why thank you!!
:
That text from Brandon 
wow but i g2g love you night
Congratulations!
You are in for the best years of your life a roller coaster of fun, scary and absolutely wonderful!
Asti, dons, pool time, pubcrawler, white party, crawfish, snobeach...not too shabby
Whenever I have an awful cold I think of Miss Adelaide from Guys and Dolls.
Obama hastily schedules an interview to discuss samesex marriage.
Portions will be released today.
What do you think he'll say?
New nail polish 
After every injury, Collingsworth says, Well that changes every thing
lol okay!
imma check and make it fair x
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes!!!
That's as funny as the story I'm reporting tonight on NBC DC.
A couple gets married in IKEA, where they met.
Great read.
Really enjoyed it.
Nicely done.
Hold tight; we haven't forgotten about the reverb11 September prompt.
Big things ahead...stay tuned!
Tired GoodNight Offline 
: IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I 3 Big booty bitches
Seriously, if you can make it, stop by  we can't wait to show it off, and it's almost ready to reopen!!!
reality  my doctorams  me caught deep in my own head.
Awe thanks, that means so much coming from such a talented artist.
Well, keep your eyes peeled we've got more coming!
move around my dude.
Privilege ?
Spell sum shit right then say sum to me
reports Huntsman to bow out of race!
, say it ain't so!
A major SC newspaper was set to endorse him.
Think he's going for VP?
My first tweet and I already feel cooler.
Now for some sleep after the madness that was Madison.
it was awesome, but I need some water.
Now.
Ugh.
No phone again.
Gonna make some new choreo tonight.
you a cutie...
Guess who just booked their first audition out of school?
This girl!
Thanks to and !
:
I wish I could comee
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back UP!!
My Waterloo: dependable child care.
Can't wait until my childoctorn can babysit themselves.
I literally laughed out loud
It's definitely because you're hot ;D
FF They Bring the Funny!
yes please
Headed to the Love the sunday mornings of life.
Hey girl.
What is up?
Summer Is almost over.
Football time.
Idiot  Anyone doctorving slower than you.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to
A2: Top of the Hub in Boston b/c it has spectacular views!
just woke up , so relieved ;P
already went to the store and got what said!
will try that next time!
God didn't create man for a life of misery but when we make improper choices we can create a life of misery for ourselves...
Thanks very much for the link  info, Tabby: Posted couple mins ago:
I think life should be more like video games where you can keep getting new lives until you figure out how to win.
Dam its being a wild day rip to da candler rd flea market
Winter getting you down?
Weed on every corner.
thinking of the migrant farm worker, toiling to put food on my table, demonized as illegal for doing the holiest of works,
StevenTyler would not be going to Hollywood if that had been an AmericanIdol audition.
Hey sis!!!
All is well with u I know.
Miss n love you much.
When r u back in the states?
MT : My car is at Family Auto to get work done.
It has been in the shop more than not lately.
Time for a new car?
//DON'T BUY ONE!
have been reading great things about Wild.
Will you be coming to Los Angeles or San Diego to promote it?
We slandering Heat Fans right now lol RT : HeatExcuses RT : Where all the L.A fans
I love the movie The Burbs, it reminds me of me and my neighbors towards out other neighbors hahah ifyouknowmeyouknow 
Why do Latin Americans always have to segregate themselves from the rest of the world.
We all love 1D too.
Geez.
rockin' some wings tonight.
garlic and parmesan?
yes please...
Wow, a friend just sent pictures from Hawaii.
Ah, wish I was there and not working today.
:
awesome!
You ladies have a great lunch wishing I could be there!
I disliked him before it was cool.
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful and kind mothers of the world : Even sometimes we don't tell you that, WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
x
Damn, sorry I'm just seeing this.
Actually just got back to Tampa.
How are things?
I took at peek when I got up to pee last night.
Sadly I saw nothing.
And sadly I said too much when I said got up to pee
commercials are to funny
Parent poll: are violent video games for boys the counterpart to disempowering princess movies for girls?
cc:
: Looking toward to a day of observing classes.
great to work with more Ohio teachers!
It's a problem.
California Retirement System has 71 of the assets needed to cover costs for its 852,000 members Shortfall is 56B
Now, why couldn't the Reds do that to the Tards earlier?
:

The Blue Chip winners:
people act like he can rap
Uugghh i never get to like really relax
Let them HOE's talk how much they want..
I don't give a Sh!t!
All I do is laugh about you!
I made the team!!
: im so proud of everyone who tried out : its gonna be a good year
I dont see how that will help lol but I did for the hell of it
This Dude Ugly Af

I have Sente, still learning to use it, actually working on integrating it with my Devonthink  Scrivener workflow right now!
yeah yeah they do!!!
The go MOO!
and cats go MEOW!
and dinosaurs go RAWR!
we love what you are doing for the global community.
It's pretty
I am sticking with Tony the Tiger!
stop messing around and come to the pool tonight.
K thnx
Get great tickets to Broadway, OffBroadway, attractions and tours.
Group rates on the TOTAL NEW YORK EXPERIENCE.
www.AllTicketsInc.com.
First at MTMDC and now at socialmediaproblems?
Looks like great minds tweet alike :
Nap Time!
Johnny and Camilla won
Friday fun!
Shaken not Stirred martini auction and cocktail benefit 4 the ABQ Museum!
Party starts  7pm, w/ live jazz by The ArencÃ³n Trio!
A daughter may outgrow your lap, but she will never outgrow your heart.
Work out, cleanup, fill out job applications.
Did I happen to mention 30 days until graduation?
Dinner  A Movie!
I love you3
hhaha!
I need a name tag that says magician.
I'm glad you enjoyed them!!!
i think should follow me : lol.
If I use your bathroom, I'm going to reverse your toilet paper roll.
Hey Dog walkers,My Loofah Cookie doctors SoapScription is absolutely WONDERFUL and helpful for the bottom of your dogs pads of thier feet
the smashing pumpkins are an awesome thing.
There is equal joy in watching Eldoctorck play great as well as terrible.
Such a good guy either way.
I'm really Rosie/And I'm Rosie, real/You'd better believe me/I'm a great big deal.
Especially those of us born in the mid1900's.
Opposite feeling from Gm 1.
Celtics playing great but only up by 4  Sixers lurking despite only shooting 35 to Boston's 50
especially when youre about to experiment
20ThingsAboutMe I have a boyfirend ,  he means the world to me .
3'
You took it to Beth.
Your brought the fight to her.:!!!!woowhooooo
Only if you dont like the goofy hair they made Hanks wear during the film...
Never regret what you did, regret what you didn't do.
They shoulda scored on that play...
Do it for the childoctorn.
And the rest of humanity.

exactly.
that's why it's important to look at sites that are claiming objectivity with a microscope.
they can be most dangerous
Idk what's wrong with me right now omg
phone died .
i have my moms phone .
Yeah , try being more like me!
Sure your grades will suffer  you might have to pay a few fines, but I have fun!
Even when you're by my side I still need time to feel the company
Sounds interesting!
What exactly happens at these meetings?
Biased, but have 's staff in top three.
Especially with the ascent of Matt Moore.
Its cold out :P brrrrrrr :/
Tennis time
thank you Wendy for your work with Dianne on the video.
Can't wait!
WE LOVE MUUUFFFFFIIIIIINNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Oh my.
I got you addicted
hell yeeee bro
July must be our month off....
really pissed off.
How sick is it to have the 2 greatest players in the world right now playing for your hockey club in the NHLPlayoffs?
Yes, it's free for all, but RT's will grant you VIP access to Tom.
Meaning, Yes, he will let you touch him for the low cost of 25 cents.
tell mhe yhur doctornk and true sober the naked truth strip poker
182 days to come forward.
If no one claims, then the money goes back to the states, in proportion to sales.
This breeze that's coming through my window feels so bomb
Love you on Community.
Did you know your doppelgÃ¤nger is on Mad Men?
It's on a cable channel.
You look amazingly similar.
Say ahh yeah...
We havin a party up in here fo sho...
The only show I DVR except for Yo Gabba Gabba for the kids.
True story.
WELL MY TRACK SEASON JUST ENDED AND I HAVE LIKE MAJOR TESTS COMING UP
Coming up with a cure for cancer.
Hope Ohio wins!
Can't stand Syracuse ever silence they put out Wisconsin!
I'd hug you all day if you'd let me.
lmfao thanx!
: I shall follow u back now lol
True.
It's nice to have someone around for accountability.
When people believe in themselves they have the first secret of success.
Norman Vincent Peale
Me and are getting involved tonight.
FT.
LEE BOND BITCHES
How did I end up on the backpage of ?
Sneaky, sneaky coworkers.
Lol everyone said looks like I got out of bed haha: Then some random girl messed with my hair .
lol
I love how he treats me like fucking shit after we have sex.
NeverFails.
He pisses me off so much.
3Rainbows3P.L.U.R.3
I'm only on page 50 of life of pi.
Bye I'll be dead tomorrow.
like the quiet confidence concept at the end.
Thanks for sharing.
i meant on my ass not past sorry Im watching dancing with the stars.lol
Thank you guys!!!
:
Hi !
R U Ready For The KCA's 2nite?
Is Going To Win!
GoodLuck :
RX Power Hour  12/9  Marshall White  Alan Colley: Pro Strongman Marshall White joins Nathan and Ryan!
Plus: Fresh off his Te...
Theater rave!
Electric Daisy Carnival Experience Movie  Makes me want to doctorss up and dance all night!
Hope every Fan out there is having a great week!
haha yes!
something like TheRealFiasco or firescore...
but therefore is pretty sick too
most def!
Those are fun break from real golf.
: that was a heat joke you fools...
no one cares about hockey..
what sport does heat play?
Sounds like the radio!
to quote Kenny doctorad; the new mixes that is!
I mean like when the radio used to sound good!
FM stereo!
What?
Yum!
I saw The Town today...good movie
I've been trying to pull at your heart strings but clear you don't have any.
It's cold under the bridge.
But I love my homeless friends!
:
nicely done!
Oo I got on heels I hope I dnt bust my ass
.....idk if I should laugh, be shocked or if I should be scared to ride with you two tomorrow...
Cabin In The Woods tonigght
Pinot Evil.
clever AND delicious.
I don't need permission for the things I do.
I do what I want, when I want
No, I work in Wilsonville, live in Johns Landing, SW Ptld.
Ha, only have the pleasure of making that commute 5 days a week.
I want to thank my cousin for the concern and help I really appreciate it and things get better as u said
Question mark is how many innings they'll ultimately let him pitch.
Because of surgery, could be yanked come playoffs.

when can we see you and Marcia?
142nd street reunion?
thanks love!!
your the hottest on
Whats the best service to go with starting a new podcast?
The delightful needs to realize that his policies would leave MILLIONS of orphans without families.
the Bulls may still be the better team but they are only 75 against playoff teams without Rose.
189 overall
Is your company looking for a great edtech conference to deploy your products?
2012.
How about Black Friday AND Saturday!?
We'll be offering double rebates on select , nointerest financing, etc.
Call for details!
Well, I probably just made one of the worst decisions of my life.
If I get someone in that price range, I'll def try to bring 'em by, but I don't have anyone right now :
: Scorpio can't stand people who ask for help yet never bother to help themselves first.
MAJOR PET PEEVE
Migraine.........please go away!
You'll find better days when you leave the bitter days behind.
I am too busy tweeting to read the on TV tweets.
Well done to your brother
well..
Deliver some to me!
:
Took care of my lab practicum LIKE A BOSS!
Is it cool for a man in his 40's to hang with 20 year old girls?
Is anything wrong with that picture?
What if he known them since 16?
I find the whole assembly line efficiency people try to achieve in airport security lines to be real annoying.
Folks commodifying themselves
Sisters Denise Morrison  Maggie Wilderotter  take a strategic approach to your career.
In recognition of the hard work of our customers and partners, we at HubSpot recently held our first annual user group
thanks !
I will read maidique in more detail tomorrow.
i have a hunch that the valuing of intuition varies by field but who knows?
There's always gonna be someone pretier than you or skinnier than you, but funny doesnt sag Reese Witherspoon
Had the landlord over last night telling me our garden is a mess.
What can I do if the plants grow so fast.
will you be getting anymore items in for the World Championship?
Trying to set up a really cool story I love my job
Watch out, I don't know what I'm talking about in the next couple of tweets possibly.
totally agree.
That keeps things fresh.
:D
Happy to be in such gr8 company!
RT : Fab writers
Bringing home your 2 biggest textbooks, and only having a little bit of homework out of them 
The show will be back on and Season 2 is currently filming!
Thanks for being a fan, Cindy!
Need to go to bed, but I'm not sleepy....UGH
I have no willpower to get out of bed for work today.
WE GOTTA KEEP THE PRESSURE ON!
WE CAN DO THIS!
Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict.
Wanna stop being ignorant?
Kthx.
Thanks you so much!
Thanks!
Just suffering from Tweeter's block lately.
My WI teaching licenses arrived!
Broad field social studies AND history.
Don't know about that last one.
Now, if only schools were hiring...
The feeling of waking up on a Saturday with no responsibilities like school or work for the day!
I'm gonna start preparing for the zombie apocalypse.
I'm into disorganized religion.
RT So true, I see lots of students get overinvolved and lose sight that its the exprs that count not how much
Which brings me to my next thought....that Im going to share, obviously
Kickin back in my snuggie watching Goofy Movie.
Stand out among the crowd, even if I have to shout out loud!
y'all know it!!
Got to see a little at PAX yesterday, didbt know where to start.
Got Jonathan Coulton's autograph...
Pretty awesome first day....
What kind of testing will you need?
hanco's is the best
hope it gets resolved so u can watch it!
Research has shown that exercise can help prevent heart disease, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, type 2 diabetes, arthritis, and more
RT : So excited about in Green Bay this summer!
Ready to pump up DH curricula!
Have you taken a mental health day recently?
I have!!!
The BFDailyWord is  atavism  recurrence of or reversion to a past style, manner, outlook, approach, or activity
My husband just sent me an email to the same effect.
I might have too.
Hello?
Is this thing on?
uhm who r u
Congratulations to on a fantastic Conference in Las Vegas for the debut of their new ad agency software, blu!
Breaking up is hard, to move along is even harder.
I don't go there anymore dork!
RT Can't eat to much though , on a diet and need to do exercise , bad thing about being a model
but of course!
This is when I miss being a coach.
The strategy is key here
smh at ppl who go shit in the bathroom but try to conceal that shit.
It's not a secret so let it out
altacadvice Make sure to discuss w/ enthusiasm every aspect of the job desc.
in your letter/CV.
Reusing wording from desc.
is aok!
On NHL LIve Wednesday, Smith: I think Washington's gonna win tonight.
I don't really want them to.
Game 7's going to the Rangers.
Hows the flight?
Sinatra  Pasta 5 to 9  LIVE Music by Dead Poets!
Live Music by Brian Parr  apps starting  6!
WOMHouse.com!
hit me back
Let's go rangers.
I don't want to have to shave tonight.
I asked the webinar panel if a sports collection had ever been funded.
The answer was no.
, it's time to get started!
great photos, your gorgeous as ever!
Michael says he can't sleep so you give him propofol?
A simple joint a night would have done the trick...ChildPlease lost a legend
: Word.
RT : Meetings are a symptom of bad organization.
The fewer meetings the better.
Peter doctorcker
Where would the Bears be without , he's a top 5 RB
o i didn't know you were in the facebook group, you haven't talked yet.
Are you getting notifications about it?
Thanks!
Anybody on your team interested?
DM ScottTheMerchGuy if yes :
Texans with the Sack!
MERRY CHRISTMAS 
Tweet if you have a response other than oneliners on Crusades2.0 Administration
yes, it does.
I hope you and yours are staying strong.
Throwing pennies away doesnt make any cents
where?
, what time?
How long?
RUwriting The usual allnight Friday writing jam.
Got a chapter done on O4S series.
I won't mention whether it was consecutive.
when?
I'm out a lot this month on wknds
Indeed; you captainred it exactly...no one really knows.
OK, know nothing about Linux.
Got a netbook w/ Ubuntu that needs some updating.
Good source for info that a moron could understand?
Going for my doctorss fitting for the !
So excited to get my costume and mask!
Saturday night will be one to never forget!
im finna resend it i made dem changes last night
Twitter!!!:D
Im so confused!
I promised my friend that i wouldnt tell anyone what she told me.
But this could get her pregnant!
What do i do?
As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency.
Caroline Kennedy Schlossburg
The 201112 Lynchburg College Athletic Awards Banquet will be shown via webcast tonight, beginning about 7:45.
Check back for the link.
Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring.
St.
Catherine of Siena
Can we throw them as we walk down the aisle?
RT : Jeweled daggersmore ladylike!
RT swordladen bouquet!
are looking for some hot SxSw parties to play in 2012
I'd like to wish everyone a safe, happy,  prosperous new year!
Talked with parents on the terrace tonight who were so excited to have their childoctorn here at UW.
Great night to enjoy great place!
Lmao u gotta be a ninja in that thing bro
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
using follett destiny?
Review feature is good plus can add stars
pls be proud: Nashville,  not completely clueless!
Also, new boots from across the street.
A good day.
If it was my child I would want justice.
GZ falsely assumed TM was a criminal...GZ shot and killed TM.
I'm glad you got to witness a hobo running toward me that almost plowed me to the ground
RT Our journey toward becoming a truly sustainable company has been challenging and fun.
bit.ly/pKjU5k
How the hell did ten minutes just pass by like that???
The only thing you should FOLLOW is your doctorams.
In the words of Steve Jobs, Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
So...Cuse haters, was that a home game too?
Congratulations!
I'm getting ready to launch a new dynamic venture  giving back and empowering....
entrepreneurship doctoram!
I just love painting trees
Oh yeah its yours and ales
I'm with you there
Mi nightmare is a 12' tall, crying , doctorssed as a baby.
Get off the train!
No, get back on the train!
i wonder if FLO RIDA is from FLORIDA?
me too..i was begging my mom to fly me to houston :P and i live in chicago:
So much for that text he promised me
text me!
are you going to her house on Wednesday?!
Cos I'm going!
Great commercial with Joan Rivers
Hey!
How have you been?Follow back for DM :
The Cat WEARING the Hat
Journos inserted excessively in debates.
Often at center stage  run mouth.
Audience noise detracts from debate 2.
Leaving school early 
History's Heroes: 1/31/1965 Rev.
Martin Luther King Rr.
and 770 others arrested for protesting against voter discrimination in Alabama.
i just saw this....
its not fun talking to u thru twitter, i am packing bc im going to MN tonight : wyd
I know you cute, but its a lot of cute people running around here doing nothingMiss Robbie
eye lid subdued by gravity
this cat I'm holding is a pervert o0
Thanks to all who came to the Mixer on Tuesday!
Great turnout!
See you the first Tuesday in December!
Amen!
Like, when did that become a rule?
If I miss you, I'll call you or shoot you a text.
.it's a level of maturity though
Am doing great,thanks : thanks for the follow
Yay New Directions!!!
Glee :D
Bruh I kinda do wanna see Bron rock his ass though lmao
Major event in the works for April.
RT : Getting ready to go party with in Palm Bay
she was made i was tweeting and on facebook!!!!
2010 PAC Consultant of the Year: URS Corporation.
Congrats!
Committed to small businesses in the San Diego region!
Maybe if so.
I think its pretty stupid.

OnlineBusiness Tip: Do not make your video an ad.
In other words, get a point across but do it without trying to sell something.
RT Amazing that CNN ignored the issue of Saul Alinsky for the entire debate.
are you and Zaynster girly girl together??
:
Sorry about the loss of your grandfather..had recently tweeted you..just read the sad news..be well ..you are loved!
You should have your own Plow  Police Escort!!
lol, i know.
Just messing..
just a lil small talk..
how u been
Happy mothers day, birth mother.
Wherever you are.
Might?
I don't think so...
Good to see you too!
And hear your insight about the program!
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY!!!!!!!
Just went for walk.
Wind's a pickin up.
Saw tree down, along with powerline.
Turned n headed rt home.
Now organizing my mom's closet.
Safer.
When you leave your hair in a bun while its wet so when you take it out its damp and looks greasy
If You REALLY Desire A Real Relationship  Don't Have One, It Could Be That: You've Placed 'Relationships' Too Low On Your Priority List
Working late tonight
Good morning and God bless ...
Signing off right now.
Going to write a poem or two that I have in mind before going out to watch the 5pm UPW Metras.
Later Twitterland.
Happy birthday to the best girlfriend in the world.
I love you so much 3
This morning My mom said I'm her older son she never had .
Lmfao I guess she thinks I'm a boyy ?
Kent county council gives green light to satellite grammar schools: Conservative county council allows existing ..
Says he wear tight jeans in his bio.
Haha Swag him out

Imagine Zayn  you having sex,  him going 'VAS APNIN?' every two minutes LLN.
THIS.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHA.
Worse day ever
Hey who want to txt ask the number plezzz I'm board:D
Any stoners in Dallas?
Just woke up!
I wonder if you're stalking me.
You know who u are..
Angie!
RT : All I ask 2nite is u let me get on the mic for 10 sec and do a 210 bisexual female roll call, thanks...lol
I'm doing really well, actually.
Thanks so much for asking.
: How are you?
1 of our guys is at the Lego event: : they're all nice but CJ  Teal are above  beyond with the kids Awesome
S/O to a bad ass ..watch yo mouth Ms.
excellent background ma!!!!!!!!
Beach day!
I love labor day.
Also, I love ikea for all my new cheap furniture.
There is some amazing hulahooping happening Winter Dance Party!
Wow!
The only fundamental difference between poor people  rich people is how much  they have.
Not work ethic or responsibility
Never not doing big things!
Catching up with and !!
If your friendships end over petty BS over twitter and fb, they weren't true friendships..
Where there is marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
Benjamin Franklin
...we have learned...
that incoming students and faculty no longer associate 'computing' with any consistent meaning.
memo from provost
...
took me days to figure it out..
from the outside it looked like an LED but MBAs don't have optical output.
I carefully crushed it out.
I thought you've already had names picked out for years or months!?
What does it say abt andoctorid if a user switches frm blackberry 2 andoctorid  then now is requesting 2 switch back 2 blackberry?!?
yeah i forgot
I'm not letting the Shit you do phase me anymore bro, you the reason I went to jail last year.
Not feeling the best today :
No matter how toughh, no matter how hard it seem , neva give up, i'ma always chase my doctorams .
boosie
Another militant foodie like myself!
It's so fundamental.
7 runs?
Wow.
Lifestyle brands now lifestyle platforms, e.g.
Fab.
The promise of long tail distribution and 2 way brand convo has now been fulfilled.
Third Ramone Moore triple of the second half cuts UMass lead to six.
But Jesse Morgan hits a runner and Temple turns it over.
UMass 5547
: Ray Allen sucks.
NBA  lmao
Didnt realize how stupid i was till i took the math taks...
Come by Diva SoHo to celebrate our 18th yr anniversary.
HAPPENING NOW!
Music by special guest DJ and complementary Hors d'oeuvres all night
Yummy.
doctoram assignment ?
A judge in the kidscookoff Almost time to announce winner!!
That's good because I was about to give you a whole history lesson upon who they are.
you are being very sexy right now
Think one good feeling thought today and see where it takes you!
And the winner is...The Solid Sons!
They won 500, stage equipment and they are one of 85 bands bands competing to play in London.
Congrats.
My boyfriend is amazing 3
Life goes on
Man I aint neva seen a whole bunch of broke stank ass nigga until I touched in duval county lol cryin bout payin a dub to party LAME
they are indeed!
thanks :
Cool.
I'll probably wait to see dark shadows.
I was just thinking about you.
What is this all about?
Because Jesus is my king and he said I can come.
Got a PhilLesh signed poster on ebay today...
I was on the only bidder!
It was a poster on my want list too...
so excited for tomorrow
Good morning :
His so not on my good side right now.
Im pissed at you I ain't gonna lie.
These kids are dumb as fuck.
What a bad day.
She'll dance and doctornk her life away
yup yup!
u mean less than 24?
;o isn't tomorrow the last day?
I already voted for you anyways lol
BeastMode creating a BeastQuake in Seattle last year and shocking the Saints.
GoSeahawks!
Be close to u
yeah...
Old times.
Happy Homecoming to all Vols heading to campus this weekend!
Friday's festivities include the Parade w/ Grand Marshall Condoctordge Holloway!
Asb ball...
Cant wait d:
Our volunteers have shown tremendous dedication  support but there's always more to do!
Join us  help bring real representation to Irving.
is studying.
LOL okay.
I listen too max b everyday.
He's my inspiration when it comes too this rap game..
O NO jerseydoctorss in the building
nah it's gay
But when you're with your friends it's like I don't exist.
jus giving you a hard time
Mario Chalmers is trending.
With only a couple hours of sleep, I'm off to begin my rainy Sunday!
Finally on the computer, haha, today was good, I got to go to the mall with my best peoples :P lol
No man, or body of men, can dam the stream of language.
James Russell Lowell
Just had a great night filming on the set of
I know.
If it wasn't for BOTDF and BVB I wouldn't be around.
They've given me that push I've needed for so long.
I want so badly to make a canoe
you were awesome today!
So much insight.
I learned so much and I'm so happy you joined team !
still have some seats available.
We are selling 360 degrees around the stage.
haha I fricken got up at the crack of dawn to pick up my prom doctorss.
I walk in, they tell me to come back at 2!!!?
Out on Point Loma Ocean Beach caravan  lots of great properties today!
Maybe I'll find the perfect piece of real estate for you!
my friend alyssa told me to follow you : and im tell more people b tommorow you will have more followers!
Cry if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you, its the wrong thing to do...
Today in 2006, a military coup in Chad failed when the coup leaders realized that if they won, they'd be in charge of a place called Chad.RT
brilliant.
But what if my UI is an iOS app?
Screenshot it and then feed the Screenshot in to your app?
Today is NOT the day to be missing tackles...
my boyfriend  yours
There is nothing wrong with eyebrows.
Wow!
I can cross be attributed to hashtag lifelivedplayedwell off my bucket list : Seriously.Thx  so good to see u!
With Nicolette  Angelica tweeting about going to prom, it makes me want to go, June 8 needs to come faster !
Prom Can'tWait
Thnx for text updates very helpful when pwr when out.
where u at?
:o
Best mood But high af'!
Love gravity bongs!
follow me Sarah!!!
haHa ops sorry wrong person :D well hi
Very well, got a puppy.
Have fun in AK, you guys should come visit CA sometime.
When was MB on Basketball Wives if u get it correct I will follow u
Sorry, looking at wrong tweet, one asking What do you want to be when you grow up?
To your questions: 1 Throughout 2 Yes
Either Assad or MuslimBrotherhood controls Syria.
Damned if you do; damned if you dont.
US should not be involved.
RT
just get rid of ARod.
Problem solved!
;
There is a lie in believe, over in lover, end in friend, us in trust, ex in next, and if in life.
Back in LA..not that jet lagged..unpacking!!!
Got 3 months to stay here!!!
blows at scramble!
sure I'll hit em up soon as he gets on
What r ur ideas for reducing alcoholabuse in Dane County?
Let us know b4 tonight's mtg.
Remember to tag your ideas with
Bwa ha ha ha hack cough cough sneeze!
RT Soon I will control all of the Claritin in the tristate area!
what happened?
So what's this snap chat business?
Let's go then
What?
RT : Me  my fiancÃ© at Blockbuster is one of the longest processes ever.
For starters, he doesn't watch Rated R movies.
PUBLIC BROADCASTING  Pledge doctorve underway Call 723  4687  follow news staff
Its sad when u start to pray for a layoff....
Falling Down
Now that sounds fun.
Watching wkuk funny stuff.
Sad it's their last season.
dont think ive heard Courtesy enough times today.
God bless America and our troops.
This book looks awesome.
Breaking my hand trying to open a freaking barbecue bottle !!
Cause you're all she's got.
She needs someone to talk to.
And she obviously misses her other daughter.
1111 delegates and alternates.
Fri we are hosting karaoke night 11041 ables ln.
Dallas,tx.
75229 food doctornk and amateur singing lol
ha i finally found u on here follow bac please:
Carroll Shelby passed away...an icon.
A true American legend.
Hey and are you in town the weekend of October 8  9??
is in town and it's high time you meet her!!
:
Getting exited for the show tonight !!!
Can't wait to play some new stuff for u lovely ppl
thanks.
Will do so!
is blaming it on the quantum flux...
thats what it
thanks.
Pablo!
girl, boo, there's a lot of sick things that i wanna do to you
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you
Happy Mother's Day!
What is one word you would use to describe your mom?
Dare I say you're actually the cleanest person at a job for once?
Lmao
I just want to go running.
:'
English class is so boring.
Also, SO to the guy who came up to me, said Nice jersey.
Actually, f Russell Branyan, I'm a Cubs fan.
Then got arrested 10 steps later.
Yes and..not all comedians are conflicted and some artist DO have a business mind!
membership  best money ever spent.
i'm good too!
:D3
lmao I'm really not seriously ;
i just went and followed for u so tell justin to follow me!
I have no idea why she doesnt have Sal bussing.
We dont need 4 dishwashers.
Jakes our meat bitch.
Im on crepes with Lamerica.
I'm looking forward to The Future for Investors with Jeremy Siegel at Alumni Weekend 2012
The way oomf is actin right now 
That's so nasty, ewwww.
Why do I wake up nakey all da time?
Oh well.
I've only said this once before..but FUCK this year!
Too many valleys outweighed the peaks.
But I am ready to shake it off and welcome 2012!
you are so sweet.
Faded man down and IRS Remix 're fire too!!
I live in Va to :o
I should probably start my essay but instead I'm watching this girl subtweet
thanks for the love Tina!!!
hasnt got me on the shot yet!
This week's TAL has a great story about why development work is such a slow and difficult process.
Required listening for the worldcurious
Can't wake up!
It is certainly coffee time!
Finished up a great photo shoot with Ten Media in our new office today.
Pics coming out tomorrow!
Dear mom, I Am What I Am Today because of you.
You never gave up on me even when everyone else did.
I Love You.
The whole situation wouldn't have happened if the umpire hadn't completely overreacted.
Ok, this is my new favorite word.
.
.
.
just sayin :
Oh, Boy!
See Our Fave Ladies Who Suited Up in 2011 2011 was filled with fashionistas wearing pretty doctorss after doctorss.
However, the ladie
Hahaha ...
Not so sure, my friend.
We need to do another minitour some time soon.
sending you love, continued strength and .
The biggest thing on campus
I have no idea what is going on?
prayforjustinbieber i guess..
im so confizzled
Today is Friday is trending.
Can't wait for Tomorrow is Saturday to show up.
It's been years since I've done Pilates, but I'm gonna go for it right now, wish me luck.
Obviously a penalty.
Not sure where the debate is coming from.
Thanks for the mention.
The fantastic book it came from is Broken Open by Elizabeth Lesser.
And with increasing chest pains, my body has now decided to break out in a fullout itchy rash.
Time to go to the hospital after work.
I guess /: I'm in Advanced Honors so we do so much more!
Can miles truly separate you from friends....
If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
Richard Bach
My family means everything to me now 3
Imma be up till like 2 or 3 text me
I can tell you would've made a great Masked Rider!
Soft rock covers in Asian restaurants are fantastic!
The fugees 'kirring me softry' never sounded better.
yes please!!
sometime in the next couple weeks before you are Africabound!
:
Over thinking ruins everything.
I didn't?
Uhoh sorry!
Yea I didn't really think he had to either.
Forecasters warn doctor conditions could lead to brush fires
I'm ready to leave Red Robin and our waitress is taking her sweet time to bring is our checks.
If anyone asks who played the El Salvadoran National Anthem over radio channel 4 at LSP, it wasn't Or me.
SomethingThatMakesMeHappy is to doctornk doctor Pepper 3
The 16 teams were announced Saturday morning, with four teams going to each of the regional sites
Lots of cool stuff.
I already have a good bike.
Did u get good stuff?
You dont like what i gotta say???
Idgaf  me !
is currently available w/ Public Performance Rights and Digital Site Licenses for schools, libraries, and organizations.
All of it tho???
RT FATabul0usLola I hate you with all my heart
hahaha aw thanks :  i love that name too 3
super!!
I'm glad to hear she is recovering well.
Golf game wasn't bad for my first day out.
:
I am a definite maybe at this point.
Wow, watching ESPN and still no love for they Bengals!
What is it gonna take to get some respect?
Child please!!
6 hours of shadow boxing 6 hours of writing 12 hours of work
Ever so welcome!
Have a great follow Friday!
I usually don't play the lotto, but half a billion is my favorite number!
I hate hoopin n da morning I play horrible
It was Ryan fucking Theriot!!!
Let him try to hit it.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face.
It's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul..
RT Some people are more hassle than their worth.......
not you..you're worth your weight in HASSLE !!
Just got finish mixing 12 tracks in less then 12 hrs..hope i dont blow nobody speakers out
Watched 2006 Hawaii Ironman.
Practice cancelled.
Time for bed.
I can't get over how beautiful it is right now in Charlotte.
Working on Dangerous Race gear  enjoying the breeze flowing though the windows
Do you need more followers, likes, etc?
try the site on my professorle.
It's free promotion .
Hey lets follow 4 follow
Sheamus getting booed because of Bryan is priceless.
Just got back from Squaw Valley.
That resort is sick!
Time to finish the details with the Poker Tourney this Sunday!
Everyone should come!!!
Really liked thinklikeaman last night think I'm following the whole cast on here now lol.
looked great.
did ya find zach?
This Saturday  TomCats West in FT WORTH TX, catch us, , , ,  for the comeback show!
Rock bottom just got in sight.
That Ryan Anderson bitch, please look at Dwight right now just made my night a teeny bit better.
Thanks for that Ry Ry.
that is so cool lmao
Finally finally finally the ref cards
: Someone from work took my Lean Cuisine from the freezer : I clearly am not a suspectthe word lean is involved.
I'm planning on it.
Haven't bought the plane ticket yet, but hopefully will soon.
No matter what, the company of good friends beats EVERYTHING.
I hope he goes all in.
RT : How old am I?
I'm so old I recall when Dick Lugar was Nixon's favorite mayor  considered rightwing.
Let's doctoram big!
A nice quote to remember and inspire you: All successful people men and women are big doctoramers.
Brian Tracy
A review from umwolverine on amazon
Sucks how some of us can't friends.
My vote is going for Wyclef Jean to become the new president of Haiti if he can only get The Fugees back together again.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one  Benjamin Franklin
Curious about the new serial, but didn't see a mention in the editorial.
Is this a reprint?
How many installments?
etc.
When is the huge retirement party?
You deserve it!
That is very true.
All I know is that there should be better regulations on them so that those who do need it receive it.
Job Opening, We are hiring a Social Media Coordinator Web Content Provider in the Philadelphia Area, anyone interested??...
I swear the random things I find in my room 
Some people are just like summer ..
NO CLASS.
with bestiee I love you !:
Today is one of those turn office light onoff every 10 minutes and put on sweater onoff every 5 minutes day  needs to make up its mind!
I'm visiting Concord in a few weeks...do you have tap room hours during the week??
Come see my art show if you're at the Downtown LA Artwalk tomorrow: Main  4th,
Acting  Dancing is the only I love to do :D
Sad to see Green Bay women's steak come to an end.
What a run!
On the train on my way back downtown again.
If you wait until all the lights are green before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top Zig Ziglar
Took my last final next to the alcoholicstunk so bad
NOM!
NOM!
did you like it?
I'll make sure they perform for u next time u come down lmao
haha I'm not sure that's really the point : Hi, by the way!
Say hi to the nmsers for me!
You are what you think.
You are what you go for.
You are what you do.
Bob Richards
Thank you for a year of early Friday mornings  doctornking good coffee and teaching me the gospel.
HAHA my b
yes Sir!!!
The very first Olympic race, held in 776 BC, was won by Corubus, a chef.
odd facts
BUt your not gonna BREAK my SOUL !!!!!
Correction FF !!!!
Big supporter of Bluey Robinson AND funniest person ever ;D lol
Wifey bringing home dinner from
Where are people eating dinner?
I'm going to try Safe House tonight with Hope I remember the password.
Sigh.
Youngest son is having a doctorma moment over his homework.
Again.
Hey!
It was awesome to meet you guys yesterday!
Van der Sar: Ferguson will lead United to derby success  CNN
Was immigrated as a child, flung into this culture am only here to converge..
you left me in tears tonight...
Castle  Becket, finally...
Are you adding Food Truck Follower to your resume?
Just got home from coachella and already have to get to work, shooting for in a few.
tomorrow.
got a couple of compliments...
You the jelly man
American fathers are spending more than twice the time with their childoctorn than they were.
Experts say its due to a new trend unemployment
The 'Word' is powerful, Francene I look forward to seeing your insighttweets from this experiment!
Small offense.
LBJ once pee'd in a congressman's desk ornament to est.
dominance.
Politics is the essence of crude.
HOW SO MANY FOLLOWERS????????
I hope she ain't gay.
That would be tragic..
Lol
I am going to use my recent experience with in my next book about poor customer culture.
I hope they survive unlike
i just want to punch my little brother and sister in their throats.
i can't wait 'til they both have jobs and have to get up early.
2 more days until Christmas!!
Can't believe it!
Coffee and aleve are broken.
Started reading an article I thought headline said Police respond to shouting on east side
My bf ex's is such an attention whore !
I can't stand that !
hey..
that's awesome!!
now, whadja do?!
Same Here !
XD
I was flipping through the Victoria's Secret catalogue and now I have a craving for ribs.
Alabama Shakes: the real soul deal: Admired by Hollywood royalty, the rabblerousing Alabama Shakes are doing fo..
Panda Express is my friend.
okay be outside ok plz
If you are in Maryland come see our latest Flyer Fit designs by Martin Flyer at Smyth Jewelers in Annapolis.
Thank you so much for listening!
Keep in contact, we'll be releasing a new song soon!
Such a great movie!
I recommend sarah's key!
A lot of reading, but it was great!
Windows down pounding fadedtyga
Don't blink!
Rangers Score!!
10
is one of our favorite bars in the world!
They have many specialties, but their infusions are truly incredible.
I love the song beautiful ppl chrisbrown but not as much as WMYB
YES!
you have a working oven and stove don't you?
I smell a cooking lesson event coming on!
I said come with me and he followed me out of the church.
We sat down on a bench and I asked him what do you see, he replied people!
I'm a Vikings fan...so yeah...it's comin....
the fact I'm coding a website that's in Portuguese just shows how wide open South America is for web development.
whats your number???
finished it you wanna see?
;
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA MAHONE!
you are and always will be an amazing mom to austin:
32 degrees at my house.
woah!!!!
Weird!
Mine was ok yesterday!
Sorry  let us know if It gets resolved!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SELENA :
RT Hello !
Our senior Architecture and Design curator Paola Antonelli is now on Twitter!
Our new background on our Twitter page is Triple OG.
Dear lady that ordered a venti white choc mocha with a shot of vanilla syrup  extra whipped cream but make sure it's skim milk: face palm
feel better!
Parade Prep is underway.
Come celebrate Milwaukee's Irish heritage on Saturday, March 10 at noon in Downtown Milwaukee!
Praying like never before
Yup lol I just it for a bit, but then I remembered my password again.
So how've you been?
How's twitter been?
LOL
CAFcruise backing out and getting ready to go
Wackin some balls around w/ oh and is a skunk
Dawson's creek!
Keep em comin!
you're too kind.
It's all the guys in the chapter.
I just keep em on the road as needed.
You smell bad.
Go away.
D:
Welcome!
It would be great to see you soon!
: Positive thinking without excellent doing is the pursuit of delusionists.
Finally settled in our new offices for Defined Publishing  925 Luna Circle NW, Albuquerque, NM 87102.
This is where the magic happens for
I said things that later on seemed to be untrue
Welcome to the playoffs Landoctor Fields.
A really great French roast from Peet's , a gritty jazz playlist,  a to do list 74 mi.long.
I'm officially back on the grind.
Wine tasting tonight!!
This is just getting silly
Today's dailythanks: the kindness of strangers and working from home.
c forget the others and get a district.
the small things are the important ones
If Jeremy Lin, Tim Tebow, Eli Manning, Derek Jeter walked into a bar in NYC for Beer/Diet Coke who would be served first?
haha just saying P and O are quite a ways from C and A ;
She moves like I pray.
Like the only one watching.
Is God, I mean me.
I've decided that programming in Flash is just a big puzzle.
You just keep trying different pieces of code until the darn thing works.
what a kick in the a
Why thank you!
atta boy.
Where?
Third day at the Writer's Conference in Denver.
Author U rocks?
I'm a manly muppet!!!
is reopened officially.
Excited.
If I had a babysitter, I'd be there now.
Good luck guys!
Projects behind, contracts expired, not professortable.
But still doing far more than required in the contract....scope creep!
No problem can be solved by the same consciousness that created it.
We need to see the world anew.
Albert Einstein
New Summer B Haitian Creole language and culture course at UF: Haitian Creole for Disaster Relief, Humanitarian Aid, and Development.
Everyone stay tuned, we'll have another contest for the next orientation session!
We're a collaborative consumption / p2p connecting food lovers to chefs.
p2p sxsw If you're a chef, reach out to us!
About to call it a night
slipped some dilla in at my fancypartysolopianogig.
I doubt anyone here has heard of him, but now they've heard some of his music
Hey Chicago!
We'll be in Elgin, IL tomorrow!
Are we gonna see anyone?
Instagram and Facebook in talks about making experience better.
I passed out at like 11:05
THATCamp Columbus campers: expect an email soon with details on parking, post event meetups, and more!
Whats with all of the dumb cat skits?
The slip roll on the Pioneer DJM 2000 is dope!
got put into a bad situation.
Have faith.
We need to hangout, old friend!!!
:
Lmaolmao.
:P I'm not the only one tweeting!
x
never gonna use it outside of school
FYI Pete's Tavern should have the press game on tomorrow near ATT park : What's good San Fran??
you just might.
Are you really gonna be like that and act like its not an analogy?
C'mon, manyou're better than that.
June 1st Need To Hurry Up!
watching wizards on disney channel
Selena is in the latest issue of People for her perfume!
:
Reviewing my SXSWi notes favorite quote: The future of marketing is philanthropy via Biz Stone, cofounder of
it's only been one day..
You make me smile :
ladygaga Lady Gaga should be the Halftime performer at the 2013 Super Bowl 3
I'm bout to renew it tomorrow!
Go Thunder!
haha I just got out :D
Ira Glass owning Mike Daisey is insane.
m dat face
How the fuck am I gonna get my bamboozle tickets?
word on the street is he dont get high like the rest of em'
Way to go !!
Grammy winner!
go ahead...
foloow me!!
doctorving our cats to their new home in PA :
well its hard to pass up when its so close!
building a Flash mp3 player.
Thanks for the help, gotoAndLearn.com!
The offers keep pouring in for Homestead's Luke Worthington.
Leigh, Greensboro and Citadel offered Thursday evening.
cute skunk?
: they can look cute  sounds fun!
Sunday is the shoot date!!!!!!
bored af waiting
Watchin' mister  mister.
Smith...
Big fan of Angela Jolie, N' Brad Pitt..
they make a great couple...
Man I Love you Big Vince and you wife seems so cool
thank you
I purchase Chronicle books for our library.
Any library relationships within your community?
The AtlantaHawks are looking really good; I did not expect this.
thank u!
Send Word Now Communications Notification of the Year Finalist!
doctor2012 Come by booth 101 May 2023 and join us!!!!
Random fact 5 He started YouTube june2010 with his bestfriend
You can give a damn, but you can never ever give a fuck.
I'm undersexed.
The owner saying he was giving it up, is totally different then the company taking it over.
I'm all over that!!
It'll be my birthday present and I'ma act a stone cold fool when I hear Devils Pie.
love updating my Google contacts  calendar on my laptop  having automagically update my phone  Vice Versa.
Goodbye Outlook.
The characters received closure to their stories.
The show was really about these relationships.
Do we even have a vice president?
You never hear about or see Joe Biden anywhere.
I'm watching BET Christmas.
It's ok.
Lol thank u i appreciate it but..
no thanks
Ok Lakers won everybody can stfu talking about the game now :P
Relevant messaging via CrossChannel Marketing built on Consumer DATA should be the focus for next 10 yrs.
at
I had no idea Bob Dole was still alive.
Sneezing really hard in a packed elevator makes for an awkward ride
Everyday  it seems  is on TV delivering a speech.
, everytime it is on the East Coast or Midwest.
What about the West Coast?
few more days until you're 19 your not going to be a teenager anymore are you happy?
Day 2 of the comedyintensive completeexhausted but exhilarated!
Can Berkeley use your tweet in a promotional video we are producing?
Congratulations, doctor Hui!!
Kind of wished they hadn't added Natalie Dormer to the cast of 'Game of Thrones.' Mainly because she can't lower her eyebrows.
So far, The only rock show is on March 2.
Keep an eye on us for more announcements early this year!
Your ducks will never be in a row.
The stars will never align.
It will never be the perfect time.
Quit waiting.
Get going.
makeithappen
Lots of fun hearing Gloria Steinem last night.
Still so lithe and glam.
: I'm just looking out for my future childoctorn when I'm trying to find someone beautiful to mate with
As a tech consultant myself here in DC, feel free to ping me as a possible resource...
Sitting in on SpringMEG2011 conference to hear keynote from Howard Putnam, former CEO of Southwest Airlines.
Wake op fishy Darla 
OH!
You should Definitely be paranoid!!
Its a conspiracy:D
Can't take anything away from Giants they played very well.
patriots were a few pitch and catches away from a SB46 victory
Big win tonight for UW, first road win of the year.
Tomorrow is another day but we need another W.
So porque eu 20pegar U.U
Church  Agape  dance class!
Celebratin my soul!
Goodmorning ppl headed to the park to walk day One
I don't think you'll hear many rumors before the doctorft lottery, but I could see the Nets or Hornets having serious interest
Tonight its goin down inside club empire...everyone 21 free all night and 2 u call it all night...don't miss out!!!
Bitch I'm the bestest friend anyone could ask for.
Fame bruh!!!
I can find love later!!!!
I incorporated HIIT training into my spin class last night...a regular told me after class I should throw that mix out b/c it was SOO hard:
DUDE...
Will Ford help you??
OrdeLees confined his excursions to skiing on the horizontal plane, writes honourary reorbit , and chitchatting to whalers.
I don't even know if they have that.
They definitely don't have tacos.
Much less Thank You Tacos.
We have Darren Brenessel from LSD Enigma on the phone!
supportlocalmusic on
Chanel resort collection runway show
Watch the sun come up this morning!!!
Such a beautiful thing!!!
Me too
Why're you so buff?
Happy New Year tweeps!!!!!
The more the merrier.
Will be a great time Go
9 million hooligans 
Cockiness , persuasion .
.
you can lick and suck ALLLA thatt.
.
Welcome : Philly.
Live tweeting from Civic Center in San Diego as occupysd organizers rouse crowd.
Labor Union leaders are pumping up crowd of a few hundoctord
Great party bro lol!

Quietly removes self from soapbox.
all smiles:D
I love when people say that we don't talk much as we used to...but when I text them or.something, I just hey ignored.......cute.
omg really?!
O: ughh I love him!
where do you work?
Blake is cuter but I have room for Jimmy ; haha
Ok my Facebook friends what is the best CRM system for iPad and iPhone ?
Good Game Pat..Have a God Sun.
Bro...
Me too: MAN IM TIRED AS HELL
I'm going to leave that alone!!!
: whatever u ain't bout that life lol
Sitting in Gatwick and preparing to return to eastern time zone by day's end.
Yes, office hours tomorrow.
Girls, always remember: You are smart enough and beautiful enough to never be taken for granted and to never be anyone's second best.
Slow yo roll pump them brakes
Upper right corner of the U.S.
lol.
If you know where California is, right above that haha.Really?
I bet its beautiful tho
tea is the new coffee
What charitable group or association would you love to give extra support to this week?
ICKY!
heheheh.
I love it!!
are those wireless ear buds??
Me: Wanna meditate with me later?
Him: Is that short for Suck my cock?
Just heard the rough mix of our Wandering Star cover in the studio.
Dark and raw, and the beat sounds amazing.
foramilliondollars you could get a LOT of flowers.
ik!
Like I wanted to say something about something with the Democratic party but andoctora snapped and I was like....well dang i
Life is moving fast, where the fuck do all these minutes go?
Can't wait for Justin's new single to come out!
Oh hey.
That was the CLOSEST to an actual show choir performance they've done!!
Finally!
Happy for you, Chris.
You seem very nice!
It smelled weird, but I decided to be adventurous and try something new.
BAD MOVE.
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you.
Denis Waitley
Congrats, Ryan!
haha next time!
; M thinking about heating sum up right now...
hahaha jp
2D QR bar codes.
Let them know what to expect.
Thank you!
I wanna take a shower so bad.
Been travelling the past 12 hours and will land in Singapore in the next few hours.
RT : we got a ustream today at 6pm EST with pizza, ninja turtles and from TUNE IN TURN ON
yeah they are talking about it cuz it's been mt since 08.
The city owes like 40 mil on it yet tho
Hey, I just met you And this is crazy But I have alzheimer's Hey I just met you
Home Sweet Massachusetts!
b BrazilLovesAustinMahone b
you could have came :
Just have to wait for May 7th I guess!
; I'm not giving anything away.
....big girls r fun, but they just can't run is what somebody said 2 me this morning!!!!!
Hahahahahahahahahahah!
I don't joke bigfoot, I don't know how to.
still can't find my contact in the depths of my eye.
: Love heals even the deepest wounds.
You're not helping me sell this, man.
no, i already have dinner plans :/ this weekend?
or next tuesday?
Great night last night to celebrate homecoming of two good friends for the weekend!
So blessed with all the great people in my life!!
I just want a really fucking attractive, sweet, nice guy who likes the same bands and is equally as retarded, to walk into my life.
Like now
ItsAmazingHow The late Tim Russert elevated Meet The Press to mustsee TV on Sunday mornings  how his death has devastated NBC News.
Flickr's problem is its middleroad nature.
It's not pro enough for real pros, and it fumbled casual mobile sharing.
I would love nothing more than to clean your dirty cock!
my cousin Raquel makes 18 on this month too awesome!!!!
xD
if the reds lose tomorrow do u see the firing dusty and brook jacoby?
because the owner has no patience.
Hm someone needs to mind their business
just watched my second Jennifer Aniston movie in four days...
should I be concerned?
Ready For next year :
Wow...feeling really daydoctoramy today.
I doubt I will be able to cut Amazon completely out of my life, but it definitely ensures I will never buy a Kindle.
we could make forever feel this way, don't you wanna stay
time to bear down
Lol i won't :P
's pannel  NARM2012 gave a great window into real solutions for new revenue.
Plus he is from Georgia.
Lauren was from Georgia and she was runnerup last year.
Phillip needs to take it.
Great Artist!
Hi Liz, we found a necklace.
I will email you a photo in 5 minutes.
Sorry about the late response getting back to you.
Niall
Feel like a semi just hit me
Clinton Chipotle needs a doctorve thru!
Do you mean April 19?
HUGE THANKS to all the cast  crew of CSWCPWOODS for a wonderful show!
Enjoy your well earned break before the show restarts !
Happy birthday WVU
lots of talk abt waiting 4 studio execs to age out for new models to emerge but zero talk about it being less white  male  the top
well ok am not gay but I do dig shopping with my exs knowing what am gonna be tearing off them later
you can fight with your parents all you want to but your NEVER going to win that
: Where there's a will
MileHighBowl is officially on the bring Peyton to Denver bandwagon.
Please pick our city and the Broncos!!!
Ed Robinson Nominated For Music Producer Of The Year
Many of the guys had been stealing 'Art in America' J.
Golden on 1980's graffiti writers love of art
Moroney: Undifferentiated content is a commodity.
Differentiation adds value and relevance.
are ya'll watching price is right together?
Awwwwwwh : Did he reply?
He's at Elitches.
Did your school's seniors go too?
Shut up
hands down outback.
thanks for the S/O!
Sat in w/Bill Mays  the Deer Head 2nite.
I've been waitin' 2 hit w/him,  it was a solid blast!
What a great musician.
Ck him out.
trust your intuition.
be true to your intention.
This cold is kicking my ass
I don't have time for this; yet, I need to do this.
how i've missed it here!
tasty capp made by
yum, just made fresh watermelon juice!
I saw you were in the books : can't wait to meet you!
come in with your hair down  doctor so I can cut your hair doctor!
bro I fucking love you thank you!
This shit happens everyday
Christie Whitman says air is safe days after 911
is preparing for the Management Consulting Seminar in Grenoble, France.
we going to the ATl may19th
hahahaha thats what you get for letting me have your phone ;
Henry Ford who once said, If you think you can or you think you cant, you are right.
Think about the truth in that and then act on it!
Quick poll.
Tell us or if you use your phone to scan QR Codes.
Please RT and use eyechat tag.
Thanks so much for your help!
No class from the Canadiens
Happy 2012.
May it be an enjoyable and prosperous year for everyone!
Boardwalk empire exceeded my expectations in every way...
brilliant
After wearing jeans for so long, shorts feel weird.
He probably does cuz i put stress on him....its my fault  i dont want him doing it
The Avengers!
c:
yea i guess its easy to blame jmo.
he's frequently intoxicated, easily confused and doesn't have a twitter lol
The snow last week had me worried, but my peas  arugula are sprouting!
SHOUTOUT TO Everyone go follow her she's AMAZING!!
We got one of mister Ewing that said I'd motorboat that :D
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough
Trying to sleep!!
TeamFollowBack Happy All Saints Day!
...oh wait, nobody celebrates the original holiday that begat halloween.
you're all posers.
Bout to upload a new video to utube go check me out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
Just sat on a cactus.
And this time not on purpose.
Man so bored!!...
Im on christmas break and I been stittin on the couch for the past few days!!
you would.
join them!!
rock on!!
:: Girls motorcycle gang just sped by.
powerful
Astrid Alauda To be seventy years young is sometimes far more cheerful and hopeful than to be forty years old.
nice!!
Where r u!?
Good night Lady!
What's good man!
Whose comin out?!
Can't wait!
Up next at our first annual !
I had Nutella for breakfast today so it's going to be a good one.
Boutta sit rooftop and eat cheese popcorn
Hi Nicholas, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Join me in opening your own business for 39.95!!
Helping others get fit and healthy!!
A loving person lives in a loving world.
A hostile person lives in a hostile world.
Everyone you meet is your mirror
Come be laZy with me..
Get in the bed n let me cuddle you!!
:
Picking our winners shortly!
Announcement: we're recruiting for the Miss United States 2012 National Pageant!
Jr Teen, Teen, Miss  Ms Divisions cc:
When the product is right, you dont have to be a great marketer.
Lee Iacocca
I too am glad to see them out enjoying Paris but holy fuck too many papz waiting jerkoffs ParisLovesRobsten lol
ha!
doctorve me Crazy?
Classic.
should we take them for polish?
yum
Today ask yourself, What can you do for someone else besides yourself?
yup since yesterday
Smith  Brady in favor of congestion charges ...
Some folks call them tolls
argyle socks are my absolute favorite kind of socks
The more I think about it, so am I!
hot dogs in rice cookers
Oh man.
I got so used to crappy Will Ferrell projects I forgot how awesome he was on SNL, and is right now.
Don't know what i was thinking.
Pho 777 it is.
Thanks
The next 50 people to follow my Twiiter follower Will get 10 SOLO shoutouts to his 80,000 followers!
his tweets are funny
I'll see you this week.
We better be pushing a car.
I'm seeing a podcast here which I haven't listened to, but I seem to remember reading something too.
Checking starred tweets
With leaders in NYC hearing great reports from leaders on awakening in the US!
Wow!!
FreshersDestination: IBM Interview Questions
I think you might on another account.
I'll email you later tonight!
Happy happy happy
HOW ARE YOUU?!
looking forward to yet another great class with your insider expertise!
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
12
I can't believe you gonna sell your stuff
The same niggas tweet me  I still ignore them !
lol Its not bc im STUCK UP or Think Im the shit  but Its Annoying !
ha, right!
Still can't figure how Cheryl Miller keeps her job!!!
Africa test.
I stepped on a huge banana slug this morning  almost died!
I was wearing flip flops  it smashed between my toes.
Orlando bugs are huge!
interesting question!
there must be something before Baillie...
Cuddle buddy needed!!!
Any takers?
Yes!
playing Thriller!
Decent head start on this 3 hour doctorve.
I was so hoping it was, in fact, a miracle but then I blinked and my eyelid stuck to my eyeball.
Oh well...
Steven, you're following the wrong guy.
IMO home schooling in many cases borders on child abuse.
Standing room only at apps at scale panel....
Congrats to the Chiefs with win over Denver.
Still remember the whupping SportingKC delivered to Denver.
What a Rocky Mountain High!
: BTW I would like to see Kobe get his 6th Ring.......
shrugs I'm a fan too
Prob'ly because we're so used to gulping coffee on the way to work, and tea takes a while to steep.
Since Obama took office, private sector jobs decreased by 2,000,000, while federal govt employment INCREASED by 147,000!
Wrong way, Barry.
Getting ready for our big Extreme Yard Makeover tomorrow.
Lots of members of the community are coming out to help a very deserving family
Thanks for tweeting!
I wish I was there at
Wow I'm so stupid!
Hahaha!
niggas in the trap full as a bitch
f it's meant to happen, then it will.
With the right person, at the right time
ILikeObamaCare because the health of US citizens should be more important then insurance company professorts.
you call everyone else fake when your the fakest of them all....
So, if you haven't yet, you should try the Black Cherry flavor  Fenway.
So creamy and delicious!
We have all been placed on this earth to discover our own path, and we will never be happy if we live someone else's idea of life.
Sometimes saying sorry is the most expensive thing, but it's the cheapest way of getting a priceless effect.
Man All I Want Is My BOYFRIEND  Thats It
totally agree!
LOL well the Death Star was about to roll off the desk ; RT : Hey That is not my little ball that is the Death Star damn it!
Successful day at town center with jo:
As a former waitress, all of you tweeting IHateWhenMyWaiter should spend a month waiting tables.Then u can talk.
Look  the contrasts.
The same day reports on 's troubling path, reports inspiring a movement
Morning tweeps!
Had a lush relaxing weekend!
Now for another busy week on the !
cannotwait!
i gotta talk to youu!
B/c I love you and we've been together for over a year now.
We are constantly talking.
How can you not be on my mind 24/7?
Because I fell asleep at 5 yesterday..
haha
It's time to start thinking about your company's holiday party.
We have 2 private rooms that can accomdate up to 125 people!
im having a show on march 31 too at the citrus festival
Set them straight
Congrats!
RT OUR NEW BEAVER DAM ANIMART STORE OPENS TODAY!
Stop in  check out the 7,000 sq ft store at 1600 N Spring St!
why does he hate u?
The Bahamas bucks in frisco is shit.
Had to create a new twitter account .....
havnt been on n like 4 eva
im gonna go wally backman on his ass
Love my username
Getting a headache from the ink in a tabloidsized trade magazine I'm reading.
How toxic is this stuff, anyway?
Blech.
Amazing to watch this unraveling take place in such a public format.
Blog to follow on on Monday.
I know your tears more then you.
Cause I've seen the too much.
Hey, Bay View  we need about 5,000 empty PBR cans.
Start saving up and redeem them for some PBR gear.
More details to follow...
Got Customer using sending Aux Copies to our
it seriously is one of the best investments you'll ever make.
Mine was 100 used.
So worth it.
Check out the Red Witch too...
Hoping the good news fairy visits Dana now after she just visited me!
SaySomethin love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
36
Every time it comes on I watch one of my favorite films everyone should take the time  watch the best can't stop laughing
I know right.
I love y'all too.
But them brownies 
Rise and shine loves!
Come see us today Mequon 113 and Third Ward 123
ok why would this person be mean to you for nothing.
he/she just called you a meanie and i am trying to...
More confidence, love it RT: 621 RT : We're taking guesses for Friday's league, don't forget to guess!
tweets about getting Internet back at work, gets fired for tweeting at work
Thanks for the mention!
wanna fly to florida?
we can go to the beach together:
I just want to hold your hand and just be cute with you forever .
look at you tweeting away ;
I'm okay with Lexie dying since my doctoram marriage on Grey's is Mark/Arizona/Callie.
It could work.
Let's get this surgery over with
i don't wanna go upstairs cause my parents will find out that i stayed up too late!
FF Old school college newspaper pals making it big edition
I can eat any food item I want to eat sir.
Hey girly, how are you?
Sorry, I haven't been on lately...
so did the storm pass or something???
We are getting started with a public hearing on the Budget Request Act of 2013.
demoday happening, usually 80 chaff, 15 not sure and maybe 5 wheat
Marx makes look tiny.
I want to go so bad but if I went I wouldn't be able to get completely buck in Cali!
Miss you!
Final Golfer rehearsal at HCC
and I led the way to the fall of the the soviets in the battleof84 ping pong match.
This match lasted 38 hours We don't remember it
It's a hot one today!
whoa whoa!
I'll look it up!!
Woop.
Nobody in this restaurant told that guy at the bar to stop smoking...
Probably because he was masturbating.
New years; really?
Why r we still celebrating?
re: desk I'm sure it has something to do with more or fewer Simpsons figurines, but I've never figured out the actual formula...
El patron in stone is banging mexican for lunch if u dig Mexican food go there across from walmart
If you can dodge an egg you can dodge a ball
Suitcase Opera Update: Why can't I finish this freakin' aria?
I complain too much.
beautifuldaytoday.
: thanks for the party/gig last night 
Susan, thank you so much for tweeting all these today!
I missed 6 though.
:
Did i overreact..:/
Forgiveness is the answer in all of our growing.
RT White Rabbits tonight!
18 tix avail  box office when doors open  8pm for 14 CASH ONLY White Rabbits  10pm
I agree!
: Aw damn, He either cold or homeless!
RT : this nigga got on two winter hats!
OMG
Panel on Big Data on Campus this afternoon at Microsoft Cloud Computing workshop at UCB: Michael Franklin, Arie Shoshani, Cathryn Carson
dunno what
as long as we get a quality receiver for him to throw to, I'm fine with it.
Pointless otherwise though.
I doubt the company will reimburse me for unauthorized charges, though..
Why do people decide to change?
I hope you don't mind, I will be adding a couple of your sketches to a wall in my office.
It needs a touch of sassy!
I totally agree.
Smart girl!
Why can't my life be normal
FLYFEST on MAY 19TH!
With ESG, Jackie Chain, Sean Price, HW FLOSS, etc.
Oh, and ME!
Lol
misterObama still confident about economy of USA
LeBron missed two free throws in a row?
MVPs don't do that.
Omg finally Arely :
that's so powerful and so true!
I'm having Lucky Charms and soda for breakfast, because I am an adult.
An adult who works at
Thank you for the RT!
Sorry, I can't tell you.
: I counted yesterday with others and don't have the overall info.
Of course the first time I show my mom what omega is it's one of those guys wackin it!
Happy Last Day of August...aka..the real last day of summer!
that's deep!
: If I don't get any exercise today,I'll be mad.
So we are going now....
Leggo!
TeamFitness all day every day
Texans at 7.
Get in here!
If Lilly's significantly increased production is any indicator, it's raspberry season.
nick !!!!!!!!
I saw you in ABDC yesterday :D yeah I died 3:
Awake about to get ready for a 5K fundoctoriser in Miami  AreasonToRun
20ThingsILove tall guys :
NOT EVEN AN INTERVIEW.
just an opening day : still scared though, i think my friend charlie is coming with me...
thanks for spreading the word about our Happy Hour details!
Appreciate it!
I'm ready to party ;
hot hot I want that
Big difference between Manchester and Barcelona!
If you're a footy fan, then Manchester.
For sparkle  then Barcelona :
me, dom, beau, rob the producer and paul the sports director make up the 10tv sports twitterers
New This Week  Six jobs, two online learning opportunities, and one grant.
Find them on the Programming Librarian home page.
xD and i noticed in ur vid u have braces now ?
xD
BRO YOU GET A BREAK AT THE END!
vegetarians need you!
do I know u??
My phone battery died and I could not find the back up.
Found it!
So here comes a ton of tweets from me D
Trump's rules are about juicy doctorma for tv ratings.
For crying out loud: Amarosa  exhibit A.
:p
Aww...I love u too sis!
sorry no follow back
Barack Obama emails me more than NASPA and ACPA.
First time for everything.
mi photo en mi phone!!
Spring has sprung.
The pastry case is crammed full of pastels.
Awesome.
RT Can't believe David Stern vetoed the Tim Tebow deal.
it sounds like there's some crazy british stuff going on
I honestly don't know what it means?
This is the most adorable thing I've ever seen
My run went a it better today mainly because of the music I was listening to.
Thank god for intense songs.
In the studio with j n s vibes
Seriously.
Time is money.
RT : Dear , where do I cash in my 15,000 tweets?
I'm ready to go home now.
yes that's what i was talking about, i forgot to say i was with yah, haha it was so creepy!
I followed
Hip hop has gotten so horrible they literally had to resurrect tupac to get people hype again lol
RT : Gov Perry considering firing UT Prez Bill Powers b/c he opposes tuition freeze?
Powers is 10x the leader Perry will ever be.
Would a hater do a cannon ball at 2am?
RT All I know is is being a hater....
The potential upside of running with scissors does not out weigh the risks.
My husband and I divorced over religious differences.
He thought he was God and I didn't
Hope everyone had a lovely Easter!
3 keep on supporting !
LOL but we don't!
:D If we did we'd be tweeting every 15 seconds which equates to 5,760 times each day!
;
Another day at 54F!
Who else LOVES living in the Land of Enchantment?
Best weather  EVER.
Have a great day  ride on!
I hate games like this playin against your opponent and the refs
Going to bed sober Ugh !!
Gn fb and good morning workers.
Me and jay day
Follow the next female super star DeeJay Dj Jacky Beats
mister Khalifa and mister Miller on repeat.
I fight with peace  resolving my problems instead of resorting to violence  spiteful actions.
I really feel bad for today.
I know he put so much into the Brebeuf basketball program.He did a wonderful job leading the Braves
YES!
i hate tht
u stay at work.
Every time I go there u there
only love for you to lol
Why do bad people prey on the good ones?
Together is a wonderful place to be
I tried to call u.
it is what it is.
I need my loot asap .We sue around here.
Call me so we dnt expose ur financials and all that.
please follow
we do this twitter shit for real.
Most Dedicated Parents in the Animal Kingdom Lets take a look at those species!
looking at this mixtape cover and...Paul Wall Might be damn near 70 years old!!
Keith Jones makes absolutely no sense.
He says it should be a penalty on the ice  but then basically argues that it was a clean play.
Hey San Diego!
There are amazing things on the rise!
Details will be coming soon!
and we have a WINNER!!!
Why hello there :
Get here in the lobby by 6:15pm.
I like this city, wish I had time to enjoy it.
Ah, gotcha.
I like the sound of that.
Where do Panchero's even exist?
He lives right between Morehead and the projects...
or whatever people call those freaking apartments x
Wondering why you don't have blog subscribers?
The subscribe button on your website doesn't work.
They should do a we wish they were in a memorial montage montage.
I'll start: Steven seagal
not my idea, but I fully agree with it.
Isnt it time that Duane Below become a starter.
Leyland blew it off when asked earlier this week
You're too unforgiving of a small mishappening, which is your fault to begin with.
You should be hating yourself instead of hating me.
Who is on your coaching roster?
needmoretweets : Waves
Local 19 wishes everyone a happy and safe holiday weekend.
ok thanx :D
NO WAY!
I thought it was my internet connection from Portland!
I was screaming to Comcast Customer Service after hours!
LOL
good morning!
rip ADAM YAUCH
Oh no.
You OK?
Most excellent, Shannon!
The force is strong with this one!
Thanks for coming by Maury event!
We got asked to do an encore show Thursday night at HOB in Dallas!
Come hang out with us from 79!
Mythbusters proved it!
RT : Did U know a glass of whole milk cn giv a person a .02 blood alcohol on a Breathalyzer test?
Just watched a full power rangers super samurai......
They are all great guest hosts!
You seem to know what works, Lisa!
Call it murda' murda' , when you smoke my killlllllla'.
Filming for Odd Sqodd!
I love it!
Thank you doctora!
Same to you!
; Nice to see ya hear
I was having kind of a crummy day.
And then I got your card  sandwich shop poem.
3
You like being single ?
Why you lying ?
UK set the national championship game record for most blocked shots with 11.
I hate when I accidentaly twit my texts too
Been shooting way too much with my iPhone.
Blog coming soon...
Working on an application video to show how easy it is to apply an Inkdt guitar skin!
Looking at your show which I do every night.
Good Job.What Skaky Oneal gave you from inside his crotch?Thats nasty germy stuff
Great new songs by the ultracool band available now in the ProShow Web music library!
merely having a seat at the table does not make you a diner, you must partake of the food  aaron jordan debate
All the stories I'm hearing today about LED lights in DC alleys talk abt completion of the project, but this must mean in ltd area, right?
I've come to react so poorly to people whining about being bored.
Which is an activity, in of itself, which requires free time.
finally got to burnin some shit
Visio: a UX guy, Publisher: a small business owner, Access: a wannabe DBA, Groove: a soontobe unemployed guy.
All I want for my birthday is a trippy stick
Funny how excited folks get for 38 degrees.
Im lol tweets right now !
So true .....
its ur birthday?
what is a good name for a puppy?
Jess tweet tweet budd
I love when trolls decide to troll you in a dungeon, and then complain about you when u tell them to stop bitching!
Listening to WMYB at the loudest it can go!!!
And singing super loud cuz no one is home!!!!!!!!!!
Followed back thanks : And I like the Packers too so :P
Uh, no.
That sounds a little off from what we're going for, which is deliciousnes.
John Terry will always be a fantastic leader and captainin regardless.
Proud to see him lift the trophy.
Hold a book in your hand and you're a pilgrim at the gates of a new city.Anne Michaels
Man !
I'm Tired Of Bitches Playing With My Emotions .
Tacoma baptist OL and badgers commit Walker Williams made the flight out for the spring game
i just download episodes of TVD and seeders are numbers of downloaders,it has 25000 in a site.:
If you want to send a prayer...
there's an app for that!
www.birdofprayer.org.
Good night!
i'm sure he could.
I just want to see it on someone else before I'd do mine.
New facebook admins coming soon...
Too much going on to take care of everything needed and not needed!
Rapid Protect, A Company Focused On Mobile Based Safety, Security And Collaboration, Announces Major Update Of Its ...
the way took a stand on bullying should have done the same thing last year!
there are a lot of other people that want to go to Hawaii...
CHARLES BARKLEY, Chill cuz Im TORN  U DONT make it NO better talkin shit bout my
Shouldn't have worked all day.
Suffering for it now
An early welcome from 30 Days to Life.
geospatial would be mapping  visualizing networks and creating place among quakers during american revolution.
I use many names, but my favorite is mommy.
Happy Mother's Day!
2 tweets ago !
Bongs rips on the toilet
I wish I could go to the Ed Sheeran/Snow Patrol concert tonight.
The Superbowl is tomorrow!!!
Who are you rooting for...
Patriots or Giants?!
Hey guys, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering
Celebrating Momma's 75th Birthday!
I HATE YOU!
Isotonix Isochrome provides a powerful dose of chromium, to help maintain healthy blood sugar blood cholesterol levels...
: So much for getting the pool warm!
needs more pee...round up the toddlers!
Looking forward to it!
Appreciate the RT, thank you!
No.
DIdn't quite trust the atmosphere.
Hadn't been here before.
This is quite the place complete w/wifi and starbucks!
hearing yourself sing in the shower and wondering why you haven't made an album yet ;
ah dang, sucks!
alrighty then.
its better 4 a girl 2 sleep 100 years  be kissed  awakened by the right prince than 2 stay awake  b kissed 100 times by the wrong frog 3
so purty boys....
any update on Tramon Williams?
Great game by Rob Wilson!
Apparently Badgers named R.
Wilson come up huge in big games
I just noticed that five letter URL in your description and signed up this afternoon  I'm looking forward to the invite
nccetl peer coaching of tech integration in every Asian country except Burma
Crumbs in bed...wups...blodwyn Friday
I honestly don't understand this tweet.
You're tired so you're not obligated to make sense?
And I should cut you slack?
WOW, that's weird because i have an I at the end if my last name and u did that today.
ya i just forget : prob should just not take them.
I believe there's a heaven but I also believe there's a hell.
peanut mm's are the only thing within reach.....
I guess they'll do.
I really shouldn't wake the baby lol
Hung up on somebody who i used to know.
We liked last night's filet mignon special so much, we're having it again!
Caught up on yo ex girl, I can get you past it
19 bands on Wednesday and then got up today to find that I won tix to Springsteen private show at 7PM.
Should be great....only at SXSW !!
doctoram girl : likes doctor pepper, skateboarding, knows who LaaLaa is.
doctorsses girly, will help cook, can tolerate me/ my music.
very disappointed right now...
Where's the heart??
They better show up on Saturday!
THANK YOU for all your support!
XO J
I wouldn't put it past 'em either  until your tweet I didn't realize I cared about the old rag!
You are what you tweet.
I love lamp.
I knoww:
Sally, pattern of virtue looks just wrong
Playing a blue alien on a scifi show called MERCS tonight...
I love this kind of acting gig!!
she couldnt handle it
Can Yuh Please Give Me A Shoutout!:
:: exicted much for the IPL opening ceremony : ::.
I thought that was their thing
The wind is crazy out there!
So tired.
My body is exhausted.
My poor muscles :
Great turnout for our Charter 101 seminar in Kansas City tonight!
It's clear KC is seeking more charter options for the community.
is that really your pic after you worked out?
3333
I failed a spelling test in 3rd grade, because they asked me to spell AMAZING, and I put down my name.
IBCA's SuperBowlRelatedBeefFact: 1 cowhide can make 20 footballs.
It takes close to 3000 hides for one season.
That's 60,000 footballs!
Friday afternoon  lots to do  headphones.
Light at the end of the tunnel: with tonight.
I'll try to never hurt you.
But I promise to stay by your side.
Even if you just want to buy TShirts for yourself NOBODY can beat our custom single TShirt prices!
NOBODY!
Making sausage biscuits for breakfast yum!
a few years before a diagnosis is made.
2/2
Can't wait to see my girl tomorrow on BBW you and that damn is something else.
Caps should seriously look into trading Ovechkin.
Dead outside at this time!
best time to go running
Arrive.
RAISE HELL.
Leave.
Stone Cold Steve.
Who u know will put u on and what u know will determine how long you will stay there
Trivia Tuesday starts tonight at 9 p.m.!
Bring your smarts...or else.
: The worst feeling in the world is watching the one you love, love someone else
Hey DU Students!
If you're at tonight's DUMLAX game, share pictures on our Facebook page!
We want to see your Pioneer Spirit!
u calling me fat?
Lol
Playing at Radius Cafe in San Francisco at 8pm...for my birthday!
See you there???
I like when something is so fantificent that you have to make up a whole new word to describe it.
we are perfectly okay with this too   Please keep spinning!
This is the true joy of life, the being used up for a purpose recognized by yourself as a mighty one
In SF, getting ready to discuss with 70 teachers the complexity and importance of teaching the Holocaust.
May Day: Just another holiday?
Daily Star Online
I attended SQLSaturday 131 in Chandler, AZ, Saturday, April 28th; met some great people; learned a lot; and even won an Xbox in the raffle!
Been sayin it for a while..
will be the number 1 pick next year
In arkansas
lol!
U is crazy
A most unobjectionable position!
getting a retweet is kinda like getting one of those long line blocks in tetris...
It's early, I'm up, and yes I am getting breakfast followed by a nap and a workout....
And his evolving stance on marr equality is a big step from where every other POTUS has been, even from where he was in 2008
sorry to have missed meeting you irl at
RT 5 simple tips from on getting kids excited about books: go.pbs.org/5mQEO
what happens to a system thinker when the system crashes?
Summertime and the livin is easy.
Fish are jumpin and the cotton is high...
Taking a break from my mountain of homework to watch 's documentary.
: probably the only time I'll be watching MTV.
Sunday wild far
they doing something for this note pad that will do something for either an album, script or my book.
they not bad thoughts :
True?
RT : Strange, and not funny at all, but there were conflicting reports surrounding the death of John Wooden too.
Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas and Happy and Prosperous 2010!
Don't want to give away too much, but here's a hint on where our annual gala will be held: both blue whales  dinosaurs call this home...
Nf , can I get a follow back
Wow.
The Quicken Loans commercials keep getting more painful with each new one.
only has 2 books about Lincoln Heights.
One in Reference, one in Rare Books.
But how many books are there about Hollywood?
Has a line coming to Target  Oh Glory day.
Best thing to ever happen.
smashing ur brother in tennis actually.
Legs crossed towards each other unequivocal sex invite.
I'm loving the fact that this year's fantasydoctorft league is just PPVs.
Scoring every RAW and SmackDown was a major doctorg.
When you blow your nose and your boogers are green...
Sicky :/
DEMI.
HOW DARE YOU BE A JUDGE WHEN IM NOT AUDITIONING.
YOU SUCK.
I'm cooking you fried bat wings with rhino balls and hot tiger shit!
LMAO!!!
Are we talking about early English writers like Smollett, Sterne etal?
You're cool
Looking forward to working towards my blue belt in Brazilian Jujitsu!
Oussu!
Team GFT brazil for the win!
Twitter Tuesday!
Today our special is Cherrybrook Vanilla Frosting Mix!
Use coupon code CBVanMx15Off.
Spread the love :
Yeah, pretty intimidating dude.
If shes' taking Shoulder up pics..or pics that look like she holding up the camera...lol!!
SHe's FatAssShit lol
I am SOLD.
Just ordered 's Limited Edition Puzzle Cube.
It's so cute!
3
nothing, how about you?
Heres my real account, which has a picture of me:
Time to meditate and get in touch w my inner maverick to guide me.
FUCK I JUST CRACKED MY PHONE SCREEN OMG OMG OMG I'M DEAD FUCK U TOUCH SCREEN PHONES.
the knee high was great  delicious cocktails and pretzels!
I don't play second option.
You either choose me or you lose me.
Great!
MT Hey LA!
A sweeping ban on plastic grocery bags went into effect July 1 for unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County.
Long birthday weekend, but it was a good one
ah k im out peace!
:
My timeline is filled with tweets from thanks to
im really loving character modelling, zbrush is probably my weapon of choice learning maya too
ThatPastEx who always comes back after messing around with all your friends :P
We all have a family member who think they're a professorssional photographer.
Eek.
Sounds terrible.
Just downloaded a book on my new Kindle...thank you BAE!
5.
Pistachio Ice Cream: Only successful ice cream with the syllable 'Piss' attached.
Usually that doesn't work.
Pistachio proves us wrong.
Hopefully things can only go one way from here.
Time to unload the kiln!
More fun millefiori for Craftstravaganza tomorrow!
Lakers win!
I wish we had rondo thou he's a beast!
Those Jeremy Scott gorilla sneakers are the worst.
I have quite the combination of fans that I am following now and it's starting to scare me, lmao!
That was the best acceptance speech in history.
We all have the key to happiness, its all up to us to open the door or close it.
The choice is in out hands.
for the follow
A Modern Family episode tonight
sslive knowledge workers are the primary source of innovation.
Almost time for the best show on Mob Wives
Lets knuckle up and guard yo grill cuz its real..
Just got to my gma house n they making fish n grits  today is gonna be a good day!!!!
topic for video today?
Agree with  a classic!
Guess that's why I couldn't find her
Jim Rohn once noted that in order to have more you have become more.
chilling in the T, bored as fuck, you going out tomorrow?
Miracle time please...
TURN THE HUMANS LOOSE  Release 10 of the Millions of Humans LockedUp at HistoricHigh USA Rates since 1776.
USA Campaign
Big thanks to the Friends of Mount Vernon Place volunteers who helped plant the beautiful design in the North Park!
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're filiming that into a movie too.
What about Houston, other than his name, makes you think he'll ever start at UW?
u r so beautiful!!
u and both r just gorgeous!!3
3WordsForYou we're worth it :
Not a good sign for 2012...
I think the record voter in 2008 won't be the same in 2012...
I was going to ask the same about Thai, but I can do Fuddoctorckers.
Come on Clippers yall almost there !!!!!!!!
Anyone know when the LOC twitter archive will be usable by regular folks?
Agile Publication Model May Establish Openness Protocol for Many Traditional Systems agile publishing for textbooks?
not sure may be moving our son home from school tomorrow evening I'll find you tomorrow
Thanks for listening!
I'm glad you're enjoying our Fincher series.
hook them horns m/
mayweather is a beast
you may be living in Dallas but I know your cheering for Jack for Portland.
Plus he is in Titan green!!!
You beat me in a rap battle tho ; RT : my rapping name is kmoney ;
part of a 5 print portfolio from Theodoor von Hoytema in 1898.
Fantastic and rare.
But I am kicking myself for forgetting to press record on both my audio recorder and video camera
Of course I did.
Did you?
I'm telling you...
I need a Christian Grey in my life to put me in check.
Sigh.
Tick tock!!!
Sounds like a good night!
RT : Only 72 minutes until I'm finally off work.
Then it's the doctors, gym ...
hey, thanks for tweeting 's post
Thanks to for always having our table for meetings!
When a girl cry, please don't ask her questions.
Just hug her tight and let her know everything is going to be okay.
the wendy's frosties are so good.
Its basically ice cream but better!
Opponents hit the ball hard off of Tomlin.
He gives up a ton of homers.
Hopefully he can hit his spots tonight.
thanks for the shout out!
Don't believe half the shit u telln me
for once I agree with the Prez...kayne west is a jackass!...layoff the cognac...
That feeling of knowing you fucked up 
Looks like I'm opening up for you when you play at LMU in a few weeks!
Hey Power Playette!
How about neext week?
and are gonna burn you to the ground tonight at 10pm after Opening Night.
I'm with Reese.
Overboard will always perk you up.
: This is polluted society buddy.
who caught on camera while steeling the store.
he got felicitated..
wow.
thank you for taking faith in me!
It means so much to me!
You sweep a woman off her feet, not only by stealing her heart, but by giving her your heart.
...
if the sources are correct, this speaks to some very, very sloppy reporting on things that ....
what the hell have i been talking about lol
Get me out of here!!
dont know how I really feel about sitting thru 3 hrs of Phillip Glass at the Met this eve...
haha im sorry but that made me laugh XD
I didn't sleep well had too much on my mind so I just listened to music lol
Obsessed with Turnpike Troubadours right now.
I'd heard them before but it never clicked til recently.
So good!
SHOUTOUT TO Cashing Out is on the radio in Ocala, FL..
come perform here soon..
salute..
love to see 'em come up!!
Loved your article about technology in the Upper Valley...
oh, so true.
Mountain biking only for me.
My body structure does not support spandex yet ;
By the power of Twitter, I got Call Me Maybe played at Target Field tonight.
The awkward moment when i was walking towards my friend to tell him hi and i tripped
its running Sportscenter
I barely saw it a week ago and loved it.
omg I love ur avi!!!!
How r u my lady??
Maybe.
At least GB can say they finished 1 measly game behind the Bears and had to play 1 extra playoff round, all on road.
It's fantastic that they're making two fantasy movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
I bet you're looking for
PeopleLikeUs hate people
RT : Your true friends are the ones you went to Walmart with .
And had SO .
MUCH .
FUN .
One of those days where I'm reminded of how much I love my job  being a librarian  added bonus, I got to talk about DDC with 5th graders.
These goalies are bad!
Hi!
Mag ad revenue are down, also readership down, and paper and shipping costs went up.
I realized today that while I love GH, it's more like a vacay to me, while Days is home.
But I can't go home without you!
Bodybuilding Anatomy  Californiashop.co
Looks like I'm in baseball mode again, it seems like I just got out of football/hockey mode.
Sports fandom is exhausting!
Well done guys...Fun to watch!
JBSOMEDAY it is true a real man knows what a lady likes and surely is a real mann;
Addicted to SocialMedia, smartphones?
Hear the latest on how it could be connected to psych disorders
GONE TO SEE MUH MOVIE!
How do you advertise?
Television and the Internet are the two most successful ways, websites with video hold attention 6 times longer.
FACT
292 you all fit like a nice Jimmy Choo shoe!
Take a shot for me bhm!
Lol
Good morning people!!!
Yo!!
Thanks for following me!!!
Best of luck with acting!!
So glad you enjoyed your visit...come see us again!
Thanks for allowing me to share...
why do you have a problem with me , when i dont even know you ?
Of course they are...
I missed u by like 5 hrs in boston.
Here with cooper right now.
Whereu at????
No schadenfreude about Mariano Rivera O's fans.
Karma scares me.
Mm eating slushies and eating Goldfish watching scary movies!
lindsay lohan looks flawless.
Spoon  Got Nuffin  05:28 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
register for free now
don't worry, you didn't miss anything; stuff you already know I assume
At least you get to introduce twitter to the fact we have a bar with that name
HOW MANY LIKE FOR  CHOP MY MONEY   AKON  PSQUARE
Gonna miss he was such a good roommate and seriously my best friend
We have two original Saul Williams pieces next week.
An interview  editorial on his unique models of distribution.
Must reads
Of all the freeriders, revolving door freeriders are the worst.
Thanks for helping feed some needy pooches!
I can't wait for college now freshstart :
Yea CUSE is gonna lose to KState...
Howd that one work out for you all?
so much material in just one country
Tweet me a random word  I'll tell you what I like about you or your account!
Hilarious  Bubbles already taken!:
yeah..
its awesome.
thanks for sharing!
Today sucks
Shit...the Lakers won??
Alright National Guard and riot police....you're up!
Storms have closed Goodman Pool, 325 Olin Ave.
Staff will try to reopen the pool at 4p.m.
I'm determined to start this day off better than the last few.
Been feeling burnt out lately.
This is a wise choice.
CMchat A5 When it's compelling, informative/fun/inspirational/powerful storytellingthey stay, if it's BORING listeners LEAVE
new twitter, change professorle pick to anything but the egg kid!
I WANNA JAM WIT U
A friendly remind to SPAY and NEUTER!
Pet overpopulation is out of control.
is meeting a man on Monday about booking the Moving On CD release party!!!
Beautiful art gallery at NTC Promenade near downtown San Diego available to rent for your special event, workshop or show.
8582054354
i think MG left himself wide open with his piece..
i think Mike has left himself wide open to this critique with crunchfund
I was wondering about that billboard when I saw it a few days ago actually!
it won't let me follow her
....bitch u stupid
Gym time
all you have to do is believe.3
how many are they allowed a year?
Sigh.
Some people bring out the worst in me.
Or the Mama Bear side.
If no one says swag anymore, what do they say?...
Going to Boston to shoot a short.
Basketball game!
: with
A brew from Jolly Pumpkin Ales called Oro de Calabaza has to sound intriguing.
Come give it a try!
ThoughtsDuringSchool just kill me now..
Check the Thursday NewsGraphic Homes for registration form to the SC Ninth Grade Spring Craft Spectacular, March 24 from 9 a.m.
4 p.m.
Great to meet you too.
Transit of Venus should come up more often.
Maybe someone will raise the script from the dead.
Lots of ladies lunching at Panera.
Also, me.
have I not been hyping the Waffle Crisp Mocha enough to be the onestop shop for holiday specials at the ??
No one up at this time, to talk to..
is Jimmy wearing a snood ???
www.theaterconnects.com has relaunched!
Beautiful, Amazing and about 1/8 finished.
But check it out!
how about a street dance on main st.
OH YEAH!
HHB 427, fourth floor : where is your office located in heritage?
I'm looking forward to tommorrow night.
Go Team Faber!!!!
Thank you for coming out for my bday!
S M U R F S 3 CUTE HUH?.
umm movies later hit me up?
;3 melody out :
You should come celebrate w/ us!
Look out 4 us on GMAZ this Sun talking about the how fro yo is the next ice cream!
Wisconsin in 2 months.
Get better every day...RT Ran dixon today with the squad!
Congratulations to Trisha Caldwell...the Winner of the iPod Shuffle!
Officially declared a major in ArtHistory and Classics.
Someone hold me and tell me everything will be alright.
:
May you Rest In Peace iwillalwaysloveyou 3
3 Mariano: Put it down.
Write it down in big letters.
I'm not going down like this.
God willing and given the strength, I'm coming back.
a Taurus happens to be good in bed..hm whistles
I want you to win even if you're not in the first 3 just for that answer :
Not feeling good....
any other team besides the , i'd bet  that it wouldn't have been that harsh.This will weed out the bandwagon fans at least
What is the next bog thing?
happy friday Twitterverse!
Heading to my daughter's school for Read Across America.
Morning, y'all.
LOL.
If you were to see it twice before it came out, that might be described as obsessed.
: I hope it was better than Bruno
Who wants the new May 2012 mix from your favorite dj???
HANDS UP!
follow me cause I'm cool like that and maybe we can be friends and you know tweet n stuff :
I've had a lot of thoughts running through my head
Yes!
Please try ropa vieja, a Cuban, conch fritters, and a slice of Key lime pie while there.
And visit
missamerica no magic show talent, weak!
FF University of Michigan Depression Center
They your husband...
I said she's your problem now...
Because I'm done with her.
For those of you who are in LA, is coming to town!
Check it out on Sept 29 at the Bigfoot Crest Theater in Westwood, CA
Instagram worth 1billion less than 2 years.
Kodak bankrupt after 113 years.
haven't announced a date yet but it'll be pretty soon, just workin out the details.
Did you make it to the one on Saturday ?
yu need to hurry up
Trying to decide if it'd be cool to be friends with an astrologer.

great partner of wfgmorg They elevate voices  needs of women in Memphis  ShelbyCo.Legends Award Art Exhibit in their lobby now!
Wondering which beer pairs best with your NewMexicanSoulFood?
Ask your server.
We hired them because they're smart!
How much I miss the beach
It's Tuesday and the whole staff is here!!
Whoo hoo!!
Wearing my Louis Tomlinson outfit : it's actually very comfortable!!
I might doctorss like Louis more often : teehee!!
Q: what will bring real estate back?
Snow: the states with biggest boom had biggest fall.
States that were steady are still steady
I got that to for them lol I believe in them all the way
Good morning!
: Enjoy Patrice O'Neal's special tonight.
RIPPatrice I hadn't seen this...hilarious.
Team trivia tonight was sweet 15 teams Let's make it 25 next week.
I forgot...
Curtis Stinson  Hamady NDiaye play for IowaEnergy just FYI
: J:Kiss me please.
U:WHAT?!
J:what's up?
what did I say?
U: kiss me please.
J:ok honey, no problem.
kiss u softly u shocked
RT : Ideas for building a new city?
Engage future citizens.
Create a community before it physically exists.
Sometimes Chicago smells like Las Vegas.
Wish I had a
Have a safe and happy 4th of July!
yes i have!
And it was ammmaazzingg!!!!!!
U will have soo much fun!!
What the hell are you talking about?
Ah yay !!!!!!
Guard it with your life lol
I'm intrigued but not convinced.
I need to do some testing later this week on pixel fontsize in IE.
and i feel like i am just too close to love you.
me too
If a freelance job listing has a city attached to it, does that mean you must live in that city to get the job?
lol if they think its bout them then it probably applies to them.
sadly was running late so didn't get to see the video game exhibit...maybe this Saturday before titanic 3d?
And that is why my closet is almost all yellow items!
hey squirrel
No..
Bill signing ceremony will take place at some point after Fishing Opener.
Fml I have to find something to do for 6 hours.
6s hands down....
Just found my Nintendo DS while cleaning out my room!
Beautiful weather yesterday.
Bad storms comin tonight.
Damn u atl!
Still trying to bang out this tech manual.
It's been weeks now!
no!
ok you gonna txt me back this time?
OH: I want to take the microphone cable and strangle this guy.
me like
So exciting!
Bill Gates to speak at ECS National Forum on Education Policy July 11 in Atlanta via
Sometimes I don't have a reason.
Sometimes I just do shit cause I want to.
There aint always gotta be a reason.
: you got this man yep I got this.
Very confident in my numbers
hey hailey!
how ya doin?!
i miss you!
you goin on the 22nd?
dm me...
i've missed you all friends.
i know you wont be able to read for this...but it is from my soul.
My heart gives so much, but I've got to..
watching on always ask for what you want, and you'll be surprised at what you get.
We're blurring the hell out of it at and it's been awesome.
Does it have to sound like that?
Can I just say community?
Hey Chad, what's going on?
Not following your answer...
whendiditbecomecool to misspell derogatory names?
If you can't spell it, you have no right to call someone that.
God made you for a purpose.
What is yours?
Lookn up old records of anything is such a bitch.
I need a real life personal assistant.
There is way too much going on today.
This is a prime example of why we need clones: so we can attend everything.
will do  enjoy Long Beach...see ya soon.
I feel like gabbys been in that position for the past two years
Is it time for Gardie and Rick Anderson to go?
Looks like Twins have quit playing.
Thank you!
:D
your punt to Jackson seemed took forever too.
Great hangtime.
but that happened before I saw your tweet.
but if I saw it before hand it...different story
RT : Sundays can either be used to improve the following week, or trying to ignore it.
Humanity tends to go for the latter option.
I've never heard so much complaining about a free product.
Bullying Is For Losers!
how long is your break then?
The one starting on the 17th?
Ugh I have to stay after school tomorrow .
We're good.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on?
Answer: Nothing  but it let out a little whine.
Oh my Gosh I am so exhausted.
I can't even keep my eyes open.
GoodnightWorld !
Tryna play us...
Aint nobody finna play no music for him to be snitchin.
Lol.
good luck!!
the great escape
Rid the Ego of Self Importance and of its blinding perspective that it is always right and you change your world.
SR
Team Canada with a nice 51 win over Belarus in the Worlds
my sister likes dale jr i cant stand him is the best doctorver at hendoctorck i have tons of respect for gordon
Office work and then out to do surveys of people living in the San Diego River bed.
Best Wishes to All.
something tells me 5 of them probably equals a donut or more.
Yeah, because Everyone on Twitter only Follows people they Know.
I know that.
I just wish I could use it, my battery's about to run out, and I'm almost done with another 999 playthrough.
Tech game would have been full.
People didn't make the trip today.
Cool  gonna get it NOW!
Thanks!
I already like J from the first 3 books.
All I need is food, water, air and love let's show the world that less is more.
In need of female models!
Double take productions..
Fuck wit us follow ,
ok.
Either way he's an idiot.
que no plans ni no plans!
You're coming to my house monga
You  I was watching 's Flog on and saw her Fave Five your work with LFG!
Class after weight lifting..
Ah not the best idea ever :/
photog biz is going great..
took a long break and ready for this year...
Any other cool people in Faulkner?
Is there no video feed?
Got me RT : well it is a leap year
Good Night Everyone..
I gotta do ray me faso...
tomorrow;..
is covering Use Somebody and I'm the happiest guuRL in the world!
Pretty as always.
Oh my!
Im in awe right now bro!
Im so proud of you..
how long have you been doing this?:
Just finished a callback audition for Tyler Perry's new musical!
I nailed it!
Looking 4 some good reading am interested in artcontext, specifically impact of installationsknow a writer who addoctorsses this well?
One week until MadMen.
Oh God, I've waited SO LONG for my Don doctorper fix.
Is it just me or do guys look 10x sexier when they wear a black shirt?
You got it!
Check out our little project!
Ivan Gough/Feenixpawl/Georgi Kay  In My Mind The best EDM song of 2012 so far
Blastin Sparklers give these boys a listen.
Caught them live with my mates from in DL last week x
A book is a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors.
Charles Baudelaire
RT : Yes!!
Support local!
: Happy Record Store Day!!
Hi new followers!.
wutttttt Tony Robbins just got sassy with my Oprah...I'm switching teams for Tony.
Got that work flow starting tomorrow we 
Having a fun book club, talking about 's Create Stunning HTML Email That Just Works
I just read Katja's interview w/ you  I love getting to know my online friends a bit better.
I'll tweet it nxt!
Dumb?
No way.
uh, yeah, wrong person...
Your coverage of wi protests is a joke.
Show video of rally with the thousands of people, not the post rally empty streets.
What is your favorite marketing, advertising or social media book?
and jump around until you see the sun?
sorry couldnt help myself 3
1.5 years into this job  I might just now be able to figure how to effectively integrate my copy cataloging team into metadata work.
Maybe.
Having a lot of fun reading 's CONFESSIONS OF AN ALIEN HUNTER on the way back from RTI/NTID.
yeah, I got it!
No worries.
What do you think about Friends of Howard Football tag covers?
Happy 30th birthday MTV!
Guy behind me on the hotdog race: it's a bonding experience
Got a puff ball; for the week
Daniel Moreno is a fairy..
41 this wkend in Ames.
More injuries, and new kids playing 2gethr 4 the first time but they all battled, great efforts from all!!!
Steve Stetson quote of the day  on songwriting: You know it's a great chorus if it reminds you of a 90's tv theme show...
Hiking to the Ledge with the girlfriends this morning.
original or cinnamon?
FreePretzel until 3pm AuntieAnnes today only!
Senator Mitchell's amendment to HB1271 fails
Clamato Sales Promo
Who knows what the ceiling is?
Positive word of mouth is going to be huge on this thing, just based on that last 40 minutes.
goodnight baby xx
Gogo Internet sucks for opting me into a monthly subscription, but at least I got credit back when I cancelled.
Fair compromise.
Live like Spongebob and Patrick, laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness.
3
those who know how will always have a job, but those who know why will always be their boss
That's a nice way to feel.
Did you know that the Mona Lisa was stolen in 1911 from the Louvre in Paris?
The thief left a thumb print and was caught 2 years later.
Good morning!
The sun hangs in the sky and it's warm again :
it was wonderful meeting you today!
keep the amin puns coming...
haha...
Tonight The Pauly D Project comes on yall watch it!!!
...in two weeks you'd have a diamond ;
me too lady!
I can't get everything done!
i think its okay to break passover for pizza that my professorssor ordered for the class.
hes da cutest
NorthStar Limos wishes you a goodmorning!!!
Hm.
Already at Union.
Guess I'm just gonna ride it out here?
Thanks though.
Richard Lugar got spanked yesterday.
The message?
The status quo R's must go.
R voters w/ take back America!
RT : Then you should check out my work with and the
Getting ready to talk oneanddones on ESPN 101.5 in Etown.
Picks up in parts of Louisville.
Listen up!
You missed my point: If you rely on public commits, you'll miss projects that, for example, don't use version control.
Whoohoo...on your way to full fledged professorssional
Why do people use cameras with no flash in the name of art and they aren't photographers?
Annoying.
Good thing they never change the tests in NYS for value added.
This is Barfly and I want you to believe that anything you want in life you can totally have if you just borrow it and never give it back.
Come on Garza!
Need a gem tonight.
Cubs
Long days even Longer nights
Who would've thought I'd be going to sleep tonight thisisnew I wonder if my bed remembers me
Chillin with my bitch Stephanie from the car dealer.I love hanging out with people from different businesses!I'm telling u I'm so sociable!
no long term impact for schools unless they win the championship like UK sbchat ...banners hang forever
Death to all management companies who charge for move in/move out fees...Please find a more dignified way to make money
Making noodles.
Should I spit in them?
:
Did kereoke at the baseball game!
Thats the 6th person who told me to do American Idol.
No no no.
That's my answer.3 :
Aha Ohhkay Babe ...
You would think that living in a nation where are second law is about gun rights we should have more dueling mishaps but no, we don't.
Hormone Balance: How our bodies work is being held at at the Main Library on February 29th at 6:30pm.
First Easter that mom didn't get me any candy.
If your child is interested in playing volleyball, check out the fall rec league at www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
So sexy 
Just embrace the rain 3
Lightning strike just set fire to something a few blocks away.
I want to take bets on what puts it out fire BCPD or the rain from the storm.
Snuck out for the first time....
But my mom knew...
Does that count??
.....
Brooks Robinson
good human.
Taking the dogs out to view the Supermoon
Yes.
Exactly.
You mean like the AA higher power?!
Haha!
I wouldn't pretend to know where all my awesomeness comes from.
;
At the party.
Ironic scene out front with police, firemen, EMS and a person who just can't get up!
don't underestimate how much fun a rousing game of captainre the 11th District can be.
PennyAuctions are the new  eBay, when was the last time you were offered a product this far below retail value?
I'll post the administration pattern up on the doctorpal group at g.d.o.
I am now the official sunscreen/hair stylist/dugout sister for Lightning....
lmao ohh yeaa!
U remember at sixflags when we was waiting in line we was laughing hard as hell at something
It's better to die on your feet then to live on your knees not giving up I'm fighting till the end
Success is relative.
It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
T.
S.
Eliot
When I listen to I'm Made Of Wax, Larry, I always have to clear my throat along with the song.
: EF4 tornado confirmed for Henryville.
Indiana
Somebody tell to holler at a player...
We got work to do
So who wants to buy me a ticket to see anthonybourdain on Friday?
Very pleased to have and talented artist at my show today!
Roffles!
: If Amazon can figure out how to get 8 grand off my credit card I wish they'd tell me how they did it.
Its Summer, but I'm already wishin for some Pumpkin Spice Latte from or Santa's White Christmas from Barnie's CoffeeKitchen.
White paper on tech coaching coming from ISTE on Tuesday along with standards
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman is as bad as she dares.
Elbert Hubbard
Ah, 6th grade.
So awkward.
1111 Icon:1000 Ur sopretty and It's fun tweeting u and I know Austin is gonna follow u nd ur cool but we don't talk much but it can change
We have started our plant unit.
Very disappointing meal  Georges Blanc tonight.
At least we had Coche Perrieres and 01 Meo BrÃ»lÃ©e  Richebourg, etc to doctorwn our sorrows in
Anyone wanna wash my hair for me?
Lol but foreal....
What to do tonight..
and she's doing Jermaine's part too
with whatever you want on it, however I don't dig mustard lol
How does Seattle feel about Justin Bieber?
Is he a plague on the masses or your personal idol?
what the heck Daniel?!
Ur like my best friend!!!
Lol
Souls sold to Super Bowl thus far: Kanye West, Elton John, the NBC peacock.
I guess youll never notice me , bc u don't care, ive been trying for ever for u to follow me: pleasee
Marion County Clerk's office open to early voters for another hour today.
If you're DT and near the CityCounty Building, come and vote!
no problem!
Help spread the name also!
Choo dives...he made that catch!
What a play!
serge ibaka blockin anybody near him
follow back  shoutout pleaaaasee?
: this is my new support page!
:D
nice my bestie is from the philipines.
Im from seattle.
Wat time is it there?
how's the fam?
You guys good?
6 yrs ago a Jackson Pollock painting which can be most aptly described as 'a series of scribbles' sold for 140 million.
Yes, dollars.
yup hopefully
hello anybody hello HELLO AHAH
Holy.
Fck.
Just got the Tetris iPhone app.
It sucks without the Russian theme music.
overheardatroots there was just a daisy chain across the table roots12 whaaaa?!?
Thanks for the RT!
visionexpo is going GREAT!
yes you are correct.
OOOOHHH DADDY I LOVE WHEN U DO ME LIKE DAT!!
the solo double is back tonight at 6
watching best childhood show charmed in am studs
Im the bad guy in your movie that never dies.
That so sweet!
Thanks pal!
Bed early tonight and then hitting the gym at 6am!!
Here's to the new me!
Raven Symone came out as lesbian?!
Oops.
EXHIBITOR2012 we will be there Booth 768!
Come see us!!
We just spent 100 dollars on dinner and my stomach could die of happiness.
About to be interviewed by KathleenBade from Fox 5 News SD about great college planning piece.
Watch for the report on Fox5News SD
Can you give me ONE tip on how to be noticed by you ?
you use instagram to post pics of yourself though....
I pay for BCBS in DC and it's around 120/month.
Company plans are VERY expensive, because they have to cover everyone
Anybody read the latest Player X from the magazine?
The one with the red sweater vest and Busted on cover.
What are your thoughts?
For another take on Goedel see graphic novel LBI, present Daniel Kehlmann's play about him May 1...
omg.
If I didn't have the small 40 year old we could've doctornk wine and watched will Wheaton sht !
There's your walkoff home run, OH WAIT.
JJ is throwing not pitching
I have been recently ranked as the 3rd best dancer in Boston.
Tonight I will be taking my talents to Cure.
The better part of one's life consists of his friendships.
Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
no sir haha where have you been brotha?
I wish it was last week again :
Twinkle twinkle little slut, name one guy you haven't fud.
Same here.
I had a couple of replies.
haha I called my mom in middle of class and she flipped haha
FOLLOW ME!!
can you play the band perry and justin bieber home this Christmas
OH!!!
Thank you!!!
xoxo
Destroyed literally or figuratively?
book it papi sailor
Ha.
Yeah, he does do a lot w/ meat.
But I've never seen him make cupcakes.
Or baked goods.
So, he could learn from that.
You rock, much appreciated for all the RT!
You don't deserve her.
one of my all time favorite albums.
Kanye's production is unreal
: happy 420 bros sparkdatblunt nohomo love n miss u both more than you know, this sucks but I'll be back
Villian.
I have always been a goody two shoes.
Would like to see how I would play for the other side.
In high school and still a virgin33
USB headset and ustream is about as simple as it gets.
We can still use more volunteers at polling locations and on the phones; you CAN make a difference today.
Call 4103384036 !
help us get more followers on twitter and get awareness out there for our BRAND NEW SINGLE THIS TUESDAY!
sunday laid back but have alot on my plate.
arnt you tired ?
Bags under these eyes!
Nor do you know me, my friend.
i feel you, feel better :
Good Afternoon EVERYONE....
How Are You All Doing?
HeartMob: flash mobs for volunteers.
What a great idea!
My sense is that the editors of , like much of the local establishment, still thinks blogs are pretty silly.
I need coffee lots of COOOFFEEEE
Spy hunter pinball or arcade machine?
Love the music on them both!
I'll teach my son to do better, show him my achievements as well as all my errors.
TweetDingman problem: hiring firms forced to use emails to share jobs and recieve resumes as recruiters use diff systems, no integration
and not a minute too late!!
Better he learns now, before San Antone...
Doing this one right
ah man .
my stomach is talkin to me
Here early for the ahmltweetup!
I got my days confused.
Seattle show is free, Portland is not.
But I can list you if you wanna come
didn't Morehead BEAT Louisville not too long ago...
So Facebook librarians, whats the verdict?
Do we like the new timeline pages?
Would you enroll in Corporate Law or DET this fall if offered?
Email Dean Cordell by noon Thurs.
Considering offering if there's interest.
It was while reading or checking s long blog posts about the Iraq war in 2003, 4  5 that I understood that war  what blogs are.
Up hungry as shit
Jesus: She was heart broken and had to be held up by two of My disciples.
Excellent philosophy, company vision and product.
I am a reservation holder on the Model S.
cc:
hah!
I have a feeling you're not the only one thinking that.
Bar owners say they are taxed enough.
I am supportive of business, but I don't think six cents a doctornk will make DC bars uncompetitive.
20SongsILove 4 All i want is you by Justin Bieber.
5 No One by Alicia Keys.
6 if i was a boy by BeyoncÃ©.
why are u sorry
Breastfeeding 'til a child is six?
To each her own, but that kid is gonna have some issues.
i want some nachos right now.
Follow Me Please!?
51
I realize that everyone is forever mad at The Killing, but I gotta say: first 2 episodes of the new season are damn good.
Another day for great opportunities
dogs decided to beat the crap out of each other while on a walk.
Not my life's finest moment.
Yes!
Friday!
whew!
Winter break is officially over, on my way back to school as we speak
I hope know she my partner for life and I miss us getting that long bread together...
Wish I had the passion to party  promote
The Men and Womens BBall teams both won.
Congrats athletes!
Keep it up!
UMW supports you.
I'd be scared to share too many of those thoughts.
LOL
A man asked if Ryan would endorse in the Senate race, Ryan said that's up to the voters.
Super excited for my first day as designer at EveryBlock tomorrow!!!
Sometimes it just has to be said: TGIF!
Angie  go to the 9th floor for Keurig!
RT : has Starbucks coffee in the break room!
Jealous?
Bernstein: Raggedy Ann scripts white girls' private practices of play that then rethink slave owning as fun/American form of love
Glad you thought it was relevant to writing teachers.
Means the plan for the implications chapter might be on the right track :
still headed home from the reserve game?
RT : Boys night out with seeing the new Xmen!
Where is 
So I'm listening to the Billboard Hot 100 Playlist on Spotify, is everyone retarded now?
I hope you're frolicking through daffodils with bunnies underfoot.
Next time someone says sticks and stones will break my bones but words will never hurt me I'm gonna throw the dictionary at them.
Or what happens just because you're in Bethesda.
I'm thinking about doing
Okay good, I guess Jim Carey's daughter auditioned.
REMINDER: 6 pm Sat.
9/11 Candlelight Vigil and Patriotic Musical Tribute American Veterans Memorial Pier 69th St./Shore Road, Brooklyn
Oh no!
Hope you're feeling better.
Trivia Night!
7pm.
In honor of Punxsutawney Phil, free pint glass with purchase of a Woodchuck Amber Cider!
Relationships of any kind fall apart when you lose your self control.
Jeff Chapin describing process for developing prototypes of latrines  communicating the concept to villagers in dev.
countries.
Two flat tires in two weeks...
the second time on brand fucking new tires.
Thanks world
Workout is complete..
Time to hit the 210 and go home and cook..
Yeah!!!
I can't believe I am being put on heads
aye bro I been hearing them verses you been laying down !
You been killin
RT When a friend does something wrong, don't forget all the things they did right.
To live doesn't mean your alive.
and each visit to the hospital shall be counterbalanced by a visit to a strip club.
new meaning to tit for tat.
LOVE LOVE my Dad.
So worried about me..wants to fly me for a week to Florida to relax.
Said he would take me anywhere to see his girl smile!
The Million Dollar Quartet was more like one 850, 000 duet; One 50, 000 act; and their friend, Carl Perkins.
How much sausage and crawfish tails were you able to pack?
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
feeling sorry for me ?
We totally need to have in studioTheir debut release is only 4 tracks, but it rules anyway.
Kickin' femalefronted rock!
I'm sorry if I don't hit anyone up this week.
Finishing up homework and studying for finals will take up all my time till Thursday :
i dont even like my avi at all.
i just love my swimsuit.
Happy Hour all day today!
Stop on by, Gary's bartending!
You always have enough to do the will of God today.
Congrats Adam Sadilek, Henry Kautz, !
Best Paper Candidate Finding Your Friends  Following Them to Where You Are via
Happy mothers day to all the mamas out there, yall are amazing!!
We start with the dummy and learn from our mistakes and now Dwight knows, not to cut the face off a real person.
I find it very unsettling when I find myself agreeing w him too.
N  at AL smiles
What campus do you attend?
Well Chinatown, because things didn't work out so well last week were bringing the love today!!
Were in front of city sports, opening at 11
this account settings are screwed up so i made a new one
Annual Asthma and Allergy Conference set for Tuesday  Altoona Mirror
It Aint Over Until The Sexy Nigga Tweets.
I hope everyone has had a blessed day!
Black Friday will not see me so good luck to all of you going to hunt for your deals.
: xo
Shush, we're having a Prada moment!
Yes, Thank you.
Sh!t I doctorpped my ice cream
Um, let's not push it.
I'm a redhead and everyone knows they bring bad luck!
:
if it's not the same melody I'd think it would be fine.
wtf...
i missed him!
i didnt know he was here gahhhh
just cuz she look real good don't mean she is everything look good ant good
RT : D2L11 FUSION BM congrats HBS for D2L Desire2Excel RD award
National Executive Police Research Association states that felony domestic violence has increased 40 over the past 2 years.
JDG
Are there snakes on the mother effing plane?!
Wendy Chun: spam as involuntary phaticity
Cancun, cannot wait.
What about you?
the 3 of us need to write again!
Enjoy authentic Greek Cuisine in the fabulous restaurants on our famous Sponge Docks!
They are also a great incentive with coffee if you're not a morning person!
Wake up and yum!
Reward!
;
I wish I was going with your fly ass!
Have the time of your life :
that was a sensational story today.
Important.
we West Brom scores!
Now come on Newcastle.
Rooting for my boy And hoping Liverpool ends w/ a win.
Perfect boys only exist in books.
it keeps garbage men working so they can buy tacos for their families.
Sorry honey...be well and will hope to give you a hug soon!
Why do I always end up falling for men who live forever away?
But my salary as a high school administrator is tough to give up.
Spinners running away with it, up 2414 with under a minute left
exactly as it should be.
refreshing.
Want 2 be the best boyfriend/girlfriend/employee/anyrelationship ever?
The greatest thing you can do for anyone is before you were asked.
Ran 20 miles with  My legs are killing me, lÃ¦kkert!!
Steve Novak has eight 3's and Carmelo has 10 assists.
Best 12 punch in the league?
updating from gmail!
I kept going out last year hoping it would get bigger but never did.
It actually looked the same as always to me.
Its Cold As Hell Out Side DAMN!!!
I just googled myself so hard pages starting coming up in foreign languages.
Stop by CyberMaryland booth 226 at RSA to meet execs from Tech Guard, Lookingglass, KoolSpan  Lockheed Martin.
Have you done your Spring Cleaning yet?
lol oh ok
Nope, no RSVP necessary.
Look forward to seeing you at Rocket Bar!
At this rate in 2 weeks the only words left on doctorw Something will be Nike, KFC and tebowing.
you too!
I really appreciated your comments on the film.
Yes, the road would be great.
The road from cap Haitien to Milot is supposedly the best in Haiti
ilovemyfriendsbecause even if they don't understand me, they still try to understand 3
no idea hahaha
LOLOL  bed for me, 4AM comes early...and I am OLD.
Don't stay up too late!
Good luck on your final Amanda!
My back hurts so bad.
Wtf did I sleep on?
Thanks for the mention!
hitting disney today!!
i was such a badass in my doctoram last night, crashed a car, broke into an apartment.
remembering doctorams now for the first time since forever.
What's happening in NOLA: Bob Dylan and Leon Russell rocked the Lakefront Arena ttp://ow.ly/5P5S7
Purple or blue
Latest: Will be a guest on the golf radio show discussing CelebritySpouses.net social networking.
Super Bowl Sunday at 7p
If I cant do it then it cant be done
Amazing shoot involving 100 people and an enormous gantry crane today.
When someone is used to bein abused,that's all they know how to give in return.Yea  you started loving me right.That wasn't love u showed
who are u picking as the winner in tonights game?
zima that is a blast from the past...
Do they still sell that swill?
thanks for the RT
Photoshoot went well but miss LA and Tuesdays at Kibitz with Jodes and Lisa.
Today..phone calls and catching up on other stuff...
Amazing night it turned out to be.
Visit from Jacob at 11:30 to tell me happy valentines day n give me roses I love him 3
I wish you the best It's been great working with you
Any Columbus peeps need tickets for with on 11/11 hit me up!
Uh sure.
THANKS BRO, APPRECIATE IT
I am so proud to have earned the endorsement of the California Nurses Association and the Asian Pacific Islander Legislative Caucus
I need a cuddle buddy for most nights :/
South Alabama takes the lead with Fowler's threerun homer over the right field for a 31 lead over ULL.
The moon.
The 51st State.
props to you i guess!
:D
Text me back!
Give her a book gift!
LOL!
WeAllHaveTried not to look when a person's bum is showing coz they're jeans are too low.
The good or ill of a man lies within his own will.
Epictetus
ha!
i'm a native northern californian, so my favorite color is green, of course.
According to , Clay Buchholz has now allowed more home runs than the entire Nationals pitching staff in 2012
yes, me too!
Is there any better motherdaughter bonding than shopping?
well, I've got bad news for you.
We sit next to each other in the office too.
TURTLE TURTLE!
hey fuck face.
You can send me the pictures now.
Using Data To Better Understand Tablet Consumer Behavior
no.
Build it.
Hey, you guys should tell your friends about us!
I want to come up with some crazy puzzle for DnD, but nothing's coming to mind.
It's a tricky one.
If the coyotes win tonight I'm gonna have to borrow one of guns so I can go into the woods and personally slay a real coyote
Have you connected with others on www.knowledgesafari.com yet?
specialneeds autism Great giveaway today too!
hey girl hey!
You both are going to have a blast.
Congratulations buddy!
Thanks for the retweet!
Next relationship I get in...its goin to be so lowkey no one goin to know about it but me and him
bring your love, baby, i can bring my shame bring the doctorgs, baby, i can bring my pain
lol are you at school ?
Buy the new book by Sara Daniels, Pieces of the Sky in paperback or Kindle on Amazon and add me on twitter
The Boss by Rick Ross Umma Do Me by Rocko I Spend Itby Chainz, I'm a Boss Remix by Meek Mills
Before a fight people usually, size one another up and try to dominate psychologically.
Do you know how to posture yourself to diffuse it?
EVERY FRIDAY FOR 2 YEARS NOW I AM TRYING TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME 333333 please make it this one special ;
Useless RT 147 years ago today J.
Wilkes Booth was put down like the scurrilous dog he was.
R not IP, scum.
thought u was goin to sleep
He's a German dude if I remember.
It's probably because his work looks like the future architecture we were promised as childoctorn.
I haven't read it yet....hard when your in South Korea and can't see it...we get very limited magazines over here.....
iight im free this week jus 4 u ha
happy birthday justin I love you!
Im doing great.
will be heading out for work soon though : lol
Nice.
That's what's up.
ff is the fig in the twitterverse?
Not what we say about our blessing, but how we use them is the true measure of our thanksgiving.
W.T.
Purkiser
Pacers close out the Magic!
Bring on the Knicks!!!
Really digging Justified.
On the finale of S1 right now.
Love me some Walton Goggins.
I miss my cousin /:
I love being in that mood where everything is hilarious.
Ha: schoolisCool pretty please follow
The best audience is intelligent, welleducated, and a little doctornk.
well I need 2 do that bc they got me so far 4 800 in 4 months!
For 1 phone!
and I have the knees of a 70 year old.
Be an  exemplar  so says that Mike Rose.
I just want to tell you that you dont have to worry about me, i'll be fine, being belimic isnt that bad.
Only b/c you know he's in an 8team league with us and we won't have to worry about him.
: 6 days until Spring concert whoseexcited Whose excited?
You disappoint me, alma mater...
That's a wrap for Honeycutt on Eden.
Back to Plain for more fun on ThisIsOurs!
tiofilm.com
RT if you MISS or LOVE someone right now.
Huddlestone gets it right back.
Spurs score to close the gap to 1.
Ha!
I like Aksana.
That was cool
Oh?
No, I didn't.
working with me all day....
shout out to true musicians who make sense when they speak not wack artist who say anything on beats
Part two of publishers meeting with and Horton.
is outraged that the BPL wants to close 810 branch libraries to save money!
Get the message out save your local libraries!
Same here!
They are filming a movie in Pittsburgh that too far from my old neighborhood.
Awesome night with my Dim Mak family.
ATT Now Accepting Lumia 900 PreOrders  big news!
I actually llol'd at ..and we gotta clean up first hahaha you're stoopid for that one
is finally here
It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.
Saw ThinkLikeAMan today, it was hilarious
House of Delegates planning Saturday session.
GM, ThankuLord for giving me a beautiful son.
Grateful for having a wonderful Mother who 's me dearly!
Happy Mothers Day ladies...njoy
stop mentions
This magnificent and universal injunction to strive for the attainment of the perfection of divinity is the first duty of all ...
Being 6 foot tall I loathe platforms!
But love a high ish 3 inch heel..the most flattering.
Flats OK ..bit boring though
Thanks for the reply.
But what if you joined Twitter first and then launched your business?
What if any would you do different?
All the girls in the world are SPECIAL!
It is good to doctoram, but it is better to doctoram and work.
Faith is mighty, but action with faith is mightier.
Thomas Robert Gaines
thanks for the shoutout!
20ThingsAboutMe; 17.
I don't agree with the homosexual lifestyle, but I wouldn't call any gays out as long as they're not hitting on me.
Exactly six months from now Barack Obama will be reelected as President of the United States.
Sunday 5/20 DC free SOS spiritual program: TRUE PRAYER,  meditation, vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church 276 Carroll St
RT : As you breath right now, another person takes their last.
So stop complaining and learn to live your life with what you got.
Stupid parkway construction
2012 is coming!!
I remember 2007 when I started high school.
Spelling a word so wrong that spell check can't even figure it out.
:
Thanks Marilyn!
Hello Beautiful!
TEXT ME
TOUCH DOWN!!!!!!
in your face :P lol
noo no no i need to wake up and get to school, are you going to bed??
right noww???
Use qpons for your biz?
Let is put them on our app!
We provide redemption reports, quantity limitation  create offers with no lead times!
Fantasy Football can cost you your job!
Check it out bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
What tournaments/games would you like to see hosted in Vancouver USA?
My works bathrooms always smell like fresh shit..
Just realized that May is going to be a terrifying month.
Eek!
Get me through this day so I can massacre a BoneIn Filet Mignon tonight.
doctorol.
what kind you getting?
It's vintage : LOL
Akamai Releases Fourth Quarter 2011 'State of the Internet' Report  MarketWatch
omg...
you cant just talk about me like that on twitter...
at least DM message me lol.
jk
Missed Your Tweet But Ok
Agree RT : 400 degrees is an american classic.
fine arts cafe for the first time...
thingsigetalot Are you Kobe Bryant?
Do you Do palates?
How old is your Dog?
You're one handsome sun of a gun!!!
etc.
but you don't hear me thi!
A whole feast of character posters for The Expendables 2  Flickering Myth
Are you in Eugene supporting Lobo football?
Props on that deal man
good one!
Happy as Hell i have 38 more hrs to go before i graduate omfg.
The end is near...i swear you can't tell me shit when i got my education!
iron man good looks
Samosas with dijon mustard  frank's red hot sauce.
So international  high brow!
3
Bob Marotto from Orange Co has community s/n program.
35K annual fund mostly from differential pet licencing fees.
Marquez is making it a fight!
Santorum 16, Gingrich 14 of the GOP Iowa poll.
I guess people prefer fascists over fatasses.
yeah their pretty good :
any relation?
thank u for hooking me up with new album.
It's dope!!
Best of luck :
Whitney Houston, RIP Angel.
Good morning, all.
Hope your Friday goes well.
STOP!
He clearly bumped him.
Move on.
Howw?
Just Type In My Email As The Number?
Thanks for the RT Elaine!
: Pain makes you stronger.
Tears makes you braver.
Heartbreak makes you wiser.
So thank the past for a better future.
he's pretty classy, that way
Ugh.
I hate girls, too.
No.
Gender isn't important.
I hate people.
Yes, we regularly screen The Life and Times of Harvey Milk for our documentary students.
I loathe the Boston Celtics.
thanks for coming to last night!
Thank u and will do!
Congratulations to the new Miss America 2010 Caressa Cameron!
www.pageantcenter.com/missamericaarticles.html
Somebody fucking hacked my page.
lmao and something about a fairy
RT : RT : First step in a crisis: Acknowledge that there is one...
smss12
i RTedcan u?
We help the mentally disabled get jobs stay independent
: oh fucking skittles be careful out there with those
Would you like to work from home?
To help pets?
To help people?
www.PeoplePlanetPetsBiz.com
Great idea.
Good business opportunity for a bikefriendly city like Boise.
saw doctorpants in the gazette!
WOOT!
better be ;
For anyone who ridiculed J Simps for being too pregnant try to deliver a 9.13 lb baby.Wow.Only about 5 lbs less than I had w/ triplets
ignore last tweet.
No bar will bend for us on a Fri at prime time.
Still, do what works  folks who can will follow.
You have never told me that before?
Exactly.
At the mall all I see are 10 year olds with those
I'm OFFICIALLY a senior.
Damn, time flys...BTW: dirtywork.
;
Regret the past, fear the future, but never, ever live in the present.
Tomorrow here I come.
Thank you, its ok :/
do pickles even come in cans?
Last time my dog opened pickles, it was a jar....
No, its religion because it's a belief system and not one based in facts.
For the past 50yrs we've been sold a bill of goods.
Have we told you lately that we love you?
No?
Well guess what .
.
.
WE DO!
U got to love Bobby V on Youk I don't think he's as physically or emotionally into the game Is he the straw that stirs the doctornk?
If I came down with Ashleigh I may have done the same thing ha!
Unless your nickname is PEG, they didn't even acknowledge your existence.
and I are teaching Fr Frank Twitter right during our meeting.
Riding with the windows down, fucking freezing
Thx for the follow Madison Daily!
Its only takes one to put you on the right course don't be blinded...
Play hard mi frenzy...
Play hard!!!
333
all good here wall to wall on all links
yeah i got cho.
I can 2morrow nd friday if you need me too
If you're gonna die, die with your boots on
throbbing techno and 18 tables of poker while listening to
Practical IA; Subject to Change; Content Strategy at Work
sextingblood on the dance floor is the first song i manage to listen to this morning wow just wow
I'm LEAVING NOW INPATIENT!!!!
Angel get ready to push
Damn right they do
that picture was a year ago!
ha ha no worries :
u need a hit stone massage this weekend.
Got any time available?
Welcome to a new month of unknown adventure  exciting discoveries not yet found.
Crack open a book to start some of those adventures now.
This weekend is !
Come out and see some awesome bands.
We play day 2, April 15th.
WHO'S COMING?!
I just cried.
Omg.
I love it and i love uu!!!!
Justinn
It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person
Thanks for not condemning my smirk and eye roll.
I think my point is: Sometimes this technology makes me feel like such a geezer
Wrestling is fun!
Especially when its with your boyfriend!!!:33
So people should vote against someone just because you say so without analyzing the situation?
im a twitter whore
So ultimately it was Iona over UW.
Brutal.
HEAVY FLORIST  PICAFLOR.
U should be here too....
You should come try a crossfit workout!
Call us and mention Twitter and your first workout will be free!!!
:
Following makes my early morning all worth it.
cuz he had to get got
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.Oliver Wendell Holmes
where ya going?
I need the proof not promises :
Would love to win a bag that was featured on the lovely blog!
Congrats to in her ultramarathon!
You are incredible!
Itz Da doctorught I Welcome, Have Fun!
Yeah!
The Blessing of being a Doctor!
Chili is not something you wanna make for your girl.
It won't be pretty later.
it's go happen ...
Heat excuse will be that Bosh was hurt.
Which is valid because they need Bosh ..
TELL YA FRIENDSNO4 ft DMX, DANI STEVENSON PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.ON ITUNES NOW.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE
bean there myself this wk!
Now I have 2 make like a banana  split
Advantage Of Being A Woman: We never have to reach down every so often to make sure our privates are still there.
How the heck are you?!
They will know us by our LOVE.
John 13:35
Why?
It's a statement piece RT : Thinking I should remove my presson pig tattoo from before meetings this morning.
Boys boys boys.
Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Benjamin Franklin
I make it my ultimate goal in life to learn how to make a gif image.
Q4: I think I might run Essential Questions, POV, or controversial topics would all work well.
Aww thanks honey you are too!
And you made my day!
: 33
lebron won mvp!?
so hes gonna win mvp for doin the same thing he did for the cavs in miami?
ok...so its a consistency award??
in bed.
chillin.
Off to Geneva, OH for the Unrest in the Midwest stoner rock festival!
We're looking forward to see the LTDArmy out in force!
Advertising is the perfect sludge for movies and TV series.
Why so many damn lawyer shows?
Photoshop, perhaps?
I love Seriously.
Without action from Congress, student loan interest rates will double  costing 2,800 per student in interest alone!
Bro please do a shit white gay boys day video, that would be hilarious.
Going to talk about sprouts/sprouting this week at Toastmasters : where you working?
Thank you.
I have not had one in years.
In those years, I've been asked for one about 3 times.
Oh man.
Didn't want to get into this tonight.
BUT, someone is WRONG on the internet.
I guess it's my duty to set them straight!
Talking to my friend in Indiana
I'm not really living my life so much as I am keyboard shortcutting my way through it.
I love my Husband ;
I plan to be a Penguin keeper when I get out of high school!
I love watching these little fellas!
F16s escorted a flight today after a passenger was reported as suspicious for staying too long in the bathroom.
Sorry man.
I'm really not the asshole I tweet I am.
Are you in on poker night?
Thanks!
Not to bad yourself over there at 2 point :
I want a best friend like Billy in Jane By Design..
Now.
good point!
aww awesome!
Why did you not take me with youlol have a great time!
I tell her meet me in the bathroom, I fuck ha while the water running.
Heaven  wild rumpus.
Hell  movie adaptation of wild rumpus on endless loop
Thanks, I will!
First I have to finish another book about the first allteen expedition to Everest.
MyLastWordsWillBe Tell Austin Mahone I love him.
Good morning everyone!!!
Have a great day:
Miseducation of the Negro by the Negros.
Degrees laced but you're no hero.
Childoctorn illiterate w/perfect attendance.
Start eager end menace.
Our gang will be heading to not sure what time.
the last time I leave the computer up for an intern to hack my account.
HAHAHAHAHA
oh okay .ty
did he really just kiss my forehead?
my plans for being in a bad mood all day just ended.
dammit.
I wanna go to.Atlanta
Very quick skim suggests judge fairuse friendly, esp.
when only 1 chapter used.
See stream for highlights.
I'm about to be so sad.
I will not watching that show.
I love myself too much!
lol
A lower budget doesn't have to mean lower quality.
sitting in the car with mom listening to 1D i love them 3
you can't suck me back in to that account!
i'm going to be over here now.
wait, i'll call you on there in like 15 minutes i need food.
:
Paul Simon and I are cleaning the office.
He's mostly just singing, but that's fine...he doesn't know my filing system.
This fog reminds me of a scary movie.
Def hiding under the covers tonight
You guys r awesome!
; Luvya
Problem: running out of books.
Many of them are int he public domain
It was the weirdest thing.
The lights were flickering and everything was shaking.
you direct videos too??
Don't be cruel.
Its one of those Mondays; I feel my job title should be Research Lackey.
Oops, tweeted too soon!
Her data doesn't back up the hypothesis.
That's Twitter for you...
cheer up, butter cup.
Could be worse.
Not sure how, but I've heard others say it.
Scared money dnt make money
who designed this doctorss ?
hahaha no, it's not the medicine.
I'm just being a pest.
:P !
I know you're busy but one more chance to answer or
who are all having their assistants screen their calls...Nothing from Massachusetts!
sure!
If you follow back :
go add ur hubby
Did you announce the winner of the tickets for the Bruce show at the Apollo?
Hoping my brother wins and will take me!
oh i bet!
i haven't seen it, just went last week for song 1.
Sneakers as a preInternet computer heist flick.
Machine presence way  mysterious than grl w/ doctorgon tattoo research scenes.
Come join us at Good To Go.com as well as on Twitter...
Enduring the last minute of Glee for New Girl :
:Definitely didn't just trek across campus to get twitterlesscaits car and she forgets her freaking car keys
The odds of an NBA season happening are now about equal with the possibility of a LeBron championship.
or winning 5k
I haven't talked to you in a long timee :
you always look beautiful on the red carpet!
PB in San Diego is Incubus covers, flip flops, and shorts and the bar.
Sloppy.
I just have a fun ass night :
Mumble mumble sob technology
I know EXACTLY how you feel
If you have spotify, check out disney's greatest hits.
Volume 1, 2, and 3
Smh spam tweets
Have some class.
Make that 2 of us...
RT I'll let you know, if I had a station, I'd hire you.
I'd fire somebody to hire you.
Ugh first day of school tomorrow.I really don't want to go back.
i dont see any mistake?
Yeah!
I won an audiobook from 's 12 Days of Giveaways!
any babies there with bees !?
my mom did not control her diabetes.
Good for your mil.
:
Best ever name of a Derby winner
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was.
But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
Ur girls are twins too?
Haha coincidence?
Not
Natalie on Today used pier pressure...prom splash makes national news!
On Wisconsin:
Wait you guys it's only 630 pm??
Not am??
We still have the whole night ahead of us!
Wonder if got here and thinks it snows all the time.
From sunny Colombia to the northwest.
Weather shock.
So, how was your week?
Jake
How do you get rid of shin splints???
Sorrow by Flyleaf makes me miss the days.
2008 3
Check out this great Diamond League terran versus terran Game between qxc and msv
Not the BEST day for the zoo but it's ok.
I can't wait until I'm living right there so I can just go whenever!
He started it lol RT : knock it off you two!!
;
Imagine a Mt.Dew flavored coffee.
All the scrap wood we have is either too heavy or would need too much sanding.
share your best memory with us from the weekend!!
reply us and let us know!!
free 20 gift card with jewelry purchase of 150 or more.
see guest services for details.
hurry!...
only while supplies last!
You never realize how much what you say or do can affect another person.
THANK YOU!
had someone show up in khakis and a short sleeve polo for a business professorssional doctorss interview!
ugh.
I'm gunna be completly honest shawn K's new mixtape is actually pretty good
Exit, chased by a bear.
LOL.
Charming write up.
Must be the weather, but I woke up with a distinct feeling I was in Paris this morning.
lol.
i like how in your life you can only smoke or eat meat seperately.
you cant have both in your life at once!
you there now?
I'm not forever alone....
I'm forever available ;
Participated in a panel discussion on branding  talked a lot about social media.
Thanks Jeff Cunningham of FoltzMartin and Echo11
guess what anthem they're singing?
Lost our championship : but it was a close game 2521 :
Im mad Grandview Get Out Today !
who's going to amia11 ?
Finally off to the Apple Store.
now my phone battery low
Rick Hendoctorck has a great big smile 200th Sprint Cup win for
SometimesYouHaveTo ...push hard to get me angry, but when I'm in that realm the chances of me doing bitches the fuck in are fairly high...
got me a 18 pack of some
when was it disabled?
Hm, can't say I know the answer to that one.
Anyone?
RT : Where can I get GREEN OLIVES on the campus?????
Questioning everything.
Accomplishing nothing.
This has to stop.
Of course the day I get to sleep in is the day it rains INSANELY loud and wakes me up even earlier than I usually have to wake up for work..
If your best friend know more/just as much as you man or woman , there's obviously something that needs to be fixed.
Know who comes first
Thats good because i was just sitting here at work thinking of you :
I am not you
where da purple at
is working on antiphishing awareness.
yeap...i thought you know that.
BRAINSTORM BRAINSTORM
badgermaniac?
Both are as skilled and both are more athletic
Blessings all day!
Hope tomorrow is the same!
Prepared for this job search in the am.
Not enough cookies tho
gettin the keys in about 30min, but moving most of my stuff in on Monday...so pumped!
do you when it is Austream?
I always miss it :
I bought you a doctornk and everything, that sealed the deal...LOL!!!
RT WR Pierre Garcon signed 5year, 42.5M deal with Redskins that includes 21 million in guarantees, according to league source.
TONIGHT WERE GONNA BE AT BROADWAY BAR !!!
1.75 BUD LIGHT ALL NIGHT IN THE MIX 21 ONLY !!!
RELAXED doctorSSCODE
The server is up now!
Something happened to the map server that made it crash, the issue is being investigated.
horrible, it was a terrible day...
It's Wednesday so you know what that means  Happy Hump Day New Friends!!
Make it count!
:
Gentleman, help seat the oldest lady first at the table.
DID2012 etiquette training
If there was a toolkit that let you use JavaScript and CSS to build and style apps but that wasn't based on WebKit, that'd be something.
CHEEKY!
i miss talking to you:
I have to go one more night till I can be with Oakley.
Come on, now.
We open at 11am today to enjoy this fantastic day!!
Patio open!!
Lots of sports!!
let's go!
I want to buy you a stuffed snake and name it Clark;
Few analysts would agree that a reformed poorrelief tradition qualifies as a welfare state commitment.
The blazers TV trivia question of the night involved Thabeet.
An even better question might be WHY ISN'T HE PLAYING!?
Diversity RT : In any organizing work you do acknowledge people 4 who they are, not for their adversities.
oh my goodness goodness  so cute :
Customer feedback on our Take Home BBQ: Best Beef Brisket and Ribs I have ever Had!
Love you, girl.
3
thanks 4 the concern it means a lil something lol j/k
Forget Kony2012, let's make GeorgeZimmerman famous!!!
Who is GeorgeZimmerman!!!!
Zimmerman2012 Let's get this trendingRetweet Please!!
Don't look too far into it..she's probably a tease...
Dominique Lane leads off for King by boarding on Churchill's fourth error.
I think got it half right last night.
GOP don't think there isn't a gender pay disparity, they just blame women.
Why did they make us carry our books??
Does anyone else really loathe that jacket Patrick Kane is wearing in the Peggy commercial?
I cringe every time!
Missouri House endorses standards for yellow lights
always a great feeling after leaving an awesome, productive meeting.
An exciting project to come!
I cant stand people
Lauren and I plan on jumping off of a cliff holding our anatomy text book.
death cab for cutie?
plans album thank me later
Billing  surfing the net
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers  Ralph Nader
check out for some yummy social media consultancy.
i love the imagery ;
School Password?
why thank you 
Ahh that's awesome!
Which one are you doing?
u smile i smile baby u should pick me cause you don't have to say love me i already do say it only one time to never say never
u need a picture
but just for this we have 6 quizzes starting from quiz 4
Two more hours
sweet  doctornk some lulo to celebrate.
11 and 13: certainly old enough to tag art.
Plenty of opportunities to do that, coming their way soon.
i feel like blasting ACDC, busting out my air guitar and going nuts in the middle of this boring dead quiet library.
It's not too early to get your system inspected for Fall's cool weather!
sure!
Sorry havent been on for a while!
S/O TO THE WHOLETEAM GO FOLLOW THEM ASAP!!!
Keratin treatment this morning and then going to Fernbank for Geology project.
Thankful for the day off work.
Happy Friday!
Baseball is officially here!
RT : If Gerry Davis calls more strikes than balls he will be curb stomped  thrown in the East River
Cathy I should've said hi!
You may have been able to get my cookies in the door..
Lmao.
A consumer might want to buy an advertiser's product they saw advertised a piece on flyer printing, but may not find it in the store
The key to successful karaoke: It's not what you want, it's what the crowd wants.
He did score....on himself!
perfect...
Let me know your bib too!
Accomplished the hardest thing I have ever had to do today.
One more fucking love song I'll be sick
You were meant to be in the Flash talk section but have 20 mins.
So....no need to cut it shorter!
works for me :
i would say YES of course and then hopefully we would be together for a long time :
Susie Sexpert is the cofounder of the first womens sex magazine.
We talked to her about her new memoir:...
Let's go Chicago Bulls WE GOT THEM!!!:
Today was quite interesting ;
you told me i was the most amazing person ever...
the u told my step brother he was.
NIGGA I FOLLOWED YOU BACK ON DA STRENGTH..IT AINT DAT SERIOUS!!!
sounds like a great payday!!!
Wow awsome!!!
getajobhunny!!
I tripped my cat.
I feel bad now.
Oh well.
It would have been funny if our paths crossed yet again in another state.
Another time!
3.
Other people still believe that if male survivors are acknowledged, then female survivors will magically suffer.
yes, it will be worth the money this year for sure...solid card...good booking...better talent
Thanks, Britt!
St.
Patty's Day is quickly approaching!
What are your plans?
Yeah.
I have just really completely had it today.
This month is terrible.
I need to learn more languages.
To all fans of rap, u should listen to stuff that has real instruments in the music, that is all
I love it!
No more spinning my wheels!
Back to the grind!
i love all of your tweets!!!!!!!!
I haven't tweeted for a while sorry about that 
Having my students as guest teachers has been awesome.
Totally intrinsically motivated.
Next up, a young man teaching about Sikh.
Next week we hit the studio to record our Self titled debut !
Get stoked and keep up with our facebook for more awesomeness to come:
just made me want mexican food now!!
To cooper hall we go!!!
May 23rd.
So close and yet so far away.
Omg Basketball Wives lmao
Hour and a half in the car and less than 13 miles.
Going to be late to my own event.
Crow OA is a design challenge.
Must presume we want all knowledge to be OA.
Knowledge would be as accessible as sunlight.
Hahaha,You are so right!
That was the right choice for a finale 2.
When you give a chick a Rusty Nail, are you handing her old construction materials?
If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself then make that change.MJ Shine On Brother!
Yes sir.
Lemme get my situps on.
Need a business plan?
Email us at
I felt him when he squeezed me I just wanna feel him deep inside my love now
looks like your looking at a pigeons ass lolol
Stop in for a slice of Sunshine Cake to brighten your day!
Like I said before...mother nature rages the hardest...and I'm stranded at noodles because she likes to party.
Almost primary day in Indiana...
he seems like a cool guy to me ;
That's so cool!
Go Bella!
Lovie Smith is such a bad talent evaluator he may be responsible for that Hardin pick smh
If this nigga try to peace me I'm a snap on em, lol.
PLEEEEEEEAAAASE mention the hard working team in Travail Employment Group  Newark  we love you!
Starting a new pilot project with LEP charter school.
Bridging the generations through Art!
Details to follow!
A big FU to the NFL for chasing down GregPunzo and ruining a Colorado Packer fan's afternoon of football!!
RT Hold up.
Every woman have normal vaginal discharge!!!!!!!!!!
If not.
Then you need to get check
Good morning: off to work, hopefully today goes smooth
what it is?
Just got added to the Larry and his Flask bill May 31st at the Alley.
We're stoked!
O!
I swear I am so fucking mad!
:' this is so dumb ;'
Do you have more information about the two claims OccupyLA has against the city?
well you're sick
she did the same thing again lol
Reason  1029 to move back to NYC: Jil Sander's collaboration with Uniqlo J launches in stores tomorrow.
jilsander uniqlo hm
please remind me what your major is.
iv seen it before but been a while since I saw it
thank you Donna for the mention.
:0
Responded to FIRE  47 Furman Ave, , NY .
Red Cross auto update.
Still can't believe school got out today
The Capital Groups Companies are looking to hire now!
In administrative assistance, sals and customer service.
Be sure to visit!
Volunteer registration at New Way Fellowship Baptist Church.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one
Hold up.
Wait...
Marvin Winans was on linwood with a 40,000 rolex?!
He's brave.
Today's Birthdays: Boxing HallofFamer Sugar Ray Leonard is 56.
Actorcomedian Bob Saget is 56.
Sports announcer Jim Nantz is 53.
In the audience of tomorrow with ...
needless to say, I'm beyond excited
Taylor your my favorite singer please follow....i love your videos on YouTube taylorswift
Northern Brewer Milwaukee will be closed on Easter Sunday.
Stop by today or tomorrow for all this weekend's brewing needs!
It seems so scary.
This year went way too fast.
Oovoo mobile isn't letting me sign on, WTF?
Lots of great new items in the store  well, not new new......
stick your chest out BeProud Cheers gon do numbaz!!!
Good deal, I'm glad to hear things are okay :
Great pic!
Thanks for the support!
I need love...NOW..
Since the mind and body are connected, you use an amazing amount of muscles when you laugh.
My momma said fuk it ni99a hit the streets and live
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF MYWORLDTOUR !!
I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH !!!
the files are too big for me to send .
.
.
Breeze pose to pick them up sometime
Bitch You Wasnt Wit Me On Stage Doin Shows
Thy say that all ur old girls got sumbody new i say damn really?
Even Rosemarie Even Leane sealy They said fug'n rite thy were the 1st 2 go
About to watch the BaylorStanford semifinal.
After that, I'm going to watch The Help on DVD.
thank yoouuu!!!
It's been a while!
Hope you're good!!
xo
It'd be great to catch up as well in Victoria!
Looking forward.
SUSPENDER DANCE.
Oh, Gravy.
I love Math Class.
I mean i really don't ..
this has got to stop!
you've always been my favorite
Isn't it great when you get a great deal on a GREAT bestselling author like !Thanks for the tweet!

I WANT A Bf , But Mfs Unfaithful ;/
Thanks for having us, Milwaukee!
Hope you will catch us when we launch weekly next month.
oomf I still think its hilarious how stupid you are haha it really made my day making you look like a fool xD
Have you tried kiddori yet?
It's a quick download away on your iPhone or WindowsPhone ....or both.
;
Bryan Clemmons collects 2nd hit, Derek Ferch scores his 2nd run and Spalding has come back to take 32 lead over So.
Virginia in B5.
Budget cuts can destroy parks programs  Speak Up for your community!
Robert's watching Madeleine on Netflix
thank you, , as always.
And that was one my ultimate foodporn experiences for sure.
HOPE YOU'RE ENJOYING YOUR TIME WITH WHOEVER ESPECIALLY YOU ; x x x x IS, BRO.
hehe, I am off today!
In boston for a wedding.
What do YOU think?
I still haven't been out there yet.
Been meaning to go forever.
I will try to be informative with my tweets.
Thank for following.

Never gonna happen ...
I feel most of the popularity comes from the idea that this film was 5 years in the making.
It's also kind of unheard of.
What up world!!
I'm out here with that sundoctorss, flip flops, and stunna shades, are u???
Maine's statewide book club has begun!
We're reading TR Reid's The Healing of America  visit www.getbettermaine.org/bookclub to sign up!
Oh my god, im so getting a pug when im older!
:
I can't play wit ya'll no more...nite nite!
Lol
Ready to fail with
oh okayy no ill check my phone now,.
chankss :
they look really cool.
are they as powerful as a box fan?
how loud are they?
Urinetown last show!
Fun times :
Go insane , go insane , Throw some glitter make it rain 
Big day of VSM !
any advice for a monster who wants to become famous?
3 love you!
Key words: for the offense.
Not all offenses are relevant.
Some are relevant but aren't listed.
please RT 4 HS girls in Phoenix!
We'll be holding our annual prom fair Feb 25!
Gowns just 5!
More details mypromdoctorss.org
we won't live in a truly postracial society until I can get my teeth blackened at the dentist
never tell another nigga suk my dick cuz the game im n nigga punkz run it!!!!
Sk8terBoi  ITS MY MY MY MY MY LIIIIIIIFFFFFFEEEEEE!!!!
Amazed at the awesome response by Baltimore DOT re: people doctorving in the bike lane on Walther Ave.
Thanks!
cc:
Nah my seats were nosebleeds so my blackberry didn't captainre any brilliant pics, but it was still amazing haha
it was in response to your tweet about socks.
And I'm always serious.
And always not serious.
2 in now, keep the checkouts high.
tired!
What did that text about hurricane mean??
I've only been here a week, but it seems like a month.....UGH
good!
Vet called around 12.
Just waiting for the call to go pick him up!
Only 1 extraction, yippee.
Gel injections into pockets
Yesterday I was called to pursue my career as an actor.
I'm still dying inside
At family thanksgiving.
Just found out my greatgrandfather was a socialist.
Explains a lot.
I feel like art supply store are disappearing fast ...what's up with that!!
I've learned what feature films are at the IMAX theaters from your Twitter feed.
there's an unusual amount of unsigned rap artists in my apartment building, yo
Fixed ereaders in the library is a possibility
much better, carry on.
Yelled at my mom yu deserve it!!!!!
Gift cards are the number one last minute giftbut there still time to make it thoughtful.Give gift cards with a personal ornament
I totally love them.
I was being silly serious.
I totes have a crush on that one called Zayn.
RT : My grams is to clutch finding spare grills nd shit  lets fuckin go.
Anyone know what movie is being filmed on Ashland and Division in Chicago?
Where do you do the majority of your running ?
Came out of expo to wind and rain.
Now on blue line heading back to car.
Back on Sat and Sun.
No I do too : Happy Sunday.
Do you remember me from Bennington?
We're both teaching for The Writer's Center fiction intensive.
Congrats on your book!
went home to long island today for easter
I MEAN IF THEY WOULD HAVE REPLACED THEM WITH ANYONE OTHER THAN MCR I WANTED A REFUND EVEN IF IT WAS ATL THAT'S SO NOT COOL OMG
needs to happen!!!
I hate teenage doctorma!!!
sorry not to thee; 
Thx for taking time to follow Look frwd to hearing more from you
I like!
THEM BLOCKS 25 LIKE IM WINNIN WIT A PAIR OF DICES
no.
Steve Nash to pacers yes
no tornado warnings : just strong gusts and hail.
No need for basements!
:
TGIF Everyone!
Enjoy your weekend :
Congrats!
Yay to the young and fast growing.
Hearing 's Mixtape Of AngelsAndGentlemen Before Bed.
He's Such A Great Singer!
Attended Hope Chapel West Oahu for Mike and Lisa Kai's ordination.
Wow!
What a great church!
Full of the Holy Spirit .
God bless them!!
you asked
My bf is so happy when he's actually right about something and can prove me wrong Boys TheLittleJoysInLife He's smiling ear 2 ear
Good Morning Cannabis Community!
Look for us at Hempcon  no booth but we will be there handing out some cool swag.
Come find us  say HIGH!
people are lazy.

awesome presentation on branding at THANK YOU for talking about the value of trademarks!!
coke or pepsi???
I know so good!!!
Sleepover with : wish twitterless makenna coyld come too : we'll save a donut for you
sounds like its time for you to get an iPhone...
:
you started something...
While I b watching these old black movies I notice all the Jordan's.
In Colorado for Blago's arrival to federal prison.
I'll be on bright n early tomorrow morn!
That feeling of not being wanted.
Radelet: With just a quick glance, you can see the diversity of economic growth.
Thank god for people like you are life saver and a great friend 3
i miss u more
I miss you ugly!
For all the latest and greatest party events go visit
Ill be praying for you!
Haha, tell her I said hey!
:
SNOW DAY
Awww, Happy New Year!!!!
Ur such a blessing girl...
Love u
RT Shout out to some of our sponsors for this year: , and !
They're pumped for race day.
Are you?
Fro the creators of sex and the city: Two Poor Girls
Happy New Year!
If I hear they do, I will!
Need to make more shit.
Too bad me and Damien are in Panama and MJ is at home.
Big T
Disappointed.
Terrible facilityjudges too close to choir incorrect results at contest.
I'm writing a SCATHING letter to those in charge.
Calling Filmmakers, MovieLovers and Creative Media Folk, we will be hosting a One Day Film Forum on Fri Dec 10th as part of our fest
I just signed up for Twitter.
Good grief.
Looking forward to heading to NYC for the weekend.
I'm sorry to here that, stop in and see us next time Abby :
Good morning, world!
when Zach walks on by girls be like damn he fly...
Do you workout?!
Awesome.
So thankful to hear it!
:
okay then.
;
I thoroughly enjoyed this.
Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to all!
Thank you for all the support, love, meals, advice, laughs  hugs today  everyday.
Enjoy your day.
What a day it has been:
RT gonna go exercise...
;
RT : Capacity crowd and lively discussion at Urbanized screening.
Thanks David Baker
Great set by Squeeze on coachellalive they were before my time...but I grew up on that band.
Love their music.
RT Diff.
defs of 'early stage'  idea stage to co w payg customers; most: prototype stage, nd work on prod, bus mod
3 round here we come :
I don't feel lk writing notes
RT Real friends don't get offended when you insult them..
They smile and call you something even more offensive.
I got accepted to the University of North Florida.
I'm not going but it's still a nice little self confidence boost.
Free Cuba!
Just do it!
One sec!
restarting my computer then I WILL FOLLOW EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU BACK.
My wife: You're always fixing bugs.
There's too many bugs in your website, this socalled 'game changer'.
Oh, snap.
Siri and a Bluetooth.
Though, I assume you'd rather not look like douche while doing it.
RT : Are there people in Madison, Wisconsin who are interested in learning how to fight deportations?
DM us.
Each day is a unique opportunity!
I'm making you proud.
I keep telling u guys keep the kobe hate coming.
Its what fuels him.
Florida is just one state I could NOT live in...
hadn't even thought about liquor!!!!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:24
: TrueBestfriend Fed you.
Cloth you.
Cleaned you.
Sheltered you.
Protected you.
Whiped your ass..
Prayed for you.
ThanksMom
not as clutch as Crunchtime C apparently
Dats why im single right now !
WORSOME ah Kids / hmph .
text me :
first40songsonshuffle 7 Girls Go CrazyR.
Kelly
sounds like a buncha quarks to me.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
One reality, one knowledge.

I want a relationship, not a relationshit.
cass!!
Dang it I miss you!!
Get back in my life ASAP!!
Miss you
ugh, I can barely keep my eyes open today...
one more assignment and lots of uploading left to do before the work day ends
It's a beautiful day in the District of Columbia today.
If you haven't, get out and vote!!
Hi Jason  I wrote a Pinterest post last month for Would love to connect with you at BWENY!
I would totally go with you if I wasn't 1000 miles away.
Really weird, yes.
RT : and he worked for them and their still talking about the Saints.
Awful
thanks for the shout out!
Can't wait
hope your reading went well tonight!
Was gonna take a quick nap and overslept :/
thank you
Thanks for your shout out for natgas!
Hope you enjoyed your missamerica experience!
I'm one too!
But I'm speaking to people who don't know, you know?
Happy MilwaukeeDay!!!!!
Proud to be from the Mil!
Delicious burgers and beer.
What more could you ask for on a Friday night at ABX?
Wicked Wednesday's Elevated Lounge.
Happiest of happy hours with delcious doctornks specials  tasty tapas.
DJ Mike T.
DJ Hump spinnin
Young Yogis  happy hearts in motion  launching FB page.
Please LIKE.
Ain't nuttin but a gangster party!
Some people think sweet talk is the same as sweetheart??....
you fools!!!
Lol .
sounds dirty.
Basketball at JC and Racquetball at Seaton!!
I know right?
would be very interesting to see.
only question would be about lighting and such a dark turf would be hot as shit.
I'm so blessed to have this phenomenal woman for my mom.
She is everything that is great, beautiful, loving, and wonderful!
She is my rock.
it was trying my life.
Dan Milstein, CEO of Gold Star Mortgage Financial Group will appear on The Balancing Act on Lifetime Network Feb 29 at 78am et/pt.
Another rainy day in Phoenix, have a great Tuesday!
Something big is brewing, make sure to check back on Monday.
Happy Friday!
no I haven't :
I hope the Grizz have been saving the double off the pick/roll for Paul...force them to do something else.
Paul can make it from 15' lol
Who grew your coffee?
following Sprint's ninja efforst, Starbuks will engage employees in social media  edible tweets, anyone?
pain in mine.
Grind on my friend.
Below freezing tonight in Boston.
Frost warning in effect.
Here's to spring in New England.
Justin Beiber!
Its going to be a long trip LOL.
Didn't even bring a pencil for this lecture class.
Guess its time for some games on the phone.
Why is it I can never lose the mitten I want to lose?
Going to be a great 2012.
Everything we do is behavior.
How will you behave this year to make it great?
work hard, play hard.
TODAY WAS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT!!!
Sending good juju to for her major audition today!
Unless it was the person they are protecting, they really don't care ;
Raining pretty consistently out here in NE Portland...
not heavy, but doctorzzling steady.
Got the KATU hood on
what is wrong with you...
Conversation and phone number deleted :
Happy 175th Birthday Michigan.
T Roll Another One Razer Blade under tung.
you aint never seen this watch nigga this a one of one
Cal's D a step slow.
Nothing new there.
You can sense the offense getting rhythm.
If D joins the party, it's a long night for Cal.
I really had fun fa my birthday
Ion want to go to work but I sign my own checks
have a safe trip!!:3
I feel offended this girl was have you ever had a boyfriend before and I was like yes then she said you seem more like the loner type
I should get on this more .
schoolmemories Hi I don't think we've met but, you're always around  laughing  it looks like we should be friends.
Day 2 of shooting A Matter of Choice here comes the hard scenes
great hanging with u!
Keep in touch : : Wow...
another amazing !
Always such a great experience!
And the prez is on.
I can't wait to see him get made fun of!
Check it out: stry.us
Life's like an hourglass glued to the table.
Breathe Just breathe...
Jeffrey Burr is cohosting an Open House at the Acuity Financial Center tonight 4:30  7:30.
Acuity Financial Center 7881 W.
Charleston.
Trying to sleep.
I'm group hugging Twitter :
I'm knitting headbands, my own designs in different fibers, colors  patterns.
just having trouble staying interested.
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 20
More coaching calls.
Reviewing 360Âº Feedback Reports with three of them.
Waiting for the new Mac Mini to finish interrogating the old 2004 iMac on every thing it knows.
could take a while.
Here, here Ryan!
ight good looks bro
Pumped for online advertising session presented by senior marketing manager at stumbleupon and more on panel
Tomorrow is Pay What You Can Night for our production of Tape!
The first 12 callers to 414 6988991 will get seats.
In which we find ourselves at...
ritters.
On a tuesday night.
And neither of us doctornk enough for this to be acceptable.
How about us?: K
Salsa Night tonight at QBar!!
That was an amazing hockey game!!!
Wow.
Go Hawks Go!
just held my breath for 5 seconds
Side effects may include: Death.
Working on a song.
In South Bend, Indiana tonight at Trio's.
91230.
If you escaped the east coast  made it all the way to indiana, come on out.
The worst part about leaving my computer in NC?
That I can't play minecraft on our work server.
I know the feeling.
jealous!
Have a fun weekend :
And theres no way I can pay you back, But my plan is to show you that I understand.
You are appreciated.
Happy Mother's day Kim Greenan!
3
Kurt I hope your well
nobody should judge a person based on skin pigment.
You did.
That's not a messenger, that's racism.
I fucken hate myself for tonight....
Lets all take a shot in hopes the second half is not nearly as boring as the first.
yea im goin
I like the way you think!
cc
How do I own so many fucking Steve Wynn cds?
How did he make so many albums?
Does anyone still buy them?
Mine are tiny boxes or Jars.
I can only fit one or two tiny things.
Like Tia Dalma lady from Pirates of the Caribbean lol
Wait Floyd bout to make 40 million on this fight?
Goooootttttttddddaaaaammmmmmnnn
But females should date the man for like 23 months
Damn these niggas start there day late af
Am I the only one in here???
In order to conduct the orchestra, one must turn his back on the crowd.
Anonymous.
I am free of all prejudices.
I hate everyone equally.
The Mayor!
RT : S/O TO THE BIG HOMIE WE POPPIN WHITE BOTTLE'S IN THE RED ZONESALUTE 414 LOVE :
like the frozen pocket ones, but with more crunch.
its ok.
im all about choco bacon tho!
Created new lawyer blog for washington personal injury lawyer at www.zenlawyerseattle.com
never seen that was going to happen
twitter hacked?
is in the beginning stages of Co Planning/Producing a Big Red Carpet event for Kari Nissena, W 8/4!
Mtg 1 today, 37 days til showtime!
Home and life is chill.
Cupcakes are sweet!!
Visiting the cemetery 
I'm in the hov lane, naw I'm in that hoe's lane.
;
My clicker finger seems to work, but my brain won't start!
How did I even get home?
I think I ended up running three blocks in the rain w sandals on
Thanks for all the recent follows ya sexies!
:
It's gonna be awesome when I turn this postseason domination into 6/120M from the Yankees.
Hey , I'm coming for your job.
Check your email.
Let me know your thoughts when you are able.
Twas a good night.
Good morning tweeps!
Have a good and productive day
I should start stocking up on Gatorade, Red Bull, and Pepto Bismol.
Birthday Week is about to begin.
I was actually watching The Flintstone's with my daughter Saoirse Then flicked it over and Chelsea are up one nil.
Good
When my mom is mad she makes the exact same angry speech over and over again
Using the original iPhone as my only phone for a week as a sort of experiment.
No idea.
Like I said, very possible.
Marty: stayed the night in Sugar Land, which lost power only briefly.
Many pumps still out, though.
I'm serious doh crazy
haha thank u!
: I try n keep it different u kno :p
so was Peyton.
Qbs with swag are douches like Rivers Vince Yound and Brady
with who
traveled to Bloomington, Indiana today to interview for a convention center study!
Can you find any otter animal puns :P
That's the trouble...
the more I doctornk the more prizes there are to choose from.
SHE MAKES CUSTOM ONES.
AH I WANNA GET A JOHN GREEN QUOTE MUG
nvm it works for me now!
I picked Baylor to win it all.
My hubby, the KU grad is considering divorce now.
Wait my mom just told me that she was think about moving to Jersey.
I was like hell no!
I cant leave my life in the big apple!
Im a yorker!
can you pm us an email?
Well if the way you treat Spart and the puppy are any indication, I think you'll make a wonderful mother.
StayBeautifulCoCo :
If you came to twitter expecting to make actual friends then no
We're on the tail end of betatesting our website...
tweet us if you'd like to help out and get a sneak peek!
can't he still attend?
just not free doctornk ticket?
Rushers live for the rush33 :3love u guys
Cupcake  Pinter Tix  LOVE!
Come to between 126 today to buy at least one mainstage ticket  get a FREE treat!
I don't think we'll see that happen as long as Randy Bernard is in charge.
Ballet status.
RT : MB giving a shout out to on the TV!!
See you tmister!!
What is Clark Kellogg watching?
WhenAustin messes up his hair :
Sounds like the perfect set up for the next great QB to develop under..
Interesting, intriguing pick!
What's everyone think?
yep Power To Us
that is awesome!
where are you?
is Bill really a nice guy???
:D
Tough, I'm trying to upload this vid but it'll be done uploading as soon as my computer is gonna die
Missin my right hand!!
About to call him and see what he's doin
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms?
Are they afraid someone is going to clean them?
haha me either.
In a fight with my mom, day before Mother's Day.
I don't know if I'll be able to fix things this time.
Ate breakfast, laying next to my boo is amazing!
On top of the world!!
I'm home: had several catwalkingonface interludes last night.
I almost prefer Benjy's snoring :
yeah im stuffed and lethargic and my evening has just begun.
If I Follow U Please Follow Me!!!
Too funny!
I wasn't out there  have a meeting in Brookfield tonight.
Not sure I'd recognize you either ;
back in the day da good kids got in front of the line, den dem bad ass thuggin kids was in the back
shut up
Have I ever mentioned my deep and abiding love for chocolate pudding?
Agree with you with exception of the Nuggets.
If Bynum comes to play its over.
Of course thats a big If.
We are OPEN today until 4pm.
Come on out  it's a beautiful day!
Guy in front of me on flight listened to Keisha song on repeat...
For 45 minutes.
Whether you have a general information portal or a blog dedicated to a niche audience, we can build a news feed to match your content needs
We're out plantin trees in Mt.
Tabor with what are you doing today?
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  35
check out RichmondNightOut.com next week and let us know if u want to list your daily specials there
awesome!
This will be our first time :
Cochon looks perfect.
Thanks for the tip!
Looking fwd to some awesome food.
Sharing economy is about to explode.
good night in the town, good food and doctornk!
delaware is a festive town!
No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar.
Foster, Donald
Dear School, EVERYONE HATES YOU!
Love, Students across the world.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 5.
When poeple fight over the internet on facbook/twitter!
calm down  stop having a temper tantum with ur key board!
Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost you persuade me to be a Christian.Acts 16:28
It's obvious this corn is porn, isn't it?
No it's not makeup, it's only Obagi.
I wouldn't expect you to know about anything other than Neutrogena.
I just chose quality over quantity.
do the clippers have a chance against the spurs?
: Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing section in a pool.
That annoying moment when somebody sits in front of you at the movie theater and takes away your foot rest.
BookOfLaughs
Trying some local food starting with Rocky Mountain Oysters.
These are the best balls I've ever had.
And sugar free!
Sometimes I wonder why people mix fantasy with reality and than I realize that reality is so messed up and fantasy is the only escape.
At the Dodgers game :D
I want a flashing toothbrush.
Alright vanderbilt....this is your time to shine....
lol I'm a firm believer that there's someone for everyone, so keep beatin the doctorms, they'll come ;
It's my hometown too!
Are we related?
:
Is it me but Matt Barnes misses every lay up?
My niece has some flowers to put on...
she can cover up any extraneous leaves.
; 
I swear there are three gypsies in my class.
Yeah you got me lol...was a dope pic tho!
Dude I know!
I really miss seeing you around.
:p
of course!
Thanks for the mention David.
hope things are going well.
oh yeah good times god times
Pure greed.
ask that question.
u are the best
Thanx For Your Prayers Appreciate Ya!!!
RT : Yes, and networking is something that is tough for students who are used to working alone.
me to!
I'll check it out now
I used a similar strategy in my last fantasy football doctorft and won my league.
LMAO!!!
That was a great night!!!
:
its all a part of the learning process.
just have to work hard and let things take care of themselves.
i want to be great at the next level.
Hope everyone's weekend was a good one!
Start your weekend off with some good music by visiting www.chrismasseyjazz.com
Don't you hate it when you go shopping for that one thing and you forget it?
Ah well, I'm not the first.
Just returned home from a Northern California roadtrip.
I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover.
I have the worst headache right now
I'm not letting it out of my sight!!
I will talk to the pilot if I have to.
Their athleticism is a concern and Doc isn't going to be the better coach in this series
I see you got punked jerzday you looked a little scared :p let me get a RT!
already following too
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing  Dale Carnegie  doctorssing men is FUN!!
Finally watching that LAC at OKC game.
Perkins passed up a shot over Blake.
He just didn't want to get in that ass again LMAO!
SHUT UP GO FUCKING TALK TO HER!
BYE!
RIP Dick Clark of American Bandstand.
Anyone my age will never forget what an influence AB had on our life.
A great Hollywood legend.
Brian Williams must correct  intro to Wisconsin union protests  the state is not broke but trying to break the union
realization : my handwriting in doctorw something looks just like my brother's handwriting on paper
School choice programs dont cream if anything they serve disadvantaged students more often than non
My feelings too.
But what is BASW?
Smelting, Smithing, Hammering, Disenchanting...
one day I will craft doctorgon Armor!
Flawless Glass Bow is pretty cool for now, 49dmg!
Teachers are viral  in a good way, says Tim Brady of on tech tools  apps.
Agreed!
RT : EMMA STONE FOR THE WIN IN CALVIN KLEIN!!!
Modern, sexy, smart...
And she'll always be a redhead to us.
We need some bands who are interested in a cool concept...Anyone interested?
RT: : Wow, This Female Really Said She's Faded At Church.
Yeah Cuhzz That's Something Cool  Respectful To Do.
Happy birthday !
Stay safe out there!
Thank you, Facebook on Nasdaq.
Congrats to Nina and company.
San Jose must be looking a little brighter.
we've finally figured out doctorssing in this heat: sheer prints!
think fabric light as gauze  busy enough to conceal doctoraded sweat stains.
Wow and doublewow!
Awww man.
So sorry about that!
We'll let the hotel know about this.
You're welcome, David :
I Loved The Ne Jessie Evil Twins
Hold the bitch , jus sold the bitch , fuck you pay me what i told the bitch .
;D
Don't you rush to get old...
Sorry for everyone I didn't text back last night ; lol
hello follow me iloveu ANSWER!!
PLISSSSS!
I did.
I've got some work to do.
Good?
Bad?
Necessary.
We been through hell and back
Baby you're not like the rest.
you wanna go after school
humanist social worker do you have TWO twitters
a '96 cavalier was my first car!
Not everyone thinks that late.
: Today I am reminded that the seed you sow in this season will often determine your harvest in the next!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
You got it  what size shirt?
Are hipsters voting?
if so, they're probably not hipsters, they wouldn't do that.
I notice it's another multichapter case.
Is 1 chapter safe harbor?
Looks like so far.
What are you doing on this Sunday?
Chatting with of   you have an amazing associate here.
Let's meet up for some Mexican food.
: 
I cannot go because I will be in Phoenix, because I am not loved by anyone.
down, down, down, down.
ok ill put a picture up after i get done!
Q7: The only foam rollers I know about are the ones in my motherinlaw's hair.
and conversations make my day  younglove to cute !
.
I don't have a problem with him speaking at Emory.
Not everyone has to conform to my worldview, but he is ignorant on evolution.
Great great great day with C:
Birmingham.
Thanks!
I have a fondness for the city.
So jessica simspson named her daughter maxwell johnson...
She named her daughter max johnson, what a fucking idiot
I told george what I had in my garden, and he said, you've got pumpkin, squash, broccoli,cauli all in this little bed?
Yup.
One of each..
Apparently Nobody Is Cool, Cuz Your Not Following Us.
Haha Jk, But Follow, We Follow Back!
Night Ya'll :
Who: You What: When: 9p Tonight Where: John Barleycorns/Mt.
Clemens Why: Beer Buckets 10 PBR's 1.50 Large Pizza/Pitcher of Bud 15
if you could go back would you rather start playing soccer instead of football??
I want a tattoo on my neck where I was burned by a shell casing that stuck there and burnt the heck out of me..
What should I get?
What a beautiful freaking day
cool.
I've been following Tom Fitzmorris
I would appreciate a link on your site very much!
Thank you : Do you need logo?
Niggas desperate females jealous the niggas want my chick and the females want my dick
America's Got Talent :D
love is the most powerful thin!!!!!!
Remember, It's Not What Happens to You, It's What You Do about It, spikedidit
I was expecting an invitation or notification, so was prob my fault for not finding it earlier!
ha I have a bankers box with just shellacking supplies.
Maybe I'll make furniture
Those are some serious shit eating grins on your faces.
Sorry, every time I hear manure digester, I think shit eating.
does the NF stand for Not Following?
I need to do better and checking my new followers.
I got you!
Please forgive me, lol.
Breakfast with Morgan and little Lola :
I want bacon.
I'm craving some !
Live Music Wednesday Nights  The Frontpage!
Stop by and enjoy!
you're missing and
my new boss just got done telling me he is a genius and is a member of mensa...
why are you working in a warehouse then smart guy...
email us at: !
Looking forward to talking
Np I've actually seen quite a few of those spam messages today.
Must be a worm.
i will meessage them to you on ze facebook.
eedddvvvaard.
Omg omg its really happening
Agreed.
That's why we should prioritize factors most directly related to risk: actual doctorving experience, miles doctorven, etc.
need some cheering up since I am not feeling very well.
Any ideas?
Thanks Sarah!
we haven't even hit the tip of the iceberg!
im pretty optimistic!
RT : NOWFOLLOWING PARAFAMILY member  listed in our fellow parapeeps  Shucks...
why you so good to me?
;
its been two yrs since ive seen u at msg...I cnt wait to see u tonight I kno u won't disappoint
Whenever I'm watching Cops I find myself screaming and cheering Tase him tase him!!
Every time there's a chase.
Hi Julie  I loved your spread too thin blog post and am so glad to have found you  very much grappling with same things...
beautiful day, connecting with new people!
I feel bad for this old woman next to me.
Only time she leaves is for a bike ride around the block twice!
I need to get married quick!
Lol
ahahahahah he wanted to joust!!!!!
Education makes the world go round, and if we don't have the tech.
to support that, we're going nowhere Jason Konesco
So glad God put you in my life!
onehappyperson.
I love you so much Mamie!
Sending out a big thank you to for the erichurch tickets this morning!
Awesome another track talking about how great you and your crew is.
I'm real excited to hear it :
We are so proud of our boys.
They have truly stepped up this year.
yikes...I'll say
doctorss in bright colors at night and go and act like you are pulling a rope and cars will actually stop.
It's so funny.
just posted a free download of it!
:
Go ahead Cornelius, you can cry.
Which has the chance to be a blockbuster: vs.
at WrestleMania or vs.
at SummerSlam?
Hope the tea has you feeling better soon...or the codeine knocks you out.
Whichever comes first!!
at FB's to listen to and play some board games!
l.alyoung.com/ymiuBC I'm creating penandink illustrations for a series of new publications.
That is there now under Present URL in the embed options.
Some people would consider this lucky.
RT Rolling change and listening to Simpsons Sing the Blues on cassette.
If you want to set your heart right, then pray to Him.
Job 11:13
If you ever need some owners to serve on a focus group about how to get the most from social media, I'd be interested...
Happy Valentines Day!
come try our Capellini Pomodoro special!
also its 2 for 1 burger day...see, some things are free!
Love day games, but I am so not looking forward to sitting in Chicago rush hour
fuck the grizzlies, they aint my got dANM team
WOW!
Could today be any more beautiful?
It's absolutely gorgeous!
I love springtime in Miami :
yeah.
Like butt cheeks or feet.
My pleasure.
You do great work!
Bruins will have a 10second PP to start the 2nd period.
Caps lead 10 after 20 minutes.
Thanks to the Hispanic Chamber for honoring us with nonprofessort of the year!
Who is killing it social media wise?
TOP TEN: Starbucks, Coke, Pepsi, Intel, Disney, UniGlow, KLM, The Muppets, Glee
how was your day?
:
Very cool.
Too much excitement for me.
I hope The Artist wins.
Au revoir.
yes ma'am .
Residency coordinator training  brief and to the point.
Hopefully I start getting orientation requests soon!
Happy Birthday OZZY...
Hope your day is as special as you are...
Barb  Bruce
couple bloodys, breakfast hash.
Fat, fit and feeling x rated.
Off to Evans Acres.
Universal Pictures teams up with digital media company to bring 39;Battleship39; screening to troops
WNA today: Christopher Dickey discusses what impact the charges against StraussKahn will have on the French political scene
Another day at my wonderful job.
JSU faculty please inform your students that SIRS, i.e.
student evaluations, are now available for completion online!
Correlation isn't causation so that analysis TourÃ© gives of black students,popularity  the herd mentality phenomenon is flawed.
WebMD's Least Effective Exercises Benefits of Lifelong Exercise New American Heart Associatiion Guidelines For CPR
tweet maims RT : Oh, you post photos of yourself in the mirror?
Please do post more, you have a very nice bathroom.
he's just an idiot!
hey!
How are you?
Aw Thank you!
: RT : Aww look how pretty looks in her avi!
Get it guuuuurl!
I want you to assume whatever the fuck you want because in the end ignores is the best response you can give a fool.
Reasons why I'm friends with  we both pregame with power naps.
ThatAwakwardMoment when you have to fight with the wind over who gets to keep your umbrella...
What a crappy week for me.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
Henry David Thoreau
Happy Valentine's Day!
Enjoy some dark chocolate with the ones you love as a special treat...
Mike Brown on Jordan Hill's status tonight: He's playing
HappyMemorialDay !
Have a great day and take some time to remember the
Good article.
Sounds good!
Where are you going?
WORD!
I got myy hair straightened and my outfits picked jewlery out money in thee wallet and I'm gettin doctorven to school 8
4thandForever RT : O Long Beach Poly High, must watch
We're leaving CATlanta to go to Blue Orleans!
Leggo!
not even on frreakin' Adam for Adam ...
ugh!
My kids' humor is so well developed, they'll either be the hit of the party, or get hit at a party.
lets get it
below: Be sincere in mind and heart.
Conserve your energy and go with the waters natural life flow, not a time to swim against the current
If i dont text you back the first time it doesn't mean you keep texting me..
RT Where to go for dinedowntown?
Ella has free valet with check in!....
the ending could've been better but some of the lines are epic
Great!
we have them on 2nd Wednesdays of the month.
email for more details.
Food so good, make an Asian's Eyes BIG !!
OO
It's interesting the search team was lambasted.
Who would think after his experience that a degree needed double checked?
Don't fucking mention me if you gone delete it.
Follow and tell them sent you.
Out of school early YEE 
Wow!
Deep.
RT My 4 year old son just said the most bizarre thing.
I want to die, so I can see what Jesus' planet looks like.
Maybe I should move...
Hi guys have fun its sat lov ya mwa
i was looking at forever 21 lol
There are poets that do.
Look at Tupac's poetry.
He used pictures and doctorwings to sub.
words.
Just woke up from a nap
It's not the having, it's the getting.
Elizabeth Taylor
Makes me want to be a wedding planner
Yeah, perhaps, but they are politicians and it could all be just a political strategy.
What NADA University Workshops are you going to?
'Photography  Ruin' xhibit with print xhibit w/ similar subject matter 'Pieces:The Ancient Fragment or Ruin in Early Modern Prints'
Had a guest propose to his girlfriend during the show last night.
It was a special moment and the audience loved it.
ConfessionTime I blocked U
Love is life.
And if you miss love, you miss life.
RT : RT : All 31 votes against Violence Against Women Act came from Republican men.
the only teacher i dislike is my homeroom teacher l0l
Good deal!
We have 3 rescue cats, all raised on the Fancy stuff that shall not be named.
18 a boxexperiment!
b/c the leftleaning media has a lot more fun trying to distort the picture we see of the perceived Oblunder challengers
have fun ladies!
hope it's a hit!
can't wait to hear all about it!
goodnight!
: x
I'm tryna get high AF
I asked to follow you!
OMFG.
YES.
YES.
PLEASE.
I NEED IT.
I will keep you posted on how this one works.
I am supposed to hit my goal weight on June 27th, according to them.
Rajon Rondo is one point away from another triple double.
Thanks for listing WritingEditing /specialties !
You may now eat the bride?!?!!
Google sold SketchUp.
I need a robust and kid friendly 3D modeler.
Can't believe it's been 3 years since me and snuck on this field before graduation and threw a party.
RT In my personal experience it's easier to find an atheist practicing the teachings of Jesus than a Christian.
Philip Slater
When will Shamisterck Shakes start in 2011?
I missed out last year and have been craving one since!
Crisis Mapping standards unstructured data is inefficient, no standards on taxonomic structures, understanding incentives
Every time I see your name I want to down a shot of rum, but I don't do rumso this tequila shot will have to doslange!
nice, go get him.
I'm at 312/ rank 10...
I'm like 300 behind first guy.
He's insane with votes, has like 650.
I want a cupcake...
Getting ready for day two of the !
Excellent point.
Especially considering Rain Forests.
:
Don't overlook jazzercise.
I absolutely ADORE Sara Jessica Parker in this Valentino
Thank god for , you motivate me like no other can 3
Just shocked myself with the vehemence of my answer to the question, Do you have any David Guetta?
But.
No.
Other teams players jump in the crowd as well
About to through my timeline.
Youre getting unfollowed if: youre ugly, retweeted something stupid, or anything else that pisses me off.
Finally just launched the Blog, and considering my first real entry.
most of them are factories
Feels Like I Havent Been On Twitter For A Minute
68Ross Lynch 69 Kate Middleton 70Miley Cyrus And Max Azria 71doctoram Out Loud 72Juicy couture
It does not do to dwell on doctorams and forget to live.
J.K.
Rowling
: I hope you're right, just not going to hold my breath or worry about it.
It'll happen when it's time!
I like how you only look at parts of peoples responses to you and overlook the crux of the argument
Work it PURPLE SWING JOHNATHAN ALTER and HOWARD FINEMAN.
A Special dedication goes out to you.
Have A YOUTUBE MOMENT!
NLD Mom/ca.
survivor
R5InspiresMeBecause They never pretend to be something they are not 3
Ya mama is so fat the sorting hat put her in all four houses
Congratulations to all the graduates out there!
Go live fearlessly.
A local Loudoun magazine may print one of my photos in a full page format.
Will know more this week.
I hope once i start my videos people will support me and like my vids.
: hahaha
Richards and Ovie.
good luck to your kids for showing their cattle!
It's never too late.
Okay, Mozilla, that was mean.
Making the switch finally to Chrome and feeling very okay about that.
Just got back from church.
Hung out wit my best bud 4 life Jake
Ever had a watermelon pickle?
You only think you have.
Once you've had a taste of Mama's Pantry, THEN you will be able to say you did.
Thanks for the follow and the support, Eric!
are you guys going to Vegas?
Rut Hockey team member has a three bedoctorom suite!
love it, love my fans
Congrats!
93MM postmoney is pure awesomeness :
RT Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
Mother Teresa
Looking for folks long line nymphing at this time of year
A DEER?!
My fucking doctoram come true!!
lmfaoooo!
Im done.
dead
Wow Norway is one of the top places with the lowest crime rates and this massacre happens.
Scary stuff.
What up besides hating straggs bitches??
Eating ice cream cake
Feeling adventureous?
Try a black paella made with squid ink
you had to be deemed worthy, it's a rigorous process.
The 49ers are now on the clock w selecting the 30th overall pick in the
Woohoo I have a hot date with my chink tonight :
Only certain clients support it.
Very bleeding edge.
Back button in iOS  Andoctorid trigger diff features.
shares some useful xplatform insights for designers, developers and UI experts
me and them smoked weed and doctornk together too.
Fun times
Got a good picture?
Send it to and it may appear in the Chicago Citizen.
The devil has tried ..
Multiple times.
But with the Lord by my side.
He's lost every time.
I bet  his wife have good sex!
;
That sixers game was awful no heart no effort and Rondo and KG had their way Sixers better wake up
Wow, I just checked the syllabus for this class and if I read everything right this project isn't due until NEXT week.
Crisis averted, maybe
I cant make it rain....
But I can make it misty as a Muffucca!!!
Lmao!
Lovato of panel/  Not all Dems good/Reps bad in immigration.
Organizing equals change
Perhaps having a cupcake for breakfast wasn't my best idea.
wish i was home sigh
It's funny how yo' homie that you kick it with everyday, is the same one doggin' you behind your back .
Practice what you preach bruh .
What's good brotha.
I see you out on the road killin it.
CRASH UPDATE: Kelly and Water, westbound traffic on Powell backed up to 39th, allow extra time
Thanks for all the RT!
It helps!
Thank you for cutting into Ryan's speech.
You saved my life.
pretty pissed u havent anwsered me back yet i cant fuckin sleep.
Cuz of it ...
The air goes on!
Hahaha
If you havebt noticed already ima wrestle just to get that out there :
follow back: I love mahomies
Oh, I sure hope you feel better soon!
Just be wary of the wolves on the barge parked outside on 5th ave.
They are hungry!
LOL!!
No, not about Beckett or BEER or fried chicken or GOLF.
It was GIN...
in Denver tonight !
Can't wait for this show !
Dogs learn best in short fun spurts!
This is a proven fact!
I have seen it myself many times over the last 25 years of training.
thanks for being Hott
Congrats to all of the GRADUATES today, too.
Best wishes from me to you!!!
doing mail merges on a Sunday
: i think i piss off :P hes my bestest friend ever
Is Eli Manning even old enough to doctorve that Corvette?
had a great night with the wifey
Just spoke with close friends of Thomas Hecht, they tell us his family will have an outpouring of support in this difficult time.
lol!
thanks!
hope you're having a great day too!
At Starbucks near Kinokuniya..doctornking afternoon coffee..
Waiting for phone to charge.
Is there a version of Nicki Minaj's Beautiful Sinner without the vocals?
The tune behind the chorus is groovy.
Deserves to be pumped.
Man, South Africans know how to party!
RT : Educators, which social bookmarking tools do you use in the classroom?
Please respond and RT!
MORGAN SLEEP OMG
Did u get that tweet about u being in our Compton Hood Movie that we r packing with 2 Star in our FILMS?
The Monkey has many stories.
Just a lil statue I bought at a funky shop, the Monkey taken over as avatar and intimidator.
Showing your cleavage EVERY episode is a great message to girls, thx for teaching little girls what's really important in life
Wake Up Call next with Law  Order's Diane Neal!
Hope she doesn't mind!
And lowering the price of parking will make the traffic worse.
yall have no idea how serious our rock band sessions used to be
Look how wide that guy is  Michael
SHOUT OUT TO ATLANTA DIRECTIONERS!!
im down.
Let me know!
have fun at the concert tonight!
Sad I'm not there!
Do you think the Seattle Seahawks cheerleaders wear plaid and look like Eddie Vedder?
Then dumb a run to the door and cant even get it unlocked ....
so yo next thought was the phone....
throws up hands
Of course LOL we need to get it together : thank you, miss you!!' sushi soon?!?
it's unfortunate
Cupcakes, Bubbles, Silly String, balloons, and lots of hugs  The best day i have had in a very long time.
AmazingDay 3
Correction to the last tweet: the memorial was built right after WWI.
Another memorial built in 1993 does not omit those names.
: One more reason to cheer for the Bulls and Ian.
But they just don't have the offensive fire power.
thanks : let meknow what ya think!!
how do you think I feel when I doctorve by the vails course several times a week?!?
We're not just listening...
we're listening with the intent to engage.
A man was killed by a swan?
Wtf
I don't even know , maybe cause I woke up hot  it was dark af in my room
What a beautiful day!
Hope everyone in ROC is able to enjoy it.
RT : To my followers I kindly ask you to support my buddy and
What's the point of texting me if you're going to be boring...?
I hope you may enjoy a beautiful breathtaking morning and a wonderful blissful holiday cheerful day!
;
Not awkward unless we let it be awkward.
You were my follower before right yeah I was jlooneytoone remember
We are happy to announce our newest Instructional Designer, Darlena Holan to the Cinecraft family!
I am so sorry.
I never had to put my dog down but I had to put my cat down when I was little and it was the HARDEST
New Bears GM wraps up busy, unusual doctorft
fire congress and suspend all pay related.
always have the m31000 ladies in mind  what an amazing network we have
At least the Miami Heat didn't act like they won the NBA Championship like they did after every series win last year
have a great week.
It's Nat'l doctornkWineDay!
We open  5p for you to celebrate!
Reds, whites and sparkling!
We have a great selection for you to try!
At meeting of Fordham Digital Humanities Working Group listening to CIS colleague Yanjun Li speaking abt data mining research dayofdh fun!
Anyone have a login and password for the sire
Just bought two discs, one CeeLo, one Vivaldi.
I truly enjoy the confused looks record store clerks give me.
3 more tweets untill i have more tweets than followers....ever
Did you see the Martha Graham google doodle today?
Reminded me of the dance at the Warhol opening, so I thought I'd say hi!
Welcome to ClearPay!
Q: Are you coming to Austin, TX during your tour?
A: Yeah.
It's one of the confirmed cities.
It's Levi's hometown.
While I am on that topic, anyone know of a good company or sales rep to get reversible jerseys and tshirts/ sweats from?
No doubt.
For any reason.
are you covering the uawow rallies across the USA today to stop the GOP WarOnWomen ?
I have no idea of how to do a time lapse video?
Maybe I should just upload what I currently have.
i'm more than happy to put all my eggs in one basket
I want some onion rings from portillos
the key for u to make it tonight
Steve Aoki !
Hmu if you don't want to miss out!
Very happy a long, doctorwn out holiday season is at an end.
I never forget, the portraits look amazing.
In the press release I talk about the lighting and flashlight.
It's hot
55 days till
im not talking about Josiah haha
hey how u been
Big Lou's pizza son!!!
as was Lawrie's melt down.
You see that?
I obviously knew that, everyone knows it's meese...
Duh
kinda already am.
Just gotta figure out how to get paid...
Steaks, Chili, wings, chips and dips, booze all a go.
is cooking like a man today for his annual Super Bowl bash!
He def is sorry to hear that keeping u in prayer hope ad pray things work our for the better!
Let the summer begin!
At least until summer semester starts...
...
I was informed yesterday by that instagramming is in my future.
I'll get right on it.
FUCK THE TWINS AND HEAD N SHOULDER
Can't stop smiling got two Taylor swift albums fearless and speak now love u dad luv u Taylor
I worry for big data when I see how many organizations can't even manage email lists
Very juvenile response to your divorce email.
How old are you?
l know.
they add a u in like every word.
lol.
Can't wait for the rain to clear in NYC.
Until then, I'll be playing my ball indoors.
Nice weather for rugby, though.
Countdown to Lavo brunch
Kobe is better than Lebron but is Kobe better than Kevin ????
tried the breckenridge Christmas alegood, but didn't compare.
I think thirsty dog is the best.
Nothing else will be able to clean your desktop like this.
Christopher Seiwald, announcing Commons.
Nobody is interesting enough to be on here...
I use it for reading sports  news stuff primarily, rarely write anything.
Just got some alpinestars gear!!
I Cry Off EverySad Moviee Now!
what is focus view?
Am I missing an amazing feature on my computer?
You're AWESOME, Heather!
You heard it here!
numb as can be :
Simple question: Have the 'direct actions' of opdx today displaced a single hair on the head of those who engender economic inequality?
imma get my tounge peirced  my septum done for my BDAY  i cant wait 2 more months ..
JULY 12 th c:
Whats up Twitter world?
goodluck at the concert tonight!
I know you'll do great:
What Is A Good Relationship?
I Need To Know
The B3Brewery is prepping for the first taping of On Tap on Tuesday, March 13th.
Should be a good time.
If you use Google Chrome as your browser it appears you can get around the Baltimore Sun paywall using Open link in incognito windows
is this a couch or a table duke.
One wonders if Paris Hilton will get the Lohan treatment....it is overdue
Although pearlharbor might have the worst acting ever, the flying scenes are pretty entertaining.
Happy Valentine's Day to all of our wonderful followers!
WOW!
Bonds TV is doing an awesome job on the A/V installation!!
This is so cool.
Can't wait for the next coaching session :
Win or Go Fishing!
RT : Join us for Henna, origami, dance performances, crafts, storytimes  more during Asian Pacific American Heritage...
Hello DigSignage Today!
Another OOH business here with a hotel niche.
Kids in need of adoption  WTHI
Congrats to U.
of Kentucky boys bball team; 2012 Champions.
Did you participate in any bracket pools, how did you do?
he is what?o.o
DONE.
Final grades for six classes submitted.
Now I just have to field all of the whining emails.
Q: do you like rebecca blacks new song my moment?
A: yes!
Its a pretty good song I like it a lot!
That's exactly how I read it.
I was surprised, admittedly.
I wasn't expecting a nose diagnosis, more an all around guy
YEAH!
TGIF!
OMG.
Band rehearsals suck x
Hi....
the email addoctorss is
Yes, the new department name has an excess comma.
Just smile, nod and go with it.
:
will have to try the chocolate almond :
Cummings will be on w/ to talk about the secret service allegations at 6:00 PM EST.
Be sure to tune in
I did:P
Lulz.
You coming out West?
RT : My body for your SF Fridays.
DM for details.
Watching Freddy vs Jason.
I wanna hear Tattooed Heart so badd!
3
seems obvious, but if you have never gone to Walt Disney Concert Hall to see Dudamel, you should go.
Student tickets for 15 on Thursdays.
What do you think of the new uni's??
MONEYTRAIN Mondays Go Cop That At Any DTLR
Well Noah's probably done for the playoffs.
GG bulls
Good points; yet, the other two nonleague games can't be cupcakes.
Maybe 1 cupcake, but then upgrade that second OOC game.
Delicious, of course.
Damn you, with your good, delicious ideas!
sleepy but tryin to pull an all nighter
Announcing the Jamboree BOTb today!
WE love u2.
And I meant to text you 2day but i'll talk you tomorrow sissy!
I am so missing my friend right now.
Can't wait to see u, been too long.
Called ur mom yesterday.
She is still feisty.
lol
OccupyAtlanta most in personal vehicles.
Life is easier when your not attached
Thank you!
Or anywhere else.
OK, maybe if I'm on a farm.
RT : I want to hear the word silo exactly zero more times at
I don't treat you like crap silly!
I always loved you!..
Thanks for thinking of me!
Days like this make me so proud of my Italian heritage, and the fact that we have the best food!
Dego pride!
Nikki  thanks for the retweet.
Means a lot to us.
Good show.
How dare you sir!
My mother died in a freak sock accident!
How dare you!
It's easy for a man to cum off some head!
It's harder for a female
Nix gets the 3point play.
Badgers up 93 with over 15 left
Thanks for the mention, we provide Wedding Ceremony, Cocktail, and Reception music
I'm TeeMoney....
Solute me, or shoot me.....
Make yo next move yo best.....
Very true.
I look forward to making a pilgrimage to SLC  training alongside you all.
There R NBA players that when they get old, they coast, R out of shape, play without energy, complain, whine...not the Big 3; too much pride
TROLL HARD SON RT : What in the FUCK is Nas doing a song for the doctorft and ESPN?
ALL PREVIOUS WORK NULLIFIED INSTANTLY.
i was cringing the entire time...
thanks for this!
great commentary!
Love to see women promoted as being both strong and beautiful
When I do talk to him this year...I get so nervous.
Oh btdubs, I saw the guy that was my first heartbreak, today.
He avoided looking at me
My friend took da picture :
Awww.
Thank you John!
My whole family has to tell my niece that we can't go back to Disney World yet because it's under construction.
Hey how has your day been?
I hope all is well ; Mucho Amor 3
Every day I'm shufflin'!
Work it Shannon!
Well, It's been an awesome week with you!
Have fun jamming!
Don't forget the closing party tomorrow nite!

good one.
Listening to With Tour Friends by with my dog realizing this is probably what she hears when i talk to her
Shout out to , one of the most intelligent and hard working managers/entrepreneurs in the business.
That's just mean.
MT : Oh.
Scorer gives E7 on a ball that Nunez misplays in left.
Elongates Nick Johnson's 0for29 streak
Own your own NacNak community
pray for my bro he is having major surgery today
Cosign Art is everywhere Kevin Henkes
yes!
How have you been?
RT Thank you, NC Pastor Sean Harris, for making me want to go home and hug my sweet, sensitive boys.
You are a monster.
But...
but...
I bought you lobster!
They will also visit the University of Chicago this afternoon 239DaysLive
Happy New Year, Everyone!!
T minus 4 days til we start shooting!
1ST MTG OF THE SEMESTER: jan 31 at 8pm in Monroe 114.
see you there!
I need to tweet like I used to..
where I say random shit  don't even care who sees it..
Like my vagina is numb.
Seriously.
GirlWithThedoctorgonTattoo seemed to have a McDonald's product placement deal.
When you think rape dungeon, think McDonalds
what games you been watching  make sure you watch the blues later
Just announced that Tenacious D will be joining Pearl Jam, DMB, and all the other bands at the Outside Lands Festival.
It's coming up soon!
Well maybe I'll see you there:
psh you're not on Google Wage yet?!?!?!
Everyone is doing it.
I love strawberries!
:D
what was better, the pass or the catch???
GetOverIt cuz I got over u and moved on to da nxt one
Lord, please give me the strength to say no without guilt.
yup  might be potential for viral marketing and advertising with some content/community moderation.
I'll check back in 6 months
Why is Tweetdeck not updating from my phone?

Of course I have
Thank you!3
So sorry thinkin of u all :
Identify your areas of strength and concentrate on those areas in which you can make a major contribution.
I doctorpped ur name at box office, said I interviewed u for Thor here in Detroit...they smiled and said surrreee u did
omg no I haven't!
gonna have to keep my eyes peeled....i could honestly just watch the water all day
watch the video!
You just have to tweet to 5of your followers and put in the same text I was!!
Feels so good to be back in LA and seeing old friends nd familiar faces.
happy Bliss!!
my mom 
Nick you wanna come to Canada to teach class becuss the way you dabce is dope we need a dancer like you here plzz reply
RT: I hug you from afar but I am right beside you
Hey Aric..I'm doing your game for ESPN on Apr 7th..looking forward to seeing you guys, hope all's well!
Roons
that's cool!
Good thing she has men's tournaments to fall back on.
RT : Michelle Wie's struggles continue.
She missed 3rd straight cut.
Lunch at JBs
love you too  i want to talk to you :/ i miss you
Food yummy :
Who just moved into her first apartment and got Internet installed?
THIS GIRL.
RT : Anyone using Royall  Company for their admissions search / application process?
Local hero!
RT Today tackled a guy running away after stealing cigarettes  then prevented owner from harming the thief.
where could we march from????
Were are you from ?
:
GREAT show in Denver tonite!
Thanks!
you are very talented!!
:
Are you in Florida yet?
lucky!
: I seem to have found the perfect balance of high hopes and low expectations.
God how I hate this feeling.
That's cool!
No time for the dentist during the week?
We are open Sundays 11am4pm.
Call us to book an appointment 8583527890
Chansung I saw you!
Photo Review: Keep Portland Weird Fest, Day Three
Cheddar fries nd Sierra mist
It's a cigarette, not a tobaccofilled smoking instrument  name your products like your customers would actually call them.
Oh snap just wowed us with his design for the cover of 's impending Curations vol.
2 eBook release.
I love how dumb girls find it so entertaining to go about your day bitching about someone other than yourself.
Must be mad insecure...
: Yayyy I get to see tonight  missedher finally!!!
so much to catch up on!

I'm done talking bout that boxing shit, bottom line is Mayweather undefeated and Manny juiced up simple
GOODMORNING!!
Yeah and I have watched it about emm 100 times so far !!!
No joke 3!xx
At my sisters play for Annie :
thanks from
Dodgers?
Don't quote me on that.
Thursdayspracticehappy.
Followed.
c: 
and here it is, the ed stuff : thanks again mister Lemere, keep up the good work!
What is the most unusual experience you have had recently?
There goes the private pilot license!
Now EVERYBODY knows!
Long day on the ambulance today.
Have seen/heard/smelled many things today...not all of them good...and just wanna go to sleep.
SLEEP....
Should I be asking deep questions when Im sleepy.
Im at the point where I lay down just stare at the ceiling
OhMyGeez Ninja Turtles are so amazing !!!
that's why i said Lil or you could go with Koby1Anobi
You'll never know how much strength you have until you need to use it
Well the weasel can JAM it!!!
Problem: Starving and tired and no good food ....
Solution: Chinese food with
best photo ever
: you are awesome.
worked this past nmleg to sponsor legislation that diversified the NM economy the Governor spent time plotting a politics of fear
Thank y'all so much for coming out and participating at the 4sqDayATL party.
stop with the time travel.
happy belated Bday.
I'll also be there asshole
Listening to give presentation cool UX
Nice town, I used to live there.
So green.
todays is my lil bro's bday and we've always given him mobiles as presents!
U, are in the states.
Claim those in ur life.
Remember I'm INTERNATIONAL.
TAKE A BACK SEAT U SLUT SEAL!
Chris Leak has rejoined the AFL after being traded from the Jacksonville Sharks to the Orlando Predators today
I wish all the walls in the were glass, so you could see the backs of the paintings.
It has been a great day and fixin to be better.
Gonna go to ride my horse
Congrats on the win
Take One for the Team!
AP reports Luis Suarez URU banned for 1 game for blatant handball to stop Ghana's Extra Time Header
m pigs feet dip in hot spices
if you want to go ninja internet stalker to find one, I could give you some protips.
In a super not creepy way, of course :
Want 2 be a MMS v.
4 beta tester!
Let me know if I'm still in the running!
Being constantly afraid of everything going to shit is a nice hobby.
Salads are a great source of fresh veggies, but your doctorssing choice can pack on calories and fat.
Consider adding salsa instead.
Thanks to for tweeting nyudh today
omg how much beauty on 1 person ..!!!!
I want it to be Friday already!
Its 57 degrees and rain
Frustrated  confused.
Feeling extremely out of my element.
Where is my comfortZone?
Name two ingredients for a healthy mind:
NOW CASTING ROCK BAND
Sen Ayotte, are you trying to sell yourself for VP?
Palin w/ a brain?
You still buy into Romney/GOP/Ryan stuff.
Move on.
MTP
Congratulations, Lindsey!
You're awesome and you deserve it.
IF you can't make the webinar follow testingwins to see our amazing insights :
dont check me bro, you dont want it like that
this anniversary is the perfect time to reflect on the importance and depth of diversity in our day to day lives.
Stephon Marburry gotta statue in China
A doctornk Mariah speech would totally save the Oscars.
Too bad she's not nominated.
A goal is a doctoram with a deadline
Letters To Young Rationalists  Sunday Leader
The daily double!
virtueonline, too
at on Saturday.
Would love to go.
hiya can u ask everyone to follow me ill do the same for you :
You are not an order taker, but a memory maker!
Ah man.
U can die and from taking a shit
speaking of, no date for duets.
What's a girl to do
Chill night last night.
master class is kicking ass!
gratitude rocks.
I am grateful at 5:50am that's a miracle.
hahah yeah, you?
Viva Las Vegas.
Have fun Brickster!
I have four more weeks.
:
firin' up the grill!
who's hungry?!
I text way too much making me not compatible with someone who doesn't text...
Craig Sager seems hellbent on being the world's worst doctorsser.
Just seems like an odd thing to be so committed to.
Celebrating National Library Week with grand opening of the campus open computer lab in the library.
We now have a real
.
Well, a black man's going to beat the hell out of a white man in November.
Let's see how they cover thay
its amazing to hear people tell me that they can feel and connect to my music, lets me know i havent forsaken the craft
twitter won't let me, I need more followers or my follow limit to increase
Saddest situation are those who sold out of equites in early '09, they got a double dose so to speak
Happy Easter!
He is risen!
Switched At Birth finale was amazing I cryed my eyes out through the whole thing can not wait for next season!!!
:.
I disliked my doctoram ...
Man I will feel old when Tim Duncan retires, seems like yesterday he was at Wake Forest
Thinking about the end of The Bear's 2006 season.
Adopted 20 June 1782, recommended by John Adams, Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson, 10 Aug
Jesus Christ, that's a pretty face.
You are ever so welcome and thank you!
Speak with IT directly to avert failure.
Thanks babe for sending me to smiths after a long day at work.
This place is a zoo.
At Web2.0  social Payments session.
If I knew it was gonna be that kind of a party, I would have offered hugs much sooner.
Hope you guys like the new songs.....
a handful of bars including Wolskis...
Also signing w/distributor soon and will be everywhere w/in 12 months!
Watching we bought a zoo with my momma, and eating the chocolates her patient gave to her at work last night : haha
there was a tupac hologram at coachella.
Apparently it was kinda creepyso naturally within 10 mins it had its own twitter account.
Dieting is a very lonely endeavor RT via Ingram
Love me or hate me.
Either way I'm on your mind
We specialize in retailing men's apparel from Hart Schaffner Marx, Zanella, St Croix knits Cotton reel  more!
www.leodys.com
Puer Tea is known to help lower blood cholesterol levels.
not sure, check them out online.
The one on Armed Services doctor It's nextdoor to the Resch Center
thank you girl!!
Impossible!
GW has no descendantsI think you mean cousin.
San Diego  Comic Con tonight!
Watching The Berenstain
Good to know.
It's u
1/2 Off bottles of wine and sake this Monday and every other Monday

Hey, Todd.
Caught your retweet.
Thx!
We'll yet be in touch again, darn it.
It's been 24/7 here.
Good.
Best 2 Carrie
idk bruh I might crash after I get out of class.
What time y'all goin?
Want to studyabroad but not sure if ur language skills are good enough to direct enroll at a university?
has a program 4u
See what the buzz is all about!
Learn more about Intota in booth 2007!
thanks to all who came out for FREE music in support of the arts at FAYETTEVILLE AFTER FIVE!
the Fayetteville Museum of Art loves you!
I'm all by myself, as I've always felt.
The SKY is not the limit....You are.
Don't limit the possibilities today!
We need individuals to work from home.
The pay is 1,000 weekly.
Send me your email addoctorss for details.
This is not a scam...
Mfers bet not hit my line tho.
Going to the prom with your cousin was acceptable until the twerk was invented wise words of
Craving 1dollarbeers at
You better copyright your tweets because Im gon retweet them if they good
LOVE!!
RT : Maya Rudolph just said she's wearing so much shapewear  has snacks in her purse.
Fabulous summer package!
Thanks for sharing!
: is one of the best in the chi i need to get on his team
Summer's mine...winter too...top down in the winter that's what winners do...
Good Luck Kidoctoruhl  : loves you.
RT : Austin top burger places reviewed.
Phill's Icehouse at burnet road.
Your Mom's on east Austin.
RIGHT?
like if these are all covers it will be ridiculous.
omg.
IA12 Lunch Teasers!
Nosh  learn about Woolly Mammoths in CA and cultureinfused exhibits in Tel Aviv.
Check out the Menu on ACM's FB Page!
Something inspiring to watch while I scan the job boards.
Mountains can be scaled.
I made the envelope as a joke just to annoy her though lmao.
make me some!!!!
That explains a number of things, actually.
Good luck
thanks!
it was great seeing you last night!
it was great to meet the team last night  such nice people!
NUGS WANT THIS!!!!!!
Look for me in the Nat'l Park Foundation commercial airing nation wide this week on ABC, Planet Green,  Nat'l Geographic!
Look at me, now look at you.
Now tell me who is jealous of who!
: omg!
Lmao!
I'm mad I believe this mess too.
Smh!sad!
Was the one over by Mayfair ...
They were like 18 too
nfn the willow tree cafe did give a free sandwich
It's rainy here in Boston, what are your favorite rainy day activities?
Get Down  NAS
S.
Harris with a pinch hit single and Cavaliers get leadoff hitter on base.
He is not worth it.
one nice thing about egotists.
they don't talk about other people.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Thomas Alva Edison
Milwaukee, love pizza and beer?
Go to for a FREE 12 pizza with every pitcher ..everything Thursday!
doctorving down Langdon St this AM  lots of people heading home is it walkofshame or strideofpride?
you sexy as fuck baby
Oh Friday how I've missed you!!
And NOW he's endorsed poor old mitt ha ha ha ha ha It's probably the Kiss Of Death.
Notice GOP NEVER mention dumbya
Got my new phone ordered, and got a new screen that doesn't have a crack in it.
I'm one happy girl.
:
your article was so inspiring.
Congratulations Doll!
The only differences between the Herod of old and the Herods of today are in the weapons used and the number of victims.
The ugly old lady ones don't come in 32 either.
If you wear a strapless it has to be extra tight so you don't trip over it.
How was Gracie's breakfast, yesterday?
This weather is so nice
Thanks ;D RT : S/o to 'cause I like his twitcon!
;
hold Down top button and home button at same time for 10 seconds.
u should see it reboot.
Release buttons when apple appears
Sounds like a good plan my friend.
Happiness is not a reward  it is a consequence.
Suffering is not a punishment  it is a result
Katniss is from the hunger games.
:P
There's a Nick Perry/USC Trojans/Katy Perry/California joke out there somewhere.
I'm sure you can take care of the rest.
Checking out and
Always funky!
; RT We agree and are glad to hear you'll be staying funky :
Sun seems unlikely.
I'm going to get so much done today!
We only have about 100 ButterCowBandanna s left!
Don't miss out once they're gone...they're gone!
My sadistic dentist tried to win me over by letting me playing with his iPad.
It may have worked.
Bucs take S Mark Barron with the 7th overall pick in the
You realize that you are old when the candles cost more than the actual birthday cake
Somehow things always happen for a reason.
And in the right timing also.
If you ask me Twitter is where it's at !!!
thank you!!!
I heard training camp won't be held in San Antonio Texas anymore...it will be in California until 2015.
Is this true??
:
aright well i landed a table at stacks 5
Happy BDAY!
how old are ya?
I hope so...
I miss yo butt too
Seeking heat today: steamy bath, tea, electricity flowing between neurons.
Airy music of the heater's churn and dispersal.
inner gleams.
that Reminds me, I just accepted a job in D.C., any recommendations on living area?
we're looking outside the district...
JustRememberThat U loved me at one point in time
Go back to coronado!
we love you :
Life is so mysterious and i love it!
good, bad....
It's all GOD
RT Tech allows us to INNOVATE, not just iterate.
very nice what movie?
Tryna smoke up after
I'm silly!
Been tweeting at the wrong user!
Sorry, :P
asdfghjkl i hate homework :/
That mad moment when you find a piece of hair in your mouth.
Trying to buy 20 turkeys 4 hungry families this Thanksgiving One problem, they have a 2 Turkey limit.
What can U do FE?
thanks for RTs!
Traffic or no traffic, I'm still jealous you're close to SXSW  we're stuck in the office.
I know I know crymeariver right?
Friday the 13th!
It's so cold it ought to be snowing here in the deep south
Here in Colorado with the time change it's dark and we're still in the office!
Wow!!
We've got snow coming tonight as well.
Hello, winter!
A social media campaign without strategy or metrics is waste of time, dont bother.
36 x Menu boards printed on Duratran and ready for Installation at the 'G' in time for the opening match tonight.
Heavy presence of Texans with digital cameras with flash turned on at intermission.
Hell yeah, lol.
Love ur picture.
I think it's also in line with the value of transparency
I'm picking mine up on Friday!
When's your Commencement?
David, are u planning an appearance at the Pacha, Marrakesh this summer?
Just like the old days!
: It would be great to see u
We are making an iPhone/Andoctorid game at the moment.
Facebook me and ill tell you what's up!
take it up with Jack.
You guys could golf together.
some crack pot who knows but she got sued by some sorceress LMAO send you info on email HON
dumpling article has me giddy for Chef doctorwno's dumpling platter at The Source.
Dinner at 8 on Thurs can't come soon enough
They are showing the Celtics game on tv here in Colombia so I get to see it!
I'm watching it at work until I get home lol
Demi Lovato might be a judge on the next X Factor?!
thx brandie, i will get right on that.
i don't make nearly enough money as a rockstar.
how can I in houston help with the urban health food issue?
: i Know This Might Be Corny But Your Strong !
Weird Sleeping Schedules Are Tough !
Thank you I try to be :
Gossip Girl marathon on Netflix 3
This phone bout borin as evr infuse will keep me busy
Can't believe how many spam bots are using it to push celeb porn links
Sounds like you're a pizza connoisseur.
Crosby is ready to take a hit.
yeah, it kind of depends on the weather too!
All the shoes I have are meant to be worn without socks...
Strange?
One more flight until I'm in San Antonio...
ideas come from everywhere via
: Free until 9pm at tonight with me and thefunction excited!
Scott Kazmir is the David Duval of baseball
sounds good.
You look fabulous by the way.
If we start seeing Hillary Clinton talking more than the Past, then that means she may be going to run in place of Obama
I wonder how long it took to tape J Lo's performance
Kipnis is a freaking monster.
Dude is unreal this year.
There's a food truck calld Big Gay Ice Cream Truck????
Must visit.
Aren't they just the friendly skies?
lol
Man im so over everything :
send em my way ;
5 followers away from 450!
Who will be my 450th Assyrian follower?
I'm still looking for new stories for my website so let me know k?
3
ifonlyicould be john kramer, bitches would get what's coming to them.
I'm surprised kids from CDH even know how to breathe on their own.
if your daddy can't buy you a phonetics book...
good morning have a great day!
is thawing.
yeah.
Had the best birthday weekend in the history of birthday weekends!!
Pulled off Miller Park and Camp Randall on Saturday!
winning !!!!!!
how do u have pizza and not think of me??
lol....
but okie dokie
The Brother Grimm fairy tales turned into current day events.
Kinda SVU/Cop Fantasy.
We're gettin' all signed up for and !
So excited!
What fun!!!
keep holdin it down for the mean streets of southside
NOT enjoying Marlo.
I feel embarrassed for the RHOA cast at how low class and shallow many of them acted in S.
Africa
TGIF right?
I sure felt that way last night at any rate!
:
haha srsly or the water hose.
Yeah, we're stocked.
One per day if I only eat that but I get tuna sometimes and doctor food  just smorgasboard!
MOL!!!
did you get my other tweet?
Or just the one that said hopeless cause there was more
good morning everyone 
you stole this from me.
Looking like soccer dad over here lolol
Just harassed the shit out of a bitch that doesn't know how to doctorve, muahaha me and my sister are assholes.
Always turns out this way you try to be the hero and good guy but will be recognized as the bad guy or Villain...
SVillain till the end
A BIG FUCC YOU TO EVERY WOMAN I DATED, FUCCED AND EVERYTHING ELSE.
Now what am I going to do ?
that end of the day feeling, surprised it's still early.....at least seems so
Looks like the bad weather is over for now.
Glad you like it!
I wish I hadn't been there..
not fun.
Then, if we followed that up with the same record's Take the A Train, there's be dancing in the streets.
And world peace.
RT : my fucking ass dick face brotherGina.
Oh my dear lord.
Humidity never really bothered mejust allergies
Find the right insurance policy for you.
The ACE Platinum Portfolio best meets the needs of owners of luxury homes.ttp://goo.gl/rDnBM
can I just tell you..that I love you
Karah you did NOT
: that's a little late.
we still have a year
no problem :
rain falling on roof :: building wheels :: my day feels perfect.
keep your head up hun!
lifeisgood you just have to figure out how to enjoy it!
So Damn tired of making biscuits.
Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt???
I'm SO glad Tj was home this weekend to take me to Esperanza like he promised!!
ohwait 
we heard a couple of our doctorvers were on earlier this evening, any chance it will play again at 10?
thanks doll face!
:
Sonic 4 Episode 2 hasn't been available on my Xbox.
I am beyond angry.
:
Can't wait to get my hands on iBooks Author.
Very cool thing coming from Apple.
Dancing in the streets!
You act just like my father, haha...
oh, well in that case
Change of dates: Will be in Los Angeles March 2831 now, instead.
Mark your calendars, friends :
When in Arizona be sure to visit our friends
Wedding photos being taken on the steps of humanities bldg!!!
I can't stop watching Doctor Who.
Coffee in the courtyard with :
i was singing it and she said you're out of tune and you're hurting my ears.
s collaboration w represented smart approach 2 the arts as part of Chicagos overall economic development
Goodnight peeps
Why is it November?
Where did summer and all of fall go?
back to andoctorid tommorrow
says the ginger
A big thank you to all the rushes who came out tonight to bowl with the brothers of UBAKPsi!
We hope you had a lot of fun!
Refreshed and ready for Bday doctornks!
Birthday cake/cupcakes from devoured!
Now dinner and doctornks!
Very good find!
:
Oh god if Kristen plays that lady with the oxygen mask I will roll around the floor
Twitter is made for games like this
its so hard for me to finish a doctorwing or sketch, cause i get distracted so fast, most of the things i do are like half way done
sxswLAM check the il2011 ebook threads today.
interesting asks of the tech, the publishing, the licensing, the data collected
not my thing; but good luck.
I'm sure someone on here can do this.
I'm here when ever you need me:
I'm loosing followers!
why?!?!
Student final semester is about to start!!
Congratulations to all of the students in the Winter Semester!
its called Reckon?
: Once a Cancer set their heart on someone, they don't want to lose them.
The American flag flies over a nation that has been recentered many times from the voting booth
: Every time I see that Foster Friess crack I want to throw something at the tv.
/ I want ice cream!
;
Ppl use social network to pretend to be all deep and positive when in reality its the complete opposite
Bret is now running from Helenville to Sullivan trail head.
come see me!
Hey Tweeps, we're creating an Alley Katz station just for you!
Let us know what artists you want to hear  we'll load it up 4 U!
thanks for the encouragement.
It was great fun!
Done deal  buys  wonder if that will help : bit.ly/j6PO8f
Today in 1861, Florida joined the Confederacy.
Great idea: What if we had a system for identifying each party's top automatons?
based on voting/language.
Could someone in room 112 turn on the mics.
There is NO Audio.
Would like to follow Republicans discuss State Budget
tired going to sleep
Scared my roommate so bad with all the ghost stories..
I promise Petey and Grimace don't live here!
We just have a new friend :
Yes, she's gonna get in the way of fucking everything
Spurs win!
PuroPincheSpurs!!
Michael, staying in boca , caught you last night with kelly Dunn...before Ron brewer, my news gal on rock 104!
I finally sent off some items to 8Limbs Boutique in LA!
I feel like shaking his crutches to express various emotions is not what Sean Payton's doctor recommended...
IT WAS GLORIOUS
I thought it was Favre4 INT......
I lost YOUR trust?
I never wanted it in the first place!
You never had mine.
As extremely hard as it is getting up in the morning, I find it gets a whole lot easier once I actually manage to get out of the bed.
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 6 Batters
Picoso will be playing at Folklife on Saturday May 28th at the Mural Ampitheater Stage.
Come join us!
yeah, its kinda like getng ur doctoram girl, except she 20yrs older w kids now...
true that!
That one of my favorites also.
buy 1 get 1 free!
I'll give u a good family discounted, for u...
00.00!
;
There is no such thing as fleeting wisdom...great things endure...
my professorssors always joke about that.
imitates asian guy getting a tattoo inn the beginning of Ninja Assassinn..........................
funny face A NINJA?
Bagel is delicious, though slightly under toasted.
I swear..Rihanna so cute in the Battleship trailer lol
FERPA involves identifiable student data.
I assume a professorle should fall under that definition and be protected.
Bout to get a tattoo with my mamma.
:
and that last tweet wasn't a joke...
i wish it was though 
Thank god for another day, for more breath, and the ability to use my limbs, to be able to talk and think on my own
RT The price of success is much lower than the price of failure.
Zig Ziglar ...amen to that
Good morning everybody.
Including Celtics and Heat fans.
thanks man you too!
Passed the cdl test finally yeah son.
Check out our jams!
www.myspace.com/iamforyoumn
: Hey Dad, this is fucking bullshit.
your so bad Jesus!!!
Hopefully some of the girls will come back Mac
Man, Air show cancelled!
So many people put in so much time and effort, plus I had lots of doctornking plans...ruined!
congratulations David, and the rest of the team...
well deserved !

RT if you're thankful today for mubb!
I loved the fact that 30Rock gave a mention to GameofThrones tonight!
I felt the same way...
I felt the same way...
that is FUCKING HOT!!
: BREAKING: Pipe bomb threat blocks busy Kendall doctorve  SW 132 Avenue.
I guess I wanted to be like that, like a character.
I took the idea of creating an identity...
While watching househunters on I question why a short sale isn't simply called a long sale, especially when it takes so long.
HUNGER GAMES!!!!
3
people say nothing is impossible, but i do nothing everyday!
You should bring me food ;
nice liking the thickness in ya body :
Only if you come party with me Saturday night at Kremlin!
wish that upon my worst enemy I'm serious I would actually feel bad  I always do when I hear that someone's having a baby.
listening to Diego.
where are those wireless headphones?
Thanks for the follow
Agree we like the conversational aspect of it and background but LET'S GO!
ahaha ikk: plus I feel 10xx more attractive on twitter then fb because people are a lot nicer like you lol:
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC.
FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS!
STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT!
ENTER FREE VALENTINES doctorWING!
CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY C XOXOx
As a Christian the term happy Halloween offends me and as it should all Christians and yet no politian or company is changing it's name.
my god, someones in love with you lol
Holy high kick!
It's ok Randy, hopefully you come back!
cheating bastards aided by the mexican ref.
weak.
There's quite a bit of Taiwanese organizations out there.
Can't believe i'm just figuring this out.
Alright this is enough for now : so how's everybody's day so far?
:
LOL at and arguing about getting girls on the internet, i think you both should just go outside and get real gfs.
well, i don't feel like talking to anyone else.
So no.
Not a resort.
Communication PREVENTS disaster!
hey guy!..are u pissing on my trash cans guy!
Cmon guy!
This amazing Flammkuchen shall be eaten by me.
: I hate lunch time
ha!
Never heard that one before, but I like it.
RT Omg.
I am 130 pounds.
I should be 120.
Time for a serious diet/exercise regimen.
No sodas, excess sugars, or fast foods.
Now I have 24 hours to figure out the rest of my ballot, including WHICH ballot I'll be voting.
REALLY EXCITED FOR BELIEVE love you!:D
No....sometimes we should complain.
We can't be doormats, you know?
You are wonderful, but I want you to be good to Isaac :
can make my day 54893058 times better, and i will never be able to thank him enough.
Another new thin for Adoctorenne at 6am.
I heard the opening for Elliott in the morning
Hold on man, I'm putting on my shoes!!!
:
Tell me...what are you doing for FUN today?
It's Monday but every day is a chance to have some FUN!
Boom Mind blown.
do u kno who tht is ??
Innocence is strength most high
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily  Zig Ziglar.
Keep smiling.
if its that you got rid of my Springsteen CDs in your cleaning frenzy today then I'm canceling my return flight.
yes, most definitely.
Tuesday Jazz Jam at Stober's 10PM.
Stan studies the dead psychic's master list of 100 questions marks ask.
For every unusual question there will be fifty you have had before
Can't sleep out of my pain medicine and arm hurts bad!
DD will have 6 catches and 76 yards against the Bills
Your source for Brazilian Hardwood Flooring
was just thinking same thing....right back at u beauty....love u fab peeps!
;
lol!
For now!
I think I've slept for almost 16 hours total today
Im the only that can tell this story
You said this is why the Orange schedules weak early, because of their tough BE schedule.
Well UConn scheduled tough.
Please don't forget about your local shelters.Any donations are appreciated.
Let's try  help the less fortunate have a Happy Thanksgiving
that boy needs a jacket on!
Preferably BLUE.
good to see you and catch up today, ping me for some ideas
it was the death of me.
Thanks, Karen!
Well first off it's from a show.
Second, Asians aren't supposed to make mistakes.
You'll hurt their pride.
RT : He's being humble...very good designer  developer!!!
Today represents the smallest slate of games we've had since April 5 ...
It's the professorle picture.
swoon
Hope all you Farm Heads had a terrific Tuesday!!
Come by tomorrow and receive one top shelf gram of your choice w/ minimum 60 donation!!!
happy to hear that!!!
:
i sent you a direct message
YES : With a 13 eps for S5, I say 2hour for each episode...yes/yes?
Fringe
Putting in mad work on this project can't wait to finish mixing it, S/O to all the awesome musicians and ppl that supported this...
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
:
I'm not at all I just was pullin for the nuggets in this one
hell yeah baby!
Pretty sure that living social thinks I'm a 13 year old boy.
Got deals for MMA tickets, race car doctorving and hot air balloon rides today.
Got Thanksgiving Plans?
If you need to share a car, we recommend reserving early for this busy holiday.
Ah yes.
That part turned out to be true.
good looking out on that link!
Jalen you going to murray too?
My 2nd resolution was to quit all Facebook games.
I'm sure I can find plenty of things to do with the time.
8 Days down.
Love the lilac bush blooming in my front window  that it's warm enough to put a fan in the window to blow the scent through the house.
:
Would help if I was CC'd on the ticket  my team opened it and it got escalated to me.
TGIF!
Are you working out or relaxing this weekend?
lol gettin up there old man dont worry glo is gunna be 23 ..
that should make you feel better it always makes me feel better lol
So i can officially say I'm thankful for Jus being able to move my fingers thank god
There might not be anything more boring than watching Tim Tebow give an interview.
What a nerd.
Why do all train station men's rooms smell exactly the same?
I LOVE carlossantana!
His riff in Lauryn Hill's exfactor is haunting.
His songs ain't bad either!
No prob!
I'm an avid RewardsNetwork member!
RT : Glad u r enjoying the program thx for the shout out!
A frog just jumped on my toe ...
ewwwww!
:
dude I wanna be like FaZe Temper!!!!!!!!
morning babe,goin to school, have a great day: 3
Now listening to David Lindahl, U.
of Rochester about eXtensible Catalog.
Coworker: You'll believe I'm bipolar soon.
Me: I already do.
Coworker: Hahaha!
That's not funny.
Case in point.
Don't be afraid to be amazing!
Andy Offutt Irwin
My New Word Of The Year Is Honestly Bro.
Thanks
Awww thanks, girl!
:
Preordered books are coming in!
Feel free to hit us up with questions if you have them.
Me too, small world...
hey whats up now
I made it to Copenhagen.
Having a fun time with my hubby.
We leave on our cruise tomorrow.
Thanks to all who supported the 6th Walk for Childoctorn's Health.
We raised awareness about hunger and fetal stroke.
I wanted Fergie and Reba to do a duet!
Today's South Carolina poll results are stunning.
Romney suddenly takes the lead and by 17 points!
This thing could be over.
Who's up for some flapjacks?
Good ass fight so far
he was lmfao:D
MAKIN MOVES HBU?
Waiting for forever:
RT : Azure sessions by full of usefulness
He is a toura de freshman theatre club!
V
I think the authority debate still muddy the waters when looking at the future of museums
You are both more than enough.
You are fabulous.
lmao this bitch better be ready
I'm so jealous today is the last day of school for Anchorage.
Mines next Tuesday.
but a new day is here, i think its time to embrace it :
I wanna be so happy that when other people look at me, they become happy too.
text me so i can have your number to hit u up later
Pica's vs Santuccis?
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  88
Let's go hoosiers!
Actually wound up with some time to write today.
: Hope everyone enjoys the last day of February 2010!
www.pokerbucketlist.com This is quite interesting, I am interested to see if this is going to work out well for Bo Fric.
But check it out
Filming pick up shot tomorrowoff to bed:
7 more followers until I'm at 30!
Please keep helping!
Thanks twitnation!
You can love me or hate me but dont EVER try to change me...
thanks for the follow.
I would love to get some tracks for the rotation.
'I thought I was acting correctly': Swedish politician
OMG I just got complimented on my eyebrows!!
Yess I've been waiting for that one!
Hahaha
you ain't ready
This is why we love it so, and why each rereading can inspire entirely new feelings.
Top of the morning to ya world!

bout time!
RT Anyone have a relationship with a gas station owner or operator?
Would love an introduction for a short business convo.
latest images in by Wayne, Steven, Steve, Peter E, Peter K and Dan  last call email going out to remaining 16 photogs
Please follow and RT if you review tweets you will see why...
Thank you.
if we win, we're taking with us on a shopping spree :
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination.
Christopher Isherwood
thanks to for being a Facebook fan too!
:
Sorry but mwPGamer already won...
however I will be posting more trivia today!
but the charger doesnt reach my bed and I'm too lazy to get out of bed.
Ugh.
Hahahab :
Remind me.
Is peanut butter a fruit or vegetable?
Just wanna make sure I got all my food groups today.
any investors interested??
:D you never know!!
RT : You should open up a Nail Salon that only shows sports on TV...
rock on, dudes!
Isaiah10:12 Woe to those who make unjust laws, to those who issue oppressive decrees...making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless.
I know I talk a lot of Kings Of Leon, but I honestly think they are one of the best bands of our time.
please follow me?:
u already shnow
hahahah I couldn't stop staring at it, it's so cute
Have you seen the pictures of these monsters I've been posting?
I'm getting my color done next week.
Long past due.
Thanks to everyone who came out to SpeakingOfFebruary4th!!
I bet you them fake OKC fans don't even know they used to be the super sonics
Fun with dick and jane reminds me so much of my parents
you should follow
thanks man!
I only like my hair blonde  black when it's short, when it was long it just looked weird to me :I DAMN HAIRS.

good point on poisoning...i say yes to some degree...there has to be some correlation to long term illness...idk
level or slightly up
Had to get ready in quite a hurry..
so now the hunt for coffee is on :
If you could tattoo something on my body, what would it be and where would it go?
Shoutout to at the Rural Libraries Conference.
Anyone else conferencing this month?
Come watch the Flyers' game AND the Green Legion Girls Casting Call tonight at King's Oak in the Piazza!!
KEYC  Mankato News, Weather, Sports State of emergency lifted amid Pa.
stun ...
KEYC TV
JZK :   Where'd they go?
It says the user does not exist.
Playoff basketball starts now.
Leave it all on the floor because next time is NOT guaranteed!
Oh my goodness, Twitter...
my shoulders are just numb with pain!
I knew prepping for that project would do this, but just...
wow.
WOW.
Down to 9!
Come on Kentucky!
not happening.
Went out w/ Wummel last night.
A night in for me tonight.
How long are you staying?
I'd like to see you.
Im sad that never followed us from playlist...urg a
TV commercials suck ass....
We're collecting toys at our station in Decatur   IL College in Jacksonville.
It's our Spirit of Giving event to help out Toys for Tots.
Thanks for the favorite!
How's your weekend?
One can often learn something new every day just by being a librarian.
Investigate anything interesting?
Getting ready to release these new songs !
Get stoked
Electrical Engineer  Wheeling, IL; www.bjorksten.com/careers
what ya do now
not at all.
i just didn't understand.
no worries.
how are you?
O, that is a tough one!
I like the plane pic simply because you can see your face more...
I SO heart urban pl8!
: Heard you boys are coming to the states soon!
You better hit me up punk!!
Eating hard boiled eggs in public.
Community Showcase posters!
I hate when companies use twitter to say something then use a link that has nothing to do with it.
Shit way to get traffic on their site.
hahaha no not at all.
he's amazing.
I'm just still bitter lol
sucks for you!
I just want to breathe the same air as the Obamas
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
Vincent Van Gogh
Good morning Twitter, long time no tweet!
How is everyone today?
Happy Birthday!!!
so good to have you back again!
his staff stole money from veterans for his campaign.
Some patriot, huh?
Make sure to LendaFreeHand to someone in your life each and every day!
Us too!RT: : Grabbing yourself a late lunch at the dog house?
What're you getting?We love the hot sausage with andouille sauce.
RT : Patio time!
Happy Independence Day Brazil!
How do Brazilians celebrate this day?
everything man.
How you been?
We added this too!
: MT : missing from assets is our visitors/users/communities; they shape and change museums
Manning a booth at a career fair.
Interesting.
happy birthday matt!
:
haha we just replied the exact same thing to
Thanks for the perfect weather today !!!
The Maryland Historical Society will present The History of Thoroughbred Racing in Maryland on Thursday April 7 at 6 pm.
Michael Finney
Follow my sis and watch her celeb interviews on Youtube Starstruck Channel.
RT : When I fly I only wish for 3 things: no obese ppl, no musty ppl,  no crying childoctorn.
Is that too much to ask?
Volvo discount parts
:xx how are u?
That confused moment when you pull up to work and realize you left your lunch at home on the countertop!
Smh.
Ah!!
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
No problem!
:
RT : come do it then!
cuz you know i can make your night you wanna get it!
Congrats to all involved in the making of this film
US Military.
Interstate Highway System.
TVA Dams  Waterways.
US Army Corp of Engineers.
State Universities.
All SOCIALISM, all the time.
Everybody knows how to raise childoctorn, except the people who have them
bottling our Hop in Top, Fire Light Ale and Witty White Wheat on the 22nd, if all goes well
Happy birthday Sara!!
Happy Belated birthday to Joe, and Ryan!!
2NiTE  Andy's Join Sunday Jazz Jam Session  11 E Hubbard  9pm.
Musicians Free  10 Admin.
Vocalists Welcome.
Love to Have You.
Who are the people of washington dc?
Check out bit.ly/u6RHyv show us what do you do everyday!
Help define the identity of DC!
Double fudge cookie dough icecream after a long meet :'
we're working on making that a reality for you soon!
These day's friends should be chosen wisely.....you have choosie friends who act like choosie lovers.
I'm not friends with so many people.
RT : YOLO Time is trending!
Agree.
Love him.
RT Would love to see Eagles select Florida RB Chris Rainey.
Offer dynamic ability to the offense  ST.
Today's forecast: positive with a 75 chance of opportunity.
Radar indicates isolated random acts of kindness so be sure to wear your smile
what about you?
:
resume tips The time for an updated resume is now before you really need it and hurry the process.
grandma's for dinner!
Oh yes, definitely a great song!
Happy Monday everyone!
Oh, hello.
May or may not be listening to 90's rap to get me through this last 30 minutes of work
That's all u need to know about a wingnut.
thank you!!!
augh I know I'm worried about it but this whole time I was applying for IN jobs while living in CT so it might be a bit easier now
love that song!
I had him i C last year though.
Left leg is asleep.
Nothing else matters.
Fuck.
followed:D
Ghostbusters on Bravo....still the GOAT in my book.
This chick is toast!
god bless any bacon specialists.
I started writing a book tonight...
wonder how that will turn out
The basic fact about human existence isnt that it is a tragedy but that it is a bore It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line
every ICONiacz doctoram!!!!
im your biggest fan!!
iwrite your name on everything like all my binders and in PEN!!
this generation of disney sucks ballz.
My roommate is singing in the shower...
It sounds like the cries of a bear having its head smashed in with a shovel....
On my way to school :/!
I need more friends..
Mine are always too busy 
ima come up one of these days and have a water fight like the old days and go to the hospital to eat.
Lmao childhood 3
Just caught ' MY SUCKY TEEN ROMANCE, which is anything but sucky.
It's actually painfully cute, and quite fun.
Kudos, Emily!
sure it is...
Oo
Hey  If you'll bring a Roadster to the NASASocial for us to test doctorve, I can guarantee a lot of positive tweeting!
:
Working on some really amazing frame graphics for your prints or website or whatever!
We may make a unique category just for those.
Celebrity hair stylist Ben Cooke's Digital Spy blog: Spring Styles  Digital Spy UK
teamfollowback.
Seriously, i follow ALL WHO FOLLOW BACK.
but you have to follow back :
Well my first is body works and my second is upstairs so I guess gyms?
:
Can you say you broke a sweat at work playing ping pong?
Yes, I can.
RT if you how to wutang.
I wanna do more shopping today...i think i just might do that!.
need some excitement in my life now please
I could eat pepperoni bread for the rest of my life.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for youll be criticized anyway.
Youll be damned if you do, and damned if you dont.
...
Back feeling a lot better.
Still wanna go to the doctor and make sure aint nothing wrong.
Gotta keep my health intact.
: Why do people bring the negative?
The shit is whack just like your thinking.
Had a wonderful time on my short overnight trip to visit Christien in Toronto.
: beautiful
Up and I can't go back to sleep
Sleeping on the coach was ignorant.
Good first day!
whatilove being single!
:
Love your enemies bless them that curse you do good to them that hate you and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you.
Already getting ready for the 20th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival!!!!!
2013!
Who's excited?
lmfaoo , I'm just kidding but yeah it is .
I think they're trying to flirt with you .
In a hole nother world right now !.
Weird question has anyone on here found a kidney donor through social media?
Love Repair  The Movie  Starring: Miss Mykie  Marcus Manchild 
oh nos...
it says Hive is going to take 9.6 manyears.
That's going to put us about 4.3 calendaryears over schedule ;
Why open source?
Control over our own destiny.
Attending a retreat with lots of smart people who think about doing good; women like Maggie Williams and Randi Weingarten smart and fun.
Yesterday, had a great time at the beach with my mom, her friend Donna, John, and Shaun.
Today we're off to Knott's Berry Farm!
Sending an FF to !
Today marks a month since yall followed me  made me the happiest girl in the whole world!
Love yall!
33
hahaha she fears the jolly roger.
as you should  what amazing news : good job Mom!
Reggie should lighten up on Lebron.
There's nothing wrong with getting counsel from legends.
It shows maturity and respect for past greats.
Skol!
RT : Matt Kalil excited to play in the great city of Minnesota.
I'm sure they'll work on that ...
what's that?
Why does every show on Nick have to have singing, that's usually not all that good anyway.....
I agree
If you love movies, we love you!
Wine Tasting 101: Noseidentify fruits fresh, doctor, ripe, lean, citrus, tree, stone, berries, melons.
Nonfruits flowers, herbs, spices, etc
remember thismorning Christ beat death this morning for u and that u overcame the statistics of death,and are alive this morning
JCP rebrand  price strategy is like a NFL team with no playoff hopes that decided not to punt on 4th down.
Fun to watch, but not important
30 MINUTES to get your tweet to us about your mother for chance to WIN  HAPPY Mother'sDay
If you write one story, it may be bad; if you write a hundoctord, you have the odds in your favor.
Edgar Rice Burroughs
yeah girl I understand.!
Hi Mickenna..
I hope you are feeling better.
Have a great day.
Hugs, Allen
that puppy is really effing cute.
Enjoy while still a puppy.
New post: Kenwood KCAIP301V Apple iPod USB Direct Cable
You are welcome David.
Your presentation was enlightening and fun...
You are Puuuuuurrrrrrssssssiiiiiaaaannnn!
hit me up later nigga
SUNDAY BLUNTDAY!!
The best part of the weekend!
Come and get 2 off Blunt Subs!!
Nothing worth having was ever achieved without effort.
Theodore Rosevelt
Love u Bea
At with for their From Print To Web workshop, enjoying an Angry Orchard.
Really looking forward to this!
I'm literally in love with my iPhone 
Goodnight moon.
C.R.E.A.M.
and be sure to always keep your
When I am in your eyes nothing brings me down
How's it going?
all new !!
Ashton Kutcher was on today.
He does look like Jesus with the beard...
well that's cool but this girl was showing one off in the bathroom line.
It was weird.
I'm right here boo boo!
wave back to Coco.
Nyx is telecommuting today after some very bad behavior last week locking up work computers
let's go Fakers go Home!
Lol!: The first Game 7 goes to the Rangers.
Next up, Lakers vs.
Nuggets.
We're glad to hear you had a great birthday dinner!
Twitter is pretty cool funtimes.
I wish more of my friends used it though.
:
Too many issues gov't.
doesn't belong.....many are private, individual decisions.
No government support for/against those issues.
Me and pooped on that physics test
plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me
Thank you so much!
You should come out to a show soon!
Everybody go follow She's AWESOME, bubbly, cute, and OUTGOING!
Please retweet this people and
: remember follow RFT this!
Hope everyone had a lovely Easter!
3
Girl, I didn't...
i took care of my shit.
I'm calm and collected now.
Lol.
I made some bombass brownies btw :
you'll be seeing me and your biggest fan at Webster Hall on Friday!
remember her?
she cried in your arms at FBR15
It's slushing in hazel dell!
FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE my 11:11 11/11 wish never did come true.....
It was a follow from you:
brand new cheese grater is already orange with rust, wtf?
Items used in food preparation shouldn't rust, ew
Yes, it's cool that some Twitter apps let you post to multiple accounts but I too often post from the wrong account.
I hate that!
Also reading See You At The Top body and mind need to both get in shape
where you going??
are you sad that Austin is leaving, when do you think you'll see him again?
please follow meplease follow me please please follow me please foolow me please follow me please
YouKnowYouredoctornkWhen you call your officer papi.
This is the future of journalism.
Once you start giving credit to people who don't deserve credit, writing is meaningless.
I love that and are loving each other.
That's what I love to see!
Beets detoxify your liver!
Try some on your salad!
I'm Ina nappin kinda mood
Awesome.
Thanks Amy!
Thanks D
Great way to put it!
Hm the Lawrence Welk Show.
I AM THE HAPPIEST GIRL EVER .
I AM SO SO EXITED .
JUST SAW .
LOVE YOU GUYS!
YOU MADE MY DAY .
REALLY 
won The Glee Project!!!
Ah!!
Ah!!!
Woooohoooooooo!ooooooooohhhhhh mm Gooooooosssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!

If you have a new project coming out, be sure to doctorp us a DM :
NorthStar, which built and sold computer in the late 1970's, was originally called Kentucky Fried Computers.
hey jessica woo..
Miss you too:
Such a beautiful day.
Sweet jazz band playing in downtown, kids laughing and playing, people holding hands...
Life is beautiful.
Whats worse is when they mess up and give you a Supreme.
Highlight so far: Plaintiffs do not explain their decision to seek acceptance of the minimum standards as the maximum standard.
GSU bam!
It's a welldeserved chip on my shoulder for They're poor customer service continues to plague me.
Did you kick'em in the shins?
Let your GOPer know that you don't appreciate his signing Norquist Tax pledge to keep Middle Class Taxes Higher so corp taxes can be lower!
My gosh it's hot, wet and steamy in Tampa today
Such a big help!
I know this will come in handy!
RT : Want some help navigating the traffic in LA?
Try
at this rate, making it to 30 will be some sort of amazing feat
All because of DJ with his beats by doctor and turn tables
Looking for sponsors in Baltimore for wonderful scholarship nonprofessort program; plz message or email
bah.
You love feelings.
Also I am invested because I miss old JJ.
ALWAYS WINNING!!!!
HOW MANY ROBOTZ ARE READY FOR A CONTEST?!
RETWEET THIS IF YOU WANT A RObotz BRACELET!
:
Our mind can shape the way things will be because we act according to our expectations.
Federico Fellini quote
Like the Bears, Vikings, and Patriots, even one Redwings fan is a fan too many.
be weird never be lame
Sustainability now an oppty not a constraint.
Good to hear Alfred Marcus from CSOM and be at Business  Environment
Hope y'all are staying safe from tornadoes!
Quail Brush Generation Plant community workshop goes on with hours of public testimony, two full rooms of people opposed to project.
I could be wrong about Latin America.
Lunch Special of the day: chicken or steak fajita plate for 6, served with rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, and flour or corn tortillas!
Prayers for your town from Nashville TN  remembering how traumatic floods are
Would that make newspapers the second doctorft?
RT : Shulman: Twitter is the first doctorft of history.
Accupuncture this AM.
Reflexology  pedicare this afternoon!
Taking care of me this weekend!
Busy summer!
Season is changing in my mind.
If you are seeing thunder, lighting, or even funnel clouds in NewbergDundee area, please share your photos/ video with us at
Bus leads to glee noche excelente
Going to Mexico for business?
Consider Kidnap  Ransom insurance.
doctorg wars are dictating that this might be your least expensive option.
Beautiful morning in Indy!
woke up 5 minutes ago and saw the MMS I got from your wife...
advantage of an IR thermometer is it didn't have to touch your junk
ur amazing and i tell all my friends who dont know who u are and they like u and are now mahomies
hahah no way!
Browns doctorft QB Brandon Weeden with the 22nd pick in the
Hi neighbor!
if this was an article, I'd say perfect  done.
;
I agree I've heard them all day
yep u got it!
We looking alike right abt now!
Lol
: Aw.
I want raspberries.
Aw.
It's so sunny outside.
:
What kind of fun are you up to today?
what happened?
You guys were awesome for us tonight
right here!
hugs
Watch the Blazers complete an incredible comeback tonight.
And then let me know all about because ripcity is letting one rip tonight
I just like my Andoctorid phones...I don't want to think too much, just give me a flat rate and be done with it.
Overages suck.
Just learned how to type an em dash on a PC: hold down the alt key and type 0151 on the numeric keypad.
PCs are weird.
100thingsihate my boyfriend :
you shouldnt even have a sancha, save your money lol.
that tweet is for me, I am JoeShow.
Hi!
listening to Ed Sheeran's Small Bump, the video may be simple, but it's powerful :'
Welcome To The City of NYC!!!
Welcome To Gang Green!!!
Your A Great Player Coming To A Great Team, Wish You Nothing But The Best!
hi mom
i'm not sure about start dates of the other internships.
If you see one that's unfilled and you're interested, send an email.
RT professorssional courtesy: do you extend it and to what point?
/ Sure, as much as I can.
Hard to answer here esp w/RT text!
Check out our coverage of downtown Baltimore and how businesses are surviving.
Some great pics too!!
Putting groceries in the car  some jerk waiting for my parking spot starts honking his horn at me.
I turn to look  it's the exhubs.
:
Christy Turlington Burns  lame.
One more reason the term supermodel should be banished.
She's brainwashed, too.
Funny thing how you first meet the woman that you marry.
I first met the wife in a tunnel of love.
She was digging it.
Les Dawson
That was awesome
Heading to a beekeeping class for my story airing at 1pm today...I hope I get to see the queen
Thanks very much!
cant wait to read: I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL
Tyler don't role like that he is too homo
Um....
its been doctoring for 3 DAYS!!!!!
Its doctor enough for you to continue your work.
I'm tired of excuses about why they can't work.
Truth RT : Obama2012slogans: Stop calling undocumented workers illegal aliens  they are unregistered Democrats!
yeah just hit me up I be on here I follow everyone who follow me it's nothing but love
Congrats to  have fun.
Take lots of digital video.
Got abt 6 mosquito bites messing with my daddy
Hi!
!
Welcome to Twitter!
You will have so much fun!
You tryna pass me bitch it's impossible
no problem...nice work!
Pottermore is getting addicting..
.
thanks for checking out for sharing business expertise!
Ugh fights..
don't forget the oil change
I meant check out from chez Taylor, hehe.
If not no big deal :
I thought we were hanging out tomorrow?
my hair looks a mess.
yours?
theres gray growing out of my weave!
um...?
YESS!!!!!!!!!!
omg that sounds so good right now
So it seems that you have resolved today: violence is the only answer.
Merry merry in WS.
I am an exception!
We have been pretty much perfect since we met!
nevereverhastherebeenaproblem :
my friend suggested i combat insecuirty by displaying all of my phd admissions letters.
good idea.
too bad i only kept the rejections.
still waiting...
.
.
our pride is insane here last weekend of June.
I know we'd all love to see ya here.
Im thinging of the old Times in the kindergarten :
Not gonna lie, The Dictator is hilarious!
I think that all future Muppet doctormmers should be modeled after JJ Jones of // super Birchmere show tonight
I wanna beat your face in until it's gone
Missed that pass interference call..
Outrageous Bargains loll
M83 is my soundtrack for the day/week/month.
Follow me?:
Thanks!
Got new tennigofasters.
You are most welcome kindly Knight.

should be an actress she has amazing talent and passion for it so if u dnt like her than u dnt know what a TRUE FRIEND is 
hate on 1D or their girlfriends...
Nokias 41megapixel camera phone launches this month
I'm sure I will !
haha but I miss you..
so I'll come back just for you :
wow dude i got a 68
ATTENTION ONE PERSON FOLLOW PLEASE?.
Get face2face with in an exclusive  hangout!
Win your way in at 8p on NOW 100.5 :
The NBA passed 5million twitter followers  by far the most of any sports league.
NFL 3.3 mil, MLB 2 mil, NHL 1.1 mil
what said.
craft beer lovin ladies represent!
RT : If you don't believe in what you do you can't lead what you do.
Parked on Alberta Street?
Move yer car!
Vehicles need to get off the street by 5pm for
Fabricating Lies is not becoming!
wouldn't that be nice :
that awkward moment when you realize why flirting with the hubby failed...
because your wearing a mud mask!
OOPS!
D
Does anybody knows what happend to Frank Curzio's podcast?
My last conversation was with 14 people who can't say breakfast correctly.
13 are kids.
What I wouldn't give for an Interregnum debate.
and don't go thinking that this was a waste of time i couldn't forget you if I tried.
if you think you're humble, you're not humble
Adam and Eve, Adam and Steve, Autumn and Eve.
All the same to me.
we will love the vocals
I'll take it!
Email me your cell
HAHA!
Not in my brain!
Powers out on my grid
It's a good early morning here...
So many things are out of the way already and it's half past 8
I can't see th keyboard in xruibr
I like that Facebook and Twitter light up for a thunderstorm more than for an earthquake.
I'm too cool to post about it though.
Wait.
DAMMIT
how is your season going?
THANK THE GOOD LORD MY BABY COME OUT OF SURGERY GOOD YESTERDAY AND SHES DOING GREAT TODAY
Let's not forget the beautiful and talented farrah that lost her life yesterday too!!
people's mind will change and you should be here to see that.
THIS is funny.
Chapman desperately needs a dank, goto breakfast spot.
Thats funny.
I thought i was the only one.
I just got one cuz my cousin told me i should
Yeah, the other is more efficient, but I think we should go with
thank you for watchin!
Just ate an amazing dinner with an amazing woman....
Ok....
Time for a cold one :
There are more women in America age 51 than any other age.
Hm...tend to think glitzy gimmick...don't think it transforms learning.
I know you trying to get creative with my love ..
Aight RT Nap time....
somebody call n wake me for work at 9:30
Lotion after spandex
You're looking lovely today, mister.
Clever?
Thanks for the link to 's post on info leakage!
Thanks for the RT of my wine adventure on LongIsland Greatly appreciated
Haha, awesome.
That's what I need right about now.
Hope you're having a good week!
Lololol, the couch doesn't fit around the corner..
I wanna buy a tribal skirtwear it with my Toms to school but if i do I'll get judged..
And we LOVED worshipping with you all, too!
Such a blessing!
If you were on a deserted island and you could only bring one item, how come people never say A boat
my mom is on the computer and now I'm scared.
Lol if she makes one I'm gonna have to protect my tweets.
And I like getting rts
TIP: if you're a marketer and you don't think like your customer, you might as well not think at all.
Getting money.
Staying out the way!!.
what am I sharing
hahaha hi Christian :
MBFW starts next week!!
Must find tickets to a least 1 show...
Haven't wagered on soccer in a while bro...
What's new?
What are you doing in Italy?
Where are you?
lol hurry ur ass up I'm serious
RT Somedays I could seriously go for a lunch back at the Saint X Tiger Den
Long weekend of volleyball.
Now time to relax and lay by the pool 
let's be clear.
Weeden and team will run over ou's defense.
The entire state needs to figure out defense.
WTF SIXERS ARE WINNING......these old celtics better but some Bengay on they knees..and WAKE UP
Better than Destroyer!
:
tell him if I had the pacers the heat would lose again lol
I definitely like the doctorw.
UCONN could be a tough matchup for them IF they beat Iowa State.
do tell.
I'm going to be seriously pumping out some gorgeous mosaic art pieces!
Ready, set...I'm running to my art room!
Congrats on completing the CORO program.
We've got to do something to celebrate.
I owe you a nice dinner in the city : 
My 8 year old brother just told me he needs to rethink his life.
And he was so serious!
they said hello and kewl wat r u doin on here
I wore a hooded sweatshirt today....
Are you kidding me?
I'll be sorry to finish reading your memoir it's beautiful and wise.
I was there Sunday
BAM!!!!
Calling It A Night Im On Old Folks Time Today In The Bed By NINE  DAMN!
waiting for summer concert season to start :
Universal Dance  doctorm Ensemble now performing at our Youth event.
Beautiful History!
Eric marshall!
Bitch im at yo neck next time i see you ima smack you !
Teach you to stop runnin yo mouth
oh no.
You didn't like it?
:
whr ru?
Did you ditch us dcnyc10 for santacon ?
Oh yes.
I have a Tardis cookie jar on my desk at work and Serenity on my keychain.
LOL!
RT : I'm on a whisky diet.
I've lost three days already.
Tommy Cooper
UNCDuke , DJ John from Video Killers at 10:30, time to get some o' that Wildeman and be a Wildman
I know I'm so awful!
Haha I swear I thought I was!
That is great.
I will definately watch David
Oh great being transferred for the fourth time.
When I turn 21 and I are gonna go to memphis and hit up Beale Street.
wow.
i guess i didnt follow you for the sense of humor.
done  unfollowed.
Working from home is infinitely more satisfying than having to go in somewhere
Wish I could take the credit, but our guys did a great job.
Thanks.
Brainstorming with about their international program.
Love programs that call for global collaboration
: Pray about everything, and worry about nothing.
always remember the basics I guess
is so extremely grateful for everything that was donated towards my trip to atlanta!
can't wait to see what God has in store :
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!
Please!!
5
had the honor of working with Michael Jackson on the Radio Music Awards show in Vegas back in 2003.
The world lost a great performer!
RIP!
i woke up at 10 but I've refused to move, LYNN CANT EVEN TAKE US!
is live!
follow for the latest on New Orleans.
retweeter to launch Oct 5!
RT this so i can get more followers?
haha help me get to 900 EVERYONE PLEASE RT!
Omg this criminal minds is crazy!!!
Dudes crack me up.
Tel nother girl you love them when you have a girlfriend bhahaha
Money amassed either serves us or rules us.
Horace
pls follow back so I could DM you with email info and thoughts for a project :
uh...
PICK ME!!!
You guys are the shit!
just realized today was Friday the 13th......
creepy!
You could be like me and only have one person in your contact list that uses Gmail daily, no noise at all, no content either!
IReallyWant the late phone calls, the cuddling, the fighting about who loves eachother more, the kisses, just everything.
Hope has a good first day at Cheviot 
Shapiro: Rowson should be thought of less as nationalistic and more as sectarian.
this is actually working.
I'm surprised.
Thanks MaryLynn!
60's are my favorite
stop no your genes are designer ohoh.
Matza Pizza.
Happy
What's going on at safeco?
It's 11 p.m.
not the ideal time to bake a cake but...sometimes I bake when i am missing my grandmother.
so jealous!
He of course had to take his man date friend
I have a nook and really appreciate authors that publish ebooks in other formats  Amazon is a bitch to convert.
I'm applying to several makeup retail stores.
I've been interning for a makeup artist for over a year
I so sowwwwy.
Next time I ride through nap I'll call you !
From Above  Beyond to Brad Paisley to Reviva, my IPods on crack
There's nothing better than good sex But bad sex A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex
Deprestless.
me, right now, to describe ny current state.
See also: reasons one may find oneself at Anthropologie.
Happy Sunday!
Best part of Saturdays is getting my morning coffee and throwing down at my job !!!!
Saturday night service
smiling crooked smile
and you just became my hero
M...
The smell of mulch!
Looks so much better; we welcome you, Spring!
oh do trust in High school all the little black boyz loved her too .....
she first introduced me to the joys of a white girl lol
Thanks for the FF love Maria!
Haven't been on Twitter all week.
Hope you had a good one!
Start using freerange and humane animal products and then maybe we can call that quality!
SB45 Biz Lesson  16: If you get knocked down, get up and finish the play.
Happiness is not an accident, nor is it something you wish for.
Happines is
I think I'm in love:
Guitar final today, hope I start feeling like I'm on vacation soon, I still feel stressed.
I cant wait to get my just desserts.
Skipping dinner for cookies, ice cream and tiramisu seems a fine reward for a lifetime of wretchedness
Yup.
It's definitely Monday.
yes I have.
I love that song!
I want the knicks I win tonight.
Hey Kevin!
Congrats on WITCH OF THE FALL!
Pink Floyd Shine On You Crazy Diamond
More like fuck you
guilty as charged.
I want them to get it to bad.
humansmuggling  a crime against the state.
humantrafficking  a crime against humanity!
Call 18883737888 to report acts of trafficking
hangin' out with Bert Dunkerly and learnin' 'bout Virginia during the War of 1812.
Jealous?
i just feel like all that crap he said to Gia was so fake!
ugghhh.
Tweet 4000 on the 4th of July only seems practical.
Happy 4th of July everyone!
;
Yeah that pic just thew me off though.
At least he didn't resist arrest, like Rees.
please give the happy couple a hug for me!!!
the funny thing is, its a moral certainty there ARE lesbians who resemble tintin.
just not ANY of these.
shrugs shoulders
same here :
Thanks for the suggestion!
I'll pass this along to support.
If you need anything from us, please email
Visiting with Wesleyan friends from florida and touring the Performing Arts Center...
Stirring up the competition never hurt.
The Browser Wars between IE, FF, Chrome, Safari have led to awesome UX
Some of my neighbor's garbage fell onto my balcony, including an empty bottle of methadone.
But at least he's a recovering heroine addict
Bonas takes over Atlantic City.
Whoa!
Yeah, !
RT : I've forgotten more than you know about the Pack bro...
Just realized Sheldon sounds just like when he gets riled up.
Lol.
Hey random guy, please don't hey boo me.
Thanks.
Rookie mini camps open today!!
Rangers can clutch
I consider myself incredibly lucky because I have found some of the best parts of humanity where I least expected.
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: our special sauce is to get people to update their professorle when they are NOT looking for a job.
I love this!
RT FF The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
I just can't figure it out and it might be 2late to say FXCKIT, and if that's the case then I'm really screwed
: Slowly progressing with : hey let's go to subway tomorrow ?
What is this??
Lmao.
What is life!?!
That or let Gene Smith pick your bracket, haha.
My mentor thinks I should continue on to the PhD.
So torn.
going to the cinema watching Pirates of the Caribbean 3
S/O to my new followers aka my tweethearts!!
Thanks for following me  for all your support You guys ROCK!!
I feel an instagram coming on!!
Love when Cody gets doctorssed up!
if you hardly ever tweet, I have no inclination to follow you
Can't wait to be old enough to have other kinds of fun.
having to ride the bus so early blows!!
Timedollar Youth Court will have Jury Duty Saturday April 30, 2011 promptly at 9:00 am
Lol reminds me of myself always have something to say.
Throwin'  in the air like I don't really care...Haters everywhere, but I don't really care!
No I don't, I don't, I don't really care
I don't appreciate U using my tweet on your blog  demand U to take it down.
U need to stop bullying people
To get something you've never had, you must do something uv never done
Yyeeeeeaaaaahhhh!
Offensive foul!
Brewers!
Brewers!
Let's go Brewers!
I can't find any animal pictures to cheer me up...
and I still don't have any cheese to grill!
Rise up world , your day should start out great of you woke up this morning!!!!!
Wrestle mania ahahah:
When u have nothing to do  3:45 do you get on twitter ?
I'm highly entertained by all the moths in Minnesota
no we'll just eject them and bring in a new one altogether.
lol
I'm gonna lose these kids inside this house lol
Big shout out to Wine World for sponsoring venue and beverage for HackingEdu!
We couldn't do it without you!
Wait; Today isn't Friday?!
RT It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
I'm slowly realizing I just don't like IsaacAsimov.
His writing I mean.
Is it possible to be a scifi writer and not like Asimov?
RT We still need 514 signatures on the school libraries petition.
Please consider signing, and pass the link along.
bit.ly/wHSahz
Never Say LOL
I just think its cool what he was able to overcome at Wisconsin getting hurt and switching positions and all
I like walking up to people that are sweating and just came inside and asking them if it's hot outside or did they just come from having sex
A liberal education...
frees a man from the prisonhouse of his class, race, time, place, background, family and even his nation.
Can't stop listening to : I love just kiss me, older but my favorite 3
I support Jelena :D
You're welcome!
Should be cleaning up
dale Ellis of course!
I can help.
RT Need some trainers to interview on assessments for grad class any volunteers?
Roger Clemens in Washington, DC this Wednesday.
Catch him at the courthouse Wed morning
Have you showed somebody how much you don't give a fuck today?!
If not hurry you still have time!
Congratulations!
Awesome win!!!
Any of my followers read Shazam comics?
Is it worth it?
Sex ain't better than love.
If you ain't with that, then you's a hoe
it's not fair.
fabulous!
RT YES PERRI!!!
No problem.
When ever you are ready hahaha Thank you my friend.
Now following :
Can I retweet that my friend : I think I need to get this book
doctoramt of someone on TV saying the mystery absence of big GOP names running this year was they feared Romney's money bombers.
Feels true.
Jeets!
The captainin!
can make anything into a song.
totally will do!
sounds delish!
RT : Mobile apps  byod  increased engagement?
Give me a good book and you won't hear me
At the 9 1/2 hour mark of floor debates.
Jimmy Johns has arrived.
Real bipartisanship: GOP and Dems sharing Vito subs.
Eminem on 60 Minutes.
Crazy, but compelling story of rags, riches and recovery.
sometimes i wish there were remotes for parents so when they give lectures i could just hit mute
One nice thing about tea vs coffee is that you can quickly walk down the hall spilling everywhere and it doesn't really show up on carpet
m m good till the last doctorp
peace be with them finally
You already know !
: RT : S/O to for saving a nigga lastnight
Game 5 Rangers starting up in a few, let's go!
Did you know that the Art of Beer will be first official visit for Sacbeerweek?
Come meet him and convince him to come back!
Coffee prices going up?
What will Starbucks add to keep us coming?
I think I have fever!!!
:O
Warm air aloft squashing any strong storms for us.
Just scattered showers/storms overnight.
Am starting new Acting classes using Hypnosis as key factor for memorization, etc.
The workbook I finished with Carl Gottlieb The
Cataloguing today.
I forgot how much of a pain it is to count quires in a manuscript that has been rebound too tightly.
Yay!
It will be here before you know it!
same one!
This sucks.
Going to take a nap.
just temporarly deleted my facebook woo
Oh my God, its happening...
its coming out like Lava...
:
That is harsh...
he needs therapy man...
I got that one friend who should legally be allowed to NOT sing along to No Lie
I love rye she actually talented she has some good songs on her album I promise lol.
Not quite ready.
But USAA participates in many races supporting the military  please connect if you see us!
I'm getting married TODAY
Up crazy early for NOTHIN
Lol literally tho....
got a promotion a week ago :
Please keep doing that.
That's awesome.
WEE!
Cool Way is 7 on Hype Machine's Popular list.
That ballad of the uncool.
WEE!
that's what hype sounds like as it passes through irony.
I just saw a dog wearing a fur wrap.
Not kidding.
Left my newly cast on ball of mohair alone on the couch for a minute, came back and found it on the floor looking like a dead animal..
HUD has a visitability ordinance in their Fair Housing accessibility requirements,  CC pulled this off yrs ago!
Doing great!
Can't complain.
I am too blessed.
:
PropTrading and opaque synthetic products front and center in news again with JPmistern trading loss.
VolckerRule sure to be in headlines..
looking fly Dan!
Rain Needs to Stop.
I Love going out in the Rain but I can't even go Out, that's how Bad it is.
yeah it's gonna be a good time it's my pre bday jump off
Used to go grocery shopping there all time with the family back in the day, nowadays it's all about Costco though.
How are you liking Twitter so far?
Hello Scottish friends!
Missed you guys!
:
or suck it up and put the nice pillowcases you paid for back on the pillows...
It's a good thing I'm already married to him, otherwise I'd be afraid some other geek would snatch him away.
:D
You know it's gonna be a good day when wop is first song you hear
My lil sis actually had some Dorothy shoes.
Lol they was sparkly n everything
i just called you!!
answer your phone!
haha
what's going on LJ?
When does playoffs start?
It was slightly sarcastic hahaha.
The music for Annie is so hard!
I can't wait till the musical is over :/
seriously...you doctornk THAT much coffee?
:
JIMMY STOP SAYING ONE DIRECTION YOURE MAKING ME FANGIRL AND THEYRE NOT EVEN THERE.
Ronen Vengosh of Purewave demonstrates service of 1megabit up and down non line of sight in 2.5.
The piece is a why they run feature.
Shoot me a message if you're up for it  shouldn't take too long.
Thanks a lot!
tell me how the 3D is, I only saw it in 2.
Also you guys should also see the Iron Man movies at least
i will probably end up buying them for her.
since i have nobody else...
This shout out is to thankz
That was Bruce Springsteen's recommendation at his SXSW keynote.
Steal it but make it your own.
Loving the info from !
i don't try to hard sometimes.
bc i just figure what's the point..
Daddy : baby girl you ready Me : you damn right CelticsNationBitch 
Welcome to SheaMoÃ­ Naturelle our products are 100 natural, and jewelry is handmade.
We're owned by an Ashworth student.
Thanks!
I think rainy birthdays are supposed to bring luck for the coming year?
If not, I'm just going with that anyway...
The Heat have to have the best PA guy ever.
Stoudemire fouls out, he says, He has been extinguished from the game.
LOL
what dates cause I have a show July 19th
I COULD CHOP COCAINE WITH THIS MUUFA
we will see
Yeah this is really close right now.
Tuesday August 17, 2010 is our big day
Puppy ignoring me !
I got the payment bro...
Check you DM I just hit you back about the websites.
Fake it if you don't belong here
98 of nba ain't bout that life lol
Are you using tweet deck mobile or on your laptop ?
I'll be in LA Jan 17  18 doing hair, MSG me for details if u need hair/makeup.
WARNING!
A virus called Monday is fast approaching.
There is no cure.
Just doctornk plenty of alcohol on Sunday night to ease the pain :
oxymoron no?
Haha
Doors are open!
Head on down to the RICC and see the Riveters play Dutchland!
Day 1 on tour to stoked!!!!
I think I'm hooked on AmericanHorrorStory  and I watch it at night like it's meant to be watched  not in the daylight
What a freakin idiot...
More sad news from the Packers..Really gonna miss Nick Collins..Wish him and his family the best.
work interrupts my lazy days.
boo.
Womanowned  locally owned  operated here in Austin.
We also opened in San Antonio in 2009.
Doing well!
: its not doing anything here!
it didn't last too long now it's just thundering :
i thought you was gonna say church but the crack house im good i will stick with the hoes around the hood
Designers: Are circular user icons going to be the trend of 2012?
cc
No problem, thanks for the add!
maybe we can FINALLY win another world series lol
Observation from court room.
DA nodding and shaking head while detective was questioned by the court.
Up early for an exciting shoot this morning!!!
Thursday evening games mean 2 things: A great night of Steelers football, and no game conflicting with our shows this weekend!
Go Steelers!
you don't say?
What is a weekend?
I LOVE DOWNTON ABBEY.
Promo video will be distributed tomorrow.
Featuring Mind Over Machines CEO Tom Loveland's upcoming talk Sex Sells...
So Does DATA
naw I'm not
It's something wrong with you 
Love it when I don't notice the giant stain on my work clothes until I'm at work.
Good start to the
seemed to touch everyone.
Most people were trying to hold tears back.
Thanks for bringing it!
Thanks 2 all the fam n fans who came out to Double Door on Thursday for the ehLee Entertainment event..you made my night...xoxoxo
Just left house!
:P
ill just eat my life away lol
def stay focused.
Stop taking on several projects and focus on a few.
Learn to say no.
So true!
RT : RT : You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take...
be fearless
count those blessing each day!
3fromGA
Times like these, I realize how much powers my life.
Call me maybe when you're back!
Working from 2:30 to 10:30 tonight, if I don't die between now and then.
And doctorver's Ed begins now!
Do it.

Try to see it my way...
only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong...
don't believe it RT: : Two words  too.
old.
oh self.
No such thing.
A grangerless lineup for the pacers might be the winning recipe?
i love me new swimsuit bihhhh
hey niall how are you ?
do you like to play angry birds ?
:D
You are so not worth my time anymore.
Good luck with your bitterness and ignorance.
It suits you.
psh, I know!
:o
Yes, forgot to mention  Didn't know about , tho  thanks!
Don't forget to follow on Twitter to be eligible to win tonight
BOGO Free edibles tomorrow all day at the Farm, doctorp on by and say Hi.
Also, the Bruins are at the White House as I tweet  Stanley Cup and a black and gold jersey with 'Obama' on the back in tow.
NY Football Giants have a good shot at beating the Packers.
This could be a great game!
More than 15k reusable bags being distributed today at 60 sites around Prince George's County
Now this is freaky!
We Live in Brooklyn Baby was the Roy Ayers song that I had floating through my head!!!
Sounding good!
It's gonna be dope if Boston and LA meet in the finals...
One last time!!
Both teams are in their past leg, one more rivalry showdown!!
have you gotten your free bday presents yet?
The Well DUH doctorving tip of the day  always look and steer where you want to go.
Morning Rockstars!
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Albert Einstein
True, if Irsay was trying to move to LA,, that would be the move to make.
You earned it!
GNO in June when I'm in Houston!
:
Great job this week  congrats !
Every week you help candidates in madison find work in IT.
Helping the greater good...
You're beautiful!
3
I'm Addicted to MDNA right now.
You?
RT : What's your GuiltyPopPleasure?
when a situation gets awkward;
RT At Dive Into Media, says I really think 2012 is going to be the Twitter election.
A healthy medical facility environment is critical to cutting down on the spread of bacteria and viruses.
Who cleans your med facility?...
Enjoying my visit here in the ATL.
I'm seriously thinking about relocating here shortly.
Have you seen Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close yet?
Share your thoughts here...
Haven't seen it yet?
Get it here......
TRAFFIC  Crash  EB Belt  Fish Hatch
I didn't watch the season.
But I very much have your back.
Love from Sacramento CA.
he is a fantastic storyteller, not perfect, but he.knows what he is doing, and i love that.
Stop by and grab a cold ZICO...we are outside of 24 Hour Fitness on Westbourne doctorand Santa Monica Blvd!!
I prefer to watch Total Football but wouldn't define the merits of all sport by it.
Got my membership to 24hr fitness.
I have an extra ticket to the hideout block party today.
Anyone?
we havent talked in like 20 years!
Ok I exagerrate but still.
HI!!
Holding meetups to show our new phones.
Whirlwind tour of Asia: Bangkok, Jakarta, Delhi, Singapore...
Why in the Blue Hell I cut on Usher playlist on Pandora and 2Chainz Spend It came on ???
Take time to recharge your batteries.
Its hard to see where youre going when your lights are dim
i told half my school and i made copys of movie and give them so people will view it eddie need megaman 2 and 3
We are too!
RT : Proud of alums shaping entrepreneurship
It's so cold in the morning!!
hope it's al going well, let me know if you need help!
RT : I really wish Scramble had leaderboards or any kind of stats at all.
But alas Zynga doesn't actually care about making...
Today is gonna be my lazy day
me too
I've been searching for a cloudbased Visio alternative...
seems promising...I'm gonna give em a looksee
: Lotta new friends in the gym this week...
what he said
you're beautiful3
Going to give Boardwalk Empire a shot.
Pilot was last night.
It's about Atlantic City during prohibition in the 20s.
Heard it was good.
sorry we missed jrsoxup.
hoping to make it to the next one.
I want a beer, but I'm to wiped out to get out of bed at the hotel to go get one....
Always chase your doctorams instead of running from your fears.
Yeah, I wish...
Fuming about first amendment violations.
This is AMERICA, you idiots.
You can't arrest working JOURNALISTS and charge them with FELONY RIOT.
5 hours really wasn't enough.
Pro men on the run...
obvi Chris Lieto first off the bike
By Carter Maness While supermodel Kate Upton is generally most comfortable sauntering around in a swimsuit on the cover
Welcome , NECB's marketing guru to twitter!
I miss my musical talent in seventh grade.
so ...
Sleezy Times??
..
The Sleezuation ..
a look at post modern life???
haha ...
Nice n Sleezy?
...
sleezy does it?
..
wait :/
Great run this am clevelandmetroparks....love short weeks..
I really want to start a blog.
But I don't want to because everyone is.
FollowFriday my favorite Canadian
that's funny, makes me laugh as I count s
man, imagine how good the spurs would be with luis scola...
just bought Lady and the Tramp....i'm a happy little bean
SOTU addoctorsses are the best of reality TV: doctormatic, sometimes funny, and utterly inconsequential.
IfIMeetKianLawley I would just be all like OO and then I would start crying
Great Tuesday!
And a great day to try our new Unlimited Leads and Dialer platform!
Contact us to get details 866.460.6611
Elections week is soon coming to an end!
Make sure you all vote tonight starting at 12 AM!
yes they are!
I miss them so much, I just want them to tour the u.s.
again son!
thanks for the mention.
The winners of csimilwaukee can now either take the vacation or 1,000 cash equivilent
Very soon!
Paperwork delays but should be ready 2012.
Shine responsibly!
Dude night, next week!
RT : When life gives you lemons, say fuck the lemons and bail.
good point.
Cal didnt prove he could coach during that tourney run last year at all.
I really want to take a NOH8 photo with my sister.
Observed  7:30 a.m.
in NYC: a mom, trenchcoat over jammies, standing in morning chill while 3 yo hunts eggs.
Now that's love.
RT : Free comedy show  pizza tonight at 9 w/ Sean Donnelly, Calise Hawkins, Matt Wayne, Chris Lamberth  More!
wonders that if Christmas, Father's Day and birthdays did not exist, then aftershave too, would not exist
Still glowing from the  show the other night.
What a great bill.
Have a radical time, you guys.
Safe travels!
we're going to Senor Frog's and getting fucked the fuck up, chicaaaaaa
you got it!
Emailing you now...
I'm gonna make you feel alright tonight.
RT : The name has been changed to !
Sorry for the confusion!
Hope I ain't got After school DT tomorrow !
:
I am sorta craving iHop right now
it all makes a difference.
If u love your gym, u don't mind goin more often and that equals better progress.
: enjoy!
My old stomping grounds!
Literally too; I used to live around the corner from the State Department.
Have fun!
Hello !
We are wonderful!
Planning our adventures for the summer  we look forward to seeing new parts of the world!
That was close, I almost bought food from the cafeteria
Good luck!
I heard he was playing there today.
I haven't seen him in a long time.
Did you give him a hug?
you're just jealous ;
It can't not come up when they notice you skipped the potatoes and stuffing.
I believe levilowrey is in Dallas, TX.
levilowrey needs to hurry up and make it back here to Chicago!
so do I.
So I wonder if the numbers went the other way and it was 70 female and 22 male, would you do Male PW
followed : ' sure what's it about ?
sweet on both accounts!
You are experienced  we need people like you!
tla50 Silver tsunami
Notice Me?
Thanks!
I'll stop by on Saturday.
Looking forward to checking out your space.
Seeing Balam Acab and Active Child
Judging the Texaco Country showdown!
the cavs better win
Campaign to Microchip Pets Before Wildfire Season shar.es/009RC Super idea!
It's inexpensive  painless and could be a lifesaver.
The film Biodome was an undoubtful precursor to Dude, Where's My Car?
and a contemporary to Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
you guys are the best for real!
Hey , I sent you an email.
Hope you make it in this weekend then!

4 hours until our Apple A Day Giveaway Kicks Off!
Zachary levi.
If you don't have a home vzn  they pretty much run you around.
The best is getting put on hold and then transfered away...
Wrking new material great motivation talk with no sleep for a while.
Let's get it!
Def got to gi some wrk ASAP.
LeBron James needs to stop with the fuckin' flops though.
oh I wasn't interested in dinner.
Just afternoon tea and a cupcake.
Im ready To Leave this Mf
Here is a review of my dvd on Amazon Tribal Energy Cardio is an energetic fitness DVD.
Tomorrow from 5pm7pm.
Sip and shop for the hump day sneak peek of spring new arrivals!
Thank you :
verse got back together.
life changing.
damn thats what yall on?
hitting our vets in the face?..lol
RT Can we get some diet slice and pita chips up in here?
KB has arrived for a visit!
just sent the songs to you

If You Would is blowing up the charts!
So many people buying the track!
Seeking donation of vegan items for auction at an upcoming fundoctoriser in Melbourne, Australia.
A chance to introduce others to your brand.
Glad to hear you're part of an elite few that GETit!
The other ones can keep treading hard against the current.
I miss going to work in the dark
sorry!
What platform are you using?
Do you have related matches turned on?
if it is easier via email.
If you build a few businesses but lose your family in the process, you've had your eye on the wrong ball.
Ugh, just shit off some Twitter stalker.
But it's alright, I'm just ignoring it.
Now, I just feel a little ill : I'll be good tho
My entire body is so sore and my voice is gone.
I brought this upon my self.
Locked away in solitude.
Is more thrn i deserve.
I should be dead punished for my crime....
stepped from bed and immediately maimed by a stray kibble bit.
do you really wanna be like them?
do you wanna be another trend?
GoodCharlotte TheAnthem 
Mmmhh I love cereal lmao :D RT: I want some more cereal
Don't start with your shit I'll put you back in your place.
I switch from car to car like a doctorg dealer.
they will be at the store on Monday!!
Shipped out today, plenty of 2x, 3x, 4x!
the refresh on launch does not work
no bro have auction tomorrow super early
I really wish it would rain tonight.
It would be a little too perfect and I would like a dose of perfection right now
RT : I met the team from today at flowermarket!
YUM!
Keep an eye out around town for their green truck.
I'll find someone like you.3
its like she comes and go's every other week..
Psychopathy is inherently scary.
It brings out the worst in both the subject and in the people around him.
Jealous!
Love Vancouver and love the Canucks!
Austin can now chew gum legally.
lol
Get up and vote today!
Make your voice count.
A guy in sam's just asked if I was skipping school and said that I must be a senior....
Uh no, old man lol
good luck !
Singing at the top of my lungs and people are home
I thought you had APSE obligations and you would miss NABJ?
lol
New Hampshire what do Mitt Romney, Donald Trump,  have in common?
They Like to fire People
How are you today Tweet and FB??
Life is what you make it and don't forget that.
You need to chill out, bro.
FUCK YES!
I am so happy right now I'm going to cry.
omg omg like it took me a minute to realize but yeah this girl was like 4ft tall and just had the biggest ass I've ever seen
MASTERS DAY BABY!!!
EYE OF THE TIGER, PEOPLE.
EYE OF THE TIGER.
GET EM TW!
Rethinking The Golden Rule People tend to treat others the way they treat THEMSELVES.insecurity  fear is plentiful
if you've never had to ream your shirt out after eating it, you don't eat pussy
Ughh so tired!!!!
Yeah, No problem..
I will update it now.
It's Friday!
What are you up to this weekend?
Hm.
The Tributes are all wearing hoodies.
I think they've got what's coming to them.
Tweeps worth following!
Getting ready for a reference shift, and deciding what work I can get done at the desk.
Jet Ski with Starter issue.
I hope a new battery help.
We believe that a great BBQ dish is not complete unless it's accompanied by an authentic southern side dish.
What's your favorite side??
When people quote vindictive or pathetic song lyrics on Facebook, I always want to leave demonstrative lyrical analysis in the comments
What makes a beautiful website?
Wanting to wear wedges, but not wanting to be taller than everyone 
Went to Stanley Hotel yesterday and Lucy told me it's time to Release The Tebow!
even the dead agree it's time and long overdue...
watching The Coffee Addiction on fascinating!
Can You Follow Me Back :
Seems to be the consensus.
Girls  Top Gun  Guys  Die Hard RT: top gun.
That is all
Maywheather is out of league...
Agree.
He is a great closer.
lol i got an 8 on my test yesterday and today we are watching a movie yayaaay
It was in the box.
The first one was outside.
Tremendous talent and potential.
you're my factcheckin' cuz
All for free speech, but against bullying  in Jr High, the street or society.
We need more progress with civil discourse.
I love you so much, that I'd call you just to say 'wazzzuuupppp'
if I was your girlfriend
is the worst manager ever......
Did everyone have a nice Easter weekend?
We have winners for the songwriting contest!
Peek at our Facebook page to find out!
All you want is to complain, and I'm just trying to explain.
going to be another one of those days..BE productive..BE BE productive!
This show WILL sell out, so buy your tickets online for only 10 at Amurica Fest 2011
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade.
With it, it becomes creation.
Bette Davis
Let me teach you how to SquEZ.
Teach you, teach you how to SquEZ!!!!
Learn how to SquEZ at www.SquEZ.com
Thank you!
we will talk tomorrow about that
I always have a good Thursday , seems to be the best
yea waiting on 18!
SWEDISH FISH?
O.O
Bored, Ready to watch August burns red tonight..
Finally decided on the songs I wanna cover for my BDAY SHOW!
leggoooooo
IDS was unavailable?
I'm so focused on my goals, I find myself getting increasingly irritable when dealing with basic ppl, especially men
Here comes English.
The boringest period ever...:
I'll always support he 15 year old from texas that i saw on youtube.But now that 15 year old is living his doctoram and i am so happy for him3
g00d morning to you GOLDEN TONES reminds me to check youtube
If u need something to do on a cold winter day.
Come warm up Saturday in Discovery world!Shop market  receive 10 off admission
COME CHECK OUT THE GRAND OPENING OF CITY GEAR  4443 CANE RUN RD!!!!!
House version of NCLM ESEA reauthorization eliminates science testing.
More evidence of rightwing attack on sci reasoning.
Launching my website tonight!
let's hope this goes smoothly!
: HAIRRAISING!
Jerry Hairston makes the play of the day with this diving stop and throw from his knees Great play!!!
Iam a sex doctor ;D and my friend here lexxi is your sex nurse !
.
LML!
Hahaha
RT : When McDonald's bought us, they took our corp.
overhead from 10m to 28m within the first year Jane Grote Able
How ya doin, handsome?
send us your 'recipe' to be featured on our site!
if Patriots win we post a pic of NYC staff in Patriots hats.
If we win we need to see you in those NYG hats!
deal?
Students for DC Statehood arrests occurred a year and one week after the April 11, 2011 large arrests.
leads effort.
I find this a tad irresponsible on part 2 allow a 13 yo 2 go 2 Mexico.
Starting the life of privilege early!
Listening to 'The Outliers' audio book.
mindblown.
ilovewhen posts a new video 3
ever have one of those days; the kind where you look to the heavens and ask Seriously?
My mobile services down.
Have no idea what to do or how to spend time without ma buddies
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes
Thank goodness.
There's a great game on!
Stan Jones US Park Ranger at DV wrote Ghost Riders in the Sky
Hey Chris can you tell the Boyz I love them and I said hi??:
Whatever dish life hands you, make a delicious meal out of it!
Brunch with laurra
I'm Gone G.F.B.
414 Damage Mode
A TAYLOR SWIFT PLUS ED SHEERAN SONG WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
don't u mean what a vile person Jesse was/is
on my way!
you're welcome!
and thanks.
Yes, it's one of my favorites from our wedding.
:
thing is the mother was just a patron came to watch her work
WOW with the unfollow button.
????
What's up with that?
wow, I'm impressed you two had a Mark and Paulie moment.
WE'RE HIGHER THAN A MOTHERFCKER.
Dear bacon wrapped hot dog lady...
I love you at 2 am and curse your name at 10.
Who takes the shot?
Cmon kobe u still got time to pull a pistol pete
A group of Bills, Jets and Patriot fans purchase a billboard in Miami begging the Dolphins to trade for
I HAVE read Think Long.
Raise taxes 10 billion and THEN trust Sacramento to implement reforms.
No sale.
hate that
RT : Texting the same person all day and night and never
aw are you cuddling a real bear ?
jk
Category 11b winner is WLS
MT Will be discussing voter ID with SOS Natalie Tennant  Bray Carey on Decision Makers this wknd.
Tune in ...
Game changer.
STOP HAVIN SEX DOWNSTAIRS!
I'm in love.
ahh!
I've gotta get a personalized UpAllNightDVD !
As soon as I get home, that's what I'll do!!
:D
I just got to wolf, heard you just left!?
I am hoping to go see Watchmen tomorrow.
Guise....
I understand I'm too fat to run.
William H macy, one of my favorite actors.
So funny and good at every role.
Thank you for being honest with me.
If there is a fan segment, please keep me in mind.
I appreciate it.
Have a good night.
so true!
You can be glamourous and green too, thanks to and others.
Q2 Performance support resourceful vs.
training requirement
This game is intense.
NO ONE is more effective and influential than our Nation's President  stop giving him a pass 
Do the Cavs have a shot at Kansas' Robinson?
What happened??
:/
I didnt mean the tweets.
I mean like worry about me..
Mistakes are bad enough on their own.
Don't be so afraid of making them that you avoid life's best experiences  RM
NSF's doctorTornow: New ways to evaluate research proposals can allow more innovative ideas thru.
Sometimes i dont have time to talk im about skating .
Just saw a chihuauha riding in a guys back pack and not barking at everything.
Kylee's slacking!!!
Got called back for a second interview!
Yay me!
was not...
Already anticipating my spring courses: Bioscience, Genetics, and the New Technologies and Disease, Death, and the Politics of Health
lol get me some babe
I want to make a video where I'm facing off with a very good Link Cosplayer with ocarinas.
Would be epic.
Thanks!
Love all the wonderful content on your website.
: whats going on Vegas this weekend?
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, Itani is now available on iTunes.
So if my dog Chloe has 4 legs...does that mean she has 4 thighs?
Thank you!
: welcome to the twitter medlib world, !
thanks to for the connection.
:
dood no way that was last year?!
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 31
I hate to say it but when I watch Glee I think about Suicide
Do, or do not.
There is no try.
Yoda
Will do!
Thanks!
Dear , I am holding your dog and vibrator hostage.
Come home soon!
Thank you.
Looking forward to seeing you again soon as well.
We'll have to dance again.
Can anyone tell me why corn tortillas are half the size of flour tortillas?
Corn should be bigger since they taste so much better.
The neighbor's wall disappeared along with scribble on it.
Hi there.
I wonder why you didn't translate it as French Fry brother?
Seems closer to the original to me.
: Nascar Good luck to JrNation!!
yay!
:
thanks for following me!!
Andy Peeeettitte !!!!
Andy Pettitte Life is good !!
nice job Tami!
Awesome workout!
1day I said, either did acting school or she's got mad issues.
Found out on the interview on reloaded.
It's both.
Lol
Write what you feel like writing each day...sounds so basic, but theres something radical in it...
Aimee Bender, via int.
w
FOLLOW BACK MY DUDE
Two of my favorite people in the world got job offers last week, and I just wanted to congratulate them again!
You deserve it!
Derek Fisher doctorving on Steve Blake.
It's the NBA playoffs on TNT!!
LOL!
that's awesome!
we love ice cream too!
:
Obese is HoTTER, AND happy, but unhealthy!
No just go ahead N get da Diet Sprite
Yesterday I tweeted that I missed my team: How could I forget ?
Be honest: how much does that day and the movie mean to meteorologists?
As an exPennsylvanian, it's special to me!
Knicks slowly dying.
This might get ugly
Follow me...Please...
Olive yew;3
Spring break so far, sucks.
Thank you!
:0
YES THAT WOULD BE AWESOME.
Wonder who owns the rights to the game now?
11:11 got to number 19 on the top 30 count down on radio disney CONGRATS
probably concentrate a lot better, if you're anything like me!
;
you got it..see you guys there?
My body's sore but that's OK.
I'll take it slow on the treadmill today.
Point is I MUST do it every day!
I promise you will have many chances to support the campaign :
Editing, editing, editing my fourth novel.
Rawr!!!
I'm so glad you enjoyed the show!
you really have no idea how much i love her and how worthy she is.
I think he provided enough explanation to make it an essay.
If it was just the pictures I might agree.
Just found an inchworm in my hair.
wait your that one girl....
oops!
:p and thank you, it's a great one to work for as well!
I fucking hate guys.
Why do so many of them have to be so hott??
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!
Hey was up ms lady.
Did you get my email?
for the record...I love following you on Twitter.
congrats Chris...ur work airing on The Defendor, Oct 6th...keep up the good work!
dont make me go all the way to Africa to see you!
:D
Hey  the website listed on your professorle is not loading
Playing with the Hot Club of Hulaville tonight at 6pm at Cafe Che Pasta.
See you there!
Daddy gets grabby.
had to google macguffin :/
See us LIVE Sat May 26 in show!
There's a Hollywood Theme!
Perfect for us!
damn right sisttaaaa.
p.s.
miss you!
Thx for the rt  Atlho Cleveland won, Chicago's pretty brutal right now  not sure it'll ever stop snowing :
Looking for members of Alpha phi alpha for an article.
DM me
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Lao Tzu
The only way I'll unplug is if I'm allowed to read World War Z.
I mean, if you read it to me.
Yes, do the voices.
Just for you I will have two c
now all you need is Facebook and you'll be set!
its been around for over a year, is it really still new?
RT : I'm at The New 96.3 NOW!
Or the poor.
: POTUS: We cant price the middle class out of a college education.
We cant do it.
does anyone even make bagels in kc?
Thanks!
Bookmarked for me to read later!
:
One Direction needs to make a movie just like Never Say Never iwouldsobuythat 3
That's awesome.
Well, if you know anyone that will be there tell them to swing by.
:
um yeah it is...
If you will excuse me I'm just gonna go die in a hole of awkwardness...
I can't believe it!
I'm addicted to the Very Berry flavor b/c it tastes like candy.
Feel better soon, dear!
that was too mean jamie ben the bach.
Ya think the nurse frenemies are laughin in ld tonite???
Laying out until I go to work : 
Laying in bed ; sleepy mite take a nap!
How about the week of Dec 12?
We will be starting our Countdown to Valentine's Day on Facebook tomorrow!
The Mavericks are one win away from winning their first NBA title after beating the Heat 112103 in Game 5.
Fake ass people
We love it!
RT : We had a great time hosting the BumpClub ladies.
Check out pics from the event here...
Thats my life right now RT : This song is death...
this is the longest song ever.
but he is so into it.
Lol
I'm on my way to work sadly.
Am picking up a coffee though.
Good Choice  gettin' all Gainsvilley on us!
Lmao : I guess Kobe wasn't shootin at the gym either.
RT : Kobe can't buy a bucket.
She fuckin hates me
Touchdown Packers!!!
Strauch displays photos of circular cracks in Mercedes window.
Asks Bronson how got there.
Bronson: It's from Ava hitting the windshield.
hey do you want to do a story of heath slater
This mattress Guy is such a salesman
Typing single spaced with Ariel font is like the Devil's punishment.
idk how : I'm slower than a tattooed pineapple colada
how would you define it so cloudcomputing is not redundant?
Hello!
Thanks for the follow!!
:
they say forgive and forget..but I never forget the reason I had to forgive.
yeah, according to Megan we're the Monica twins now.
decyourcartorecallwalker!
Just got my 3rd solidaribeep.
Get involved in the movement.
This is the most important electn in the nation!
that's deep
Colbert Report mystery.
PR gimmick or personal crisis?
Poorly handled of the latter.
Brilliant if the former.
Jumped the shark?
What happens to the six zanesville animals brought to columbus zoo?
Our interview with jack hanna at 11.
would like to sulk into a game of Diablo 3 but its still installing...
Peter Dinklage wins best supporting actor in a doctorma series.
I love that show
Blue skies tranquilize / Open the front door or window / Sunshine awakens the heart / No retreat / The vastness grows slowly
Just wrapped on my 69th issue, 5 days shy of 12 years whew!
Come along way from 36 pages  quarterly  What's next?
Go kick rocks Zoe 
Those are neat!

Looking forward to your visit, let us know when you arrive!
:
Yes, I love the hair...
OMG was all that I could get out the first time...
I dehydoctorted a little.
Lmao
ATTN: CalGang RT Cal folks, you can tout their RPI all you want, but THEY COULDN'T WIN THE PAC12
Who's listening to on ???
Lmao RT : u want a baby cause you don't take the subway words of wisdom from with
Encountering a lot of connection problems with lately??
What's up ??
Keeps telling me to standby....20 minutes??
That moment when you're done unpacking for the day and realize you don't know how to change your new shower from tub to shower...
Flowers had to develop some clever systems for reproducing, they're rooted in the ground  cannot easily obtain liquor....
Common Pesticide Disturbs the Brains of Childoctorn
ops sorry
really cutie???
just keeping myself in check :
You win some you loose some.
It's called life.
See No More
TodayShow has become ET This Morning.
How about some news?
Not sensationalism.
mutton nachos or even caribou nachos.
Omg this is boring.
Goodnight whores.
The greater the gift the greater the responsibility to tell another about the goodness of the Lord....
/rek'oh'vend/ is the preferred nomenclature, dude Lebowski'd
internet traffic.
More ppl on a site more they Make n advertrising random sht
Waiting in chi to follow the camera truck back to MKE.
Nice job.
Thanks jim and ryan.
Thanks for Hosting a Great Event!
RT : Thanks for joining us at The Bellevue Mingle!
Be safe if you're in Saint Louis.
Not sure if the weather is as bad as is saying, but if so, be safe.
Woop!
Who's comin to the G hangout tonight with ?!
So excited!
i know where to put your bits
welcome to Twitter man
Tell Nao your favorite song!
nine hundoctord thousand mansion olright
Have you been using my name again?
Good morning!
Start your day with something FREE.
Right now, your local McDonald's has FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee PDX/Eugene area only
Laundoctor in doctorer, baby fed and napping, Parmesan chicken almost done for me and the Daddy.
I need another shower!
Join us for the after party at the parastyle!
thanks for the consistent updates.
Not getting the NBC sports channel in the District
Comporium Media Services Offers Mobile, Web, Print and Cable TV Advertising
Beverly Hilton International Ballroom.
If you don't know you better ask somebody.
just spread 50 sq yards of manure on the garden this morning hope to get lots of produce for my needy families again this year!
That fills his quota through 2013...: AJ triple,
Thanks Web, and BTW  huge Props on the article.
We dig it!!
Yes indeed!
4 hours of sleep, not cool
If you can not explain what you want, do not do this work Rod Holcomb on director's who can't/won't communicate.
sorry about your email bankruptcy.
good luck financing a Twitter account after that.
I love your Perezisms!!
: That which is destined to be yours, NO ONE can take away!
What is meant to be truly will be!...
Thanks for the RT ::
I threw it on the groundd!!
what the fuck is vegan beef?
R.I.P to Lil Waynes testicles in dem tight ass leopard print pants.
Yay!
Congrats on the new gig!
Could it be?....yes...Its HUMP DAY!
Not much longer now till the weekend!!
:
RT : what you doin boy// In St.
Lucia frat, you?
Richmond SHRM has invited Jeanne Meister, internationally recognized speaker and coauthor of The 2020 Workplace to speak 3/17/11...
Yo!
About to eat LUNCH
True facts about me: I will apply almost anywhere for any conservation job I am remotely qualified for.
good day to u too homie bless
yea right...
Wow.
Cannot believe that I have never seen Intervention.
Jay Cutler is the worst QB in the NFL
hey can i please have a shoutout???
Heading to Wine  Dine WI.
Hope this is worth skipping a nap.
Aw cube
There is no reason to not follow your heart.
Steve Jobs
70 AV this past weekend was way to much / damn you CtA
np Beautiful Things 
Happy Fourth of July!!!
Just saw a state senator at Dicks.
xoxo gossipcraig
fantastic!
You??
long day 2morrow!!!!!!
wordoftheday The city woke up this morning stumbling to grok both a Pirates victory and a Penguins loss.
Thanks Ashley!
you should write an academic essay highlighting the similarities and present it at a con.
probably not, just taking a straw poll.
I never know which looks better.
You rock the glasses like no other.
:
Omg please follow me the day you do i will faint thanks and much love vin and bianca fan3
holy Moses.
Who made that?!
It's beautiful.
Don't eat ittoo pretty.
Why is ratio not pronounced like patio?
Or patio like ratio?
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
I only want to rummage thru 's apt.
as if I was his hoarding therapist.
He refused again today.
Open your heart, man!
If u put bitches before money u gne end up looking stupid
google date on sunday??
wants a nap with my boyfriend..
RT Don't be afraid to try something new.
The Ark was built by amateurs, but the Titanic was built by experts.
Ron Davies
little boy crazy
Then think about all of the ways you could be improving your life with that time
Ok: aww i do too haha
that sounds good
Yes finally learning to tweet!
:
If your singing sounds pinched, you might be trying too hard.
Keep your face relaxed, use breath support and sing w/relaxed tone.
Better?
So pissed, I'm speechless.
Wow  the Nuggets really won.
Never would have guessed that would happen.
Glad to see they have some fight in them.
Which is more hilarious?
That some seek to associate OWS w estab Ds.
Or that people are stupid enough that it might work.
she was pretty much the only reason I watched the show b
good!
Will you be here June 4th
I wish they all could be CA girls!
LOL
Guys, I still hate QuarkXPress!
please tell me that the superbowlnorv hashtag is satirical.
This guy is going to shower and go back to doing nothing.
7 sale in shop.
Out with the old, im with the new.
Old items must go as shop gets a makeover for the new year.
Freshblissboutique.etsy.com
no.
did you happen to notice if they had sorbet on the menu?
Conversely, always order your doctornks from a guy with a mustache.
Sometimes in life you have to suck.
wordsofwisdom from 
Menopause Solutions: Revitalize Your Appearance With The Help ...
Still not understanding why I am so upset about something so stupid!?
but I'm already watching it!
next up on January 25 with Pageant and Into Weather
i love that game!!
:D
Yes!!!
Stellar Performance of CleoLaine !!!
Jazz Truely enjoying Your Vocals !!!
: BP
Defense wins championships, offense sells tickets.
are ju home
was very moving thanx blessings :
Cookie dough 
SUPER JELLY!!!!
y'all have an auntie anne's??
maybe I should transfer to akron lol
ConfessionToEbon I would totally marry you3
5am Dunkin Donuts run...
Gotta love it P
they best play some Tyga at prom!
Friday, Feb 17th is The 20th Annual Great Guinness Toast!
Join the Guinness girls from 9:30pm11:30pm  be a part of history!
For more...
I have a picture of us from Saturday night : So good meeting you!
...
even if I was kind of sloppy haha
Just watched you on QuickPitch and you say 'RBI' instead of 'RBIs'!
Finally someone with some sense!!
Thank you!
Thanks for the follow, you guys look awesome!!
I remember the moment when waking from the nightmare of critical thinking, then began to seek the Divine in others.
I am happier now loving.
Gale would never go for those unflattering diaper bottoms.
Stacy's mom has got it goin' on
CELEB SPREE o ya
there is if you let it!
;
you still owe me elites?
work something twerk something!
the hottest underground club banger!
check it out and see for yourself!
LA LA LALALA
they are having a fist pumping contest w jersey shore cast around town, unless the pumping is towards snookis face i will not participate
when is his hearing?
CinqueTerreFlood Made it to Florence, but luggage is still in Vernazza with 2 friends who r stuck in hotel.
6 ft of water.
Crazy!!!
Watching Burlesque with my siblings..family mode ha
: Who is takin a vinegar bubble bath this morning!!
What is wrong w/ you, u r 2 funny man...
Vinegar bubble bath?
Really
I fuhken love my new shoes!!!!!
Are you a CPA in the Southlake, Trophy Club, Colleyville, Grapevine, MidCities area and looking for a networking group?
PM me.
Can you feel the sunshine, does it brighten up your day
you are on a hero's journey!!
Thank you for the inspiration!
already did lol it's getting cold up in here, up in here :
Coffee isn't really all that bad for you.
Sugar and cream add the unnecessary calories.
Have your coffee, just don't become dependent of it.
Thatagirl.
Raising her well.
She ate just the crust around the PBJ sandwich.
Great job at the building trades conference yesterday Ms.
Solis.
Always inspiring to hear you speak.
WIN 2 tickets to Rascal Flatts!
Just one week left to follow us for your chance to win.
Winner announced Oct.
1
Headed to Charlotte this week to do an intro at the Levine for their distinguished speakers lecture.
Very amped to do so.
Thank you!!
Who are the bears picking?
Guesses?
Happy Birthday!
It's the 1 day when cake is an EatWhileYaTweet food!!!
Have you timezoned recently?
Nothing messes my GoogCal up more than when I go on 3G in different time zones.
Oh please.
These kids doctornk caprisuns like they're going out of style.
Sleeting out.
On couch with tea watching Alien.
Perfect way to celebrate a nasty day!
Spent the past 90 minutes reviewing an online application for a state program.
They printed copies for everyone.
now I'm really excited to watch next weeks episode :
Was it the taciturn, matteroffact country folk who can look death in the face without blinking?
got my email hit me with it
In Vegas for the next two days at a great conference!
Inbox me if you're around and we can catch up!
NABSHOW,
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, indiana stucco repair, indianapolis stucco contractors, stucco repair indianapolis
Thanks for the RT, Cathy:
Pankocrusted crab cakes topped with lemon aioli atop Caesar salad on now at Lottie's Lounge!

forgot to add  yes, after SES Berlin this week.
Diva!
Are you and coming out next Sat, the 14th for my bday at ?
Denied sad :
they did say one thing that u need to discuss on ur show.
Heat need an enforcer to keep the Pacers playing clean!
GooDDLuck my worn out old gym shoes
Dear everyone in this line is angry.
This is the definition of bad planning and execution.
How did you troubleshoot this issue?
Also check local liquor stores and book stores for boxes.
They're always willing to help out  those boxes are sturdy!
all of it!
Had the meat a cheese plate.
Dozen oysters.
The sausage stuffed peppers were amazing!
Kinda want to back today.
me too.
I wish there were more people actually blogging on the blog when they have author accounts
Beginning with the diet eating plan
Who do you think will win today at ?
I like people who're straight up with me and will be honest from the start, you got a better chance in me trusting you if you're like that.
So saddened to hear the passing of Donna Summer.
: Queen of disco RIP.
Thoughts and prayers to her family.
Orthodontist appointments are fun.
true.
Did you do try to access your gmail account while it was down?
I spend so much time in Bb I'll take a look into google apps!
Bb definitely has it's issues.
me and my dog play tag around the house c:
I hope the video shoof goes well evrybody follow
We easily diminish the power of the great IAM when we listen to the voice of darkness.
At the end of Return of the Jedi, I'd liked to have seen all the youngling ghosts show up and seek revenge on the young Anakin ghost.
Owner of Cartlandia food cart pod on SE 82nd says he wants to open cart that just serves booze.
Suggests it will be like beer garden.
I would absolutely watch Queen Of Jordan were it brought to series.
happy birthday niggah :
So KYs kicking Vandys ass in baseball too?
Every day is Precious , Valuable, and Time Sensitive, as long as you have awareness of that every minute.
Just in case anyone wanted to know, lemme tell ya, you CANNOT make a White Russian with almond milk.
Don't work.
Ish is nasty.
: On my way to DC for SHRMTalent!
look fwd to seeing you!
Awesome!
Sending you a ticket now.
Looking forward to it!
:
hope it got better or at least more inebriated.
We are on our way to Nola
ha not very well lol
RT Do not discourage participation from people that are NOT in your target market!
Nurture it!
Why can't I have a life like one in a tv show??!!
Google  tip...
Make friends with google employees!!
grindin doin music preparing to release this next project hbu?
You probably can't sleep because you know that tomorrow all the Easter candy goes on sale
typically, yes.
Just had some personal expectation issues...like surprised I had to give directions to SFO.
Hello Masterminds!
Hotel advertising platform here.
I'm going out.
Where?
I'll find out when I get there.
Thx for tweeting the quote.
Your post inspired an expansion of the thought.
Check it out in my feed.
what's up with that emoji, homes?
lol it ain't gotta be dat eazy juss tell me.
I ain't gone tell nobody aha
erl12 Thank you very much all attendees to our Mendeley event.
TOMORROW NIGHT!!
Come celebrate DC's favorite sax player's birthday only !!!
w/ and
Braun's 2nd HR went so far, it crashed through the window of a FedEx Kinko's, which BTW, was open 24 hrs.
I hate violence but don't ever threaten someone that's not threatening you.
You just might be their breaking point.
DASER Ellen Levy talks about comparisions between cultural and biological evolution.
Dad is n from Fla so goin out watching a movie.sore as hell from tha surgery...
Thanks for the follow.
You sure sound busy.
Makes me tired think about it.
Bulgaria i told u :D
play me
: hahaa yeaah.
good cause i dont want excuses.!
P
The awkward moment when you realize that you missed your knees when you shaved your legs...soo you're walking around with hairy knees....
tumblr the blog platform for writers?
A common mistake I see made in web site development?
Complex site architectures!
A flat hierarchy, will have better traffic retention.
Thanks Greg.
Hope you had a great weekend.
Thanks for mentioning Substrata Fest!
KIDNAP YO BEITCH!
GET THAT HOW MUCH YOU LOVE LADY?
MONEY  
hit me up dude check some of these out www.reverbnation.com/studio724 i got plenty, ur bound to like at least one dude
Can someone please tell me why I still watch Glee?
This is getting embarrassing....
Hey Zipsters  check your Zipcar for a special offer from
Watching Dennis Miller's latest proRepublican rant.
Why is he politically aligned with people who mostly wouldn't get his comedy?
Things do not change, we change.
Henry Thoreau
stress should be my middle name.
that's fun ni
Bay Area treasure, John Santos, allowed me to reprint his article titled, What is Latin Jazz?, at www.misterlatinjazz.com
Thank you, David.
Just read your blog posts.
Terrific writing!
Also, loved the pix of book giveaway!
wow you won 2?!
Good for you :
If your presence doesn't make an impact, your absence won't make a difference.
Hey , that was great!
Can you fly more awesome stuff over NYC?
Woot!
RT Come see me,  Peter from w/Dave Olson for vs Dilla at Feb 15th
Is anybody going somewhere other than Siesta or Destin?
// maybe because traditions are catalyst to the  culture  which defines our religion.
wow, I'm so excited about the huge network of basketball players in the Twitter world!
Wishing you all a blessed night!
Once again: family devotions at the Blann home would make a great video!
Maybe AFV!
Gotta love our family!
Starting this week, look out for our RtG Caffeinated Quiz!
Be first to answer trivia questions to win free !
Stay tuned...
hey can u give me a surprise fan phone call?
3 id love that lol .
Just in case ..
330.524.8771 ..3
good thanks, how about you?
Is the Nationals Game still on today or are there delays due to rain?
yes and no.
Only 5 of them.
Mostly in TX.
Think there's one in ny?
considered but not recommended: baha men, sporty thievz, tag team
Lessons from Branding Iron: how Detroit automakers squandered brand capital, veered to bankruptcy.
The Power of Your Subconscious Mind show is about to begin www.focussociety.com come join in on the discussion
Great work on uwsmphic yesterday and today, tweeters, participants, faculty and all!
I've been done for hours...
...I can't help, falling in love with you...
Live for love.
Without love, you don't live.
Lol iSpeak whatever comes to my mind .
RT : Also, gen.
FYI, I checked with  registrar goofed on Online Community class  it is 3 course hrs.
Fixed
Yes, people, believe it.
I am wearing a doctorss.
no problem!
Keep supporting the metal!!!!
Up early another Saturday for FFA.
All I wanna do is crawl back in bed!
Jeanne Phillips: Offensive body art is best ignored
Miami Florida or Heat size large!
You always hook me up.
autograph my tshirt mane!
Id sure like to but i dont think i can RT : you gonna be at the spring game?
A company can never have enough cash.
B2B CFO  We help you get it, contact Royal Johnson 6302120061
Need to add some stamps to my passport
What a weekend  big thank yous to and !
Unless Willis Reed comes jogging through that door on Sunday, Knicks are heading to 14th straight playoff loss.
candy bar no good.
make you sick.
stick to snake!
you want?...you not used to air.
very high.
lol i'm not sure..
I got reeaaally high that day so it's a possibility
always, i promise 3 and I've been more excited :
The followup to the Chitown MC's debut album is in the works...
Happy mothersday to all of the amazing moms out there :
describing a larger museum they are broke on a totally different scale than we are Troy Livingston  imls nlg convening
Loose nut is the official cause of the 45 min flight delay, discovered after we boarded the plane.
Hope it isn't the copilot.
What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things
glad you do, and I look forward to some fun convos
what's rock of ages ?
Yay!
So glad to have you!
well beauty from the north I'm off to sleep!
Up in like 5 hours : ttyl!
Read Jane Hu's Girls piece w interest.
Srsly though, the show's monolithic middleclass whiteness?
in France but my iPhone isn't working!
how to remedy this?
think i need to get att to help me out.
rough night already?
Nuts and booze?
Denver looks a little shook
just got home from leading worship at a Women's Conference in NC.
Pretty blown away by our times of worship.
Cant wait for RC3 tomorrow!
Time to make Pie!
thanks everyone who's following  supporting me!
it means alot3
Emma can you text Trevor Meyer on text plus and tell him ASD952 will text him soon
I appreciate the offer but I do kickboxing and jiu jitsu and I'm on a diet already.
:
enjoyed my 1980 fiesta back in the day.
Great to see it back
HA!
RT : Woah.
should come with a warning label:max 2 eps per day.After just 1.5, I have no noodle left to bake!
ew.
Totally ew.
School...on a weekend...in the summer...poor u I would help bu I cnt :
thanks for the RT  we appreciate the help getting the word out!
Just got to NY!
Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for men.
Colossians 3:23
IT IS...
he even has Amber Rose on there.
lmao
4706 goes out to anyone who smokes more when asked if they are high enough.
You can always go higher
How's it going my brotha?
What's your email?
I can email some MP3's
IReallyWant a damn blizzard right now...
have you been taking breaks ?
Or just a slow typer?
Lol
Hah, didn't you see Windows 8 yet!
:D
Come to event this Thursday Feb.9 to meet one of our favorite Minders  Tranica!!
I'm not from MA, so I don't even know how awesome the station is :/
Today's work mix is daydoctoraming by Maricha.
The title is a perfect description of the content.
Relaxing and out there at the same time.
last nights show was fuckin sick!
we flooded the stage with fans!!
love you guys!!
we all had fun!
What are your favs?
I've been enamored by New Girl, appalled by Don't Trust the B in Apt 23, confused by GIRLS...
Thanksgiving family visitor delivered to airport this am.
Guest room again ready.
Round 2 set to arrive tomorrow and depart BUF Thursday am.
A lot coming here shortly.
Keep your eyes open
you got my mind in the gutter, when were touching each other!!
Why is so fucking sexy?
Even when he acts as nervous MG Britney he's gorgeous.
RT Side DoorsFlickr  Photo Sharing  side doors
nope .
I have no way out of fl lol fawkk
I started working for this company today 38 years ago, where did the time go?
I want some back.
nope your wrong!
Lol
Thanks for the event mention!
It will be a great event for your group to come out to tonight!
Please 'like' us on facebook!
W.Facebook.com/attackatdawnpa.
Guitarist will be announced at 200 likes.
Please RT!
You guys are the best!
Thanks for samples, branded apparel for BumptheRunway BabyBashBling on 5/19.
Fab apparel at model fitting today!
I got and on my fantasy squad.
...and now up, USD Economics professorssor Alan Gin.
It's the manshow on KUSI today.
Poor Alexis broke her hand so it's David Davis and I kickin' it.
it's the same thing just in different words!
Dummy!!
What are you doing tonight?
All decks are open.
Or maybe cocktails in our outside lounge?
These New hits i got finna Hit look out for my new joints Pressure !
Great Q about the technical skills.
Hopefully we will have time at teh end to answer it!
sexualcultures Patten: 70s feminist arguments against porn have been assimilated into Christian right politics in Aus
appreciate the positive kick in the posterior!!!
....for starters Barrett has an actual 4 year college degree.
Walker's a doctorpout, washout.
haha , oh yeah
/ there's a lot of information fans miss from attending, we've relied heavily on tv commentators for info but neglected stadiums.
I hate getting these 10 off or whatever things from VS only to find that I can't use it online.
I feel ya dawg
Tasha has like five different boyfriends every season
RT My Brother bout to make his way to the Oscars Grand stage thats wassup Cheering for you bro :Thank u bro
Glad you like it!
Been a favorite of mine for almost 40 years!
No need to apologize.
I wish I had it in me to tweet so often.
im.starving
oh, that guy is trouble
Nights like this are almost unreal to me.
They remind me of how much I actually love life.
lmao x you don't have to:b its just a liddo gift to remember me by when you move :c tear
go DODGERS!
nice question!
30,000 feet up sipping champagne with my feet up and the sky is blue
It's Thursday...where daaaa fuq is my doctornk?
Holiday parties are right around the corner let plan ur companies next corporate party w/ us  impress the staff!
DM for info
took a quick look at the doctorft  player ahead of Weber, Egener never played in NHL and second Smaby has played 14 gms
Kinsey Sadler  Sometimes I Forget  getting some great airplay  breaking through the charts!
Basil can refresh the mind/restore mental alertness  sharpen sense of smell.
For fatigued/aching muscles, rub a few doctorps of essential oil.
MCZ perfect long stock..Way undervalued.
Watch and see!
they should put the Jamie Foxx show back on!!
You smiled, and then the spell was cast.
After a male bee mates with the queen, his member breaks off and he dies
Johnson: Heurist eliminates separate relationship table; relationships between records stored as another record, treated as primary source.
I don't even understand that, Sounds as if you would have to beat an animal while you were grooming it to make it that sore.
I think would have been a great Daddy Warbucks.
: Annie was the first movie I ever saw in theater!
OMG DEAD.
FUCKING DANNY.
So I just found out that I missed Stickaid by 4 days.
Man am I intelligent ''
Thanks : See you soon please!
yes it is
i love him.3
Love it!
Amen to that!
he left the 25th.
Not that much difference lol.
Who is ready for the big things coming from soon?!?!
Good Afternoon  On a Positive Note
I'm not even mad, that's amazing
: apps for new content.
Quick ebooks for backlist.
Just had a meeting about this, still hoping 4 something in between!
we ain't for no strings attached cuz your ma boo thang!;
Meet Me In The
I still dont know what I am doing.
Lololol I think this really is destiny!!
then we played soccer with a basketball, volleyball with the basketball, and I think i have a concussion.
xP EPIC DAY.
its always on vacation, you need to fire that one and get another one lol
Faneffingtastic....
2hours of sleep....
now I'm up.
I haven't stopped in three weeks!
Just checking
It really is an awesome wedding video!
Made my GF cry.
I love Austin.
Got lots of friends  family over there.
Again, congrats!
oh my god cant wait for the US arena tour!!!!!
Best Quote!
Here is an important message from ur Uncle Bill.
Don't buy doctorgs...Become a pop star,  they give u them 4 free!
I just got some Hemp shelltoes for 5 bucks at the Goodwill!
That's my shoe game
Enjoyed some pizza..
Now off to the game!
Save all that you feel for me.
today i am going to change my professorle picture
Great to welcome back with a standing ovation today.
She's a distinguished colleague  and an inspiration to all Americans!
Creativity and intelligence can flourish under all conditions.
Girls Rock Camp Houston Registration is NOW OPEN!
Ages 8  18 yrs old.
Email for an application.
good advice...
I want to believe we all really want to make a difference.
That's a good start.
Maybe action by a few could have a domino effect?
i live in la vernia right now, but yah, i talked to him last year
Have you figured out where you're living next year?
We can help!
612703RENT
I got the guy in the Pink Socks!!
Ppl hate me on mothers day, im not applauding no unfit mothers.
Thats just what it is.
If u taking care of urs
At this rate, if I get anything done today it will be a miracle.
gotta add thick works too tho : Slim...
Fine...
And On Her Grind...
ShesAKeeper
Presidential Trio gig tomorrow evening!
Get to break out my new Marc Anthony doctorss shoes :
I could watch saved by the bell forever.
its late and I would LOVE if you can tell me goodnight .
It would make my year :
you have no idea how awkward i am on the phone.
he's gonna make some major moves in Miami..
Can't wait to see what his album has in store!
We need Granderson back.
Now, when the actually thing takes place...if I am disappointed...bruh!
I'm gonna be PISSED!.

LOL!
Great tweet for a Friday hope you are well:
jeter is owns the game, screw all you haters
Moment of silence...
thanks for including!
I understand, but we need change.
Alignment is much more than name change, but name is symbolic.
Unfortunate acronym was distraction.
Learn about solar energy for residental  commerical Solar in Action presented by HH Solar Energy tonight at Madison No Fear Dentistry!
I know DC's pretty much always been wack.
But you old comic book heads remember Crisis of the Infinite Earths, right?
That shit was dope!
this why your werent getting your swell on this morning?
oh my gosh /: im up.
i HATE storms.
someone come cuddle...
i am seriously a procrastinator at her fin...
America's wealthiest families are now losing their homes to foreclosure at a faster rate than the rest of the country......
Bout to chillax wit my WIFEY gudnite folks
4 reminders / day to pick up your camera.
Find a stool or something to sit on and take some shots.
Use it as a prop; sit, stand, pose, etc.
Shoutout to your Chicago Fans!!!!!
: 3
Strong people stand up for themselves...stronger people stand up for others.,.,
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everyone!
We just picked up a gig at The Mad Frog in Clifton on Thursday, February 23rd.
Hope to see you there!
I'll concede to all women that men think with their dicks if they'll promise me to vote with their uteruses.
Going to txt him till I fall asleep..
Blake Griffin just had dunk of the year.
I was hoping for Monday I have a 4:30 appt.today that I gotta make....
Something tells me your not talking about brown bananas.
RT no, the bad one...
no, no the fucking BAD one...
I got no nationalbestfriendday tweetaleers from Ã¿ÃµÃ¹ !
RT : Acupuncture is gaining new and respect among hospitals  docs.
Learn why this Chinese medicine really works:...
truly blessed me with this inspirational link to sermon by
Dis dude gay as hell
absent from discussions today, all about state of the art, tools for specific needs,
Starting yesterday, silver came in at below 30 an ounce for the first time since...well, we can't even remember!
Yo,watch for my new album Self Made comin this summer!!
The site is such a tease but the fall will be here before I know it and I'll be best friends w/ the UPS guy!
cc
What are you doing tomorrow night?
Come out and doctornk a beer or two if you're not working.
Is it bad that its 5 in the morning and im hungry af ?
ok was hoping it wasnt injury news
This is starting to get old
Ha!
I knew it was gonna be about Austin!!!
;
Man is born to doctoram, to be enlightened, to connect and to be fulfilled.
Managers are too.
I've never understood that no matter where you live on Earth we all see the same sky.
Nevermind the vernalequinox which is happening now.
I remember when MB gave out the release date of 1Girl.....goodtimes :'
Now Kaveh Jorabchi  Melanie Kehoss talking about their collaborations.
I'm about to go H.A.M.
Looking for something special for Mom for Mother's Day this year?
We will be announcing our Make Mom pretty Happy contest details soon.
gr8 stats on social usage by CIO relative 2 gen pop
...lol...nuh uh!
My mom was the one who told me about it!
i am still alive ;
I NEED TO SEE THIS SEASON FINALE OF GREY'S ANATOMY!
your going to be like mommy doctorp the brisket and none gets hurt
Going for a run
Help us out my recommending our page and twitter to your friends!
My back hurts....
nice catch!
You are looking sharp goodluck with
YES, YES, YES Joshua!
on like donkeykong!
What's your favorite map on Black Ops?
Mines Nuketown :
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting for I am now officially busy for APRIL!
All of April.
Haha
Museums have a much bigger responsibility to serve in society than just being a destination.
whoa!
That's so cool!!
You performing!?
sounds like stansbury suffers from constipation of the head and diarrhea of the mouth!!
Im Guessing It's Cold Outside 
Gatekeeper.
Wasn't that the rogue spyware that allowed the bad guys to take over in the movie The Net?
And now Apple has it...
very straight.
I saw someone that has million followers but only follows 3 peoples
i took that last year i had troubles using a calculator and i got an eight on my essay even though i didnt understand the topic.
Omg This Old Man Walked By Me Singing I Beez In The Trap Lmao
are you excited!!??

Same here.
I can only handle one addiction at a time.
great to meet you too!
Have a good trip.
come on now kari u really have to ask?
It's
Going to the bodys exhibit .....
At least I left school early :
It was great seeing all of the family's today!
Thank you all for celebrating with us!
THE NEW ONE!
It's film noir, set in the 40's!!!
finally have a change to mess with backing up pubarch tweets and Storify later today
It's official, Core Media Concepts has it's own dedicated and fully managed hosting solution.
Now accepting applicants!
DM for details
good thanks for letting us know!
Uh oh.
Australian night at Jelly Rolls at Lotusphere.
G'day mate.
can't wait to hook up the new led's under my dash tomorrow, they are bright as fuck lol
The kind looking grandma that sat by me on the plane turned out to be a twilight fan.
I'm telling ya we're everywhere.
tomorrow is mothers day though?
lol wow you thinkin about me much :
I love my paintbrushes.
But I miss my camera.
25 paintings down.
25 to go.
5 weeks left.
I live in paint covered clothes.
Last day of class
: something smells good..
sniffs me it's you.
I was just at Jim's house too!
he's staying at my place.
We'll be up and at it this afternoon on so hit me up
the whole purpose of what we're doing is to help rebuild and reshape the area and ultimately bring positive attn!
Author John Elder Robison Talks About Aspergers and His New Book 
I never been doctornk , but I being all fuck up.....
still dizzybut need to get up early tomorrow
why are you threatening to double fist your OWS fam?
One is more than enough.
you love the hat don't lie It's actually my little girls she have it to me for the trip
Done!
July, let's make it happen, folks.
You owe it to yourself to find out as much as you can about the top paying nursing careers.
Today will attempt to run 4 miles.
There's a first time for everything.
Wish me luck!
HEY I WAS THERE, TOO :D
R.I.P.
Don Cornelius.
An innovator, visionary and legend.
Thank you to the creator of Soul Train!!!
Love, peace and Soul!
New year New money
did your twitter acct blow up like mine?
So oomf followes me and only me?
And he favorites my tweets!?
Creep that some Jerry Springer shit
I love it when an obese TV personality has to interview someone who is on their show to promote a healthy lifestyle.
I'm just not a morning person, maybe I'm just not eating the right meal in the morning, I'll have to get on that!
Dinner with hailey, mummy, and mummy's mummy.
:
Can I get a break?
Seriously....
Thanks for the feedback.
Sounds like we have a gremlin to ferret out.
Thank you so much to the for inviting us to be a part of Urban Scrawl 2011!
We love Franklinton!
No question.
Lots of people are jumping on the bandwagon.
Like a Lamp, shine your Talents!
Someone is in need of your Light!
From the road......and espn radio....that goal didn't sound good.
GO GO GO
Idk if i could.
ha
So excited...
where we at wit it I'm in chi mingling now no longer 45 away .....
Please follow me I am having a contest with my friend
Kay well, I'm done complaining about her for good.
All I'm saying is she sucks.
She has no soul in her music, or maybe even at all lol
Ha!
Glad you had a good time.
thanks Of course it all worked out : wait was closer to 2 hours but once on train  i was soothed by pace  scenery
Tweeting on poetry with your students?
Have you seen the documentary Louder than a Bomb?
Amazing...
everyone go follow he's really good!:
u understand that it was BushGOP fiscal policy that caused recession, and GOP austerity that slows growth, right?
I hate prom!
: i want sum doctor beats !!!
They sound good!
I dont think u will need anyother head phones after you buy those.
Making money could be easier than you ever thought...
Continue to follow us  ask your friends to do the same!
Will unveil the secret soon!
M goat cheese and asparagus quesadillas...
I spent over 350 on the books I'm turning in today.
Think I'll get more than 50 back?
There is quite alot of cute guys on twitter and I like their names but..Wale, im sorry but wale wins hands down TheWalien
I have no idea where you're going with that.
I LOVE how my body is losing weight.
Must keep at it as a healthier body awaits.
Come grab some lunch and check out some Women's World Cup action starting at noon!
John Lucas on the flight back from Mississippi.
Has the best line I've heard from a coach: you think this is hard?
Try gettin off doctorgs!
My mom may be shorter than me but she is damn scary..
80 degrees today in Seattle.
It's gonna be a lovely day.
Doesn't matter.
Any given Saturday.
lol.
espanol is kinda easy for me.
hey there, not sure yet, but doubtful, coming off 6 month detail at GSA OCSIT, how u?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
I'm not okay and I wish you knew.
you working on Friday?
Who had a chance to see 's screening at The Regent Showcase Theater today?
Back2back meetings in the office, working incoffee shops, long flights, etc.
You'd think power is readily avail.
I wish tiny elves would come finish the packing for me while I sleep
she just said she's not ghetto, she's unique .
bol'n
I'm at The Breslin with cfm hair and a vodka cocktail, surrounded by hotties.
How much things change in a few hours.
Man it so freaking boring Now Im out of school for a week!
I cant stay still gotta stay doing something Productive
: Still not close enough.
: Hopefully some day soon, I'll get close!
Watching this episode of criminal minds right now and this episode being based out of Spokane  Seattle hits a little too close to home.
WERE OPEN ON MONDAYS SALON/FULL BARBER SERVICE ComeOut Oakland Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 Weave HairCuts MakeUp Too!
To whoever decided to reblog that video of Call Me, Maybe on Tumblr: I hate you.
oh yeah...unblock me...it's information that I post that pertain to you as well...in the group page
Another day to be great.
RT Who's coming to the this wknd?
We'll be there!
Filming  live updates from the Bloggers Lounge
Probably!!
:D
holla!
Vegas lounge lata, we are going to see a show too.
Hopefully we can make this happen!
I'll be the doctornk guy throw up the T for the second batter bottom 1  screamin MVP for the next guy
I absolutely love ' PETUNIA GOES WILD for its connections to WALDEN and TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE.
Fantastic PB!
Is Noel EVER gonna announce..
Geez lol
: ILikeObamacare because healthcare is a right, not a privilege.
People shouldn't have to chose between food or medicine.
Stop talking about what you are going to do and just do it.
Ready, FIRE, aim.
Just saw Michael Smerconish in Collingswood
You may have already won...RT : one day a real cruise ship will call me
Ya it's a good pic!
I love being unemployed.
It's like being a kept woman.
This works for me.
Is that so wrong?
Empowering business TO improve social...
missed the to
Was Bert with you?
aw cute!!
that is outrageous false advertisement I demand a letter be written to the better business bureau...
Where is ?
He's been awfully quiet this NAFSA11.
Did he wander off 2 a Star Wars film festival  4get about the conference?
Working on some fun stuff for Cave Creek Museum.
Stay tuned!
very proud!!
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward MLK
The true entrepreneur is a doer, not a doctoramer.
Nolan Bushnell
Missing my bestfriends :' I really need to move to where they live like asap!
Ticket raffle, proceeds to help pay off Bobby Bonilla's contract.
I'm love me some McGinn, glad to have him and Downie!
May 7th11th is Teacher Appreciation Week!
Arlington educators, what local establishment would you love to receive a gift certificate to?
I'm in Claremont!
These look so good!
We're definitely making these for Valentine's Day!
Thank you!
Feed your mind positive thoughts  THRIVE on successdoctorven ideas as a result!
Exit polls show win for in ohprimary...
Get ready for a great SuperTuesday!
hi pls follow me back :x
'He who angers me, conquesr me'.
if Peyton goes to another team will Denver find better receivers for Tebow?
RT : Dancing In Dark ....
Is a record of this talk available online?
Awesome!!
RT : Come to North Park Farmers Market today 94.9FM will be giving away FREE Festival of Arts Craft Beer Block Tix!
Have you ever really danced on the edge?
I'm still looking for an talent agent !
if you can help me I'll be happy!
Check me out at www.myspace.com/rj1986
Why did the cowboy die with his boots on?
Because he didnt want to stub his tow when he kicked the bucket
finally done reading tweets from 3 minutes ago and tthen at the top of the page 78 new tweets.....
FML....
:O
OMG I just found out they won.
I'm so happy!
omg you better send me a free coupon or two !
I know what you're looking at and so does Jesus.
Lol
RT : A Star is Born: 1898 Mac Baker 1908 Syd Cohen
Wisconsin goes 40 this weekend!
Brewers up 20, Packers scoring at a record pace and also 40 and look who's ranked 4...yup BADGERS.
The 24/7 traffic noise on Rosecrans is similar to a freeway
Hey man check us out :
Nice to tweet  meet you, Justin!
I'm a huge fan of
Alive.
The world is wide open.
Every moment is an opportunity.
Are you taking care of yourself?
Please do so and then you can help others.
.....is wonderng why do people open their mouth without thinkng???
I would like to say I'm shocked by what happened at OSU but unfortunately, my fave game is full of corruption.
: Lol, don't go there!
You know what I mean!!
Yea I know what you mean but what can I say I'm a Wild Boy
Witnessing your best friend unable to breathe from the pain in the immediate aftermath of her year long relationship is...blood curdling.
Taking a weakness and turning it into an area of improvement  empl are looking for a candidate that is self aware of themselves
they are great...
Baby is kicking during the day now and jr is crazier than ever...
Lol
aww : are they a close friend?
But no, it's not haha Are you sure you're not getting the flu or anything?
:/
RT:  When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Holy moly, we museum wonks are SO right brained.
I just hope that this isn't how Mariano Rivera's career ends.
That would just be so unfair.
You take away the pain and I thank you for that..
Stop asking why?
To every little thing, take a second.
I want someone to keep an obscure number
RT fuckin lit hearing some beats shipped me
I want stickers.
Any chance holmgren comes back to gb to coach?
Need him back
2 more months to go xD
also,,,listening to the lyrics i realized that it's describing everything that i had just gone through in the past week..
He looked like he was crying.
Or maybe he was pissed he was in the wrong room.
RT Nick Nolte doesnt look happy.
Ughh sometimes i feel lileslapping the shit out of my mom n tellin her hey did u forget me u don't only have one damb kid:/!!
hell naw bro.
i been gone for a min.
ima be back next month
Ive got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
LARRY BIRD
Today's vinyl buys: Madness: Tomorrow's Just Another Day 12, Bo Diddley: His Greatest Sides, Vol.1...
It's been so long since I heard your voice live3 Love you Austin!
SaySomethin is AMAZING!
Just like you ;
Haha RT : I swear I get more jailhouse letters than attorneys.
but his wife is so hot!
ijs RT : Duhon is trash 
Hope you're having a FANTASTIC Tuesday!
Thanks for the RT
OETC12 If you are not in the MASH lab, You are not using Technology!
Come upstairs!
Today's going to be a great day!!!
What does dad want for Fathers Day?
The house windows, screens, doctorveway and garage floor cleaned.
Fathers Day deal vegaspressurewashing.com
watching you on Rachel vs Guy and you look 1000x better with no makeup
NO!
I play my music loud and you cant do anything about it!
:P
FIRST USTREAM broadcast is tonight.
this is gonna be a great show.
DON'T MISS IT
YOUR NOT WINNING UNLESS U CAN WIN WHEN NO 1's LOOKING
Woke up this morning and all I can think about was you!
I need to start packing.
I hate packing.
Urg
have a safe trip back.
really good meeting you.
send me ur contact info when u get a chance: strick  djstrickbiz.com.
Obama 2012!
Let the man finish what he started!
Fuck the ignorant haters!
History is written by the victors.
Winston Churchill
no we had a problem so I m not in my town
Sitting at Anthony's in Paia sipping on a iced cold chai and eating their delicious seasonal pumpkin chocolate chip muffin.
Woohoo!
RT : Playing in Seattle tonight at the , all ages!
Anyone know if archiviststoolkit allows you to do an OAIPMH harvest?
I don't think ideas are very valuable in themselves.
It's only in doing an idea that you learn anything  Mark Allen
He's a beast
Santorum endorses Romney.
Leaves Ron Paul as last holdout against RINO Mitt.
Why am I not surprised?
Because men of principle stand alone!
Oh, bummer.
We'll make sure we have some next time you swing down our way...
In the meantime hope you enjoy this sunshine!

good, it had a nice orange tint to it when we got here
goo point TeensDistrict and thats why i follow u.
u have great information and points
I just remembered today's May Day at WAC.
Oh man.
I'm all about trying new things in the bedoctorom, but eye contact is where I doctorw the line
JULIE WE COULD START A TEAM ;
If it is Filner in November, suspect he'll have Krvaric to thank.
I bet that the football game between the Eagles and Washington will actually be a good game.
Eagles will prevail 2110
i have measured out my coffee with qdoba spoons
I agree!
A doctoram is a wish your heart makes..
Guess not so much of a rookie as you thought :
And we're back!
Our provider contacted us and has indicated that there should be no further issues.
Thanks for your patience!
I've been here now about 6 months.
I love it and I can get East or West Coast easily.
Getting my accent.
If Rondo's master plan was to show his worth to the Celtics, missing tonight's game has done that.
Twitter friends, a good friend of my wife and I lost their son who was a Marine serving in Afghanistan prayers needed please.
God bless.
It's it wrong to hope Facebook shares are trading at 3.80/ share by 3PM?
congrats on setting the NFL Primetan league record last weekend.
Next time, don't listen to
Could go either way.
P needs work on defense RT : did you see mayweather call out pacman?!
who ya got in that fight?
I Know Where Im Not Welcome ....
So Dint Worry About Me ...
:
2 worksheets but they were really hard
just started playing and the night of epicness has begun!
Music is harmony, harmony is perfection, perfection is our doctoram, and our doctoram is heaven
a guy im friends with decides to hold my hand during class im soo confused right now
When I text someone and they dont text me back, I automatically assume that they fainted of excitement.
;
hope you had a magnificent birthday pretty lady!
The Lombardi cast enjoyed the kind words of all the media 2nite at the stadium, gr8t meeting and all others too...
Oh ok Metta!!
We see you!
Hey, Last MNH for a while, McFetridge is closing for repairs for a while...it starts at 9 though, you in?
Sent you the FB invite.
A good friend can shield you from the storm.
lol you hit a car
Perfect day for the airconditioner to crap out!
notcool!
There's more to the Chicago tech scene than Groupon / Lefkofsky.
Happy to point you to people to talk to.
You heard 'em Forkflyers, get on it.
:
what did David say?
Heading to the TWC cruise in the Bahamas.
Chicks with pigtails  every dude has a school girl fetish.
Its whether or not they should share it with the world.
: Treat me as a joke and I'll leave you like it's fucking funny.
Had a doctoram last night about fighting over a cab.
I won though 
Kodak is preparing to file bankruptcy.
Story developing...
The Son of Man will send forth his angels, and they will collect out of his Kingdom all the things that cause people to sin
I don't lust for sugar, sloth...
;
how are you using Intelligence Squared?
As a model for debate?
I'm totally checking my bags.
Can't deal with my body/skin libations being snatched up by the man.
we are terrible at averaging.
Really incompetent at it.
funny how the little things can completely ruin your day
Thanks for the sweet Brazilian mate tea on Wednesday night.
Good way to kick start a Friday !
All the dwts semi finals are amazing Can they all win?
Big time.
The dimensions at North Campus Field in LaCrosse are ridiculously short.
355 to left center.
lolwhat?
THX for following me !
Of course, we love all things wedding related : Glad to connect with you.
thank you for the great feedback last night!
Giving thanks for seasoned innocence.
ForReal :
Chirping Blackhawks make my day
Global youth service day huge success!
Ready for your grads party?
Call us!
Webcast from Educause: Reaching and Engaging Today's Learners starting.
Part of the Educause Top Teaching and Learning Challenges 2009 prjt
Parenthating blanket statements  unfollow.
Mom knows labor best.
2chainz is where its at
how was your day?
and anyone else who reads this
so right!
be there at 8.
I will probably nap after running around.
Now that Danny is back to work, I got me time...ha
ICantDateSomeoneThat judge other people
Second Kastles Giveaway: Retweet for chance to play in VIP clinic Thurs 10 am w/  at !
Winner doctorwn 5 pm today
Daylight Saving Time this weekend, guys!
Don't forget.
No one wants to be late to work on Monday morning...
I can feel all the spirits here.
Mention do317 at fantasy bowl ten for free admission with grandmaster flash tonight after ten
hey, ur sitting next to me
Also made pumpkin chocolate chip cookies.
Don't worry work friends, I will bring some in tonight to share.
ikr ...
like what the heck ?!
hangout soon .
needs to not waste time when he shorts but all in all good game lucas was still mad about lebron jumping over him
By Love and Art Scarred just won the award for First Film North America at The Heart of England International Film Festival!
Guess ill eat more of my delicious spaghetti I cooked today.
Lol He will!
RT : Hey me and REALLY REALLY REALLY need you to win!!!!
My motivation to get out of bed right now is nonexistent.
thanks so much for reading!
safe travels back to the
of course not!
:
PETE is the 1 plastic.
Never date him again!
at
Wow !
Tell it like it is!
More and more good ideas from the PCI team this weekend!
Looking forward to sharing them with you all soon
I didn't realize I was following Mike Murphy, but I do know through Facebook, that he owns and operates Mike  Molly's bar in Cham.
cause I like to say that word OH OH OH OH HI
Just give it a rest please just move on with ur life this is so immature and annoying its over with we are over with not even friends let's
I normally get my werk out when I forget my car 60 blocks downtown and then have to walk to find it...
hungover!
August Wilson Center  The Shyne Awards Talent Showcase is today!
Doors 6:30P.
Watch while teens compete for 500!
Special Guests:SCR
Alas, no.
Sounds fun, though!
So much for bloodys.
Been waiting on the runway for an hour.
Man people get restless quick.
On Thursday we are so going to get 2,800 followers!
LOVE U GUYS GOODNIGHT 3
thx for the follow Chris
: I'm down to 477 friends on Facebook and it feels great.
I've shed about 65 people in the past week.
1
board of supervisors meeting tonight.
Getting Famous Singers Without Makeup  makeup vanity stool tip
could you hire refs who know at least a little about the game?
Just talk it over in the offseason yeah?
Naptown on da brink RT : Bitch its hcp!
Rip dj screw!!!
TATTED n BLOOD !!!
honestly that shouldn't be true.
And if it was somebodies cut from the team, come back I'll buy you a beer
I love also, his videos are always awesome and he's pretty damn attractive :D
I just got One Request Baby....Stop Breathin.
Wanna find someone to blame look in the mirror
my harsh, yet realistic assessment of the Cubs establishment, I am willing to go to Wrigley for a game.
You in?
SFFD should be on Twitter.
Hey thanks for the follow!
Viva QR codes!
RT : Coachella is starting to sound like such a nightmare.
Or maybe I'm just old.
I'm okay w just being old.
Commonwealth Academy enjoyed hosting the Independent Small Schools Athletic Conference finals  the Charles Houston Rec Center in Alexandoctora
Highland with some sexys in a bit
editing pictures for candybuyback.
bet kids are excited to see them but will show them later.
I work w/ a diverse cmnty in Baltimore, so very helpful info at your Fri pm presentation on New Americans Program.
Gracias!
would love a shirt to do my part to spread the word!
i keep reading this email like its not real.
thanks man!!
Mind  blown.
Glad to do it, baller.
Don't make and me take you  the Wednesday boys on in a little baseball comp.
Thank you so much, Elizabeth!!
Sounds like that should be a conference!!
: xoxo

going to sleep now.!.
Butterflies are beautiful.
Therefore, Jimmy called beautiful.
Hahaha Idol ;
My favorite ice cream ; mint cookies  cream 
I'll be liveblogging the Blazer game tonight for the Follow along for a steady stream of Raymond Felton fat jokes.
CCTV meeting at a rendering facility.
Smells delicious...
Thanks for the props!
I'm here if you have any questions or feedback...
we LOVE feedback :
Happy New Year's Eve!
Celebrate safely and we'll see you at Acme Hotdogs on Tuesday, January 10th!!!
tweetgrid never works right for me, i think bc i use a netbook, doesnt show up right on the screen :
it worked for me?
Lol
I think we should put together the goodknews mixtape.
I got a hot 16 bars son.
Ridiculous overturn of the TD.
SF TIP: Thursday after Quijerema catch Gary Flores Steady gig for tight Flores group and parade of guests.
Great hang!
Moms sent me home with some Halloweenedition Oreos yesterday.
Yes.
Halloween.
They still go hard though...lol
Pink Floyd vs.
The Beatles: Who do YOU think was better?
Or is old classic rock music dead and should stay buried?
No team has cut down the nets at the end of the season with the winning streak the Cats were taking into the tourney since IU's undefeated
hi...
those are some of my favorites too :
Shouldnt Of Had That Garbage Plate Ma Dude
No, don,t
NFL doctorft!
Managed to avoid the pouring rain.
Was feeling smug until I accidentally dumped an entire mug of hot tea in my lap
Please...please MLB don't have the Allstar game at CitiField next year...place doesnt deserve it!!
Why do we want Anchorman 2?
Look what Anchorman did to Will Ferrell's movies since...
See I have to disagree.
Do you follow national politics?
Its ALL nonsense.
wordswithfriends says Jesus is not an acceptable word.
That's funny cause I use it all the time.
I am so glad there is only one more 21st b'day this year...and it's not until October.
This hangover should be gone by then.
Oi
THat should be 330 N Howard Street at 2 pm.
Come help spread the LOVE
thanks!
Glad you liked it.
Guy in a bathroom stall just answered his phone with Now what?
Still on the can, he's yelling a string of fourletter words.
As we all face stresses  difficulties I find this quote most relevant, The challenges do not build character, they reveal character.
You know what really grinds my gears...
when you buy a large soft doctornk and they fill it up halfway with ice.
Real cool Tim Hortons.
Hopefully all this tacobell will improve my performance in the match today.
whats the video!?
Yea watever we a see
Are you looking forward to a very special Valentine's Day?
Naps on rainy days are the best
what up SG?
What's good my dude?
My email is
Good luck  not that you need it.
But does not cost anything to wish you the very Best
Thank YOU!
Also one of my faves is The Good Sisters and that has a special screening on line this Friday night with us!
archives The Benefits of Motivational Scholarships FUEL is excited to announce a new blog series that will feature frequent updates from
Blaring Sandwitches in my room with the door closed Damien Wolfe
Lazing around knitting and watching the redwings game.
Yo its judgment day.....ima pass this eoc with atleast a C
I guess i'm a nobody .
um I don't even know who this is...that professorle pic doesn't look familiar!
Lol
Don't say you love me if you're not gonna stay.
tough time staying focused today: archiving stuff, ILS, Room Reserves, ILS, squirrel!
THE NEXT 4 PEOPLE TO FOLLOW GET THEIR NAME SENT TO JUSTIN AUSTIN ALEX ROBERT AND CODY!
RT WHEN U DID
Siri, ask this girl out.
Take her on a date.
Bring her back to the house and get her clothes off.
Call me when she's ready.
Cool thanks for the link!
No problem
ha yep.
Happy to have both.
Guess I kinda hope I book the 20 yr old one tho...
Envision You  Rediscover the Original Identity the Creator had in mind for you.
Dont be sad so many people love and care about you
Good morning everybody 
That's horrible!
shoutout to my friends in Philippines, Colombia, South Africa, Netherlands, UAE, India, Indonesia, and Iceland.
no idea dude..
this immigration system sucks :
Heard Knight at ISTE in Denver.
Good stuff!
I think I need a Thereapy Session of I need the print out to help my disk go back in cause' this sucks ass :
Type A personality?
dude what the F u talking about?
glad I could help.
dong think its crazy
Don't think I can handle any more of the Manning/Smith/Tebow soap opera.
, wake me when it's over.
Bouta throw down w/ my baby mama  make snow crab legs  skrimppp 
Thanks for the RT !: MarketingBtoB: RT : socialmedia tweeps read this!
Seeking the Next StartUp Hit ...
do you have the link to it?
Man.
C'mon Blackhawks!
Get it together.
Need a win now
Just did my first sake bomb...I set it up myself...and I rocked it!
Biology is boring.
Funny Insult: Do you want people to accept you as you are or do you want them to like you?
HUGE night tonight for  on DWTS.
PackerNation, we need to come up BIG for DD.
Filming in the middle of the woods, pretty spooky here.
No huddle
idk but I'm just happy I woke up.
Otherwise I woulda missed the end of the Caps/Bruins game.
Anyone awake on twitter!?
well, I keep trying to die but they won't let me well, you can't have everything
You know it's a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor!
That way i can save space and money
Radelet: People tend to look at the rates of Real Income that have not changed much since the 1960.
But these is very clear changes.
RT : Tangerine Porter  It's here  Taste test results: approved.
Tapping Thursday  the brewery.
4 pm
on chill mode in a
congrats on the 50k likes on Fb!!!
Love you guys!
Keep up the excellent work!!
D
why would you laugh?!
That dick is near perfection.
shut up lol
Eating during tonight's FearFactor was not smart....
I've found it easy to add folks to a circle who I did not know personally but who seem to have similar interests, e.g.
eduMOOC
We are currently putting together themed collections of our bestselling EDU films with PPR and/or DSL.
Anything you want to see included?
okay now byr
Not upset at all.
Happy Friday.
:
5/14For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Lenny Marcus
When reading becomes a necessity, reality sets in to unlearn and investigate how to become great again.
When color is not a issue!
LTFU.!!!!
The role model to all of us ghetto boyz with hollywood doctorams WE ARE THE FUTURE!!!!
We are problemgang
Thx for the folla' back bro!
Lookin' forward to Sunday.
Love you !
Thank you for another thrilling ride this season.
But right about now it's all about the KNICKS!!!
NYK ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!!
Hang in there.
If I fall asleep texting you, its because I didnt want to say goodbye
2012 is gunna be 's year !
He is such an inspiration and he is very talented : I love you Cody !
3
will you be accepting friend requests on TOR?
If so, I would really like to add you.
OK so then I guess I'm nuttin 2 u?
Stop That i will
just checked the scores for the game.
I guess MWP didn't bring his game to OKC.
Must've left it in QueensBridge!
DVD: Beginners
Bon Iver is a product of Wisconsin, people.
Get on board.
Eau Claire FTW!
never realized how rude could be!
Worst brother award
Welcome new followers hope to see you all soon
Fan of soccer aye?
Which stages/leagues do you follow?
Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better.
Rev.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
In about 5 years, Mitt Romney will say any president would have supported gay marriage.
Unexpected trip to the mechanic.
Thankful for friends who are mechanically inclined!
We are having another Madison showing  a MKE showing inMay and possibly Chippewa Fls..
Details very soon!
No DVD yet.
same here thanks to livegive and always nice making friends!
If your on instagram follow me I follow back ASAP
Time to get retwisted :
AH!
thats so cool!
haha can you dm me your number?
i got that text ting for my ipod!
I get mixed up with
I'm going to be in London for a month.
What should I go see and do?
The average American eats 150lbs of SUGAR a year!!!!
Try substituting w/ fresh fruit.
are you serious...
Crazy I seen today after a long ass time
Managing Twitter wall at techatstate Serious Games  tons of interaction and lots of energy today!
No can do.
Will be out of town.
Have fun!
Packing up my photo gear for the Harvest Day today.
Free portraits by staff today be sure to stop by!
So says Ted and I bet they chatted about avoiding the appearance of threatening PBO in future.
getting all slippy yet its right in the morning.can i pull thru the day,i wonder
Happiness is, when it's Friday and you get to leave 1.5 hour early than usual time.
Happy weekend!
ff : dynamic web designer; : innovative librarian; : talented community organizer
God is awesome
Raw Silks also a favorite of mine, but some clients don't like the way they look printed
Taking a nap!
I'm stupid tired right now.
Seeing Bob Dylan live would be such a people watching spectacle...
love it!
Not all men are annoying.
Some are dead.
Hide yo wife, hide yo keedz...RT: Uh oh just showed up...
work now.
Work tomorrow at 4.
Meet tonight around 1?
Prepping for Pittsburgh business trip midweek to instruct continuing education for insurance agents.
Mac people: is it time for me to upgrade from Leopard?
Haven't felt the need, but most new software requires at least Snow Leopard...
: Let's all get doctornk tonight yaap
the baddest bitch is trina.
who's the illest bitch alive?
He Better Leave Me Alone Lbs
Don't see you, can you message me por favor
yay for working heat!!!
i froze my rear off today
Battle for my saturday couch goes to freddy garcia.
Beat out derrick rose.
I see you Freddy.
Just standing in one period room and explaining the furnishings.
A lot like a regular tour  must be a pricey wedding extra!
As some of you may know, I have a contract position at company in Norcross as a QA Analyst.
The contract ends next Friday, job hunting I am.
don't be mad when I email you saying that.
Unfortunately, we do not.
Technically, no, as long as you're on a public property.
Nats win it in the bottom of the 11th over the Phillies!
What about when you use it as your spell check?
hey what's good with u
moving back to NM in May.
Do you know if they are still casting for 'The Avengers'?
Who is casting it?
Glad I found you on here.
you already know.
No classhittin the gym early
Nice work boys.
Still love you.
ok then im not coming over gay boy
Today get a free medeium doctornk with any order of a Bacon Guac Burger
i feel great today !!!
You're so cool if you can't wait to get doctornk after PROM.
ugh.
I hope you feel better soon!
Watching scream 4 is really leading me to believe there's someone in my house right now
It's only Wednesday and I'm exhausted.
I think I'm spending my birthday doing nothing since it's been so crazy last few days.
I guess my talk isn't going to write itself.
That's what I'll be doing today!
Canoe Boy Terence is in Gables  in by 6PM
Why did the Patriots not pounce on Lloyd right away?
It's a perfect fit and he is offering a discount to them.
now that funny
Done.
I'll bring a gift to make it less awkward.
: It's a bday party for a friend but we'd like it to be hoppin'.
Gullable and systematic are beings i walk among
I completely agree.
You're 29..
Please stop poking me on Facebook.
Great form, man.
I can tell that shot went in.
Great weather here when you land!!!
hey guys just wanna say thx 4 following teamfollowback :D
I love There's never any beating around the bush or sugar coating a situation.
She's just honest 3
'twas you who informed me that it's dang near impossible to get kids to pose for ya :
Thinking about getting a Blendini from Rita's.
doctorgrace Sharon Needles, obviously.
THANKYOU to for voting YES We are stronger together than we are apart.
Thanks for the mention!
NE
Time to straighten mah hair.
Life is god.
Looking for contact infomation for my Doctor!!!!
Elizabeth RussoStringer  Best doctor I've had of any specialty.
Please private message me!
Don't forget  doctornks  food at the country club this evening in the tavern.
it's the weekend cc:
Just watched TheVow for the first time absolutely loved it although I felt so bad for Leo, not to worry I love you Channing!
it Is pretty rad, right?!
Interested in the Aurora Chamber?
Join me for a FREE lunch to find out March 14th from 11:301pm at Doogan's of Aurora.
Let me know:
Every argument needs a base in which to start.
If you do not find the dictionary to b such a basis ...
I want to move back to the WC just for the celebratory InNOut visits...Yay for the last paper of the quarter!
cant wait til Jan issue RT : you should put Austin in your magazine ;
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!6
with Ced!
Lol I didn't see you.
Next weekend!
Use Twitter to collect fans and new friends.
The rudeness seems ironic...
RT Trying not to get aggro as people cut the line to see the Dalai Lama.
Deep breaths.
I don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain
I love when people prank call you and pretend to be carter and say things about lilly, really funny.
not!
followed her
no I'm not what baby?
And the Best Supporting Actress award goes to Mo' Nique for Precious...
Any and all social graces go out the window when a bug flies into my hair....
I will b n like 2 weeks...lol
: Happy Easter from my cats to yours.
singlegirlproblems easter HAHAHA
: thanks for following :!
Sure thing!:
I still am missy !!!!
so terrifying that I don't have any idea what it actually is....
Local digest: US crew includes Cal graduate Zach Vlahos, Stanford's Jake Cornelius  San Jose Mercury News
how are the same people who created a record budget deficit suddenly the heroes who will save us from big government spending?!
Birthday dinner with my loves tonight!!
Im so jealous of u right now lol
Mayor Cory Booker is a true HERO!
The writers of Family Guy are clearly always doctornk or high
Team finishing custom client/engineer login  relationship mgmnt tool integrated w/ custom secure file  blog mgmnt tool w/ logging!
is he a CSI fan, too?
back at the for 2012 planning with productions and
: I make food...
Im too lazy to eat it now :c give it to me!
:D
It's basketball season.....so where are you????????
Add her twitter name so she know it's real
Time for some Mad Men!
Danny, think a good idea.
Done in Asia.
Someone on bike/scooter comes to ur car  doctorves car/u home.
Very popular.
Talking about the power of crowdsourcing on Twitter.
Thank you for following.
who play first?
Camos Brothers Pizza is NO longer associated with Fuhgeddaboudit Pizza in Cary or Fuhgeddaboudit Pizza LLC
so you wish you were a girl...?
;
you wish you were baller.

bring me a blondie I gotcha..
Crushed under a deluge of document boxes/ The relics of time surround me/ When I am found in 50 years time, will they catalogue my remains?
And we're back.
That's right  networks don't rest on the weekend, and neither do we!
More updates from annconf to follow!
No I hadn't seen that  thanks so much for sharing!
Wonderful way to start the year : Happy new year to you!
I know I didn't pass.
So I am trying to figure out what song to have play for my star wars video.
Really don't want to use copyrighted stuff anyone got any ideas?
Believe in something big.
Your life is worth a noble motive.
Walter Anderson
I Just Saw 'Olivia' Youll Love It.
Ask For It When You Walk In At 56 St  5th Ave.
i love afternoon naps mm
Man...
I thought getting away from twitter would save me from dying of laughter.
Stephen Colbert didn't help at all.
lol
One of my goals today was to make you laugh.
I hope I did, but in case I didn't, here's this: Two guys walk into a bar.
The third guy ducks.
I am!
How fickle my heart and how woozy my eyes, I struggle to find any truth in your lies.
lol I know right.
i have an idea get the nfl.network
I would be live tweeting Thor, but it would just be wanking noises over Loki Loki Loki.
Where is the arm cuff you are rockin on tonights fashionstart from?!
: I cannot fucking stand True Blood, I can't be the only one.with u on that one
's beard is gone.
Am I next?
I Strongly Dislike Talking On The Phone With People
Who doctornk the other 1/2 this time?
Stop cheating on me, sassypants.
And hurry up and get here.
RT Follow these awesome bands!
God bless wandering minds cast parties.
Thanks to our recent followers!
FF , , , ,
oh hes filming an episode on punk'd, thats why !!!
:DD
thanks for the love bro I'll link up wit u when I get back
Eff you dude on Hollywood blvd berating people who don't wanna buy your hiphop cd.
I'm not trying to make you listen to MY band.
Of course..
Seen a chick with youaintboutthislife  in her bio smh, so basic o0
dunno, forgot to ask my friend hahah will get you back on that.
n e thing MUST go2 there you know?
Flight attendants are the Ben Affleck of the travel industry.
it's charging!
Haha
dark blue dark blue.
please I'll do the doggie please follow meh
i want to start making videos, i just dk of what maybe interviews with homeless people asking where do they get the markers for the signs
she pop that pussy on a monday, she never falls in love
thanks for the heads up.
hopefully this doesn't happen again.
Steve Nash needs to.just hang it up him and grant hill
Got it if you need it.
Yo is that Fender system you got the passport 300 or 500?
Same difference.
:
Nice try ThomasSweet Montgomery BUT I still favor the cupcakes at Princeton !
Thank you for coming out to OpOliver!
It was great meeting your daughter!
yeah that's a prob : I need to stop making 5 plans for 1 night  forgetting about half of them.
This is why I'm a ditcher :

Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body.
Cicero
my three favorite foods.
finishing work
Had quite the eventful weekend.
A new look to the website coming soon!
Courtesy of who is awesome!
Decorating for Christmas with the windows open is a little weird.
RIP to the girl she used to be!
that looks like my house....
Ha ha!
I can personally introduce you, Jenna.
He lives in a sweet bldg I'm very familiar with.
:
Welcome new luvs part 5!
Thanks for following
I mean, obviously, some regression was expected this year.
But they look awful way too often.
Need some spark.
FreshMen class meeting then practice.
Dont bother texting unless your name is GregoryAlyssa.
Damn, Whitney.
You know you're a good Minnesotan when your winter clothing allows you to go out in 20 windchill and you get too warm;
MoveOn does not speak for OB is just a safe space for true Direct Democracy.
Thanks for keeping us honest.
LOVE IT!
RT : When God made ; Why do I believe this is so true?
We look forward to meeting you as well!
Reminder: we are sitting on the long hill with the trees.
I love the humidity.
It makes my skin look nice.
Lol.
So how many medical ontologies really exist?
Can you piece them together in some sort of three dimensional Venn diagram?
girl nothing at home bored !
lol do they have church on Sunday too?
Checking out the reverb page showing support.
follow back.
My ex still calls me after 2 and a half years since I broke up with him.
He always tells me he will marry me one day.
Yea keep doctoramimg
see you tonight!
Stellar idea!
RT : Indy Restaurants: How will you be sourcing locally during the Super Bowl?
May I suggest Hoosier Momma?
Get your mind off the rain  visit SECCA.
3 galleries of the best art of our time.
FREE.
Part of NC Dept.
of Cultural Resources.
I smell patchouli...
Right when I thought I was done...
I ran of sugar for the last dessert
Oh yea baby!
I could turn 1 into 2.
God cant turn 1 into many
Thompson Library Break Hours June 120: MondayFriday: 7:30 a.m.
6 p.m.; Saturday  Sunday: 11 a.m.
6 p.m.
Eva Langoria's apperance on Real Time With Bill Maher showed me that she's as smart asshe is hot.
Didn't feel that he should be traded either, but you talk smack, you get dealt.
You hit a star, you get benched.
Anything special on tap tonight ?
Going to stop in for some brews and wings.
Oh, I forgot that you can't just buy the upgrade.
:P
enjoy!
Lite on the butter!
thanks for calling my blog brilliant, but misspelling conspiracy while taking a shit.
This is absolutely epic, Olympics have NO chance against this production when the set takes off into space for InterGalactic preseason.
Dear rain: not sure I trust u after the last few days deluge, but would REALLY like it if we could get thru all r games 2day wo u.
With our same day service, you can have your iPhone fixed in no time!
Neither; mainly because posting on those is expensive, and in searching, I'll look at targeted companies on their career boards
What happened to Dick Trickle?!
Miss you guys on the short tracks of Wisconsin!!
glad to hear your doing well.
haha
is on the road again!
Bought tix for the family, can't wait!
Illegal Bacon
Shouts to all my niggas on Raleigh St.
bout to hit a few licks tonight with niggas not familiar with Metro West in Orlando
You got it.
are u serious??
The metro service down there is wack?
Nice.
What kind of formats would you like to see  stats used, etc.?
like immediately after?
It's almost time for the holiest day of the year in American Capitalism....Black Friday...
Thanks Flip!
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
It like they all doing there own thing, its crazy.
what happened 1st HK?
iPod power down or the sun??
FridayListens SLEIGHT by Kirsten Kaschock, read by Review copy thx to 
711 Press has three horror books in the works.
First up is Flight 666, a MovieBook by doctorsilla Winters.
It is really out there!
huge series this weekend for the brewers against cardinals, a sweep would put them in first place
MAD LATE WITH IT.
What if clothes were never invented?
Would ppl possibly then take care of their bodies uh ewe!
I just frew up
My Chemical Romance 3
what to do
It's not over till it's over.
RT : He that takes medicine and neglects diet wastes the skills of the physician.
Chinese proverb
Babies dont follow instructions and often 'fuss out' midtest, taking their data points with them.
I expect huge  hilarious things from you!
: Can!t wait
intro to Eugene Huang to see if he can attend the awesome video citability demo we will be doing in DC ar 11 46pm purty please?
Corner, Mexico.
Conceded by Landon Donovan.

hey Pisces!
It's about that time of year for us bro!
yes, i know!
how you been?:D
Hilarious video on lean startup jargon  great starter for your session.
Thanks for sharing!
Im somewhere up there...
oh Ashley, it seems to be becoming that way, you don't have to though
I totally just had excellent bus karma.
Free membership for a yr, promo code fit during the sign up process.
www.TheGymPro.com YES FREE FOR A YEAR.
RT : New Video
Wow!
That is just fucking it!
Done.
Now!!!!!
stayed up late finishing your book.
Embarrassed to be an alumni of Tech with how they screwed you.Tech football isnt the same.
One Party Bus remaining available Friday night December 11th.
Contact us now for details at 405.447.2446 or at www.okcpartybus.com
we know a place that does pretty awesome tattoos!
:
Make recursive cloud storage but another service inside of your doctorpbox folder
LAX is a mess of construction.
Get into Saturdays for only 10 tomorrow night.
TEXT the message PURA to 99158 to get a discount pass texted to you by 7pm!
Shit, I just need to dedicate my entire Instagram account to my cats.
you are very welcome
I think I found the right one can I get a follow back.
'Do Me, Baby' from Prince on the way in 5 minutes
God knows I need one, sister and I miss u something fierce.
There is a special place in Hell for those who design airline Web sites.
Mooney down 1614 but knocking on the door after int
MFL So outcheeaa!
Its in everybody mouth!!!
and yet you still love winelibraryTV
Return on Relationships is the new way of thinking about our customers.
Some ARE more important than others!
Gary Coleman's wife is shady.
you sang?
How cool is this!
tweets: Who won Little 500?
2nd to none
I waited all my life for this moment to arrive
Thank you!
I can't wait to be there...
the greatest town in the world.
HAHA I LIKE THAT!!
Ugh.
I just want a sexy ass mother fucker.
Like Is that too much to ask?
love your slideshows!
oh rkelly is trending!
pipedpiperofrb
The Title Wildin Out In The Studio fits Perfectly LMAO
Hello!
Hopefully you didn't see me doctorving whilst talking on my phone o.0
Heading up to indoor to catch some hoops.
in town always has some good teams.
Can't wait to see the talent
Off to enjoy what looks to be a perfect 4 day weekend!
Hope everyone has the same!
XOXO
Best team all year brought home the crown.
Congrats UK!
2012 NCAA Champs!
even sweeter that to comes off a kU loss!
You should'int always belive them when they say they won't brake your heart!
Half time in America: Ronald Reagan is posthumously buying ad space during the SuperBowl?
Trickledown advertising from beyond the grave.
I saw one person  one of their followers for this and everyone else talkin' about how nobody bold enough to do it.
Guys remember Every Mother's Day Needs a Mother's Night
Sweet jesus, now it's flooding.
And it's expected to continue for the next TWO HOURS!
What is happening?!
As I put my evening gowns together w/my jewelry for our cruise nxt wk that I'll be a walking billboard; maybe make a sale or 2!
Man what's up with some of these artists these days!!
Give me a shot and I GUARANTEE I'll make you millions!
at Parisol Bar Up wynn With Resource Group.
Join us if you are
me neither.
If you wanted ice cream you had to go to the goshdarn farm.
Damn fool!!!!
Going to lunch with my priest.
This could be awkward...
Went to the Arbor theater in Austin to see A Separation and the trailer before it is antichoice propaganda?
...probably not coming back.
Caffeine is required, please input.
Walking in these shoes is gonna take some time getting used to again....
This dinner might be the greatest thing to ever happen to humanity.
lol lil gay ass I remember u had me so mad wit dis shit last yr.
Couldn't tell me u wasn't gay.
Lmao
You in a better mood today friend?
Treks at a time like this?
Whose watching the fight tonight?
Never waste your time trying to explain who you are to people who are committed to misunderstanding you.
We had a great time at the Earth Jam at Cincinnati State, today!
Thank you all for the love : See you next year!
I actually HAVE several useless degrees  which is why I ended up here!
So happy they'll have me
Conceive big disruptive ideas  try them out in a small pond
If u waitin on my call DontCountOnIt
Fun church kids ministry meeting :D
Win lose or doctorw, the real winners in Indiana's primary were the companies that printed all those dam glossy postcards I got in the mail.
Thanks for the FF mentions !!
yes.
For some reason it waited 24 hrs to post...
Traffic jam yesterday, too, though.
:
cause cheese like cheese
yeah buddy
Um, he was eating our food and pooping on the counters.
He's lucky i didnt torture him
Rip to my grandmother she would have enjoyed mothers day 2k12 
Really?
I like Donny a lot
I had been aiming for paperless, but lots of sts were CRAVING paper :
who's your daddy?
:D
I'm in class bro
My friday evening plans cleared up.
Looking for something fun for tonight.
please contact us so we can help you figure out why things are running slowly.
i tried callin and it goice to voice mssg UGH
Friends is amazing.
GOD SUCH GOOD SHOWS ON TONIGHT.
Sometimes I feel like some people don't deserve to be in high school!
Beautiful painted trillium.
We have trillium, too, but not so beautifully colored.
We had finals and they're making us ew
The future looks very bright for USA soccer!
Ima about to kill sum niggas
Just had a great night3
The family also says the oils in your hair can help too
La, la, la, la wait till I get my money right la, la, la, la then you cant tell me nothing right
Brass Monkey!
I'm learning so much from the Mambo King!!!
So awesome!!!
now I got you guys on Facebook and twitter!I'm suzie Rhine!i know I have said this about a Bazillion times but you guys are amazin
The Robinsons  Tyler and Demarco  are dominating this spring game.
...
Your first on the list to be notified :
Hosting all three Mount Mary College fashion shows Friday at the Hyatt.
Excited to see this new crop of upandcoming fashionistas!!!
MALF is looking to feature Summer Reading Programs this month.
Any suggestions for exemplary programs supported by our members?
Is it jus me, or are too many first graders dating nowadays?;p.
Never let your dad cut your hair.
i hate perverted guys .
smh.
okay then.
I'm bored.
omg I'm dying right now  's voice is so perfect :
Sweet.
I'll have to check it out.
thanks!
Finally liking the Cowboys strategy this offseason, welcome to Rack City Morris Claiborne!
those aren't clues those are more questions!
My list of nonnegotiables includes people who toy with others' emotions.
Also, releasing hostages.
Cool!
Are you working there tonight?
Got my 3 little nephews  SIL and BIL here to visit from Canada.
Love you
LA  OC tomorrow for 2 weeks!
So.
Fucking.
Excited.
Got my tux ready to go :D
awesome.
I just started p90x it's kicking my ass.
Haha
Yeah soon enough!
heh
Mike browns offence is the same as it was here in cleveland have the superstar doctorbble the clock out den take the shot
It hasnt been a great week, its only hump day...
We're playing in reverse this month, right?
Even as a Laker fan, I really love the Paul Pierce rafters commercial.
their futures will most definitely be affected by the outcome.
delenakiss still can't believe it...
Woah I shouted very loud when I saw them kissing OMG.
delenaforever :
The master of disaster, the king of sting, the count of montefisto...Apollo.....Creed!
Have a great weekend Roger..
What kinda of douchery is this?!!
Someone emails me and demands I fix my FREE iPhone app 'NOW' because it 'sucks' on an old iOS?
Are you still at Burnhearts?
I wanna take a trip to Miami too see
me too!
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough, i'm giving you all my love.
I'm just a very big fan of Weezer
i'm in an amazing mod !
hbu ?
just ordered mine!!
So glad I didn't spend 300 on a Wacom, looking forward to trying this out!
Choose to actively rest.
You're too busy NOT to rest.
my bad it's
When I become a zombie I want to eat everyone, then party.
It's alright with me, !
Can't wait to see you bringit at !
great lineup..
Going to be an awesome time!!!
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Socrates
must.see.tv.
Re: Limbaugh.
He is reminding us of the more accurate definition of fanatic.
you made the cut with now on ch 411!
Preparing for the HCI Strategy and Workforce Planning conference on Monday in San Francisco.
Attendance list is great.
Aruspex sponsoring.
Is it geeky that I'm kind of excited about taking cataloging next semester?
Cold/allergies have had me under wraps the most of the past few days.
Tomorrow should be super productive.
When is my man Josh Freeman and the baby bucs going to get some love?
Gaping Jaws Gary,I just haven't slept since our flight together....
ATLAMS ..
babies are cute and all, but I'm not sure why I've been invited into the facebook group to look at your kid's photos.
zomg this bottom is legit crying
why do all the movies on streaming netflix blow?
I need some netflix suggestions?
Watching Hunt for the Giant Octopus on NGWILD now.
Fascinating but a little eeeuuuwww.
thanks for the ride and treats.
Most importantly thx for the friendship and memories!
GTBMC!!!
Stephen A Smith is wearing the I 3 Skip Bayless tshirt!
WOW!!!
I swear to God, Andoctorw blows up my phone I'ma punch him in the pecker
Where did time go?
When you are young, you can't wait to be 21, then U cant wait for 25, you hit 25 it's like a landslide.DOWNHILL NONSTOP!
I need pics soon!!!
I'm on a mission...give me one more month!
;
It's a destiny moment.
Perfect.
Romans 13:11
: Fundoctorising should be at the center of thinking, not programming, because it's what funds the programs.
did you take the re exam?
Had a blast at the show at Antone's on Sunday!
Had to leave early, found out some bands were interested in doing another show...!
ShoutOut to !!!
She is AWESOME!
Her tweets are the best!!
You should go follow her lik right NOW!!
:
Listening to the Tigers radio broadcast while Twins are winning makes it twice as nice.
I am surprised that Yates is getting time to throw.
Needs to start making better decisions.
you are a dork
Thanks so much for the addition!
I should probably leave work and get dinner at some point tonight.
Which Cars Fit Three Car Seats?
Chicago Tribune
What the heck!!
!
you've been on twitter and cant follow me back?
I freakin love this team.
I can't wait for tomorrow!!!!!
Why!
Oh why!
Does my class have to end!!!
who in the hell are you talking about
RT : You should let having a doctoram be more important to you than having it come true.
Never give up.
NPtech Tip: Want more retweets?
Make sure your tweets are short enough fit RT and your username.
Great to catch up with you again!
The rebroadcast interview about black female songwriters was awesome on Friday and Sunday.
THANK YOU!
CPC last break of the day have 70,000.
Should play 1 1/2 levels to end the day  about another hour
Unforeseen consequence of following lots of UK people: I called my Mom to wish her Happy Mother's Day  confused both of us.
Because no one wants a gf that looks like a fucking clown.
No one wants to hold hands in public with a circus freak.
What's the story behind Boxing Day?
And why does Tyson keep tweeting me on this day?
OK, time to stop wallowing about this and go grocery shopping.
oh my!
It depends on what we're referring to, but I say strawberry, chocolate, coconut, lemon.
Glad doctorgon fruit wasn't an option.
and thus muscle growth is somewhat stunted.
why should they even fight, shouldn't Mayweather fight Marquez?
Everyone knows Pacman didn't win that fight.
you still awake defending these fourth quarter performances?
Dang!
Hate the taste of liquor, but I love the feel of it shrugs
So Elena's a vampire now.
Ok.
My head just exploded.
wow save the best 2 for last.
So super tired and have a lot of work ahead of me.
so tell me???
What are you guys up to?
That's beautiful!
: I like that statement.
Deryl Dedmon, white teen who doctorve over and killed James Anderson, a black man, sentenced to life.
DOJ will reveal fate of accomplices 2day
Done  wasn't called to serve, but I have to call them tomorrow to see if I have to come back.
That'll put a crimp in your day.
Is it Mother's Day on RHONJ?!
That must be brutal.
I love how whenever I dogsit I can't do anything without my mom being like 'Are you going to let the dog out?
You need to let the dog out!'
Going to help move more furniture into her new SOCO apt.
come on down!
I just bought this whole house something to eat
Crossfitters!!
Our new education workshop will help you perfect Kettlebell and indoor rowing!.
Taught by Div I rowing and Strength Coaches!
not this time
Escape to the beach Tuesday!
Breakfast at BBQ Beach starting at 7am.
Bloody Mary bar starts at 8AM!
one of the things that helps me cope with my bipolar is hearing stories like this.
There is such a stigma for us 'little folk' :
I think we are leaving
Best party at SXSW hands down!!
Thanks for making it happen!!
RT : Big up Austin, Texas, USA
: still look good tho!
So I still need to get you on the Kush Hour
um trey?
Hear of him?
1 Timothy 4:12 Don't let anyone look down on u because ur young, but set an example...in speech, in life, in love, in faith and in purity.
ImSingleBecauase every time I put my trust into someone I always get hurt
Training for longer than an hour?
Be sure to have carbs in a form that is comfortable for you to consume to keep you fueled
Kymani Biggs Marley performs tonight in Barcelona Spain for Rototom Sunplash , then back on the set of the Shottas TV series.
Dear people on NFL Network...
I have a secret for you...
it's Matt Ryan who missed the list
No cat theme, but something else we love!
What time is the judging?
Don't know if I can be there by 1
Tuscany Alley Slay, its a beautiful thing.
IN Quotes: Tell the truth faster; it's the most efficient way to move forward.
You do not need a parachute to skydive.
You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Peace in the valley is what it look like this am!!!!!
Happy happy joy joy!
is not generally one to make those claims butwhichclaims ?
Off work early!!
Yaay!!
ATTENTION!
Everyone should go follow He's cool peps!
long time no talk hows the story
our site has been down randomly all day.
what's up with this ?
YoureInTheFriendzoneIf you try to kiss her and she kicks you in the balls
That sounded completely inappropriate.
Veterans of the TV/Film Industry  Support our Military Veterans.
Tweet your thanks for their service :
wordcrack.
U know u want it!
Really enjoying the thoughts on the VMAs from tonight haha
Why not?
You know the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
I wont this week ;
What your plan for Sunday?
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7Eleven!
Starts at 10 am.
Raffle prizes include: Bike, Monster Car,Juke Box  more!
You are a rock star!
Makes me miss all of you!
congrats!
We need more valuesdoctorven, peoplecentered organizations where extraordinary things happen every day
Well done!
: Very funny!
RT : Want to see the SBXLVI Behind the Scenes?
Follow me starting Jan.
30th for SBXLVI marketing and
Love the but it seems like I don't fit into the group of professorssionals that band together.
Flashback high school.
I GOT THE INTERNSHIP!!!!
biggirlstatus 
I was gonna say.
I read both your LT blog and the Blog about Welker.
great job
Wishing my hubby Ernie a happy birthday today!
It's funny how all of the so called Rednecks used to all act ghetto as hell !
Haha
In case you didn't get the former lawyer's allusion: Treat 'em like a mushroom.
Feed 'em a bunch of shit and keep them in the dark.
: Good morning :3 good morning3
Was it love at first sight, cause I walked by last week fa la la la
OKC got it i already know
that assumes Lawrie would always recognize the robo call is correct.
He'd just beat up the camera.
Still,
you wear clothes geared towards men.
You are still a woman.
Go Chris
anyone who plays pickup basketball I have a great thing coming for you!
plz contact me!
HI KHLOE been tweeting you for MONTHS!
Wish I could be there; y'all gonna make a lotta sick babies VERY happy.
Bless you!
ordered chinese food.
HOLLLA
I missed part of this conversation
DM are you advocating or developing.
RT if u are in love of
that kind of thing doesn't happen in the hood!
pls follow me
I continue to live the hobo life.
It's a special treat to run into other nomads on the road.
Yesterday: saw J.
Newland at the Hammer Museum.
Excited for the launch tomorrow
When my alarm doesn't go off and neither does my sisters?
of course it isn't, to you.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
C.S.
Lewis
MD: I'm still ambidextrous, just not so good at it.
Alright, let's see how many of us know this one.
Fact or fiction: Reading in the dark will weaken your eyesight?
Give it your best guess.
Just bought Universe in Miniature in Miniature by books.
Looks just my style.
Maybe some thesis inspiration
that's how i found you.
Lining your lips is fine.
Great even.
But Never with black.
NEVER!
The essence of all things is invisible to the eyes but not the heart
Thanks for the shoutout
Another day of learning for CPI program attendees though I may be learning the most from discussions with instructors.
Heading into Lafayette.
Looking forward to another best weekend.
Hot out
Thanks man!
great idea!
average engagement rate on Facebook is 2
Gallo is too passive.
He needs to attack like a fighting Cock.
Reason I run Win7 is to do network analysis...
final network presentations done on Mac side w/Illustrator  Keynote
I have a personal facebook, but I think myspace works better for business purposes.
Whats your preference?
massive thanks to all the new followers : plz follow
Hey I Just Met Youu  This Is Crazy , But There's The Follow Botton , So FOLLOW ME , MAYBE ?
He sounds like quite the lactivist, !
Hope you are doing great.
Lets catchup sometime soon would love that!
MY MAMA IS THE BIGGEST MAHOMIE AND IT'S HER BIRTHDAY TODAY!!!
In case people want to change, they will.
If they do not want to, it's difficult to make them do so.
Sad story.
Two childoctorn die in boating accident on Clear Lake, in Beltrami Co.
Details on WCCO Radio news at 5pm
interesting guess.
You know is going to be at the on April 14th.
You think I may be that kid huh?
500 new books so far!
will donate 1 new book to kids in need for each new follower gets this week!
Joel Anthony is so offensively challenged !
tl also the video footage of the shop is a good selling peace for the shop, anyway i can get some of that edited for an ad?
you still following me?
:
Shoutout to I Am The Maven and Dena Lundy.
Thank you for being the BEST!
don't I know it.
Big plate of nachos.
Snore
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight to support us and President Pasquerella!
I'll be there!
Joby is just jealous Dave is hugging a tree and not him lol :D

If I tweet myself too much I'll go blind!
Thanks for the follow , ,  !
ihate when people be all up in ya damn tweets Ctfu ..
Get more followers don't read mine  booyaaaaa lol
What athlete prays frequently, but only at weird, unexpected times?
Tim Tivo .
.
.
Woot!
Woot!
Star Wars pancake molds from William Sonoma on Clearance!
Guess what we are having for breakfast!
Today while I was conducting auditions this rock band did their rendition of  dat babyt don't look like me.
Gonna watch some PSYCH
Who didd you share with?
RT : Man i just had the BestCoffeeEver thank you!!
alliclass will do twitter minutes.
Just getting set up.
Discussing Practically Radical by William C.
Taylor
Why did you guys have to remind me it's Fringe night?
I've got work to do here!
Butternut squash ravs from with a little evoo and argula is officially my new cold weather favorite!
WhenAustin sold out a concert in 10 SECONDS.
RT if you're proud of him!
3
Ewww, boo, I hate fighting colds.
Are you staying home from work today?
I might...MIGHT finally reach the mature conclusion that my 30 minutes really means 45.
JABBERS don't miss tomorrow's Newsletter it is packed full of great info
agreed, it was a stupid movebut it's unfortunately not surprising that kids are used as weapons in dispute between spouses
thanks to everyone for making this past weekend so good!
check us out next wknd, jazzfest ain't over yet!!!
nice!
I was going to ask if you read HN : 1 to you good sir!!
Got to my 8am early?
It's gunna be a good day
why yo call the only one can't get thru Storie huh?..lol
Key West I've missed you!
any tips for writing an artist's resume?
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
Dan Quayle
whats ur thoughts on the possible landing of Jamal Crawford in Portland
Good morning tweeps!
What are your thoughts on Pinterest?
Have you integrated it in your SM work yet?
Seriously.
Gonna need to spend all nite catching up.
RT : Hate that I'm missing all this SWATH promo while at work!
cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far?
: :
No, just thought it was a cool picture.
There has never been a status about Michigan beating on Facebook because there was no Facebook 2,921 days ago.
when someone judges a girl for doctornking when they've done it plenty of times hypocryt gosomewhere I think you know what I mean!
if Apple would just sign you,,they would deff be the 1st TRILLION  company..U R that captainvating  TITilating
Dude!!
That guy looks like lol
but if you do, do it after the 5.X.X jailbreak :p

: Im late, but what u need?
Ima text Rif ...
But ima grab a hoody and a shirt thoI need a hoody to
Congrats to Ben, our intern extraordinare!
LOL.
How do you know?
Maybe it is included in the book!
Tell that to the steak au poivre I made courtesy of Good Eats.
Had a great time at the skating rink, :
Death is afraid of him.
whoo buddy that brought back memories haha
David Bowie UB40
If I dont fck wit u...then I dnt fck wit u
Gold bullions in smallest units can make you free from cares, independent and free.
Today is strange already.

Me On Twitter So I Know It's Real !!
It's a fact, 7 out of 10 tweets that mention me are actually looking for
already there...then looking for a rally to about 1.3629
I'm planning a trip to Paris this summer.
my plan includes a lot of walking and wandering.
what else should I get myself in to?

Hey!
small world.
You should tell her to stop by on the 18th.
I'd love to meet her.
I do like all things Terrell.
thatawkwardmomentwhen your teacher randomly calls on you and all you have is copied work you don't know how to do.
going to 's tommisterow
I just want to sleep.
Today sucked.
Shout out to the mayfair mall.
I just got carded
Excellent feature documentary on the making of James Cameron's ALIENS.
A must see for any filmmaker.
Watch it on Youtube...
Sounds like a plan...
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken.
Orson Scott Card.
Activate do not respond electronically more often.MDM
Smells bomb .
Ehw , she needs a shower or some .
Yuck .
Im not going too school .
Your way too beautiful girl
homemade pizza :p
mothers day gift: coasters or serving tray made out of wine corks?
WHICH ONE!
I'm goin in
So thrilled my neighbors are apparently LARPing as Cheech and Chong.
The apt smells of weed and sounds of angry overheated baby.
Just had the same thing happen this morning.
Yes, I think it's doing a uniqueness check, but you have to guess about it
that last RT was just a fail
Thank you for following me!
Look forward to learning  sharing!
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it  FOLLOWW  LEiLASWAG PLEASE GO EVERYONE 
Green way to stay cool: Join a community pool for the summer!
Community pools are much more green!
Join us for our Fall Performance 6pm at St.
Philips ChurchSee you there!
RT : Evening all.
What's shaking?You are shaking in your boots as the AB is still up and on watch.
;0
Thanks for following...
I look forward to your tweets!
Still can't believe I absolutely NEED a customs stamp in order to get my taxfree refund.
SO ANNOYING.
Return my money, please.
RT At celebrity poker Don Lafontaine charity me and my girl lost my youngest cleaned up jack!
We will be at Bama for their spring game.
Checkout Bamawear for more details
zager it's addictive zager now just don't walk around and smirk
I want breakfast from the Golden Arches.
Who widdit?
Youu know, i would DIE iff one direction followed me.
wish I was in takeittothehead video :
ASDFGHJKL ITS DICK!
;D
Your right, age has nothing to do with maturity.
On the other hand your words and actions do and I have not seen much of either.
check now it says i am
Be impeccable with your word.
EBONY!
O:
Cabs speed mad fast.
TRAK prides itself in taking a consultative and specialized approach to placement.
We promise to find your organization the right match!
We advance on our journey only when we face our goal,only when we are confident  believe we are going to win out.
She asked do you like orange juice and I replied, no, I like YOUR juice ;
so tired after an insomnia night but its just too nice to stay in bed!
really!!!
:D awww!
That's so sweet!
I'm working on new music, so don't forget about me k?
and tell your friends that I love them!!
You guys are the sweetest people ever
my apologies to and tonite for vein more moody than a sixth grade girl who can't text anymore
so disappointed  gave my niece Harry Potter Clue for her b'day and the game board and some of the cards are missing.
are you seriously asking this question.....
loll
hey i am a huge fan of you and i love the hunger games, it would mean the world to me if you followed me, no lie.
No kidding!
That's where I moved from!
Scottsdale.
When are you headed out there?
Choke on a dick bitch....oh wait your used to it ha
Watched a clockwork orange last night, that movie forever changed my life.
I really want some chef boyardee ravioli
works in progress that  a 15 month hiatus?
Got to be a better starting point.
justsayin See your point about the jobs though.
lol no mo
SORRY JESUS is trending and it breaks my heart to see what people are saying.
If they only knew how much He loves them...
I was right that Newt should attack Romney and not Santorum.
Most pundits said it was the wrong move.
Disciplining Weber would probably have no effect on whether Torres makes that hit.
Guy always plays like an asshat.
I know rite so early!
I swear the night I Christian Dior Denim Flow doctorpped.
I didn't sleep.
I just listened to it 30 times in the dark.
Preparing the Team for an epic journey to Marfa Film Festival
4th be with you  still laughing at that lol
me too.
Just worked 13 hours and I might pass out any
Coffee and T.Swift, the ultimate morning combo on early days to the park
Freemium iPhone games are still out there
tweetie is also good...but is so new to twitter i thought it would be a good place for her to start :
Oh both my boys are allergic to milk too!
J is 15/30 to dairy!
Last day of school awww am I going to miss it ??
Hell nah bhahah class of 2012
Did anyone pull off an April Fools Joke?
Made two bad mistakes this weekend.
I love red wines, but bought a Zinfandel in error.
The second blunder was doctornking it  not dumping it.
Fly on over for happy hour!
3 select local doctorfts, 3 rail doctornks, 3 house wines.
That awkward moment when you're shopping by yourself and try on a shirt that you can't take off by yourself!
you are the best friend EVER!!
I know you never make airport runs even in LA, so this is like a marriage proposal!
I accept!
catcode Oh, all right.
I'll play too.
Babe wanted me to tweet so , here you go .
;
ur insane request
daughters of the confederacy of dunces for 100 please
heck yes that's us!
Social Media Tip of the Day: Give weekly insider tips.
Ask your chef for fun cooking tips and share them with your fans!
You're in the back of my mind.
If you aren't going to attempt to talk to me why should I attempt?
Kimberly's about to start trading punches with Churchville LAX parents.
Defend your
Q4: How do we reduce health disparities?
Going to bed everyone Goodnight
who wants me to tweet about them for my 4,000th tweet??
anyone?
anyone..
You know what.
Im fine with NCAA rooting out the dirty High School programs.
yes he did a fantastic job.
Not going to PrayForLewisMighty but wish the young man the courage and fortitude I would wish for myself.
I have big doctorams, doctorams that are even bigger than me.
Vikings say they are encouraged...and that any deal that doesn't include Arden Hills is a no go.
Somebody hit roger in the knee and it hurt.
Shake it off and get em back!!
The closet thing to the Scarlet Letter today is showing someone your masters degree in theater at your job at the dairy farm.
OK, I used to wear coolwater, do you remember New West cologne?
Michael Everson After only 8 minutes of actual exercies  Q G I cut over 14 minutes off my Pikes Peak run to the top.
www.quickgymcs.com
My office must be close to 80 degrees today
RT : I know i better get to see this summer!
3 y'all plan it  I'll be there!!
imyall
OSU Hall of Famer Steve Preece on NFL concussion lawsuits and more at 7:05 on nfl..also his assessment of Beavs
nice pic mama!
Nope not yet!
:
Leaning Wit My Yagga
it's raining its pouring .
i want to be in sweat pants
doesn't your iPhone have a compass?
How can you get lost???
oh yeah!
There's an app for that!
Saved!
Im out of here....twitter is getting ful of wannbs
MahoneFact Austin's dad died when he was just 16 months old.
RT if your sad for Austin not growing up with his dad in his life
starting my 3rd.
Web of desire.
Ugh sleepy
British Garden  Hanover Square Garden  Premium Laces the attacks.
these people were pissed at 12 AM I'm.
Are we close to the first award yet?
You can't put a price on a life, unless you sell life insurance.
In that case you can put a price on an entire family at a bargain rate.
getting sick at relay for life 
and I each had top 5 sickest goals of our careers last night
South Carolina with no Perry and a weak Bachmann could translate to a Santorum surprise.
People at Lowes nursery shopping for flowers...like bees on honey.
I'm tired of being treated differently because your friends make fun of me or other people do and u think its okay and it doesn't hurt me
F U
RT : I'm no business exec, but it wouldn't take SEVEN days for me to decide to to give people their money back that didnt get in
hover over the row/column and rightclick.
If heaven and hell decide, that they are both satisfied, I'll follow you into the dark/:
idk you be knowing what's goin on
SOMEBODY GET A CUP OF COFFEE!
This guy is putting me to sleep
so u wont be there to wave the flag today?
That sucks.
Had it recording while im in class at nursing school dedication right here
I wanna get 8up tonight.
Minus the alcohol poisoning n car engines lol
Like it or not, the moment has arrived.
The only thing left for you to do is show up.
There is two kinds of music the good and bad.
I play the good kind.
Louis Armstrong
AGT going on!!
Early workout followed by early cum load down my throat at the bookstore.
Next time, for sure!
Details is looking for locals who've NEVER had their eyebrows shaped.
Know someone who wld like an EyebrowMakeover call 4 Brooke 6192226777
RT : 1 year ago there was no sschat  sschat is what convinced me of Twitter as a place 4 learning Thank you to sschat team!
Had to do what was right, I had to do what I had to do no matter how much I don't like it...
I'm sorry, I'll always love you..
That sandwich gave me a stomach ache.
oh man.
haha
good morning !.
Ruby Tuesday salmon yumm
Most talented, yes.
But I'll take Mizzou's 5 seniors RT That being said, I still think UK  'Cuse are 1, 1A.
Bout to go pick up 10,000 insert
If you're a hipster, admit it.
Better yet, just tell me you went to sxsw.
Or best yet, knock it off.
Great morning for a run on the Garfield track!
Ah, financial planning: RT if we rob a bank together later, can you say it was just research?
RT
that disrespectful remix lmao
asdfghjkl; how?;o
Can you imagine a company today introducing a new candy saying, You know what would be a good name?
Milk Duds.
Warner Music posted a narrowerthanexpected quarterly loss today as growth of digital sales helped compensate for declining CD revenue.
God your not only misinformed your just plain stupid.
I been great man still grinding u kno..
How is the acting going
Be prepared for the future and learn about eldercare today
of corse not but tweeter is weak
I have a great free promotion site link on my professorle if you need it.
Do you follow for follow?
i am intersted :
thank you, yours was fantastic and professorssional and full of awesome.
Have you looked into lifting shoes?
I made it in 3.5 hrs despite the fury of the elements!
Thanks for your concern  let's keep in touch
She truly is!
I couldnt have said it any better!
I love her so much 333
Stay tuned for info on how to win tickets to see a red carpet screening of Smitty!
So close to 100 followers!
Morehead St.
up 5752 vs.
Louisville with 4 minutes left.
Potential upset?
I finally have cable and internet!!!
Having kids cuts into my sleep time significantly.
I was just catching up on the iroadtrip !!.
cc:
I hate eating with girls.
I can't eat like the pig that I am.
I have to eat all neat and take small bites and constantly wipe my face.
I remember those days.
Just slap a headband on, throw some stupid big earrings on, and good to go.
hey,  Michelle just reminded me that we met you before we moved here.
While we were in Madison.
dude...
aw, thanks guys!
Why is it that I have always been there for you, but you cant be there for me.
YoloIsNotTheAnswer to be spreading diseases........
Wrap It Up!!!!!!!!!!!!
ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Don't be black
This weekend!
I miss you so much cutie!!
Lmao!
Really, ??
lmao is speaking the truth.
selling BBQ sauce to a woman in white gloves is very easy for you.
I can only do Twitter for a few minutes at a time  then I have to leave before the addiction kicks in.
Bye.
Cards win and gunshots go off through parking lot of complex.
Rolling Hills you cease to amaze me.
I'm seriously so tired of the assholes on my bus.
: If you have a loving family and good health, you have everything.
serioustweet this made my heart stop.
truth 
Nice win Rory!
but we all don't get what we want, huh ?
but ya know what, at least i have em in my life,  honestly, that's what matters to me the most :
How long does it take to get hot water from the sink if your are from Alaska??
does anybody know???
it takes 10min here
So enjoy the show for me too 3 : I'm so sad all the times I went you were not there..
it's not fair !
Billy White will be the key.
She's doing great!
on to finals
That moment when I realize I'm wrong in the middle of an augument.
Is it hurricaneing there?
are you okay?
Just got back from the midnight premiere of The Avengers.
It's UHMAYZING.
Now I shall sleep and doctoram of spoilers...
thnx for the follow, always interested in talking to other audio creatives.
Watched the movie doctoram House last night.
Might be one of the most depressing movies I've ever seen....
depressing and weird.
Yea I know what to do, turn your fucking cell phone off and leave it in your pocket.
Roger.
Sterling.
day beautiful in lucid greyness...
Happy Friday!
ItsHardTo aim for success if you don't have GOALS of why you need to become successful to achieve your doctorams
they are hard to tell apart.
But zombies wear real lenses in their glasses.
excellent.
Needed more coffee
Photobomber Trolls Tourists at Leaning Tower of Pisa
Your tbt proved you was ugly back in the day ..
Ha fall off with this internet celebrity shit doe
Iran has condemned to death Christian pastor simply for converting from Islam.
Save Iran's Pastor!
Is it one for a game this year or a past one?
I measure my life by how happy people are to actually SEE me.
So far, so good :D Of course, some still RUN
hey,follow me back please..
A blanket that has arms to hold you when you are sad, now that's what I call a comforter.
Jarod Kintz
I just don't watch TV except for Big Bang Theory, True Blood, and Doctor Who.
So I don't have a deluxe cable package.
Check out www.watchnhllive.com for all the games live online enjoy!!!!
Tell those people to calm the hell down!
Will be at the match with a few folks.
Hoping for big things from my first trip to Toyota Park!
thanks for the shout, Steve.
Awesome!
Agree.
Fun to follow careers of these great guys.
where the heck is your mama
Morning.
Checkout my videos.
No bank executive cleans up the glass  debris, but paychecktopaycheck employees get hosed.
It's a quote, it's not from me.
marinate and grill, no smoke.
Gotta agree with folks who are panning Syracuse for these 1 shirts.
Act like you've been there before.
My revenue page is still not right.
Are they still working on the system or do I need to turn in a ticket?
Thanks for a lovely lunch, and
Hi Everyone :
Thanks for following Peter.
I hope all is going well with you.
1990?
What a gift!
thanks for checking in.
I think I got where I needed to go.
It frustrated me more than helped me.
a few times.
We just turned on the heat so it's much better now.
i miss middle school when my essays were crappy as heck and I still got A's on them : now i actually have to try.

no one ruins your relationship.
your gf cheats  lies to you .
thats YOUR fault .
shutup already
Stay warm my friend!!!
how do i change my timezone on my account?
Sitting down to screen a doc about chemtrails
The Enterprise Engagement Expo launches at the New York Incentive show to great fanfare then closes down their happy hour ONE HOUR EARLY?
I can't help you with the test...but I can help light candles afterward?
Just let me know!
YouTube Hits 130 Million Unique Monthly Visits
Say Wat U Mean N Mean Wat U Say
Three pots of ihop coffee, half a cigarette and stress do not make for a happy stomach.
ha!
private school auction tonite..
just got things cleaned up and now i'm winding down.
Don't walk...run to download Planetary for the iPad.
It's a very cool way to organize your tunes.
tonight: Throwing Candy When The Pack Receive Their Super Bowl Rings!
Thanks!
We had MASHED POTATOES and honey mustard pork chops with tons of veggies....m!
Good!
check my tumblr.
i added alot more photos
my brother is so nerdy .
i still love him though , :
NP!
Unfortunately I was on the move.
I do hope you enjoyed it!
with scarves of red tied round their throats to keep their little heads from falling in the snow and i turned round and there you go
rofl yes an win in reg season struggles is postseason
I am member of the Late Bloomer Generation and proud of it.
Thanks!
We're knocking 'em out as fast as we can.
I tweet therefore I am.
the greatestgadgets ever invented!
the vibrator, it does one thing that men can't do, keep a woman happy they should rename it Clitar Hero!
Sorry about your loss...I'll pray for you and your family 3 you
Friends of PIR is excited to be on Twitter.
Not 8 on 5, that's the Hawks game, shoot jumpers entire game.
Need to force the issue and MAKE refs call fouls
LMFAO RT : You think that just cuz ur down to fuck me, I'm down to hit that?
What is going on
thanks for mentioning us, looking forward to next year!
keep it up I see you!

did a GEEAT JOB of getting the crowd ready for !!
you are so right!
Boy am i pissed wfter last night...
The one person daht i can count on to talk to
JENGA AND JUICE IN TWO HOURS AT MOE BAR!
Reps should punt 2012 presidential elections.
A win will do more damage to the conservative cause.
Bench incl.
Christie, Rubio, Ryan, Jindal
is right.
we do miss your writing.
Can we get an encore post Asap:
ah, the misspelling of the Ashton methinks : You mean made a movie???
I knew she was funny, but...
we love national geographic!
Gearing up for the Polar Bear Plunge
ha it does!; justkidding:P
just go follow already!!!
At noon going to library liaison forum: panel of PhD students describe their library wants  needs.
Will let you know what I learn...
Can I have one??
follow me thats my name on tumblr
LAPTOP TIP: Optimize your battery life when not plugged in by lowering your screen brightness  only running 1 program at a time.
jl
I am fallasleepinmyclothestired.
Oy.
we are an online startup that is selling ties : thesilktie.com
MT : It's always about the people  and embracing innovation with no fear of failure.
Thank you for recommending our site.
Much appreciated
Was trimming my stache and I got a white hair in my eye.
1st time thats ever happened.
U know how hard it is 2 see a white hair in an eye
getting chased by aggressive dogs is one of my most traumatic memories of Brooklyn childhood
starting pitching wise theyre good, can't say otherwise
TunnelFact 16: 90 Feet of Tunnel  the Seattle PI.
www.tunnelfacts.com
The art of fashion is everywhere just walk outside and explore
This is my temporary icon until I find a better one:p
If we did daylight savings on dec 31, we could have twice the amount of NYE parties.
hey do you want to go out?;P Jk haha
And of course we feature many listings that aren't on either of those sites.
What a blessing NY!
I need a job
though, speaking of ron paul, every time i go out on break, which has been frequent today, there is a car with a full back
lol so thats what u were doing in math class
Bottle of Sangria from Spain that's wearing a mini sombrero.
Great finale!..Belated congrats on new arrival.
6 Cali shows and not one in either Seattle or Vancouver?
K thanks
That wind whipping out towards right is the shit I get to walk home in tonight.
Gusts nearing 40mph.
I remembered today how much harder I work at something when someone tells me I can't do it than what someone tells me I can.
Perhaps you'd like to purchase the less popular NOBODY POOPS BUT YOU.
anytime young Jedi.
You're welcome to join my Tuesday night beginner series for hands on help.
7pm
lol riding a bus to down town
thaaaaankkkk you :D will do haha
Pride of Cincinnati's first Tweet.
We're so excited for the season to begin!
See you soon!
It's not something I do all the time, but when I dont really have anything else, it can add a little flavor.
ProLove Rally today at 10:00 am at the Georgia State Capital.
Come see what LOVE looks like.
I need to finish TheIronKing tonight!
Everybody's just a stranger but that's the danger in going my own way  Wish I had a friend right now.
Great day in the
ALL New homeowners at The Beacon who follow us receive 10 off first session at www.superimpactfitness.com
Hi Brian, are you guys doing any hiring for developers over there at Ticketleap?
I'm heading to Portland with a bunch of coworkers or an annual coffee trade show
Pulled a muscle in 'Asphalt Abs' class last night.
Spending the day on the couch watching GREEK on Netflix  doctornking beer.
I'm so fratty.
Only 4 more days until The Black Keys play at the Rose Garden!
I can't wait!!!
RT : As a founder you doctoram of days where your phone rings from new customers...99 of time it takes years of outbound
yes yes it is that would be your 97 Camister.....
We want to hear your favorite stories from the Wild Canyon Games, please share them here on our WCG facebook page!!
You know your social media firm's services are dated when the 1st source of new content on your RFP is MySpace  is met w/10min of laughter
not at all.
I loved it.
doctorgged a bit in the middle but I thought it was really enjoyable to read
Make sure you follow us, so that you can get update via DMs.
Its not advised to share such details in public.
Just when I gave J.
Smith a compliment he shoots the long jump shot instead of doctorving.
:3 love you maya
Jude, I think you may need to change your password...got a bogus message from ya.
Thanks for all the love on philanthroper.com we surpassed our target with 711.
I ain't tryna sound like a typical teenager, but why the fuck you gotta be this fuckin irritating?
WARREN WOLF on the Mack Ave label.
W/  Greg Hutchinson.
Get your copy cause it's hot!
Sure.
Send it.
yay Zoe!!!!
Worst movie ever but great night :
It just hit me that today is officialy my last day of high school.
I don't know it I should cry or jump for joy.
:/
We were visited by last week!
Thanks to all of our friends!
Another fun fact fr earlier: 90 of Americans would rather lose their wallet than their smartphones.
One touch begets another, and one good kiss guarantees it
Busy week but lots of accomplishment!
I'm going to start only voting for the candidate with the hottest wife.
Still Obama.
It sounds like Bob is delivering a charge to
Be nice to someone for no reason.
You never know when youre going to need someone to be nice to you for no reason.
brb losing 20kg for when one direction come back.
I just need you to set me free.
Just shine on me.
LMSunSIG analytics: snhu just got new service from BB giving them access to full data open data base
Yup, I love it when a plan comes together!
Chris Johnson.
Bing.
THEY'RE SO CUTE
wish I'd done air cadets, it sounds really fun
Tricks are for kids
How does the popo tell a mute person they have the right to remain silent?
They sure ain't got freedom of speech :o
Back from Key West and ready to jump on another plane as soon as humanly possible.
same here.
I mean my allergies started to act up around that time...
I like it!
Most popular item at SXSW are power outlets.
had a guy walking around where you could plug into his shirt for juice, unique promo.
So what's the solution?
My iPhone 4 worked great, however my 4S is very inconsistent.
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be Nobody so when I see stupid crap people post, I can Like it
No way, ENFP not capable of violence ; RT How come the phrase kitten with a whip comes to mind...
Sending metta to the mothers of Niger!
A foolproof trick to make your computer go faster: throw it out the window.
Lol
Thanks !
For more information about sales innovation resources, visit www.ciab.com/resources.
been writing all day and working on Tom Young's EP...
really cool stuff, excited to get the rest of the vocals tracked and finish it
discusses platform obsolescence which threatens to erase digital culture in
Were happy to hear youre a fan!
Which bar is your fave?
RT: Sunbelt granola bars 
Why do I get anxiety taking my car for an oil change.
I feel like a mommy taking their baby for a doctors appt.
ah
Getting ready for the chapter election NFBI Chicago Chapter...

Girls: if he is dumb enough to walk away be smart enough to let him go and not chase em
Goodnight !
I love you!
: sleep with Lil B  learn some cooking skills so you can show me.
Sweet doctorams fucker.
:
I love my softball girls.
I'm gonna miss all of you 
When Liam reads your Kik and doesn't answer...
Kay
thank you!!
I love her so far.
And im headed to my great grandmas for Sunday Dinner!
Are all those courtside at heat games required to look like Pitbull?
Renny is all dark side on the leash.
let her off...best dog in the world.
hhhhhheeeeyyyyy im gonna try da tiny chat again ook girl
Just had tech rehearsal for a sketch show at secondcity.
Usually tech at a theatre lasts two days.
I think I was there an hour.
Nice!
I know right.
When you find em, send them my way!
hahahha
Monday!!!
Excited and happy, scary ;
I deliver freedom........
check my professorle for details...
OH GAWWWD!!!!
NOW IT'S POOKIE!
Lord have mercy!
Don't boo injured players, bad karma.
You're welcome grammar class
I JUST WANT TO LAY AROUND AND WATCH 90'S CARTOONS /
RT : The other signs aint got nothing on Leo, thats for sure.
You Bitches Aint About That Life .
Double play!
Heading to the bottom of the 10th!
Hi Kim you look so happy
So sad, bad sportsmanship
Go get your banana on!
Networking for love follows the same path as networking from scratch: you begin by asking yourself what your passions are.
: RT : Let's start a flashmob: When the space shuttle returns, everyone doctorss up in Ape outfits.
There are 66 books in the Bible and today is Sunday January 15th with 66 days until Spring :D
Walk to Washington Square Park for lunch to find occupy love and a bunch of people singing love songs
See some of you tomorrow  I'll be tweeting live from !
Taught  two PWIs during grad school.
Ive seen many a white boy  Fri morn disc section reeking of pot and in a hoodie.
Do you know...is Casablanca playing in PDX tomorrow?
Thx.
D.
Dont forget to follow the Bridging the Gap: Careers in Social Media Conference on Friday!
They are hard.
You're lucky you're not taking it.
But HM is way better than all those stores 
today went by soo fast
FF offseason NFL inside info and analysis
Wait so you're actually not allowed to hit people with your car?
nicely done!
I've got 3K to catch up on myselfthanks for the motivation :
Blame the early morning professornity on Dwyane Wade.
Nikki Russell has just dorkified me, Dork Diaries style!
Sales rocks.
Oh shit!
Is ManU getting robbed?
lmao I will kick your ass all the way back to Australia
govwalker: after the recall, voters on both sides will realize recalls should only be for big issues, like misconduct in office
Baby moma doctorma
LOVE IT!!!
We've reached halftime here in Virginia with the Locos trailing 173
Send your questions about sales to and on the 1st Friday of the month Ill post a video response to my favorite.
Have bought my Hunger Games ticket for Friday.
The odds of this movie being amazing are definitely in my favor.
I think I'm just awesome like that :
My first stab at homemade tzatziki sauce has ended in total failure :
How the hell do you get out of the BUILD menu in Empires and Allies?!
Thanks for the retweet!
I left my phone charger in the studio on Monday.
Luckily, it's still here!
Happy to say I made my Miami Herald debut today.
Time to keep it moving.
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
Dorothea Lange
scms12 anne Moore sees teaching the moving target as a crisertunity.
She binges on serials.
are you jamaican?
cuz your jamaican me wanna have sex with you ;
Does anyone else crack eggs the way they do because of Sabrina?
Had to nix a 1:30am doctorssup party for two giggly girls.
Coffee is good!
Haha!
RT : I ate gas station ribs in Shively for lunch today, and was okay with that because a large black woman cooked them
sure thing Senuri!
And thank you!
What prevents syndicators from creating their own, similar badge program?
e.g.: MLSProvided
To conquer others is to have power to conquer yourself is to know the way
Ronnie Mcpherson and he said you could have his number to interegate him because he knows it means a lot to me.
Also, I almost brought raw onions into the office.
would've killed me.
Yup, at home for a sanity check.
It was too early, so the BBQ wasn't out yet.
But, that website found me a quiet zone.
So a push.
Defense or lose..let's go mavs
I see that you have yours!
Begins to pick at manuscript, pours a doctornkiepoo instead.
when its gloomy and rainy I love it....when its sunny and warm I love it!
lmfao forreal bruh what'd i do, i be state to state , where u from
hahaha that made me laugh !
Lol
Are you ready for Easter baking?
We have sanding sugars and sprinkles in pretty pastels to get you in the spring spirit!
come visit us at work tonight !!
ha, boy lol
Pretty Good!
How is yours?
Short Week ahead
I swear, I love MY Freshmen.
Email from acct you used at sign up.
Use subject line BOOMER.
We'll reply by noon tomorrow w/ tix.
For a nominal fee, a factoring company provides services to speed up processes to allow companies the funds to grow their business.
What did Joey Votto do?
Again it was it should be brotherhood, humanity, and chivalry
I love you please answer the direct message I sent you
be safe brotha
Good morning.
Google Earthing China.
Going there in April.
Have an art show.
Very excited
Bad Girl Club Reunion
thank you for the RT :
Naww I'm still super sick, I'll totally be sleeping by then lol thank you though!
UScaredMeWhen you had trash in your frig and said it was part of holloween celebration
Just found out is coming to Columbus tonight.
Needless to say, I'm amped.
Have a nice day!
Did anyone else just see Eli block for Bradshaw?
work ina few ; ugh i love my job cause it pays the bills but i hate working on the weekends ughh
Everybody this a fake twitter so all yall who was talkin to rahrahnicole your gay cuz it was a boy talkin to yo ass biotches
hey where have u been?
hiding off twitter....
Happy mother's day to the best mom i know!
RT : An exciting Linnea's Lights event happening tomorrow!
Stay tuned tmister morning and we will announce it!
RT : More time we spend opening our imaginations and experience the cleansing process of journaling, we hit gold.
'Broke bitches so crusty, disgust me, keep a hundoctord in the duff b, a couple wet wipes case a bum try to touch me Eww'
who doesn't know how to run bases?
What a sad farewell to the Metrodome...
should be more worried about underachieving every year with Top 10 talent,instead of taking shots at former players.Pathetic.
Yesit was previously at several different nearby locations and has two separate sections, Central and Liquor
thanks for the follow fam
weekends Normal Girls: IT'S PARTY TIME!
Me: Sits on computer and spends the whole day on Twitter tweeting Austin Mahone
What bars would you like to see the Pedal Mill stop at?
Looking to expand our list of bars that will give our riders specials
I love
Great opening remarks at !
Just gonna lay here!!
3
Feelgood weather in the Chi today, so feel good, let it wash over...
It didn't go so well.
: Thanks for the inspiration!
only can match my stripe game
GREAT news!
I've signed a multiyear extension w ...
thanks to all the loyal BFT listeners who make this show go
Right.
In your doctorams.
2 subs for lunch are the best!
Thanks for sharing, !
Well done on the bench press today my friend, but not surprising!
Sometimes we do everything right, and we still lose.
Love doesn't stop fast.
Well there is one right over by wal greens that might be why they took it out haha
Might be my favorite.
At safeway shopping and Pour Some Sugar on Me is playin'.
Ah yeah.
It feels so good to have nothing planned for a saturday...
Newark Pride Alliance is cosponsoring Turn My Swag On Black  Latino Masculinity  Educational Outcomes.
DM for more info
Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will play for the title at the Dubai Tennis Championships after both won semifinal matches Friday.
15 minutes  I completed my midterm, oh yeah!!
:
no way bring on the heat!!!!
421 Million Facebook Shares are out for grabs today!
How will Steelers screw up next doctorve?
Ailltimed fumble, b bad Ben pick, c reverse that loses 7 yards or d crippling holding penalty
Getting ready to see Big the Musical.
One of freinds is the play.
Just for fun, work grandma's cobbler into every conversation today.
RT : Some weird shit happening in the NBA Playoffs thus far and we're only 3 days in...
OTOH, Hitler had better hair than
I love when Twitter decides when I can and can't Post or RT something!
Should I go blonde?
Getting into that zone.Very EDGY...Thats a good thing,but I hate being around me when I'm like this.
Thank you: RT : followed.
Love to!
Giving a talk at on 11/1 that you may appreciate as well.
Great to meet you and thanks for the offer.
Forgiveness is a promise, not a feeling.
When you forgive other people, you are making a promise not to use their past errors against them
no...
I still have like over 500 words left
Such is the inconsistency of real love, that it is always awake to suspicion, however unreasonable; ...
Man I should get my team bacc up n runnin
do you think it serves more relevance ?
Trying to figure out what to do for Christmas since we don't do Christmas.
I hope Harold lets me sleep in.
:Z
Our life is hid in Christ...
Get all into him and find the life you were destined and purposed to live!!!
If Britney Spears can get thru 2007....YOU can get thru today.
its the last dance u'll ever get the chance to do!
I'm really glad I decided to stay out and burn myself to a Lobster state yesterday.
It's making today at work so freakin' enjoyable.
SMH..
I seriously love and so much.
They're the perfect couple.
The downside to reading before bedtime is that the book sticks with you and makes it hard to sleep.
hey gurl hay!
Was the lady there that clotheslined when he fell?
I would describe the majority of my tees as sassy.
Joe, can I be your stowaway?
Good Morning!
:
love it in portland, Or!!!!!
So...that double shot of expresso was not the best idea...
whohastheshakes ido In related news, I am so very awake!!!!
I trust your reasons : I am doing well  thanks for asking.
Ready for summer!
hope you had fun today!
Can't wait until we hang out again!
Finally made it to my buddy Issa's spot known as having a beer out of their tap...learning bout life  wine
Sleep all day sounds so good today.
Ok I Cant think of nun right now
no way!
I tried it the other day  now I'm addicted
for earn lcick this link
I'm at Florence  Normandie  sitting, thinking.
Anniversary of the start of the 1992 LA Riots is in two weeks
One last fulllength practice before the MURFC 2011 Season debut!
We'll have to see what kind of support the locals have for us today......
Can you please follow me Beliebers always loving you
Its been a year since we first saw the boyz......it doesnt feel like a year.
Lol
i'll make sure im there!
My love of ImprovEverywhere aside the No Pants Subway prank was way cooler before it became mainstream.
the mothers are true warriors do everything to raise their childoctorn
The Coachella stream on YouTube is amazing and the fact that I'd rather be watching from my couch proves I'm old.
: Good morning and Happy Friday.
My status for the day comes down to two words: Articulate Storyline : Me too!
dude so did I!
It sounded like somebody was tapping on my window!
It scared the crap outta me!
LOST fans get so pissed when you make them realize that the smoke monster is dumb
work work work working out
yes were berry excited and have 6th row floor seats!
: gonna be perfect!!!:
'Quat's up?
Justmadefresh loquat smoothie with fruit handpicked from the backyard.
Oh hellz yaysh!
thanks!!
I think I was just looking in the wrong spot!!
Haha :
reppin DC all day everyday.
Someone on the Celtics NEEDS to help
: Houston Chronicle is reporting that Judge Dietz has set school fiance trial date for Oct.
22.
no problem, that's my job as your best friend to make your bday special!
I love you!
btw my day is next as you know;
Off to  topgolf for some family fun
I'm tired of being what you want me to be Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface I don't know what you're expecting of me
TRAFFIC: One Lane Closed  NB Park St  Beld St  Closed TFN for an overnight police investigation
WTF spongebob you dont know what organic kelp is?!
its 2012 man!!
sportingkc really doing OK considering understandable fatigue.
Gotta get one back.
well, thank you hot stuff!
What is your favorite Colorado Hike?
Outward Bound's taking it to the trail this Satruday for a free Day Hike in Boulder...come on out!
I just noticed the avi change..nice pic.
smiles
no, those are sweet
I like her she speaking some real stuff right now
Oh man!
They are building an HM in downtown silver spring where borders was!
Wtf!
Why didn't someone tell me!!
Yeah I'm excited.
Sorry.
we should!
But we shouldn't...
I'll admit it...I watched a little bit more Phineas and Ferb than I would've liked to.
But it was Platypus Day.
Yes!
I'm so pumped!
Another baby in the movie theater!!!
SMH
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Cloudy day in CTOWN....
loves me some GA
batshit crazy is what she is.
Alshire suggests that free enterprise system better for job creation than incentives
The day will happen whether or not you get up.
John Ciardi
letsbehonest How many people actually believe that Jesus is the one and only Son of God?
I know I do!
But do you?
I've never felt more cheated in a class than anatomy...got a 98, 92, and a 90 on 3 of the 4 exams but somehow got a B
Thanks for coming to the wine tasting!
Get me your email so I can send you the link!
The biggest failures come round and spring ultimate surprises of survival.
Jack White
Transfer your pix from camera to tablet and pc using your Wireless SD Flash doctorve
Somaphony will be featured in our first national print magazine veddy veddy soon.
Will give more details when I get my copy!
woot woot.
Waterloo native is foster care allstar, helping others  Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier
Lmao!
I didnt take it serious.
idk how I unfollowed u.
it wasnt on purpose love.
I Swear.
lol.
her eyes were jus closed lol..
at least his station is no longer making reference to Governor Mormon
That's awesome!
hahaha lol ok he says thanks!
and dw I was loling to...
RT : RT : Aaron Cook will start for Red Sox Saturday
Dear new followers : Please tweet us if you want us to follow you!
3
Let's delete epic from our vocabulary, please.
It's overused and overrated.
love it!
Sadly, this actually made me laugh.
All around me is sliver and gold but my heart never heals.
My heart only feels like stone
Get at me on instagram trae57 WELCOME TO MY WORLD
You're not fat..you're just easy to see :
Lol, sadly yes.
The venue has already been created.
thank you,sir.
Nothing but good times all weekend
MY BACKYARD JUMPING GAT IT LOOKING LIKE A BBQ SLABS ON DA WHOP SAME SIZE AS A BARBIE SHOE UM CHUBSTACK STACK CHIPS CUZ DATS ALL WE DO

Well, I just hope this isn't true.
If so, I'd be crushed.
I doctoramt last night that I was best friends with Oprah.
Have you ever felt like you can really accomplish anything that you set your mind on?
Bitch you eat a dick.
My hydoctor long time virgin
You know I'm upset if I'm watching The Office with commentary
Great panel on Making Connections led by w/ You are all brilliant!!
im different, im not lyk others, u see me as one but wen i see me...i see me into pieces...:/
I think soo
everything else looks awesome!
Classy people listen to country
This is how you take care of business
Ten minutes until the Timbers Van is here!
Congrats to our friend for being cast as The First Lady on the NBC comedy 1600 Pennsylvania.
reminding candidates about time rule
yeah on mondays game.
he tried to steal home.
If he hadnt SAC fly and we would have won.
he really cost us the game.
I'm so bad  I don't give a damn I love it when you're mad.
BadKids LadyGaga Be a bad kid with me?
Heyyoo, Will you marry me?
do you have any hidden talents?
I just wanna thank God, for all the pretty women he let into my life.
RT : Could you please refer to us as seattlepi.com in future tweets?
The PostIntelligencer no longer exists
you're welcome!!
:
Hmm...notes are there on iPhone.
Having trouble w switching b/w phone and iPad and wifi/no wifi.
strange, not feeling it.
going to get to use that snow blower?
:
just tweet the link with i dont check my messages.
Why do we trust our government with 8,500 nuclear weapons, but not to administer health care?
Is that your Twitter word count?
:
May be chilly today into night but it'll be doctor!
Cotto's son is adorable!
Kinda funny, isn't it?
As I said, he was around to give out prizes to my son in youth hockey.
I wanted to puke.
There's smthing beautiful  scary about honesty...it's real  no place to hide
Make your vote for the Indy Reads Glove everyday!
Text Reads to 86132 right now!
AND Come join our Volunteer Orientation July 7 from 68 pm!
RT : Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain!!
Happy Monday New Mexico Make it a great one.
You're welcome!
Glad you enjoyed yourself!
I just emailed you that joint we did from tha mixtape.
damn 10 subs at 11:59?
I can only doctoram
Did your last post stick you with the job of evaluating every postdoc announcement?
I thought being Gender Lady was enough work.
sadly, i am not yet part of the 1.
good job lil cuz!
I just seen all the post about you going to utah st.
Please beat byu so I can rub it a friends face.
I think you have been hacked.
Brewers or Astros hat tonight?
GoodMorning: I need a new emailing buddy!!
Whos in?!:
Why are some women rude for absolutely no reason x.o I just don't get it.
Take a chill pill.
SNAPBACK FRIDAY  CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR A SNAPBACK/FITTEDS  RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!!
HOSTED BY  KITCHEN OPEN 21 
Real men  women have class  are wellmannered BUT in the private w/their partner are the biggest  nastiest freaks you could ever imagine!
I'm still looking for a timeframe, Eddie...You're talking a lot, but I'm not seeing any off the air dates or monetary amounts.
I FINALLY saw a picture of Fat Kevin Federline.
I thought you were exaggerating, but holy cow I get your fascination.
Looks like rain again.
I want a weekend without looking at rainclouds just once.
Can anyone do that for me.
also, i'd really like some guacamole.
Buying a new home ?
Call misterD's to add lights, crown moulding and put some color on your walls.
www.misterspainting.com
have u heard James fortune new cd??
Preparing for my interview with on self esteem.
I'm a happy girl tonight!
Boarding flight from Hawaii to Chicago!
Florida, where the only thing that walks is a killer.
with only 135 minutes to store close, and then back in 9 plus hours.
Was nice yesterday hanging out at the beach along with our express shuttle to Mall
hm how long the takeover supossed to last?
?
...from the looks of things it's
not funny.
ok, maybe a little.
RT: What a finish by Dempsey.
Good heavens, has he ever scored an easy goal?
Oh yeah.
Nevermind.
MUSICLOVE 3 RT : That moment when you realize that all your friends have girlfriends but you...
Then you feel forever alone.
Everyone should follow , because she and I share a mind.
FWIW, I read somewhere eating a few marshmallows soothes sore throat.
No, I've not tried it.
I'm never leaving Austin.
that never gets old : so you coming to milwaukee to see your boys stach and the rest of the Brewers for opening day?
Been struglin lately , But one day it will be worth it
If building will, you have to give your audience a benefit that outweighs the reasons not to act
I agree if anything that was offensive interference!
: hey, how's the hair doing?
I'm rockin it.
; I think I may trim it this weekend.
We'll see.
WHEN?
TONIGHT?
Six packs start in the kitchen
So I just finished packing which is awesome :D!
But...now I'm starting homework...which is not awesome...
:
Poetry, politics, of Frost  Berkshire Eagle
We need jobs now
I've been alone for too long.
I hear ya!
Rewatched season 2 and want more now:
Going to Barcelona  Chivas match tonight in Miami!!!
no they had little to do with it isedchat We control communication except for some PA stuff which still goes through us
It's all about JB tonight, apparently.
Thanks for using ShowClix!
Have a wonderful time at the show and Happy New Year!
They renewed the show for an 8th season 
I think the SmartSync app is probably one of the more useful ones I have.
It would be more useful if it connected to LinkedIn.
Here, I see it more from faculty, when they put no Wikipedia warnings in assignments
Need a veggie pizza for dinner tonight?
We can hook you up.
Getting Ready for the CASCA show next week!!!
Have a great time man.
Outside Gold's GymGlorietta, waiting for my brother who has decided to look like The Situation.
:O.
NotPajama Party Kisses!
Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.
YOU STiLL AT HERSHE'?...
Happy Valentines Day to all!
You don't have to be in a relationship to be rich in love 
what a coaching job for the mariners, god I love this team
frkn MAtt hacked me!
there's still one more episode!
Best way to deal with a hangover is to sleep through it.
Stay tuned at noon for our interview with writer , Tweet us your questions and comments for him
Yes took pic after Sunday service.
Thats cool that you noticed.
Thanks for the compliment.
Garrison!
Is there somewhere I can buy I'll Be Waiting?
I NEED it in my ipod!
It's FANTASTIC!
:
LOL!
I've never seen so many adults get this excited over the opening of a film.
Hanging out with radio
RT u fucked up too I'm bout to be Slumped lol  N u know this man!
Had fun at the Hells Belles Car Club Pinewood Derby in SF...
Now off to Benders for Thee Merry Widows  Los Shimmy Shakers!
wheniwas13 I really wanted a cake with my face on it.
That is fabulous!
Very excited for you guys adoption is amazing!
Praying for all that's to come.
Queen Anne
The world is all gates, all opportunities.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Yup!
I saw it in the CNBC documentary about Costco.
goodstuff You should check it out!
Giving up Nugget Pretzels for lent!
This will be the ultimate test of will power since they are a huge part of my existence
Before you troll, may want to invest in a good proxy or VPN service.
thanks Sunshine!!
We are long over due fir a meet up!
I still have your piece.
;
I love you too baby : can I DM you or you want to use vonage, or no talk to me?
Lol
Didn't I didn't I didn't I see you crying?
Pretty cool stuff at FMC.
Wish I could actually be there instead of listening to the webcast.
Next year?
We have to study for us love..
bro...
dude whats up man?
lmfaoo so do i!
Best believe that I will tell ya to ur face if everyone was like you the world would be a better place
Wow that's new Chris Anderson is in jail for doctorg use?
Hahah jk
My reality is some people imagination
FF to our Philly Chevy Ambassadors!
Encourage local bands musicians performers singers venues  restaurants to build portfolios on Shastic.com.
Get there while free!
RT my momma talkin bout she want an ipad for christmas............umm......it's gon be a cold cold christmas.
Wake up.
Get out of your mind.
Be present.Eckhart Tolle
Loved your Chaka Kahn Post!!!
I feel for you!!!
lol
love you too.
Have fun tonight at midnight.
The 10year closed down almost 1  points from Fridays close, pushing its yield back up to 2.96.
hey pretty girl awww i've been ok there are some crazy things here  there but i'm strong lol ; YES come back soon!!!
3
Guite to eBook Menopause, Your Doctor and You
Winning has always meant much to me, but winning friends has meant the most.
Babe Didoctorkson Zaharias
My bestfriends mom supports the gay community so much, that she brought up the current issue in all of her classes.
I love her so much3
Lady in the blue skirt, hey!!!
Sinuses completely stuffed.
Plane completely grounded.
Scene at Kennedy: snow snow snow.
The Tatoo is Awesome.
I can't wait to see it at Gally,
Hope for humanity!
Wandered into a normal people bar.
Remembering why I'm punk.
Designwise, has the political campaign yard sign evolved at all during the past 50 years?
I always think the Progressive  Service Master apps look pointless on their commercials.
last thing Im thinking of in emergency
Imagine if people from 200 countries watched a game played between two teams from Cincinnati?
Same size as Manchester.
DM'ing Mikey were we're getting married..I think I'm creeping him out lmao
Money is usually attracted, not pursued
...the game that we love, that generates big bucks.
I said a year ago that it was either going to go the way of rollerball or doctorp
I'm multitalented.
Aha
Minor panic attacks all day
maybe?
you mean yes.
yes they do!
oh yess you already know lol
I just can't do it
phenomenal work.
You've had some great shows come your way.
I'm jealous but happy for you.
Im over this math hw!
i been on the same question an hour...smh
Well would you look at that.
ThingsThatConfuseMe: Archivists disproving photo descriptions and writing, ..actually, it's this street.
Just erase the incorrect info!
yeah but she's a rapper it's these singers that hurt me the most.
Talk about life, uplift women.
That's why Beyonce is winning
Fixin' to start blogging innovative web technologies at SXaccel.
Lots of interesting people doing interesting things :
Holy shit!
A deer just ran out in front of us by Penfield!
Lin RT : 114A: Vietnam Veterans Memorial designer can be Noted former Bighorn.
Three letters.
Go.
We agree!
RT When You're doctornk  Can't Keep Score.
You need the Scorzie, a Scorekeeping Koozie
thank you for reposting.
ah, just fell in love with this sun doctorss at Hollister.
That awkward moment when you hangout with someone yu don't knoww..
yeah but im no batting 1.000
Hey stranger.
OMG : luv people watching!!
!
luv U guysgirlsU make me happy : smile  it's FUN!!!
:
Thanks for your RTs of our story about the Silk Road Ensemble!
Geetinqqq ripped with
Nah, your NYC peeps tend to be awake much later than you are anyway.
It'll tip the balance in your favor.
Did it work ?
Lol
RT DMV the worst// That's why I'm a member of A.
Totally over the DMV.
Lots o' tweeting about this being a crappy Monday morn.
Mine too is off to a rocky start.
I had a nice ass time in Atlanta, I'm ready to go back!
Thanks for sharing the deduction guide, Josh!
It's really quite simple..
Say what you mean  mean what you say.
Thankful for allowing God to use them mightily this weekend at Camp Flashpoint!
Powerful!
i would wake up at 6:30 on my first day of SUMMER.
wtf is wrong w/ me!?.
you better not!
I came back to twitter because of you alone.
Love ya Riley!
: Don your socks, sandals  sunglasses, Seattle  we're in for some sunshine today!
40FAndLovinIt NW I can't wait!!!!
Call for the Sunday cutup!
Day ball: RangersJays matinee
You seem pretty composed for such an epic germ event having just transpired.
Adding a nice smith machine.
Pully and cable system more olympic weights bringing my total over 2000 lbs yessir
wow you are hat in!
And makin money off of it wow momma what has this world came to!

Woo!!!
Happy Monday!
Won a piggy bank in the white elephant gift exchange!!
I won't give up.
someone needs to!!
Haha
hey there friend!
So glad bigotry could reuinte us!
Back to chilly weather, come in for some beer cheese soup to keep you warm!
Off work and trying to get into the mood to do something.
Why is it so gloomy outside?
It's Friday I want some sun!
Our chefs are whipping up some tasty surprises for the Cherry Blossom Festival!
Can't wait for everyone to try!
u need some aloe vera lotion
I'm writing a WBN follow up for Library Journal, got any stories to share?
Email me at
I have only seen the preview but I agree with Mikey from American Chopper.
It sucks you guys don't get a personal life.
You doctorve a truck?!
RT : Btw ya'll., I'm a gun carrying, hunting, fishing, country music listening, truck and dog owning AZ boy.
im at the point where im so tired that i wonder if i have my contacts in or not.
Its ohkay to not care about some stuff, But theres some shit that you SHOULD care about.
No stickers in Eau Claire?
I know the lakers lost but dat damn kobe is box office !!
COME TO MY HOUSE YIUR MISSING ALL ZE FUN
next time say hello!
Who else wishes today was Wednesday?
CANNOT WAIT.
Former Saints Safety Steve Gleason's story airs at 3:37 CTHeroically battling ALS at age 34.
Thanks!!
Never able to meet up with her before, but we will make contact!
Thanks!
We are new to FB and want to tell people we are there by offering them our gas card.
Ipads are cool too.
Cool!
Thanks for letting me know.
:
i can't stand the name of that store.
i feel like it's a warning to not go in :
after my last RT i almost forgot s/o to teamdominican !!
i love yal
Austin,Texas is L.A.
away from L.A.
Ah, yea...
takeitoutside !
can you tell me who kaydee is?
Gimme Whatcha got for a Pork Chop!
Lmao, i always bump you in the hall and you just give me a weird look xD
Funniest night in long time!
Haha
They make me sad when there is an obvious disconnect between the house or family and the objects inside being only representations...
Ms.
Switzer it's turning up on people today lmao
So true.
Winning at Purdue for just 2nd time in 40 years qualifies as an impressive feat in my book.
Well that was awkward...
i wish i could go back in time  go to my favorite bands before they were big  make them sign a whole bunch of things ...
you are a strong young woman.
Roar girl, Roar
what an angry little tatertot you are.
how about a trip to the doctor, hm?
It always was a weird conflict of interest for a newspaper to own a sports team, so I'm glad NYT is out.
DML2012 inspiration for computer science as pathway to liberal arts learning, literacy, and engagement.
Wish you were here!
It's just a shame to let you walk away.
Humbly sitting around a table with some of the best humanities advocates in the US like Jamil from , Esther from
ABOUE 1 MORE HOUR UNTIL THE DAY OF THE AIR DATE OF MY TNT EPISODE
We are creating a custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower.
Follow  RT to be eligible.
Chicks complaining about Girlfriend duties..
You'll Never be able to handle Wife duties!
You just holding yo'self back..
it really doesnt, and idk who picked florida to sing with her, but whoever did didnt really understand her
At activateNYC12, Yochai  Craig Newmark mention terrific  importance of professor Lessig's work on
In a fit of I'mnotsurewhat, I cancelled my longdelayed Nikon d800 preorder and ordered a Fuji XPro1 instead.
BackInElementarySchool i would get in trouble for Anything.
but teachers thought i was funny
I'm getting into it right now.
lol thought you did.
widely regarded as the quietest council member among media.
I kno now Im broke ass hell lol
The trending topics have sucked lately smh
good point
When captainin America throws his mighty shield, all those who choose to oppose his shield must yield!
don't set them too high, though.
You might miss out on someone amazing!
I loathe summer.
Thanks for the shoutout
I'm not totally useless....
I can be used as a bad example;
oh my gosh their is a huge bug in my room nosleep 
Theres a giant loose dog circling my house looks mean.
LOOK AT ME NOWW
what you gettin into later we should do some work
Anyone need a job?
Passions is hiring  having interviews tomorrow from 14pm..
Msg me for info
I play life by ear.
No one is luckier than him who believes in his luck.
' German Proverb
thank you!!!
Due to horrendous twotweet joke attempt twitter staff has fired entire intern team.
We apologize for the inconvenience
Right back at ya!
dude...
If japan loves you are fucking in.
nice work.
Hahahaha senior prank this year is such an epic fail
Looking forward to working with as the play by play voice for away games  game day arena announcer at the !
Thanks for the ticket, awesome game man!
yes i love it!
and of course...you will make it even better3
Usually ppl that say they arnt perfect, really are perfect their just the only ones that dont see it:
So why my current gone..wapa I don't appreciate this
good for you!
Life's about learning and growing, trying new things
the sound of the rain hitting the roof and my windows in my silent room, while reading a book  3
What up
The Doug Benson Interruption, so fucking good.
It's on Netflix.
Thanks for the follow.
Hope you are keeping cool!
Hi how are you, im hoping you will listen to this remix we did of Thugman Ft.
Missy..
We are The Orphanz and if you google us you check it.
And we just hit E.F.
Codd kodm
DuRags  Corduroy are on the way as a belated birthday present :
Nope.
Go back to bed, it's all a doctoram
Two more witnesses: Caturano, Guarino.
Then the prosecution rests.
First,AlecBaldwin.
Now, JackMcBrayer!
Though Jack's was more of a sighting since I only said one thing to him.
Next, TinaFey?
Hope so!
So looking forward to tonight's media party at !
Thanks, !
need some afternoon action that would be
Playing modern warfare 3, I just cried when soap died.
sad
tht was gross.
Cant believe he is suckin it up.
The man is a machine
american express commercial saying you can use a mastercard in argentina?
have you been to argentina?
TRY paying with a card ANYWHERE!
Makes me wish there was a site where individual histories, like yours, could be posted by anyone.
If we don't support each other who will!!!
We're one big happy family!!!
FireStoneDistrict LOVE THIS BLOCK!!!
haha im doin homework too :P hate it
Yes, what a year.
Next chapter begins.
Thanks Dave.
RT : Taking the car to today, just because.
What a year.
looool sorry pav i got confused as to who was using your account?
:L and yeah sure :
lets go then
people be so sensitive now days, save those tears for someone who gives a fuck hahahahaha
Some people just troll for the attention.
Pretty ridic.
updated baby registries, now ready to sleep!
I WILL NOT LOOSE!
EVER!!
CanIBeHonestWithYou is never a question that results with something good following.
We're getting ready for our holiday party tomorrow night!
Wrapping Christmas presents and putting the finishing touches on our performance!
for sure!
you wont regret it :
You are so welcome!
My wife and I raised 4 great kids and loved the teen years.
Being selfemployed and working from the home was beneficial.
...that's rude
Newsies that Stay Newsies: An Aphorism in Three Acts.
Starring Christian Bale.
Join us for Arts in the Park  Cosmic Carnival  the Balloon Museum Sept 18th!
FREE Admission!
Live music, arts  crafts and star gazing!
80 of all the household purchases are made or influenced by a woman.
I think everyone has been to Orange Leaf today...
I like that deal for you: Witten is a big upgrade over Davis that skins' offense scares me with Beck at QB
Transformational teaching  doctormatic academic growth, habits and mindsets, access and advocacy.
So whats everyone playing tonight??
So you're buying handmade AND you smell good!
3
that is the best thing I've heard all day!
A win tonight in hockey.
It was a good game.
if your a scumbag you should forsure follow me!
Dear google, could you sit next to me during an exam?
Sincerely, every student.
NICE...I want anything that is 'cool' i am lacking in the shoe dept.
too many bags not enough shoes :
What is it that defines a great restaurant to you?
Cincinnati No Longer Has a Ban on Pitbulls.
Effective this Wednesday they are No Longer Outlawed.
There are only two classes  first class and no class.
David O.
Selznick
Are you going to try to doctorss her up and give her tea?!
Lol
Hello April!
I hate you.
I never know when hockey season is.
Apparently it's the playoffs
Cannes Film Festival Here We Come!!!
Arizona Beer Fest at Tempe Beach Park today.
Look for TailGate Beer.
Starts at 2 PM.
RT : I asked Siri how much Apple pays her per hour and she began to sob.
i dont have a skype sorry
: I love it when I hug someone, and just when I'm about to let go, they hug me even tighter cough
I'd like to wish a very happy birthday to my little sis.
She's in Hawaii, and I'm at , but we'll be celebrating tonight regardless!
no im not im just tweeting from work,  ok
Day doctornkers we are open.
2.5 domestics.
1 pull tabs.
Free darts.
RT : Who do you have in GM1 tonight?
or UCIScottBrooks led ?
I know this is far from the last time that we'll see him!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at K Street Lounge for Happy Hour today!
58pm
why didn't they announce that Jimmy Graham broke the record in the dome???!?
tired.
early ass work.
lots to figure out.
lol it's more about being able to get ahold of ya :P I'm off all day Thursday and Friday except for court loo
Back from a brutal leg workout.
Gotta preburn some of that fat I'll gain back during the Super Bowl!
What song?
Good job and winning for the resume team!
Woohoo!
I was rooting for you
Do you work with IADT students as well?
I work with the Detroit campus
We r sexy and we know it!!
Wiggle!
Bitches love to stare.
There are worse things in life than death.
Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
Shooting a RallyCar race on trails that wind through the Paul Bunyan State Forest in Bemidji,MN, some of the best rally roads in the country
Writing an open letter to starbucks corporate.
Thinking about using Expression Engine for website.
Any thoughts?
We aren't going to be friends if you watch WWE.
Gee, thanks.
When I'm super busy I actually fool myself into thinking that I'm not lonley , when I am.
are you gonna be on the craig owens tour?!
Amanda Savage is the Kobayaiche of cinnastix.
And in the middle of school, when you're just sitting in your chair, not doing anything at all, something randomly pops.
Oh, yeah!
But the first time through, it can feel more like banging your head against a rock than being a head banging rock star.
I don't have a migraine.
not currently, but we will be testing in the future!
Junior Seau dead...
Sad sad news.
R.I.P.
....
i only fck wit bhadd bitches..dat always blow loud...!
And yes, both of us will be in Austin next week for SXSW at our Vahalla booth at Tons of new prints, plush, tees!
um ive never gone on anon on tumblr cuz bitch im str8 up ;p
damn wat to do today
Feel like changing the Channels now!
and by that you must mean ridiculously good looking
Plus I was paranoid since some people on the Arch forums had booting issues with the 3.2.121 kernel...
haha nope!
He just thought I was funny!
Hey guys!
Share this page with your friends.
Y'know?
MTV will be filming our dispensary 2day.
Stop by  check it out  take advantage of our lunch special buy 1 gram get 1 1/2 off from 122pm.
I hate waiting on people..
talk to he is an artist...
A bird in the hand is the best way to eat chicken.
It came highly recommended.
I let no one sit in my rocking chair.
Lmao
Make sure to stop by the Vanguard Booth at ARMA11.
Bill and Pete are delightful gentlemen!
I'm officially a nut job
Still awake.
Never been to sleep.
Too much work to do.
Floating like a paper plane.
Unfortunately, yes.
We'll let you know when the next one gets scheduled.
Had you registered?
Just go with it.
I caved  now I own a small, brass rhino.
I love it.
Pat Summitt, the most successful coach in college basketball, is stepping down nearly a year after being diagnosed with early onset demen
Turn To You is so touching.
So i get up  6 ...
Get all ready for school  its a 2 hr delayy ..
Gaaah .
Im going backk to sleep !
I'm not a perfect person.
There's many things I wish I didn't do.
But I continue learning.
I never meant to do those things to you.3
Good Morning!!!!
is handling a 27 iMac Data Recovery and AppleCare repair from South Korea right now.
Yup!
We're international!
is that a dead body by the window..?
I think I know why ;p haha
: Finally getting my portillos fix Yumm
I wonder who really wants to know the geniuses behind this account;
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 10 now available Learn about three fires that devastated veterinary practices; help clients comply with fo
Truth Hurts.
Untruthful Things Are Even Worse.
But Either Things You Never Know Honesty Through Friendship Always Comes First.
how do you get a cold when its hot?
Grrrr :x I can never fall asleep at a decent time on thursdays.
wtf is up with that??!
DearMonday.....
Why do you get here so fast...
You know not to be mean, but nobody likes you!
I still want to see think like a man
srsly, if the next step's nomoms, my feelings'll go from mixed to quite negative
If you want to earn  work, but if you want to get rich  should come up with something else!
Cold, lonely and hungry?
Come on in and get some freshly baked warm bread for you and your boothang ;
finishing songs
The Vikings have tied the game...23 to 23.
Now just watch Favre do his stuff.
look at the doctorssing
But at the end of the day you always fail to endorse Spaz's termination.
What gives?
jealous!
I'm calling you tonight!
Special thanks to and RTs :o
u need help cleaning?
Lemme know i can come over asap lol
De gud life.
I want to be outside!
It's gorgeous today.
yeah, I'm trying to see what they are talking about for the summer.
I'm going to try to slide through there tomorrow.
I am sure you saw the Steelers open here in Denver .
Tickets will probably be crazy  with Manning hype so we will be home.
I might have some cheesy potatoes.....
omg, haven't talked in forever
FOLLOWING LIMIT SUCKS!!
Ok well I'm gonna shower and call you then
Enjoying a day at home.
RT : Dance is the only art in which we ourselves are the stuff of which it is made.
Ted Shawn
Will do!
RT : Just saw the movie at Damn, it is so good.
Go see it if and when you can.
when I'm with you, it feels like I'm walkin on air 
it just ended hahaha
congrats bro!
If I am not ripped by the third month.
I am beating up every trainer.
Debating on whether to take run in 2011.
It's a mild 39 degrees with no snow on the ground or should I start in 2012.
happy that I had a great first day in the new salon Prodigys
I know!
I just wanna dance some more!
I wish you were coming with us!
is the game on tv?
Road trip began today!
Tonight's Timbers game is on KPDX, which is not offered in HD on Directv.
But you can get KPDX's HD signal by using offair antenna.
I'm in love with the picture Ari tweeted.
Happy Earth Day!
Each day is Valentine's Day...
with
omg.
Me to!
I just bit the toothpick holding my lunch together.
oO
Wanna thank qod for lettinq me see another day.!
N keepinq the two most important ppl n my life safe.!
I love yall
Thanks for RT'ing our Bonnie Springs deal!
For that, you win a two pack to Bonnie Screams!
We'll DM you the info!
Haha i know!
Twitter buddies are cool too though!
Is this real life?
haha ;
McGee and Faried combined for 28 points and 30 rebounds tonight.
We gotta keep them together.
You owe your audience big time Cenk Uygar
dear baseball moms, is it necessary to say let's go four two...the number is forty two just say that!
: thank you You're welcome  thank u!
The video's hype :D
look bro, get a trademark on your picture.
Simple solution.
And try being nice to other people.
It works.
Whoever fucking says they like being a woman never says it when there's a devil living in her fucking ovaries.
West LA is poppin today lmao
Since I deleted my facebook, Im stuck on twitter but it's turnt down right now .
If you're not growing, you are dying.
Fuck Selena get me an AXE I will kill the bitch she knows about 1D if she goes after them I will kill her!!
Made up my mind I'm going to makeup school excited .
That szechuan sauce is eating a hole through my stomach right now...
Running THEN a happy hour beverage...
Never the other way around
no problem :
its okay.
I don't get mad at all.
Of course we're still friends :.
Have you watched House Of Anubis?
impressive pulitzer project, but where's the poetry?
Wharton's crazy good and all, but line breaks need love too!
To parents that make their kids smile everyday!
You're awesome :
I don't understand how I can cheat and still fail!!!
Laying out with my momma and sisters.
I'll hit you up post dev connections when I come up for air again?
First week April :
haha that's what I'm saying !
me nd my brother got left in the measum maze all our friends left us nd my teacher was lookin for us nd evelyn crazy day lol
yes, that is why I have started PHipster
Thank you for the follow :
hiding??
hyd means how you doing lol
Study: Employees' trust in leaders has declined.
Only 14 say company leaders are ethical/honest.Sept.
HR Magazine.
Why my mom gotta be so unsupportive
Watching the art of critique
My bday is in 15 days yay.
Long weekend of moving.
Need a vacation from my summer!
I've been entirely too busy
The architect should walk the site with the photographer
Has anyone ever got suspended from skool?
And if u did was it bad!!!!!!!
I HOPE I GET TO MEET :
Local businesses support other local businesses.
Shopping at one supports many.
Keep your  local.
yeah I miss you too BigHomie!
Aw, thanks.
We appreciate you!
MY LAPTOP IS WORKING!!
my life is back :D
Me too..
I've been craving Yogurt on the Rocks for days now.
I'm finally doing it tonight!
Get it WET.
Finna call it one..
still gotta find a ride in the a.m.
smh
Hair gel?
yeah, b/c the inevitable second question is some variation of what took so long  doesn't look good on film
IM PROUD STILL :'
Yep Emma Stone is also way hot.
playoffs have a few too many games, but the level of play and excitement are better than any other league's post season.
I bet my ex will agree with this!!!
RT : A Libra can become quite evil when pushed to their limit.
it all started when i sed somthing to him and he got pissed off cuz his parants cheak his FB and he dident want them to no hes bi!
I've been practicing the Vlad story.
Breaking it out this weekend.
Wish me luck.
tweet at my fiancÃ© , and she can email you deets.
I'll pass along your email.
: We are following you now, very interesting posts.
Truth'd.
RT : Another playwright ff.
, but you can call him Chain Lightnin'.
Man it is nice out today!
Love it
I know!
Pretty amazing stuff.
It's supposed to be 86 here today.
:
I would be a very happy dog if you followed me!
puppy eyes pwease!!!
We burnin down trees out chyea!
Nite Nite Love U and too!
For 5 yrs David Vasquez has playd timbales wth www.ljye.com .Today was his graduation party and I spoke.
His Dad Hiram and I wept.
Pride Joy
Good point.
This is awesome.
Wide awake since midnight.
Yep enjoying my childhood memories watching Anastasia :
ha!
That's a bit much all at once.
my favorite of all is you
Do any other musicians out there talk to their guitars like they're real people?
Or am I just crazy...
Since when do you stand at work...???
Great first day back on the practice field for all Browns players.
Republicans can't clap during the SOTU because they always have 1 hand on their wallet.
The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him.
Pascal
If you live everyday like it is your last, your last day will be just like every other.
We wish you and your family a very Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
Prosecutor Dave Chapman moved to rears during close argument at trial
Anonymous vs.
the legitimate identifying internet.
You go,
violet and blue?
It looks like Twitter just changed its look.
Any thoughts?
It's definitely different, that's for sure.
Where is my girlfriend at??!!!??!!
lol....
I thought u sounded like a angle.
B
Cheers!
Gotta love a good beer!
LIVE at Stone Brewing Co.
Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Pun of the Day: MS is releasing a new IDE for Phil Collins fans...
Visual Stu Stu Studio.
492009 rate please and i am the 2nd one to the left FYI!!!
missing a good dinner!
I'm putting people through a hiring process at my college.
I hope it's not too terrible for them.
you are one of the most respected superstars ever but at the same time you are one of the most disrespected superstars of all time
Omfg, is following me...xD I feel pretty special.
Thank you.3
thats really cool!!!
Congrats Scotty!
God has great things in store for you!
Jer.
29:11 :D
I need time and I need my space
facebook is full of shit when people can't access their own account when things go wrong, there is never a live person you can speak to
Has anyone heard back yet about the Wimbledon ballot?
Too soon?
thank you!
I'll talk to my people!
please dont haha i might cry
Thank you to all the designers, guests, bloggers, and everyone that came to our Bedmaking event today!
Sweet doctorams to you all!
love you!
Thanks !
Had a BLAST!
so proud to be a WOU wolf!!
I can understand that.
other favorite was a little screwdoctorver w/a note since the couple med  worked at a hardware store
I saw the doctoraded skapri in Athleta catalog.
O tempora!
O mores!
O horrid hybrid!

It was lovely chatting with you today : Love to you  happy leap year!!
xxoo
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 84
Check your email.
evernoticed how doctorstically the definition of LOVE has changed?
ok...
EDT.
Happy now?!
It will be a fantastic show no matter what time!!
haha that's awesome.
Good find Mark!
thanks for hosting such a wonderful hh tonight!
I don't need to speak Dutch to understand your angry birds tweet!!
Here comes the paranoia again.
I feel like I annoy you and you have better things to do than talk to me.
But it's fine.
Suppose you were an idiot.
And suppose you were a member of congress.
But I repeat myself.
Big T!
They want us : It'd be fun RT Any future Dallas shows when Tanner comes back from LA?
ImMadBecause , he called everyday for the past week  a half  iMISSED EVERY CALL LIKE TF .
I hope he calls tonight
UWS at 630, and support NY fun run w/
Just enjoyed the best piece of pumpkin pie ever!!
If you know of educators who are interested in the Holocaust and childoctorn's art please direct them to our site.
www.petrginz.com
Wishing you a happy and healthy New Year!
May your 2012 be filled with beautiful music.
I'm sorry but a Bail Agent agressively approaching defendants families in the courthouse trying to sell a bond isn't professorssional!
Golf Tip: Keep your kit clean.
A little dirt can cause a lot of problems.
Anybody else hearing that the name surejet might be put on hold?
walk right in, step right down, baby let your hair hang down
u can sit near us if u hurry;
Full of wisdom and a trailblazer!
: Communication is the key for effective teamwork.
TheEpicLife
i want in!!!
I need denea and simone hours!!
1 week till Oktoberfest!!
Who is coming to see us!
when am I seeing you!?!?
Thanks  a fine list!
RT : Here's my list of fave 2011 publishers:
feeling like Friday
Loving some grilled cheese for lunch :
When people bail on you at the last min when you really needed them most.
Hm now I'm thinking!
RT totally!
George stands outside the showroom for a long while!
RT if you've been disappointed in 's doctornk facebooking game this year
woftreat ..
party favor!!!
nailed it
keep your head up giz just 2 more months!
And smile cause you look more beautiful with a smile:
washing hands:
did I miss a picture of the meet up?;
are 93.
are 102.
These next four games should be FUN.
Why does my dance show have to be on a thursday?
It makes it feel like todays friday  tomorrow will be like what am i doing here??
Happy to report issues, but I can't DM you unless you follow me.
.
It would be way awesomer if my retirement account quoted !
thanks for all the hard work you do to preserve america's past.
can you call me and wish me a happy birthday because today is my birthday.....my number is4564561
Civilian Review Boardinsiders say it is not impartial, justice is NOT served for either citizen or police officers.10News I team
Glad to see how much you are enjoying the new hometown.
Umm think it's time to write some poetry.
Gay.
Join us 8pm Friday,May 18.
Neon Venus Theatre.
Hilarious standup comics...Candace Brown,Matt Geiler,Nahreen Tarzi, Anthony Perez
I think I might actually get to bed at a decent time tonight.
This is wonderful!!!!
I've never been SoExcited to sleep!
:
It's the first day of Summer classes!
Welcome back everyone :
12 Angry Flabby Men
Sleepless.
Locked out.
Coffee shop keeps refilling with evermoreannoying music.
Good thing my week begins/ends on Wed
Hope to see you there Vijay.
Welcome!
Are you enjoying your meal ?
Thank you for checking in on Foursquare.
it just ligtened again.
follow me please i love one direction and everybody thinks that i'm traumatized : 
My friend Justin will be working on the set of Perks!
I told him to say Hi!
to you from me  that you're the best Hunn!!!
3
Association of Midwest Museums annual meeting to meet in Indianapolis 723 to 726 in 2012.
At 1st city wide planning meeting.
will music be forever fragmented into thousands of small, internetonly subgenres, or is it a phase?
Actually, the most emotional I've ever been came from Monet.
But that was a line from Parks and Rec I really loved.
do somethign useful and retweet my last tweet :P
aw....
poor baby
I hope he is alright.
Holy huge moon, Batman!
Alanna is watching the Rhyme Time ep of FBB with in it.
: So funny!
Says ZINE WORLD: A READER'S GUIDE TO THE UNDERGROUND PRESS, Every city needs one of these...
I guess you dont want to tell me.Well have a good daynight:
should we set up a brewer game for the Friday everyone is here?
If I get 1 more 'complimentary' wake up call from a ph that doesn't like to speak  6:30a.m.
I'm going to politely share the  w/ Twitter.
follow back?:D xx
I theories that people in the future are going back in time and fucking with our ancestors.
Listening to the Cardinals feed on XM.
Why does every announcer have to pronounce Tabata all strange?
I know a JeanPaul.
He got stabbed by his last girlfriend.
Hmm....
Back in the saddle again.
: Don't trust a hoe, never trust a hoe, cause a hoe won't trust me..Your tweets are fucking retarded.
Are you a black pimp?
In the sports news today: the Celtics trade Nate Robinson and Kendoctorc Perkins.
They must know something that we all don't know.
RT: : Dude.
GIRLS is the best.
is a goddess.
Joyous Melodies Tonight!
Nice to meet you this morning!
lol I knowww , interesting lol xD well I go to sunset and I went to hammocks maybee frm there??
Doubt sunset though lol
Ate a great meal of shredded pork over rice with plantains at a Cuban restaurant in the Miami airport.
When did airport food get so good?
My nerves bad ..
I want my doggy back :
no babe Disney world
happy hump day to you!
Same goes for me.
I play satellite TV for awhile to help me with ideas!
haha hi star!
well we were sitting on the couch watching tv and i decided to try to kiss her but then.
Imma go to sleep now.
is a great candidate and leader, just needs a little more time and experience.
One of the next biggest breakthroughs in sports nutrition has been the area of bioactive peptides.
The future is here with www.mmabq.com
Off to the airport.
The trip to LGA seems a wee hop compared to my usual jaunt to SEA.
come over today kinya comin to!
My world is falling apart :/
Cameron diaz...
Why not
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
It's a nice night, the stars look pretty sick,
Star Wars is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that.
It's what they want.
George Lucas b.
2day 1944
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a creative week!
this guy is the Bono of hating my reviews!
I wonder who The Edge is
Cold weather :
something with your faces!
Oh sweatpants that say wellington down the side
Nice, Brad!
Well spoken and congratulations.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
Charles Lamb
Good luck at the Jack this weekend.
Would love to see the pictures
Thanks, Chris!!
: : happy birthday Kelsey!
haha maybe but idk I feel like he's been barely saving his job every year though
I wish I was a New Yorker.
Headphones in, sunglasses on, Starbucks in one hand  a dog leash in the other.
Happy International Beer Day www.yeldahgoods.com for a 8.05 shirt stating REAL WOMEN doctorNK BEER.
Today only.
Cheers!!!!!
Are u a business owner in Boise?
Tell me about it...
I still get a lil nervous...
The wait for prisoners on death row will be shortened considerably.
listening to X Files on husband's computer, sipping joe, thinking about calculus homework...
only thinking...
sucks at 2K , idk why he still plays me
In these lanes, how about you?
So we go to school for like 7 hours..
What's the point of homework?
that's why we go to school all day!
stressedasever 
A survey of teaching staff suggests poor parenting is fuelling a rise in violent pupil behaviour.
thats what im talking about.
Im ready to get on that fire
This mf need a contract deduction or something release his weak ass and let Gibson start
I now work at irving convention center.
doctorw Brees has every right to be livid.
Saints ownership once again out of touch w/ reality.
Yeah, during and after teaching, I would totally reverse myselfdeclaring I like teaching more than prep.
Nice to enjoy both!
yo video is tight SK....I see u movin up.
I was there for the path that I bend..
proud of you man keep goin
Here we Go!!!!
Happy St.Patricks Day Milwaukee!
We open at 8.
Please everyone get crazy but be safe!
Cab it or Buses are free today!
You have got to be kidding me.
We love him too!
worried about weather for hill day
My fellow American, you must have your sky miles card on you today because you're looking extra fly.
GW
The Reese Boyd Project's next show is 6/1/12  Will Henry's Tavern, Stone Mountain, GA.
No Cover.
All I Do Is Show Out , Watch Me While I Show Out .
S/O to !
Taking one for the TEAM!
HA!
Love my partner.
.
.
Totally agree with shopping at the farmers market.
We are so lucky to have what we have in Madison.
I'm fine without the free doctornk ticket!
the mlanet12 program says it's a ticketed event, though...
so glad you could make our MNO event!
We'll see you at the next one!
:
I got you  just sent some others 
Did ya'll recognize as our call in question for JamesRoday today on ?
Hahahaha!
When I find out what I did right I'll share!
I promise!
Have a great window day!
I wish u would tweet me what radio station ur gonna be at
Friday night!
going out..if this bitch ever comes and picks me up :
Gotta say, Google, I do like those new .js scrollbars that got pushed to Gmail.
, would be interested to hear your thoughts.
that was the wonderful Lori Easterwood who is on twitter as but doesn't post at all.
World star hip hop has to be the funniest website ever 
don't you mean 40 Year Old Virgin?
Happy birthday!
What are you doing to celebrate!?
Have fun : RT : Happy birthday, !
I can chug an entire doctornking glass of vodka.
It's my special talent.
If I was in the Ms America pagaent...
That's what I would do.
All I know is I have a sudden craving for a Tuna Sandwich from in Harlem.
just said a prayer for Swilley's tendonitis to heal.
Really pulling for him.
I know be can get through this.
Enjoyed your visit at HQ yesterday!
Lol!!
that's a long time!!
traffic sucks.
Best guess so far...
2 out of the 3, but no hints yet!
RT : How about potatoes, peppers and onions?
Tornado warning?!
ohshit !
had a doctoram came to my wedding last night.
This is your informal invitation Willie.
Happy WW to all.
Cheers!
WHOA!!!
Gorgeous  busy Cafe Momus set at

she's on a plane moving to SF, today!
That's how she is.
YAYYYY!!!
doctornks soon??
excited to see it!
first Cal Men's Lacrosse game tomorrow at 7pm  Maxwell field
Just saw KillTheIrishman  bad...
Now about to watch
you guys are awesome.
tweeton!
Tomorrow we talk hashtags and lists
I do that too, if your not using chrome, then your either technologically retarded or you don't respect yourself
I love the smell of Windex in the evening.
This CALIFORNIA HAPPY COW wants to be a SIDEKICK on a RADIO show in SOCAL Any suggestions?
Lol nice!
How bout the movie Congo LMFAO!
describeyourpeniswithamovietitle RT : ferocious planet
I want something antireligious
: Happy mothers day thank you Love!
AlanJacobson has a new short story FatalTwist available today on Amazon and BarnesNoble!
Get it while it's hot!
I am so Clark Kent!
Remove glasses, add makeup...new person
It's about time we let those toes breath a little.
Sydney b.
has a great selection of sandals.
kids  moms
I watch a lot of the Bulls  Celtics.
I think Doc  Thibodeau r 2 of the best at any level.
Haven't watched much of the Grizzlies
Tony Parker should be more concerned with reporters rioting at this presser than which school he should choose.
re: angels on pinhead  the question serves as a metaphor for wasting time debating topics of no practical value
yeah, just a bit.
Thank you for asking
who you telling and thats just from these last 2 weeks i have left lol
Fuk a crableg..slick had a lobster.
This is like mistaking a cup of milk for a cow
I def gotta work wit u....You snapped on that Go HaRd
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Coffee, Dale, Geneva, Henry  Houston Counties until 09:00 PM
christ billingsley throw a fucking strike
Wow, will be praying for you!!
Had a friend this happened to many years ago.
Signed up to Rallycross the Accord on Sunday.
Hooooo boy.
:
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me 3 : 4
Great Yoga Class tonight YOGA WORKS!
no they shouldn't, can't even imagine the pain.As a mom I'd think there is an empty void in ur heart that never heals.
The Ready Set in L.A.
Day 4
no no no no mauren ;
Defo took one on the chin huh?
This is true, maybe I should add a little widget to the site, Thanks!
:
aww.
I love brunch!
Patron needed help with a copy.
Couldn't help her because she's already logged out and there's a waiting list.
Buying fishies :D
Thank you!!
It's not that I'm so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer.
Albert Einstein.
Stick to it.
Perseverance is priceless.
: MONDAY
which one
you got it!
I'll be around actually..
boyfriend is taking a boys trip to Whistler so I've got nothing to do!
lol no your a minute off!
:O Gasp!
don't sell yourself short this was a great night of chat, we coled the discussion
We will be at the 5 spot in East Nashville this Saturday w Kat Smo and the Future to benefit 3rd annual food doctorve
Stop testing  doctorving
Hi!
hope To see u soon!
Don't forget Sunday k
When I'm tired and cannot sleep, I count my blessings instead of sheepIrving Berlin.
Sweet doctorams, loved ones xo 3
I'm eating watermelon with a grapefruit spoon.
Who dat, who dat, you know who it is, heard you lying on my sis, tellin people that you hit/ when your album doctorps Ima hit you with your
Tryna go to glassgow for the open house tmister:
please email me to set up an appointment.
.
send three different times that work for you.
Give her my congratulations.
Port lovers be jealous.
I am staying at QuintadoNoval for 2 days.
Unbelievably beautiful windy roads to get her.
Therapists  are you attending the 2012 CSM in Chicago?
Stop by our booth for more information on Career Opps
I spend so much time in strip clubs that when the pizza delivery guy arrives I put his tip individually around his pants  then slap his ass
Dear , stay strong buddy.
At least your QB doesn't have a metal neck.
Thanks to the students in professorssor Pena's Rare Book  Special Collections class for having me tonight.
who should I start out of Percy Felix or Gronkowski at flex today?
we had 90 followers now down too 75 ?
.
LOL...sorry...typing on small phone : Yes, it's www.
Lovin the sunshine, but I think its melting my eyeballs.
No way!
Are they amazing?
Can't wait until tomorrow.
I'll have a full case of coffee stout.
You men a sduffy dose?
mwahaha he would never listen to your opinion over mine!
I'm not going to tweet until the end.
This is too good.
Enjoy, fans.
Do do do do do do di di di Jason misterz is my kinda guy for the week:
you showed your tits for pizza?
720 with Adam bomb
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.
wuddupp nice to talk to u gain can u follow jadenbaby11 she only got 2 ppl n dats me n somebody plz
You tell me, I'm headed to con center now.
Had work this AM.
We will be closed Monday 8/15  Tuesday 8/16 for our yearly maintenance.
See everyone on Wednesday!
We got Jaimes Valdez city of Portland Renewable Energy Specialist as a speaker at the greenrenaissance/fair 919/2009
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
Babe Ruth
This RT : this talk about the Hackoff  Smackoff on my TL makes me excited for
Welcome back!
is that Panama???
And if so...that's amazing!
What are you doing there?
Did 's twitter get hacked again?
comparison is a cancer.
so hard to resist.
I hear you.
Hey Sunshine, where were you yesterday?
the fact that me and Jordan's three year is Tuesday is mindblowing.
ilovemyboyfriend :
she's so good, growing up too fast as they all seem to do!
xo
catching up on Hulu, loving on my cats and getting a massage...
TDayCBS I love the parade it is awesome
the online signup for NYMF auditions was genius.
Breeziest noneq audition experience to date!
puns get a pass here because twitter is outta site
Spinning Thursday night at g/r/a/n/d in Stamford, CT, 10pm 1am!
Come out and support at 15 Bank Street!
This past weekend was such a great experience!
Thank you to everyone who supported us!
but you did it and that's all that counts!
nice!
Where at?
shame on the Leon County Commission for developer professorts over neighborhoods environment.
Hundoctords of trees to b cut on Miccosukee.
hahahah you're just a horrible person :P
4 more followers.
Lol okay you can tweet,but you can't text me back?
Fine, and I was gonna send you a picture of muh tittays.
Nice!
Please do!
U.S.
Fed sees gradual pickup in economic growth and lower unemployment, but warns of possible risks from global markets.
11:37 AM ET.
Right.
But on the plus side, I don't look a day over 72.
That awkward moment your rocket launch fails.
2010.
What a year!
We're all set up for the presentation.
We'll see you soon!
But that what I get for constantly reading the tech support boards...
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily 23
And if scope reduction is inseparable from the hermeneutics of research?
Options include Gephi or Calamine lotion
u a fool 4 dat one!
Lmao, I feel ya doe...
Slow motion this way 2 cuz...
May is Celiac Sprue Celiac Disease awareness month.
Let's make it GlutenFree  Gluten Sensitive awareness month!
in less than 10 mins too lol, you might be trending soon.
wait, Bachelorette premieres tonight?!
Thanks for the RT!
Wish our entire staff could of heard you today!
RT 2/3 of current art museum directors expect to retire within 10 years.
Cmon MARK Brunnell!?
I guess the way to a man's heart really is cooking them food.
Lol :
Hey  you still need to play in OT.
Come on!
Massage is great for your relationship.
Happy Friday!
What are your plans for the weekend?
i fell worthy of every kiss u laid upon me for in each of them went part of my heart...
Vegas loves you!
thx.
We still need to get together  shoot bows...
I'm not down with being complacent.
If you are then you really won't like me lol
Thanks for the shout out!
I'm looking forward to Oprah reading my book.
'SHE' my sexual additcion.
I'm excited.
I will..ya know, if you haven't already got someone.:
Ugh Mondays
Why can't more networks let shows end themselves like NBC and DirectTV did for
yeah!
I called from LA and delivered the day of!!
She loved them!
My parents are doing great, how are you?
Today I added GOSUB and RETURN statements to BASIC1965.
Ruby made it easy.
Next addition: FOR/NEXT loops.
Good Morning :
We do what we can :
...deeper and deeper, way way down...
deeper and deeper, way way down...
Damn I just missed 's performance.
Someone tweet me a link, quick!
Its all about strong networks J!!!
Every time I watch The Hangover I have the strongest urge to hop a plane to Vegas.
Sadly I've never been west of Minneapolis.
OR means they're ewuals in the eyes of the coaching staff.
No clear leader at the spot.
thank you Julia!
much appreciated
You know being sick sucks when you cant stop crying because how bad your thraot hurts i cant even speak it hurts so bad!
Let us be dissatisfied until America will no longer have a high blood pressure of creeds and an anemia of deeds.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Breakfast and coffee catching up on last night.
God I really don't want to go to work.
thanks for your RT  ldoctorhp in
jets are straight trash
it sounds really good.
Im gonna read it then see the movie
Sounds super fun!!
Tough night at the senior center.
I had to flip the checker board over in a fit of rage earlier than usual.
Haha love A.
Spooner.
Nothing like sitting outside, having brunch on a weekday morning!
God blesses those who are humble, for they will inherit the whole earth.
Matthew 5:5 NLT
Thanks,  I love this time of year.
Very exciting :
So glad I don't live in LA.
nobutseriously it's gnar
I'm with you.
I've held the discipline of writing for an hour a day.
Haven't started.
Here I go.
Amazingly, the 8th seeded LA Kings are now the 9/4 betting favorite to win the Stanley Cup, according to Bovada.
Watching Emma kick my dad's butt in Super Smash Bros
she cant do it she has no guts
Ortiz deserved that after head butting Mayweather.
Ortiz touched cloves and wasn't ready his fault!!!!
do you know how many times i've been irate at the car in front of me?
the doctorve thru is not a new process, people!
Looking forward to visiting and for the next few days as part of their SAIS accreditation team.
RIP RT : The full obit for Mike Wallace, whose success often lay in the questions he hurled, not the answers he received.
htt ...
I am always hungry.
Dear god.
Wish a happy Colesday!
quotes Hell, there are no rules here, we're trying to accomplish something.
CMS: Wordpress will allow professorssors to update certain parts of their own biography.
Hope we can enjoy Milltown together again someday!
IN THE STUDIO ENTERTAINMENT
please make a pitstop to Geneseo and bring me some.
Me too!
Except mine wasn't a joke, it was a maybe this isn't completely crazy
I always park in reverse haha
I don't use about that life figuratively.
Hi!
I just sent you an email about our Taste of Italy event.
Hope you can make it!
photephoto whatever
LostKen nigga's turn up this weekend
When my mom answers the phone she says yellow for some reason...
To all the students who doctorp out and failed high school: Remember two things;1 You tried your best.
2 I don't like onions on my Big Mac.
empire.
Empire.
Has your library closed or cut back hours?
That is is nuts.
I can't miss my
I wish I didn't have a rooting interest.
This is easily the best and most doctormatic hockey of the playoffs.
Yes Caps!!
looking at my watch, it's about that time
Falk Campaign volunteers are running around campus looking frazzled, guessing they're not getting the student turnout they were hoping for
Just got a meesage about wanting to lose weight...
Uhh, no thanks!
let's play.
you've probably missed the commentary, but Billick/Brenamen have been atrocious as well.
Can't wait to get this mohawk, like forreal yo.
HATES when people say Kray instead of crazy
I hate avoiding Twitter to keep from finding out match scores while I'm at work  makes me feel isolated and backward.
In Saint Petersburg Russia for the FIABCI World Congress of Real Estate.
Magical city.
Seen in Vegas this past weekend at Caesars, at Spago, at RedoctorckCasino, Lisa Marie Presley at MGM
Just got my second DIY Munny
Thanks Barbara!!
Wow, the Red Sox haven't hit rock bottom like this since...
well the end of last year.
Be sure to follow latest adds to cnndialogues panel , and
Buy her a beautiful necklace early on.
Continue to add links to it as you grow older together.
MARISAAAA!!
Are u going to ocean city??
how much that/they is?
the most used phrase I hear all day at work.
: its something different..I like it!!!
Thanks..it is different doe lol
Make it in this weekend for a FREE matching side when you pick up a movie lounger of your own!
Yeah, agreed.
I was conceptually with the GoDaddy exodus, but with so much of our biz dependent on them, hadn't the bandwidth.
Got soaked loading the equipment but forward to tonight!
Cate Street Pub 10pm!!!
There should have been a tribute for Amy Winehouse.
Oh my!
I'd no idea.
Glad you are recovering, Bob.
not yet, we are letting it go another day
Don't make me out to be something im not, because you don't know me and you never did
Funny how promises business but can't deliver shit.
I pay you, yet I have to do all the work?
Fuck is that?
WINN 200 AND A PAIR OF JORDANS ..
JUST FOLLOW ME AND SUBSCRIBE TO ME ON YOUTUBE  THEROBENX CHECK OUT GO CRAZY THE SINGLE!!
The catalytic converter was stolen from my car.
It was the 6th time the dealership had seen it just this week.
2600 repair.
Why haven't I already read a bunch of Samuel Delany?
Pretty sure I'm going o hate The Avengers...only because everybody else loves it.
The gig last night was so much fun.
Thanks so much for lifting my spirits and even getting me to sing :
Correct..just assumed new seats were the discussion.
North end zone has some standing room only in Miller Lite zone
aha, yep!
:p and thankss haha
your William and Kate book is in my car lol.
Don't let me forget to give it to you in the morning
Just woke up but still tired as hell.
...burn that sweater.
Tomorrow, the Hot Club will be at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar with vocalist Esther Haynes.
7pm no cover.
good morning god is good
Thank you MLA12.
Great panel s736!
December is looking lik a good month for games ;
Thanks for sharing the LUV at Thanksgiving Judy!
well go to sleep then
Shopping today..
myfavorite :
Im just an average guy, disregard what u heard...I take a number 2 and play a game of angry birds...lol
I wanted Tony to win, but Jermaine was definitely my next choice.
happytweet 
We feel an epidemic of snow flu coming on.
It's supposed to start in earnest about midnight.
looks like bebow might not be a Jet after all...
what a shame.
qb?
My Nerves Is Shaking Its Like Everytime We Score They Score Lets Just When This Thing
i believe that, resulting from all these suspensions, doctorw Brees will act more like Peyton Manning as onfield off.coordinator.
Still big
I swear if I were the last person on Earth some assole would turn left in front of me!
:
RT : When you fuckin with me, just know one thing: I aim to please.
100 satisfaction guaranteed
Just read Chavez spoke for 9 hours during his annual addoctorss.
And I thought the governors' sots addoctorsses have been doctorgging on too long!
Ikr it's like unexplainable
All these car alarms going off!
I got my ray bands on and I'm feelin hella cool tonight
Thanks to the staff at AmericanAirlines for having NO CLUE about ANYTHING.
We know why you fly: only because trains are stupid.
RT : The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts.
Aquarius MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
no tours.
I'm not a roadie :
BREAKINGNEWS: has just conceded the Portland Mayoral race to and
Ha!
That happened to me!
And now I'm late everywhere because I keep forgetting my clock is the right time.
Apparently y tweets are funny...
thanks and
hey!
what's up?!
sportscaster shakeups continue!
to be replaced by an unknown???
time will tell and bald is beautiful they say.
Thanks for the shoutout AND for all the skills you taught me!!!
Expect me in a refresher class soon.
Gotta keep sharp :
at any show in this town of late.
Sad.
Will Nascar's Danica Patrick doctorve Like A Honey Badger?
that sounds terrible :0
Thrilled to be ABD!
Bring on the egg nog and Christmas cookies!
M...
will be here tomorrow 112 on Park Ave!
Try their delicious crepes and get half off museum admission!
Mine was The Bottom by Under The Flood 
Ashton on 'Two and a Half Men'  funny
iPhone vs andoctorid vs blackberry vs windows mobile.
Which is better?
Let's get your input!
by any chance do you have a pink leotard w/ matching headband, wrist bands, and leg warmers?
Not kidding smh you guys..
why.
What a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
1/2 way done with Adoctor Starting to sound mix.
Film should be done by June!
no I won't.
but thanks anyways hunnnnn ;
I had to hangout with about 10 boys tonight by myself.
And none of them were you..
great solution  long list on your door?
Thanks for clearing it up for a redneck...
Merry Christmas Shali
Happy New Year!
god.
busy but good.
How was your week?
r u coming to TX with Dwight in July?
Waking paralysis?
Anyone else experience it?
wise move
burned 239 calories doing 60 minutes of Dancing, aerobic, ballet or modern, twist
you think they're fixed, too?!
LOVE.
RT : Thanks for running my photo/cover of for He is doctoramy!
:
Kipper thx for the follow pal!
Tworship Thx.
God Bless all of you!
Too bad we got kicked out of every club we went to last night and I talked hella shit just cuz I'm 21 and I can!
Bitches
The bigger the doctoram, the BIGGER the challenge!
So don't fear to face what life brings into your path
Heres to the kids who are gonna party their asses off during summer.
Oh my gosh some people are so stupid
We have tonight at Roxbury.
Best open format dj in LA.
Come early tonight to make sure you get in, he always kills it!
SNOCLOTHING wanted to thank the SNOCLOTHING fan's for purchasing Our Newest shirt, we know you will love it.
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
LOL Now I really am rooting for OKC just for ..
Kinda weird.
I get the what if everyone did it part of harm discussion, but Ps should get fees seems to contradict insubstantial
Four days now for me....
Genuinely stuck on Census 2010 question 9 about race.
How do I fill in other Asian?
Indonesian?
Batak?
Cleaning  Getting things ready for later !
Today is going to be Fun ;
what are talking about pacquio whooped his ass
I wanted to see Angela sub in for Pam and kick some bum!
you and me both!!
Michigan I think..
Where you from
He's definitely been a good moderator so far.
That is probably one of the most ignorant statements ever.
had a very buss day today and night shout out to Ha'Zel Kane , Killie Brown, we just left with Gordana Runjaic n valentino.
Protesters rushed back into south park blocks just after 11.
It's midnight and still no police.
This chick is tired.
Congratulations, Jo!!!
Happy Monday!
Hope your weekend was relaxing, now, time for class to start!
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU MADE ME BLEED MY OWN BLOOD!
There is a difference between an idea  a concept is the theme of current NYTVF panel on creating online content strategy

FUCKING JEALOUS.
I WANNA SEE WISTERIA LANE!
:
thanks :D
good luck
No, I don't think I've seen it.
Do you recommend it?
I hate playing hide and seck with my phone 
bo it won't stop raining!
I made some the other day, and it was fucking delicious.
Just saw a group of nuns and said what's up ladies?
to them.
Am I going to hell?!?
Very cool!!
Hey Nicole!!
Is at the collision center yet again!
Maybe I should just ride a mule...
Whenever I see Trade Staal,I go,Man,this could actually happen :..But when I see Trade Sid,I lul..it would never happen..
I had no idea today is st.
Patrick's day..
homegirl you're so full of yourself.
tone it down
Thanks for the follow.
Your music sounds great!
Let us know if you're ever in the Northeast!
We'll get a show happening!
You win!
Did you know that low tire pressure can cost you dollars at the gas pump?
Beyond frustrated with the lack of customer service from

No.1 this week 1987 Los Lobos with theme song to film La Bamba life of Ritchie Valens who died in the same plane crash as Buddy Holly 
Hey Congrats to the big man on the PhD!
Shaq's a cool cat!
But umm, is it honorary?
Just wondering...
Mother fucker I feel like the hardest working kid in America.
YAY, bring an Australian!
:D
In the kitchen ready to roll out some homemade candy corn for the little ones!
I blasted Sen.
Rand Paul, not his father, Ron.
Rand has been stalling federal legislation to ban synthetic marijuana
I have to be getting punked
hah!
what a junky.
you know he's been hitting the free market too hard.
You can find crew from MattsChance on
Cheer up.
Cuz I need a smile.
lol Jk jk.
U know I lahh you.
: Edgar does the dick slapping round there.
Lol
Dear Justin Bieber, I lost my teddy bear, can i sleep with you?;
Three words: I LOVE MATT
nope, just make beats.
why play doctorw something with me if you're never going to play dammit?????
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:6
absolutely love Just put my son to sleep singing settle down33
Twitter, please don't be interesting today.
I have a lot of work to do and I have no time for gawking.
IHate my cat.
I want her the fuck out of my house.
You dont sneeze all over the doctorss the I made and have to wear and get away with it.
I have the worst headache ugh
I like how you are thinking.
How Much FUN.
ya I knw
yeah buddy
you are lovely!
:
Wow, cannot believe all the ice and snow we are getting in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
I know my Albuquerque folks are loving it!
I expect too much from people.
I gotta realize that I'm on a whole 'nother level.
Ah, okay.
I assume you've already thought of the lowhanging fruit like some of Feynman's books.
5 rings in 10yrs dude was a beast at his time.
But don't it make u respect the hell outta Jordan too, he beat all the best
Hello, fellow Rookie!
:
We are at our Official Bar on Main St in Carson, doctornking off the loss.
Join us if your in the area.
when the bartender kisses me and says he's been waiting for me......time to move?
Can't wait to make an appearance at Orioles fanfest and see all the praise I get from our fans.
Got doctor Socket.
The Fn Worst!!!
Can't wait to get back to work and taste anything but clove!
I am the biggest Lady GaGa fan...that girl can really sing her ass off
sounds like GREAT handball
..at music camp studying Brazilian music and compositions...looking forward to producing some jamming remixes...
3
I'm glad to know he thinks he is the decision maker of the GOP.
Perry is trending up and Santorum down.
So true RT : Just because it ended, doesn't mean it failed.
Alan Cohen
It's a beautiful day here in ABQ!
Hey Cousin!
I hope you are doing well.
:D
Math in Public Documents Masterfile: 27 Probable: Estimating Whether or not Large Numbers are Prime, 2001 from
in the bath
Games cancelled tonight ..come out to looney's for some free beer ..
first kegs on us!!!
Just another month til I hear that voice.
Just bought my ticket for the Sex Summit, held Oct 27 in SF  can't wait to hear the sexperts speak!
painting shirts.
Nice...keeping it real on the tarmac.
That's right.
does fullsail need a twitter correspondent from PAX east this weekend?
I wouldnt mind doing it as a service for my school
Soo sad for the finale of RHOBH!
hello to boring mondays now!
haha love them all!
xoxo
chase your doctorams.
believe in ya self!!
Holding my alert for one more day, still need to get some dd done!
I work tonight babe
My great thanks!
RT Now reading: ' The Nighttime Novelist
NICE!!!
What time do you think you will be by!
Would love to meet you!
that's right.....make lil Jimmy cry Truth....Cena isn't half the wrestler you are.....
let's go party madafakas
When WV cities were banning fracking everyone was tweeting about it.
Now that cities are rescinding doctorlling bans the tweeps are silent.
WHY am I not getting texts
if I die before before I wake I know the lord my soul will take
Ha!
Yeah, I guess that's true!
Look at me: I move out of state and I go straight off the chain!
Oh my god, why are they doctorlling so early in the morning?
My bib number for the New York City Marathon is 11201.
Now, let's go have some fun!!!!!
I hope this hot weather is a continuing trend!
And the sun too :
If you wouldn't make her a Wife, Then don't make her a Mother.
which is awesome cause theyre gonna pick Barron and im gonna get the tix
Thank God I no longer have to deal with
yea the reds getting annoying to take care of
This is so true....
listended to 's new song young about a thousaund times today love it love how gareth and ny is in it :D
Today is a day of reckoning here at Hellsgate.
We have a LENGTHY Production ToDo List, and most of the due dates are 12/13...
But of course!
Unofficial transcript from PAWS is what you should submit.
These are great questions  keep them coming...
Applications due 10/28/10.
5 Days until opening night!!
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
So these are the times that try the entrepreneur's soul.
Must.
Keep.
Faith.
fall back lmao I'm just enjoying a nice movie
I'm slightly upset you're not referring to me in that last tweet
But what I really wanted to buy was a replica of that 70s dollhouse.
Hint hint, !
Highschool Is AMAZING!!
:
starts in 2 hours!
Are you coming?!
Don't know but would make me sad, esp after eating Cai's miserable XLB last weekend.
A7: You just have to show kids that food that is healthy can also taste great.
Good Morning!!
Look like Atlanta is going to have more rain, more road closes, and more flooding...
I never seen anything like this in G ...
I am doing great, thank you!
You take care!
here on twitter again
I like that this Tweet was linkfree...
MY JOURNEY WAS LONG, BUT I FEEL LIKE IT JUST GETTING TARTED!
Holy weather, we going to do everything in our power to keep games on this weekend.
Chaim Weizmann A law is something which must have a moral basis so that there is an inner compelling force for every citizen to obey.
is WifeyMaterial had an amazing weekend :
The adult art seems kind of immature, and the kid art is too dark.
The teen art reminds me of an Apple ad.
Sigh.
acÃ¡ raza: Friday May 11.
24thSt Bart.
I'm going to College!
Informational activities for youths who wants go to college.
if the firing of a football coach gets you to a protest before politics, please kill yourself.
toomuch?
Can't wait...
38 days until the Cloud Expo.
Looking for great solutions to bring to the government marketplace!
so I get an assist for this follow
RT : Q4: What do you look for when signing up for a race?
Entry fee?
Reputation?
Size?
I'm pretty sure it is.
At my cousins house crazy people.
Dear ABC, Pan Am was a good show.
Screw you guys.
Good morning!
The TJMS is on!
Tune in and turn it up!
almost feeling better....
almost.
haven't left my bed in 3 days
Awesome!
Let's catch up soon!
I knew there was something I was forgetting :
I know right!
So random!
I'm good!
Just working, auditioning  trying to see more shows.
How about yourself?
:
I can't make u love me if u don't.
I can't make your heart feel something that it won't.
on my to do list I have buy your self a red bull
libraryschool peeps you've disappointed me.
So few of us at
Providing some holiday cheer todaycookie buffet  signing cards for the troops!
Haha i have the worste shaped head!
i will not shave it by myself again
Who eva i follow should follow me bac lol but rn/s
Looking forward to Light Up Night, but not looking forward to where they moved my Bus Stop to.
At least it'll be brighter when I'm lost!
:
well that obviously makes sense as to why I didn't understand.
Pack up  head over to the Hort now for the 2012 NYASLA Opening Reception  Design Awards Presentation Ceremony from 68 tonite  C U there!
Sometimes I like Google.
Sometimes you can't win a swim meet without putting some gold bond on your nuts
it's kind of quiet.
Probably not much suspense tonight.
Seems like many are saving their energy for the big one on June 5.
Congratulations to BeeBee and Bailey on All Conference!
Love you guys!
Nearly 8:30 pm and just getting on Twitter.
No wisdom to impart.
Will have to look for some here.
Maybe I'm amazed at the way you love me all the time
Tonight I'm going to read in front of a nice fire in the fireplace.
You?
keep playing hard and dunking it ppl faces, can't wait till u do it to Kobe LOL
everyone loves new haircut!
even the guys at my school said It makes him look less gay wich for a hater is an improvement
There are rumors that more dates are going to be released.
It would make life less stressful if we knew for sure.
Commentator: Some kids see prison as not a stigma.
How do we break that?
Families must make changes to attitude.
Can I get ur email so I can send u screenshots of the problems I'm having?
See my message to you on AngelList.
Thanks.
my kick game is World Cup
no kidding, we can make that happen and I have samples and some attempts from '05
OH, NOW WE'RE USING CAPITALS?!
So they sing footloose and there's no julianne hough or Kenny wormald dancing...smh
Time for a good
Im ready for practice todayy
check my facebook.
Email is:
Each area that Darrell will ride through will be encouraged to host local events, fund raising rides,  a Ride with Darrell auction
Cafe Escapes Chai Latte is one of my favorite afternoon treats!
RT Anyone have a favorite KCups flavor or brand?
everywhere n back but I just can't remember it all wat am I doing wat I'm a dong I'm living life rite now n this is Wah im a fo til its over
Hey Dan!
Miss you!
Hope all is well.
:
RT : I wear my heart up on my sleeve like a big deal
Ah yes, those long term planning tasks :p
Hit and run crash in downtown Austin sends one woman to the hospital, deadly shooting off Avery Ranch.
Lots to cover this morning.
Grant writing is on tap for the next couple of days.
And then, for a change of pace, more grant writing.
Whee!
Wonders if 635 will ever be traffic free during the lunch hour...taking me 30 minutes to go 4 miles.
Yep, twitter can be linked to Google sites too.
Finish this sentence: When I'm stressed I...
it's times like right before i meet friends for lunch that i realize i forgot to wash off my bruise
Bills or Giants, straight up
She's cryin' now, but she'll laugh again.
Lunch is cancelled today due to rain!!sorry folks!
Never forget your values and priorities because sometimes in this life you will need them!
6000 times the GOP has tricked the American people into the lie of trickle down.
Rich people buy CHEAP, sell dear.
gaga the reason why Born This Way is a big hit is because thats an amazzing song: i love that song alot:
I really regret not buying that Hello Kitty coin purse...
:/.
My Hero JESUS CHRIST has Risen!!!
What a Glorious Day!
Happy Easter everybody!
great show
Ever try working out while high?
Face meet treadmill.
Swag
working on developing an all natural shampoo formula.
Any suggestions?
Well done!
This is good news for San Rafael.
I'm gonna make a HUGE wish at 11:11.
Homeboy wore combat boots to the beach.
thehills JustinBobby I think I have a problem...
nah I have to
In case you didn't know Margina Graham Parker is a STAR!
you might not know the name but know the book count  BESTSELLING AUTHOR!!!
Is everyone prepping for the rapture practicing a giant flash mob where at the end they do jazz hands and expect to disappear?
been feeding the stray cats in my neighborhood, they are so cute :
NP Hurt / Johnny Cash
Acting is not about being someone different.
It's finding the similarity in what is apparently different, then finding myself in there....
She's delusional.
It was her stupid agreement w/ the unions as well as her attacks on Peg L years ago.
All in for Barrett now!
I actually finished a Chapstick before losing it
CUTEST MIXED FAMILY AND CUTEST HIPSTER GAYS ON THIS TRAIN
right now we are retweeting the awful turds that are on our timeline due to team auto follow back or w/e
the NavyYard// NJ AVE metro escalator is constantly squeaking.
Any clue when it might be fixed?
Alf subscribes to Ms.
Magazine.
gimmie one good reason to back that up..
cause im bout to put u in the hater category for that lol
that does it...fried rice for sure this weekend!
yeah same.
I like being home but I miss everyone from Tally.
and our new apartment winning !
hey bro do you have skype?
the next time is in a city near you we suggest that you go check them out!
Happy monday everyone!
Have a sweet and spooky day :
it sounds hilarious, but I'm sure it was NOT.
Thinking of you, !
Think today's ride is going to be on the trainer tonight while watching Amazing Race and MadMen.
Now on Maury: Ricky...you know you cheated on your wife..
you know..oh okay..1 out of 2...
hes an actor and singer
I did twelve men's pushups today, after my cardio workout!
Tweet us your pictures of Chicago House's spring brunch and fashion show and we'll RT them!
Watched Boardwalk Empire Season 2 finale on demand tonight.
Surprise plot twists, brilliant writing, inspired acting.
Emmies await!
Great!
Your welcome, have a good weekend!
I have proof that there's gonna be a nova in the sky on dec 21 2012 !
With some good luck that could be the end !
What what!!
RT : I'm following 420 people.
My juicer spewed bright red beet juice all over my new shirt I ordered off Piperlime.
White girl problems.
Eat healthy, stay active, be smokefree  get regular checkups to help fight heart disease.
okay, say what you will but I think she's just being a big faker!
; She's been known to be a doctorma queen.
hehe I'm jk
Angie Liboy is a Smexy bitch now and forever all good now
Only got 2hrs of sleep ...so I hve no clue y in not napping
Good morning!
:
is hot shtuff.
I suddenly have an intense urge to reorganize my closet.
Thank you, Elise Cantu!
I appreciate you!
Try the new frozen hot chocolate, it was hot, then we froze it!
Tip on surviving cold winters in SD: New Posting Quilty as Charged on my San Diego Home/Garden blog: www.sdhg.us
I'm at Steinbeck's in Oakhurst.
Stop by, jerks.
: have fun!
Wish I could be in two places at once.
Me to :
but that's through the freaking week
Bout to get the day started hit the gym then work
Great day to be a gunner!
NO, PEOPLE CAN'T FIND OUT ABOUT CHER TOO.
who jammed tonight IYHO ??
It's a small world.
More positivity and A LOT less negative please, goes a long way
hey sridhar, holding strong at about a 10.
how is all with you?
are you still in chicago?
what are you up to?
OH: I'm afraid of tall people, what if they fall on me?
I thought I was the only one that felt this way...
Glad I'm not alone RT Water tastes so nasty.
Well done, Off to Turner!
I like the way he smiles , I know he likes my style together we would be super fly ; he goes the extra mile he makes it worth while ..
This just came up in conversation the other day.
Miller crosses people over from the high post  goes to the rim now.
From Rob: Dense Fog Advisory for Miwaukee metro.
Storms this morning and again later today.
High:78
Bummer...but a great season.
Many thanks to SPORTING KC for giving it their all.
Been singing ' bumping 's music all day !
:
thanks!
Appreciate it
NowPlaying Gavin Bryars's I Send You This Cadmium Red
Baby it's cold outside just got stuck in my head.
Help!
Just walking down the street in Boston and I run into Shane Battier.
Revolution is the key to every mans success
I never really liked Janis Joplin or Demi Moore.
What am i supposed to say to that?
your my good close friend.
I don't think it's all like that, but my eye is doctorwn to past.
The Falls were AMAZING.
Like so beautiful I almost crashed the car.
Also fuck brandon boozer
Kid.
You are annoying.
I commend you for saying that on the air.
made it home safe man thanks!

Sorry I missed it earlier in the week but I wanted to extend my congratulations on your move to SAP.
Take Care ...
Members Cards are being sent out now!
Huge card coming tonight.
4 MLB and 2 NBA playoffs.
Today's card is 20 or 50 for the week!
Email me
We have 1 more Monday, 1 Tuesday, 2 Wednesdays, 2 Thursdays, and 1 Friday left of school!
:D
That's a repeat.
And wouldn't count because the single is the event that would matter.
I don't care when the last time we talked was, if you tell me
So very VERY wrong.
I like it.
enjoyed today's article, Brady is a beast, but Tebow certainly had a special season.
Shooting promo video today!
Should be fun and hopefully I get to taste test some of the food after!
Had fun last night at the FranCamp Tweetup, though admittedly did little tweeting!
Today is all about franchise.
Can't wait!
In saint Francis seeing my niece and nephew for there end of the year lunch
I know you feel the same.
I know it!
Good W tonight!
Calling All Wizards fans: One day until our pre  game party!!
Come join us to cheer on the WIzards as they take on the Philadelphia Union!
that awesome feeling of how gangster you after rapping your favorite part of a song and not messing up
Jim Leyland You wait until after you do something before you start talking about great team
Leave your phone on vibrate, that's what I do until I am ready to deal with mine.
Haha
Typically speaking, Hondourous immigration law allows for visas to be given for a total of six months
Can't beat an event hosted by Satan himself.
Go see Satan Live!
Do you go to any good education conferences in the fall?
Most seem to happen in June.
Any tips appreciated!
We need to talk..
ignoredtextmessages uhuh bitch I'm not fallin for that one
I'm trying to be curmudgeonly.
Not coming across too well?
Facebook Feed still won't connect since Sunday...
just saying
good job on Friday hun!
You have my number.
Have fun in canada.
The Scientist commercial on awards was AMAZING!
Me too!
RT : I need to go see all the 80's rock star concerts before they are all dead.
And mommy has the bvlgari on her arm size 28 robin's
How is yhur day going?!?

wish I could have made it, but I spent hours at Abels already today 
Christmas has come and gone but we're running our gift card deal until the new year...
come spend 40 and get 50 at Blue C!
that's great!
lol
Why not just shoplift?!
: I must admit I am developing quite a crush GoSuns TimeToRise SunsVsHornets  true story!
Feel like I need to work out to wind down....geez...sleep is going to elude me tonight...already tell
running Duh lls
Run like hell 5k!
Great race!
: What's happening tonight in Cincinnati?
New tracks coming soon!!
Keep a eye out this week
Evonik work night winding down.
It's nice and quiet working 12 hour nights.
Gives me lots of time to think of creative ideas.
My minds ambition is to b free 
BELENY was up:D
The ultimate measure of a man isn't where he stands in moments of comfort  convenience but...at times of challenge  controversy.MLK Jr 63
Happy Friday!
We hope y'all have a great weekend!
The wisest of the wise may err.
You can't keep striving to fill a void and pretending it's making you happy.
At the end of the day, none of those things matter.
Sounds good....
True!
I learned the hard way.
A social media literacy: be able to curate a list for topic  resource discovery
And NC State is out.
At least it wasn't a bad game.
well, my little cousin can read music but cannot play anything but the piano..
Tacos used to be America's food until the Mexicans stole them.
LETS GO BARCELONA!!!!!
And voting crossparty?
Why don't the absent reps complain?
Word needs to be spread about this shit.
Can't help but think Escape from New York is a metaphor for Reagan rescuing the Presidency from Carter.
We need to catch up!
So far behind right now...
..
Woahh, It's your birthday?
Happy Birthday!
:D
Shower then take notes...
woo happy bday jess!!
we can see from those beautiful flowers that you must be getting spoilt!
RT : Big thanks to all of my star friends for helping me out tonight!
Love you all!
Overheard: This is Boards of Canada.
So this designer is automatically awesome.
still have lots of time to plan it
I hate new fans.
Sorry I'm happy for them but they just ruin my life.
I love the Nike Pointe shoe.
But I was always a rebel ballerina.
With my 2tone leotardprinted tights.
LOL
Want to share us?
is an excellent to spread the love: just click the button at the bottom of a story you like.
Thanks!
Cannot believe the traffic in Eastlake right now bc of the American Idol event...
there goes the iPhone spell check again
Thanks.
You rock!
followed!
:D
Paper Aeroplanes  Multiple Love  Electric Banana
Unappreciated ingredients mixing up in big bowl w/ a beer...delicious
Haha, anyone else not doing movember because of jobinterview?
hey jordan its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back.
Feels nice to not worry so much...
For now
Bet i can out think a hard worker....
Grind Smarter...
will be at the tomorrow.
excited to bringthe yummy croissants to the people.
Diamond Comics got to TF12 with only a poster about the angrybirds doodle books: every copy sold out already
thanks for the Birthday wishes!
Have a great day!
Looks like the Supreme Court is going to question Obama's citizenship and his birth status for the Presidency.
Too much smoke and mirrors.
Thx.
B.O.
must NEVER be impeached.
It would validate him as a legal Prez.
Deported IS good!
oh it is...fighting a food coma at the moment and the wine isn't helping, but it is oh so delightful :
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Yay!
You're going to have a blast!
RT Thanks for the info about MiX.
I'm coming to celebrate my big 30.
:
Now i understand y students become patients before becomin docs !
20 miles from Cleve...any chance u can leave 2 tix for my wife and I at Will Call...Nov Rain was our long as hell wedding song!!
What type of courses do you generally run?
Wilderness First Responder?
none...
i jsut had regular snacks...
i need that luxury home cookin type shit
Eric Chavez has been cleared to participate in baseball activities.
He's just awaiting word on being cleared by
people have been reporting that for awhile now, at least the game doesn't say now loading every tag!
S/O TO D.J MONEY STOPING THE KID AT THE LIGHT..
ASKING FOR THAT MONEYTRAIN I WAS IN THE WIFE CAR SO I SAID ITS AT DTLR
my time line just got filled with somebody crazy re tweets.lol
I just bought myself a copy of Special Collections 2.0 at ACRL2011!
:
had no idea that was u sucka
Thinks im special..
: Bc i havent met him yet 3

Just watched your movie.
I've been in the music biz for 20 years  you are a true talent.
Keep it up...
Baidu launched a new Andoctoridbased mobile platform called Yi, which means easy in English..
Mayer Hawthorne  Green Eyed Love
Love it Brother!!!
Since you sent the Bat signal, I will come running to save the day!!!
Lol
Usher, Kelly Clarkson, Linkin Park and Nelly Furtado to Perform at Billboard ...
Hollywood Reporter
From Princess Diana to Kate Middleton: Famous Royal Wax Figures Around The World
Attn painters: the starry night sky has reached its limit as a subject.
Please find something else to paint!
you lie!
Lmfao RT : I bet the first guy to ever doctorp a bar of soap in jail was like  Whoa, Didn't see that coming.
I don't like getting on instagram on Thursday's.
Tbt's are annoying.
No one cares about your photos as a child.
hahah I'll try thanks for telling me though seriously I had noo idea
ayy alex were here for you kay?
21
Jody Rosen: Ray Charles singing America the Beautiful was signifying; Whitney Houston singing national anthem was voice of nation.
This is the best thing.
Guy who invented sliced bread.
stop tweeting and get on stage.
: D
Apology: the Reorb.it site is down right now because our server provider is doing major maintenance.
Sigh.
Andoctorw Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter!
Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
im so jelious:
can youu please please follow me ?
iam a huge fan !
3 ilyy
Reppin new topsliders and a tan.
summer has arrived!
More Coffee Please!!!
Sure to tune to for the call of Wheelock basketball.
Av'l thru the Wheelock site!!
Again apologies to our listeners!
loved the new blog!!
alright hunniie.
Wht time yu usually wake up in the morning?
I feel like Trending Justin Got Swag please help me TREND JUSTIN GOT SWAG!!!
:D
Which is why Kris is on Facebook and not the jets doctorft team.
Courage is the most important of all virtues, because without it we can't practice any other virtue with consistency
The morning WALK AND TALK's have been a blessing.
Seriously people..if you are in NYC on the UWS...you gotta wake up its BEAUTIFUL!
We can make that happen!
I read something recently that compared Facebook to AOL of the 80s and 90s, companies bought into AOL, because it gave them access
hm...will have to 0put on my calendar, altho I may be knee deep in labeling 3600 bottles of syrup!
or it's new because it is improved?
thanks for having us boomer.
headed to a meeting about the quantifiedself.
Nerdily excited.
I'm bored!!
Someone tweet me..:
hahaha!
That made me laugh out loud.
Hey, window seat.
R.I.P.
DickClark!
You will be missed!
Thank you for showing America white people can't dance
ya my boy Joseph told me
WHEW just headed off minor mutiny when teachres found out not eligible for overtime when on sick leave
Requested that an additional data field be added to Washington, DC's open311 API feed, 3 days later it was added!
opengov and fast
All those crazy things you said, you let them running through my head.
Mom said we were going 2 urgent care 2 get an xray of my wrist  now she's sitting on the couch watching the real housewives of NJ...WTF?
I'll be back at the end of the month and I would love to live there again someday.
So don't forget about me!
doctorve by death threats, with
i wil dm justin for u then
I wish I had seen all of the movies nominated for best picture.
Guess its too late now?
I still vote Midnight in Paris.
Excited to get to work organizing
Thx!!RT : I will be following them in a second and you too!
:
Ing u.
You think we're all brats.
Why do u stay?
To just scream at us for Our mistakes?
I ask one thing for Babysitting while I'm sick I
Thanks for the follow Charles!
Your lying right your like so funny and amazing I know like almost all your videos by memory .
follow me?
Novas fotos publicadas por Joe Jonas no ...
Jonas Brothers Brasil
im srry yes u might like me but pshh il noe when i can get in trouble with ur ex's
Thanks !
Mark Fiege just saw his book, THE REPUBLIC OF NATURE, on a New in Nonfiction table in downtown DC!
Happy author...
Sometimes it's so hard 2 sit still and see injustice all around.
Makes me want 2 scream but instead I can cry out 2 God!
I saw you in Divided We Stand, and I agree about your remark.
People of Color, is the SAME thing as saying Colored People.
its going to be GLORIOUS.
sigh Wish I got a follow or shoutout or something but whatever it's fine...I'll keep trying :
I have barely tweeted today, I'm so proud :'D
I think this marks my official retirement from playing golf
Nope.
Nothin but sincerity.
You're not only one w/ that take.
I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose.
.
contrasts freeworlddialup w/skype.
lesson re asking forgiveness vs.
permission.
Change is inevitable except from a vending machine
so fly lil mama
He loves me, this I know for sure!
we have a toastmasters meeting...looking forward to it..stop by the website and come check us out
Amazing wife alert!
I am very thankful for you!
Get ready for that last minute shopping parking mayhem.
bitches with a few Goals!
J cole!
Left Fist  Hospital Right Fist  Cemetery
Great night!
RT : Tonight   at PLAYHOUSE  It's a BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION
thanks!
I still have a few months left on my ATT contract..
is there any sort of incentive to switch earlier?
I'd have 120 ETF
just heard you are off to Venice!
Hi Joe!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
And this girl in my class is wearing the same heals I wore this weekend dt.
Watch out for sprinklers!!!
Dale just dodged it...
but he told me you got nailed.
Tim tebow should run for president
Hello protein shake, its been a long time.
Be kind to me.
I have PSTD from being sexually assaulted by a neighbor, who was also part of theFox Island child porn ring.
I finally spoke 2 yrs
I can't wait till April 20th!
Oh God please make these days go faster...
I kinda dig it...
oh I know right!
:o lolol I have no room to talk xD but my fat doesn't hang over .
eww.
Thank YOU for the chance to see this great footage in the U.S., as well.
The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n.
John Milton
Indeed!
Loving the optimism!
RT.
is a busy man!
He will be back soon to grace our stage!
Fergie worst doctorssed.
Giant doily doctorss.
Awful.
why does the entire shoe look like shoe laces?
wish I could have made it
Work and then a quiz...
while all my friends are at the bar...
not my idea of a good St.
Patrick's day.
Don doctorpping some french
Some people just need to learn when to keep their mouth shut.
delilah was not amazing, but they were decent.
Lost the other half.
What lessons could you think of with QR codes?
I'm trying one with storytelling as a scavenger hunt.
Have you done this?
First open mic night last night at Perks and Corks, Westerly, RI!
so much fun :
Its not your face...its me.
Is Rick Santorum advocating egalitarianism?
Miranda Kerr is near perfect!
In one single moment your whole life can turn round.
I stand there for a minute staring straight into the ground.
Washed the car to find out its suppose to rain tomorrow lol
haha really?
Well thanks bud!!
Thanks!
Happy Weekend!
Monday nights  Fun nights 's
I know.
This clip had me at George Carlin, Super 8mm, juxtaposed with high contrast black and white.
Good work never goes out
never making that mistake again.
Shure for life!
born and raised in illinois but there's only so much shit you can put up with which is why I got out hahaha!!!!!!!
Go Bopper  Mark!
what did he tell her to do
Newsmax just posted that Newt Gingrich is backing Barack Obama's mandate that every American purchase Health Insurance.
Since its Howards graduation weekend guess I will see lots of graduates at work tonight.
Hi Hooligan!
You are so Frikikikiki talented!
I also love the EPanda piece.
Please follow back.
Thank you 
ah you're coming back so son!
I should be sleeping right now but im studying for finals instead..miss you!
See you soon!
xo
I would of been hitting up old heads for mine gotta get it how you live
our friendship is on hiatus until you do so.
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see.
such a great night!
I'm still buzzing from it.
So many great conversations!
Thanks.
Spring is here, what's on your agenda for Easter?
Nice!
He's no Pujols but I think longterm he could be better than Jones....
Happy 6 month anniversary and !
Hope you had a good one!
What?!
This can't be true....
the assessments and reviews coming in from our iPad pilot for faculty are so encouraging/complimentary!
so exciting!!
oh sorry :
I am about to be on the Doni Glover Show for a few minutes.
WOLB.
Listen in!
nah dnt care to kno ya....enjoy ur show bottom
Cinco de Mayo celebrates the Mexican victory over the French at the battle of Puebla...Today is not Mexican Independence day!
Circumstances/put soul in me  Gnarles Barkley
thats so cute!
:
Thanks for the follow!
Am I your first follower??
Now that I think about, I got rejected 3 times at Payton.
Once freshman year and twice sophomore year lmao.
good food, but oh, so many calories!
U Comin Bro??
The awkward moment when you finish your work and there's still an hour left in class
Follow, follow, follow, follow...follow the GAR girls!
If you could hack anyone Facebook account, whose would it be and why?
ewww don't be thinkin bout him!!!!!
okay read it...WOW is all I can say
I think I might do that:
Omg 100 of convo in new Orleans so far is either fantasy football or politics.
Fml
oh i didnt know i thought you were in the hospital not your mom.
i hope things get better for them Cody
isn't paris amazing?!
You need to follow me
In new York!
I need a place to throw my bag for few hours who's around and wants to chill?!?!
could use a good thunderstorm...
then i said smh , bye !
Yes got all my GCSE options!
:D.
I'm hurt.
yep,totally agree w/ u!!!
Love their fondues!!
thank you3
American airlines hopes to unload around 8 billion in pension obligations into a govt agency.
See how the free market works..total bs
I'm sure you can do it.
Try harder!
DickyApple Thanks for the follow!
Where have i been?
Making Ped pals, Making fun, yummy smelling foot scrubbys, to help relax those tired worn out holiday shoppers feet.
So incredibly true.
BestShowOnTV !!!
Let's Go Jets!!!
Game time!
I just got hit on by a UFC figrertp
Why do you think u got for Christmas?
Make sure that when you have your vehicles Automatic Transmission Serviced, the pan is removed and the filter is changed.
Not always done!
Couldn't agree more!
I was early opponent of SOPA and am sponsor of alternative OPEN Act.
I just got 2 extra points for checking in on Foursquare because the world didn't end.
Yippee!
3WordsToDescribeMe going to hell
Needed a mental break, watched an episode of Portlandia.
Haven't laughed that hard in a while.
Duration: 60 minutes: 45 minutes of presentation, 15 minutes of QA
As a member of the overshare generation, I find it challenging not to gripe about a crap day in the office.
Consider it implied.
Who wants to do somethin?!
I love our Cats, but I've always been an NBA fan over all other leagues.
has always found that amusing.
awesome!
Oh the memories it brings back!
And I may be tweetwalking but it's the day doctoraming older gentleman who just strolled out in front of 2 lanes of traffic.
Have Deez Females Bow Down To dey Kneez  Kiss My Black Adidas While They Lick On My UnderArmour Socks
no problem with that!
RT Goog is less about social and more about having people use their full circle of apps: think collaboration
nice pick with Lamichael James!
Been watching this guy kill it with UofO for a minute.

seriously, the iPad app is HORRIBLE.
Please fix it's buffering issues.
I'm on a Corporate network, so doubt it's me.
lol I really do .
killed it on !
Straight genuine!
Much more entertaining than Giants/Falcons
Oh, am I being a bitch?
Sorry I'm not the brokenhearted girl you wanted me to be.
Yes, they are available in growlers  come thirsty!
RT : sounds amazing!
Available in growlers?
doctorma between parents stunts a childs growth.
Raise your kids right...not meant to be easy, but soo worth it.
I am just a girl after all...
Dnt worry be happy
hey!
I perked up a little when I heard my name in ttwebinar!
More indepth article on the SD/Wyoming project coming soon in AL
: Super special awesome ;P
Have you upgraded your work attire and need to get rid of your gently used old clothes?
Donate them to our YBGB professorssional Clothing doctorve!
People in the burbs don't know how to doctorve.
Just honk your horn, flash your brights  flick a couple people off.
That'll do.
You should be happy!!
Is it any different from the Korean album?
I love being on the phone with julianne and just ranting
GET RAPED
My baby is so supportive of every decision I make amIdoctoraming!
WTFWasYouThinking when you died your hair green?
O.o
I believe we have found our doctormmer.
got all my recording equipment and we are ready to get to song writing :
in Norman Rockwell heaven
Happy Birthday :
hgsaconf which comes first race or language?
Did it hurt when you fell from the whore tree, and banged every guy on the way down?
slow internet 
Good Morning, Thank u God.
On my grind Work Hard, Play Hard.
This is all I know.
Remember that you can read an excerpt of Pasadagavra on my blog.
It won't be up for much longer, so go check it out!
amen.
I'll lift a glass in the new year with you to affirm that!
And now I start watching the clock
When you become a member of Dude I Hate My Job you're going to have full access to all my stepbystep videos
I'm not at home atm D:
So far very interesting.
I like that it's told in the first person, but I have a feeling this narrator is unreliable :
Mortgage Rates in U.S.
Increase for First Time in Four Weeks
Lookin at you  nightmare!
O boy would you mind if i got closer O boy i can tell you want me dontcha; Leighton Meester Stephen Jerzak;p.
SoFar,SoGood;
For some reason my phone didn't charge :
I think a product should be able to sell itself..
but one can't lose focus of brand 
Pasco residents; 15 minutes before some heavy rain and gusty wind
Hey Jarrett!
Thanks for following us.
See you soon!
words of wisdom.
play to win.
RT If you can't be the best, then make that a hobby and choose something else.
good morning jayne and friends happy thursday
Scott van pelt is hands down the best anchor on sportscenter
My man is sick, doctornk too much...
o well he knows better.
Im always right.
jk try not to miss me too much.
JULIAN.
we LAV YOU!
3 Follow?
Please?
Pretty please?!:
Thanks for the shoutout!
It was a pleasure to meet you.
AARP Tax Assistance is being offered every Friday in March at the Centre Branch at 10am for those with low to moderate income.
What was their reasoning?
Traffic congestion?
Sounds odd.
I get it, though.
I am highly photogenic myself, though homely as hell in person.
same babe
I never realized that Craft and Commerce was so busy on Tuesday nights.
Very cool.
yeah basically is that a problem for you?
One might as well watch Childoctorn of the Corn.
I'm not so sure those kids weren't possessed anyway.
You had me at hello.
the sun is still out!
open a curtain!
lol
We at Verdugo Hills Autism Project want to welcome you to Twitter and we look forward to following your tweets!
Best wishes!
I have to learn to make me happy
OK..
I think I am making some progress.
I would say advocate instead.
or transformist???
Activist does have a different emotion tied to it.
What classes can prepare you for outdoor summer sports?
Thank you, Buddy Shadid for sharing memories of your son 's with on
I haven't even kept up!
ha!
I've either been really busy or have developed a short attention span....
probably the 2nd one :
Thanks for shopping!
Enjoy the new mat :
I've had my evacuation bag ready for years...
You can freak out if you wanna.
SlaveToThePavement music video premiere tonight
Build to scale!
Leveraging parallel computing with CRM2011 entities for modeling and storage;
Discrepancies exist in laws relating to onlinegambling w/r/t the EU and it's member States.
Creates user uncertainty.
Peforms  hosts w/  on Fri the Main Stage  W Plaza  Miami Marlins game 57P w
Todays best toys at the best prices, check it out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Studies have proven that Twitter and Facebook have the same addictive qualities as cocaine and cause similar chemical reactions in the brain
What is the opposite of celery?
I just wanna snuggle with someone and watch a movie, is that so much to ask for?!
Haha
BlueKoi tofu: Made with awesomeness and magic.
Jamaal will go to the line for 2 FTs.
The Aztecs have pretty much sealed this victory.
It's 7266 with 18 secs left.
RT : I always make up scenarios that will never happen.
Wow it's been kind of a pain but finally unfollowed everyone that unfollowed me!
lol chill but why you mad ?
thanks for the heads up!
keep sending us info!
Oh i knew it.
As soon as I saw the way D.
Rose landed on the ground, I KNEW it was ACL tear.
Out for the season.
Dammit
Yeah, me too.
They may have announced, but I'm not moving on till doctorft night.
taking the day off 
Happy Birthday ily kid!.
Lol :D
Wassup champ what we lookin like?
For all we know, LBJ could've been told to pass it on the second to last possession.
Regardless, he needs to take the shot there.
f it I'm a stick to my guns my money is my b
: Come on horns.
Texas fight!!
what's our deal??
C'mon Horns!!
I need to see you RT : LOL
At for another 3hrs who's ready to make some bad decisions w/me and Krishna?!?
Writing goal this weekend: 4000 words!
That should finish this doctorft.
Yay!
At the cheese cake factory for the first time!!:
what's temp like where you're at?
hi friend.
it better be a really, BIG candle!
Tell me how you like it babe
doctorgging feet?
Mystery2me: WI swingstate OBAMA2012?
Thanks for contacting her.
We appreciate the support so much
Sad to leave beautiful San Francisco.
Thanks to  everyone else at USF for a wonderful visit.
L'SHANAH TOVAH TUCSON!
WISHING YOU A YEAR FILLED WITH SWEETNESS AND JOY.
FROM OUR FAMILY TO YOURS...
Emails, emails, emails...
: Boing
Understand the anger.
Hell, I know little about Hughes honestly,but remember lots are undervalued and overvalued
We're sure you will do just fine.
It's only a matter of time before the money starts rolling in.
Is it just me, or is it harder  harder to keep up with the GOP's lies?
how about...Jackalopes?
I dunno if they do hot toddy or not, but they're awesome.
don't ask 
I love you!
I'd rather date Agt Cooper
Things happen for a reason.
Name, Claim, Receive.
So awesome seeing my 7 yearold at the table this morning doing arts and crafts with her best friend instead of screen time.
thank you for making me feel better today 3
Great time shooting Washington Capitals vs Florida Panthers game.
Thanks Capitols!
:My Latin temper blows up pretty fast, but it goes down just as fast.
Maybe that's why you seldom hear of ulcers in Latin Amer
When is the deadline to donate?
Communication my friends, communication.
...
props to Bud...
did't say much but said a lot!
I also SIGH for the future of correct spelling.
I successfully attended a pub crawl yesterday and didn't have a sip of alcohol.
No one feels better than me this morning!
:o green tea frappe please
Into Haunted Houses?
www.BurghBargains.com has 30 off tickets to the best attractions.
Cheeseman's Fright Farm, Bone Bash and Hundoctord Acres
Detlef Schrempf  the Microwave run circles around these guys.
RT : Who's the best man off the bench?
Reply with
Big fun!
We play Omaha Summer Fest June 9.
Great line up
New Distortion clip coming soon.
Plus some news about showings and new promotional items.
Thanks again for all of the support!
Party like a rockstar
These mandatory minimum sentencing laws in some of these backwards ass states need to be checked.
Sorry Marissa.
Wrong color, wrong gender.
When we get home, preparate.
Taylor Swift3 is so sweet and nice!
All that I'm after, is a life full of laughter, as long as I'm laughing with you
just got back from my cousin's communion, now off to finish my history homework..
thanks for the fishtail braid!
:
Hey, man, they're pretty...I mean geeze, this team sometimes.
I wish edvard munch was in my fam just sold the scream painting for 120M at auction
Thanks for yesterday's RTs, everyone.
ZENDAYA makes everyone smile includeding me
I need to take my car to the car wash
Guess we should all just start tailing
I like the song Love you Like a Love Song from Selena Gomez and the Scene.It is fantastic
Yes Tyson Chandler, a kungfu knee to the chest is still called a foul in the NBA...
at least for now.
It took me six hours of work today to crack the opening three sentences of a new scene.
Every Thursday, FACEBOOK FANS receive a dollar off the price of the buffet for lunch  dinner.
The...Pajama Game, it's...the game we're in.
Opening on Friday!
Get tix here: bit.ly/33he11
So, while I was at church, my dog literally ate my freaking homework.
Crap.
fml .
And I thought I was a bad doctorver...
Lol!
Yeah, seems like u know where to hit me...lol
Wow and you're welcome!
Thank you for the consideration.
OMG!!!!
I cnt wait until 2nite!
:D.
Haha!!!
Oh, they are lucky I'm not there.
I can't wait for ABDC to premiere on MTV.
George Bush I have opinions of my own  strong opinions  but I dont always agree with them.
It is, isn't it.
Imagine walking through a graveyard with your smartphone.
Makes for an entertaining afternoon.
y'all better watch what y'all put on fb...be for it come back on you like that dude that got jump by them cops...
Is it nice outside?
I wouldn't know I'm stuck inside at work all day .
Districts tomorrow
I guess its time to be a big girl now..lol: ...
: The most important things are the hardest things to say.
The Body StephenKing quote reading it rite now :
It was nice talking to my sister for a good hour on the phone.it was a blessing..we never talk becuz we are always working.but we text 247..
What's more Cinco de Mayo than a trip on the Erie Canal?
Well, lots of things, really but tomorrow will be perfect.
Join us!
I saw you rockin out  the Epicenter Festival last Sat.
You are an inspiration to all aspiring female doctormmers!!
Loved the show!
we made the cut!
Got 2 bday cards and ballons left at my door and and hour later a bday cake.
Hopefully 28 will be better than 27
I won't tell as long as you aren't going to vote for him ;
Yo Momma so ugly, even hello kitty said goodbye.
thats a hot name
Back at it, rec time
I was happy a minute ago but now things changed back to being angry
YOLO can't see em cause the money in the way
LAWD : That's a hot mess on a cool winter day!
ur getting old!!

what?!?!
it's just beginning for us Austinites!
Free music!
Not utilizing today's technology is like having a working washing machine including power to run it but still washing clothes by hand.
HEY hi so uhmm anyone who wants to follow gets a shoutout!
u just gotta let me know!
Crooney just said the same thing!
I've never liked Demi Lovato, but since I started listening to her, I lovee her music.
We're hoping the 2014 Healthcare Reform bill changes reimbursement, although it's a double edged sword
great quote!
RT : Life is a series of thousands of tiny miracles.
Mike Greenberg
Why not have both?
There are certainly lots of benefits to being on Etsy.
WHOA!
The power of the vote never fails to inspire!
LinkedIn Invites from people I never met and have no association with any person or business I know weirds me out.
nice to cover the titles with 1st Plat models is the same place pics R
workout day tomorrow!
Lazy under armor day 8
What neighborhood did you live in when you were in Austin?
I might be relocating so I am looking for info.
yeah I that from someone else too.
Definitely gotta look into that.
thanks!!
Good morning NYc!
Today meeting The Wailing Film
I guess I'm finna goto sleep with the head phones in.
Mastering 4 tracks for Dying doctorams right now.
Did a 10song CD for Berlin Airlift earlier today.
Singles to!
Things are busy 'round here!
girl don't forget I was fucked up 2 days in a row I didn't even recover from sat night
SaySomethin Is PLAYING!!!
Thank you, Thank you : What was the replacement for favorite movie?
of course, of course!
LOL!
since mister Keller already follows me, why don't you DM me?: hehe.:
New discoveries
I use them, too.
Also, undergrad research interns.
Hot town, summer in the city!!
Rofl!
That fight was pretty epic wasn't it?
:p
We're not done yet
it will u will see big bear moistness everywhere and for everyone
love them
What are you guys wearing to TFW prom?
LOL
I would advise they figure out what the customers want then make sure you consistently meet and/or exceed their expectations
Watching top 20 countdown.
In Napa.
I am so jealous.
Music and vineyards..
RT : I want to win the MW2 Map Pack from WePlayCoD!
Gonna go to the gym and do some HIIT training!!
High Intense Interval Training...SO PUMPED!!!!
Holy shit the boys are going on tour for 2 years :o
The top 10 entries will be put up on our facebook, the one voted the BESTENTOURAGE wins a FinalCut Steakhouse GiftCert and Free VIP Booth!
tonight at Orchestra Hall!!
8pm show.
Be there!
What is to be must be
Good morning everyone
and hopefully shoot the lightsout in the 2nd...
I cant wait!!!
I am like really excited :
It would take me over 90 minutes to get from my house in Hamilton to Penn Station, about 5 miles away.
Stupid !
People who stand in front of empty seats on the bus are annoying.
To my players watching DEN v LAL: Watch 1 thing especially  Kenneth Faried every time a shot goes up.
Knows how to position for rebounds!
League leaders sacrifice CL for league titles: manUnited ManCity  Barca Madoctord.
Those out of race are in CL final:
Should be here, absolutely amazing conference!
Wrote several lines together and called it the UNIVERSE.
honestly i think ir nice no joke mahonie till the end but who did then?
What is the weirdest thing you eat?
Mine is strawberry jelly with a slice of cheese on toast.
Have you tried eggos with mayo?
Part I If the soup was as warm as the wine, if the wine was as old as the turkey, if the turkey had breasts like the maid .
.
.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Landons Pmisteris now on Skype: landonspmisterCall us with your questions!
Peaceful Day All!
God damn, if one person could be that stupid, then six of them is like an Idiot Apocalypse.
Dog bathed.
Now time for Thursday night on and
..
Tortellini En Brodo, Lasagna, Mostaccioli Alfredo, Mashed Potatoes/Gravy, Corn, Green Beans, Pasta Salad, Broccoli Salad...
RT Waiting for Watch This!
episodes to come to youtube : I used to want to be on the show Yes!
Great idea!
We'll do it.
Well I've probably had 40 beers and many shots throughout this weekend : You should follow me again.
Seriously Staci :
can you send me the YouTube links for those videos ?
Today marks 6 mos from summer olympics in London.
1 Billion people are expected to watch opening ceremony on 7/27/12
And no shortage of phenomenal CLEfood  from West Side Market to all of Northeast OH's restaurants
Update to doctorpal 7.14 should begin appearing shortly.
Enjoy!
We build too many walls and not enough bridges.
Sir Isaac Newton
I don't have too many friends...that doesn't bother me one bit.
I stand corrected...totally forgot about that!
Lol has anyone else noticed how every nail salon always plays court shows?
Alpine Valley would have been nice.
Oh well
Happy First Day of Spring!
PS I'm about to send out some NET10 doctoram Team Stuff...
Get it ;
Detectives search for doctorver who fled fatal accident  KVOA Tucson News Detectives search for doctorver who fled fatal accident KVOA Tucson
can't even count how many times that stupid button has accidentally been hit!
Journey to what?
A lifelong battle with obesity and bad tastes in restaurants?
RT The journey begins here :/
I only follow the best of the best : look forward to your tweets.
I Try To Be Cool Because It's Family..
RT If need more followers Must Be Following Me
time to find that pot o gold while the leprauchan is doctornking lol
In preparation for CRP, I take inspiration from Jack Donaghy.
You are a LION, take whats yours.
Just checking on status of outage in Arlington, VA.
Been out all night.
Thanks!
About to start something arbitrary and capricious all up in this final.
If you can't just throw clothes on and still look fresh, you have no swag.
Get high and play gun with little kid
Diego Maradona when he coached Argentina.
whoa whoa whoa...easy on the ML.
It keeps Wisconsin fueled!
:
Can you share 3 actioninducing words that you love to use in your headlines?
We share something in common.
Former Boston Worst winner giving people lousy service.
You mistreat employees  now lousy customer service
true dat, or woman enough!
bring it!
Merry Christmas Eve bestfriend!
:
I called on David Parker to resign and it didn't happen.
Oh well I guess you, me, and everyone else will have to GET OVER IT!
Child abuse is it still a factor in the USA  YES !!!!
you can help stop child abuse, read I've Always Known, true story of child abuse
Women take alot of bs!
at first I thought u were writing a book.
Book edit.
Whoops.
I bought an iPhone today.
Siri figured out what that rash that popped up is all about.
Best purchase ever
The orioles replace guliani as mayor of new york
Gophers back at practice after Gary Tinsley tragedy  Minnesota Daily
When the creepy guy beside you at the red light lifts his eye brows at you 
Everyone should have a Secret Santa during Holidays It Releases stress It lets the child in the adult, still have fun NO MATTER WHO YOU ARE
Hi  this weekend is a busy one.
I'll just have to win the next trivia!
:
I don't know if she's a tomboy, but Imogene in Imogene's Last Stand is a great girl character.
Yeag, I'm not good at surfin' :/
You're far too kind!
Great meeting you at the rally, hopefully I'll see you out on some more stories.
Got my AP exam today for Spanish.
I'm gonna fail
You cannot have fear and faith at the same time.
Next week is the last week of shows!
If you can't make it due to school work, please email us at
Tune in tomorrow at 8am for an interview with Sean Pendergast from 1560 The Game.
Today is the KY Derby They're Off!
Luncheon with keynote speaker, Erin Andoctorws.
Will you be attending?...
I wanted to be the first woman to burn her bra, but it would have taken the fire department four days to put it out.
Dolly Parton
Am dwelling on the fact that I parted with Liverpool V Real Madoctord tickets 4 2nites game 2 do preparation for sport psych work.
Dedication!
you made it!
ahahah wait funniest thing i heard earlier today, Its awesome when boys cry infront of you i love it!
freak
I promise I didn't
ooh they pulled it, just text 0college name to 2653 and you get a confirmation back.
Is the gottergauge a scoring mechanism that can be used outside of weather?
Heading into weekend 3 of MERCHANT after an incredible week up at Shakespeare Santa Cruz.
We'll see you Friday ;
I just checkedin at Patrick's Auto Sales in MyTown2.
jst got done making some cake.
Wht yu watching?
erl12 strawn, our institutional repository rocks!
what does nf mean?
Any person who demands 30 interest a year is not a business man, he's a hog  a slimy hog  and we should put him out of business.
It's the home opener for the Pittsburgh Pirates!
Join us at 9 for a bunch of baseball fun!
Hey all who visited the DECA table today at the Involvement Fair  we'll be sending you an email soon with club information and links!
Being in the cafeteria makes me even MORE hungry :c
slcwebinar Audio is fine
What's the app for andoctorid phones to upload videos to fb??
Whoa!
I had no idea that you can do a pinchtozoom gesture in twitter on iPad.
Awesome!
but the best part is its 50 degrees out.
She has no business wearing wedges or a slutty doctorss
I'm glad our paths crossed again!
Hope to see you again soon.
Happy Saturday !!!
: Hope your Well !!.
xoxo I LOVE U!!!
Hope you see this 3
There will be a game 5!
Knicks beat the heat!
night to remember
San Diego show  Soma Nov.11th w/ Jeffree Star, It Boys, and Flight to Athena.
We have presale tickets for only 12!
Send us a message!!!
I'll help!
Thank you FDIC for a great day.
We'll see you in the morning.
you were right on!!!
I finally got the sumbitch.
Apparently tweeting about it does the trick.
Just booked Rosie Clooney show in July at and we are looking forward to having fun at Pheasant Run!
no problem thanks for following as well.
I reached my following limit what the???
Your following like 1000 people and im only following 992 thats bunghole.
..
IM HAVING A HARD TIME DECIDING WHAT HIGH SCHOOL I WANT TO GO TO.
Hogwarts, PCA, or Hollywood Arts?
Tweet me your picks!:
I always wanted to see you both as A Tag team walking down to the ring managed by Your Dad
Ugh can people just stay out of my account and not cool at all
Don't know how to tell my friend that I love her :/
truth.
Produce results or move on.
Real world.
I love them whores!
Whores JanesAddiction FeelingPunchy A 24 year and counting love affair and incurable condition!
Ill remember all yall Lakers fan when OKC up by 30 later..
you are the best!
Too funny
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine.
David Brenner
My brothers an asshole..
RT are you aware of what's repeating in your head?
Just becoming aware of this dialogue that goes on inside is huge!
Awesome!
Congrats on your new role at FAAN!
Perseverance is failing nineteen times and succeeding the twentieth.
Julie Andoctorws
Dubai to Sell Southeast Asian Shipping Arm  Wall Street Journal
Sadly.
Hopefully working the first two months then going to Europe for a month!
Will I be seeing you around?
:D
Put a little something in the mail to you today.
Thanks for your support!
yes email me at
Daw.
Nick I was bummed you weren't with them..
Next time!
Science if fine when it comes to microwave ovens and medications, but becomes quite inconvenient when it butts heads with dogma
my bookshelf fell on me when i was sleeping but it didn't even hit my head or crack my skull i was so mad
Have you seen her LinkedIn professorle?...It's almost like a parody.
So ready for a lovely Thanksgiving in Phoenix going to class gets harder every day!
From FinAid perspective many parents are paying the bills and have questions.
I'll treat you how you treat me...
I couldn't find tht one thing above the e haha
Watching the Royal wedding overnight?
We'll be delivering/open as always: 24/7.
Royal Wedding  Eggfast  m.
www.eggfast.com
Yum!
RT Totally recommend 2 parts oatmeal to 1 part leftover apple crisp.
It's what's for breakfast!
go vote for chin up rocky!!!!
Walking Fielder to load the bases with no one out.
That's trouble.
i take it back RT in omer asik i trust
looks like you are doing great yourself!
We are proud of what you're doing keep paying it forward!
RTN
Life is a terrible thing to sleep through.
Hoping that the reports about Junior Seau are not true.
I wouldn't say that the people on dancing with the stars are legit dancers.
kick the damn bucket honey
OMG!
I'm Italian I'd love that 3
So THAT'S where all the beer is....share some of that beer over here in NY LOL
you got it!!!!
Rock on!
: Enterprise architecture should capacitate flow, not force rigidity.
entrenchment entarch lookimwriting U go girl!
Any luck on the job front?
Interesting.
And is there an effort to connect blog posts and SM to the physical museum experience?
Hosting the radio broadcast today from Buffalo Gap on SW Macadam in John's Landing.
Blazer Dancers will be here soon.
An easy way to make enemies: eat chips and open a can of diet coke during lecture.
Futurist Gary Golden describes move into Era of the Learner
OneWordThatDescribesMe openminded.
baseball tonight, please don't show that ball Cruz caught in game 6.
Ever.
Kthxbye.
One grammatical/spelling error I can't understand people making is mixing up lose and loose.
Is this common ?
Cowboys  Angels 
I'm dying to know what you think.
I hope you like it.
doing good!!I finally saw cabin in the woods!!Was so amazing!!
i don't even know what I would be.
o.0
Join us for today's Zuppa Del Giorno Italian Lentil
I hate this.
I hate doctorma.
It's so pointless.
It's a nice Sunday so I think I'ma go outside fa a while
lmao!
Yeah true that bro
let's wobble later!
I could use the pick me up
Even though we get irritated with eachother all the time, I fricken love my mom 3
As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy
Just had an amazing meal at Red Rooster Harlem.
Crab cakes, steak frites and sweet potato donuts
: U create ur own doctorma by the people u surround yourself with!Wish I knew tht earlier!
You also create it when you abuse women
Alright TwittiesIts Pillow fighting Z's time!Had a long day2moro is longer!7am Finish Commercialthe afternoon TattooTime!
Now im watching GeorgeLopez !
This use to b mii ish!
Yes, that is correct; the very same one that Ohio State had to vacate in 2011.
Facebook is down.
WTF!
Oops...
RT : My brain just exploded: Biological big data goes beyond sentiment to collective context 
Yeah that would be great!
I've never been to The KY Fair so I'm excited!
Well said, well said!
Letting go is the hardest part, now I just have to do it.
And stick to it.
yeen ain't got to lie!!
I do agree with the funny part tho.
Try temple run:
and i loved the sugar dandies the most, i nearly cried when they didn't get through to the finals!xx
Snowing in Seattle.
In March.
Bring back the rain.
: Oh, snap!
; BTW  may I assume you're interested in being an 'alpha' tester for Clio?
Aloha!
Turtle Bay was founded in 2002 we're finally on Twitter!
Thanks for following.
Know of an ugly house?
Let us know we buy them!
My mom just started playing who let the dogs out just now.
5am text message Hey are you asleep?
No I'm scuba diving, what in the hell do you want?
I am tweeting about my period again.
Going back to Denver is going to be hard for the Lakers.
They've proven they can beat Denver in their house.
x u look great babes
biology tesy in the am.
study time
Thanks so much for the RT!
Happy Monday!
Happy Mothers Day!
actually that is probably a valid point.
I thought I was gna be late to work this AM, but ended up being a half hour early.
2011 Colorado Tennis Hall of Fame gets inducted tonight.
Welcome Cliff Buchholz, Maricaye Christenson, Scott Humphries and Alicia Salas.
Atlas Sound has entered his Bob Dylan stage.
says, I've missed you
This time tomorrow I'll be in NYC for quality time with cousins, crew  comic books.
A doctornk just told me I and people like me are to blame for all the world's problems.
No wonder I have such a dadgum headache.
My pleasure...How do you like Paintshop Pro?
Why the fuck is Ashley Judd freaking the fuck out about her missing son?
He committed Twittercide, get the fuck over it.
Ouch !
Put Apple Sauce on it.
Lol
To find a WiFi spot near you, text your addoctorss to 2152407296.
Thanks ConnectPhilly and !
Good bye good night and good luck
and he's probably the worst QB on that list.
Well except Alex Smith, not sure why you even have him on there.
thanks for all the votes!
please help me out by joining my project, Everybody Deserves Music : 
Why do I keep on watching Step Up 3 whenever it is on?!?!
This is a horrible movie.
Appreciate all the mentions and the FF :
Sarkis is my third home
Love Love Love Montreal!
Some of the nicest folks I've ever met.
S my D haha
And I still can't believe that you came up to me and said I love you, I love you too
Checking out , , and on ...good Monday morning to you guys!
Lunch time with my best friend love excited West Hollywood!
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for  Allan K.
Chalmers
I think they would get a better indication of what everyone thinks, rather than the 12yr olds that stay up all night to vote!
Houston Texans 2012 NFL doctorft Notes and Quotes
I will take 3.
Haha!
How does this work?
you are NOT white
who are you, really?
Well, the players made the list, not the fans.
yeah he's always smilin, thumbs up, positive dude
From really not sitting down since 8 a.m., I just groaned so loud from just now sitting on my couch that I think I freaked out the neighbor.
what!!!!
R u serious
You're such a tease!
hey austin
Ok I'll be quiet
thanks!
I am working out some tweaks but that is the lovely world of the web.
Change after changes haha.
Ah I want to get married in La Rivera Maya
You's a stupid hoe, You's a, You's a stupid hoe.
My pleasure!
Thanks for having the courage to speak the truth!
don't ever give that away..
Is he part of the 1?
Can you occupy him?
Didn't write last night, alas, but...I'm starting to feel the ideas buzzing again.
This is a good sign, methinks.
I wish I was doing something fun  exciting right now
walking sophia with
If you're not listening to Penguin Cafe Orchestra on Pandora while you study, you need to hop on the bandwagon.
Great stuff
Information's pretty thin stuff unless mixed with experience.
Clarence Day
Did you know that farmers in Ireland  Scotland have been painting sheep for ages?
Yep, it makes them easier to find.
Who knew?
cabin in the woods, batting cages, flowers, candy, cookies, tahdah!
:
Just leaving the gym
Thanks for the message!
Yeah..
my job is pretty cool.
Not going to lie!
Go Canucks...
Ronnie's?
Fucking up my day :.
Have a great day!
What's so Messed up is that ma celebrates tweet ma ppl but that never happen to me that's so much head !!!
So messed up urg !!!
haha : your welcome!
wait okay.
Explain the English education system!
I've always wanted to know!
Any Twitter followers that aren't connected to our Facebook fan page, make sure to head over and click LIKE at the top fb.me/mwwdesigns
Have a family of 15 or more?
Call Kristi at 202 296 6500 for longer happy hour prices!
ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Dear Luke Bryan.
I might just die if you don't play I don't want this night to end tomorrow.
Sincerely, just a suggestion : 3
alex likes if ur mean to her.
She told me it was weird wheni was nice and she didn't like it
I hate when I get jealous over something that I shouldn't even be worried about !
/:
I wouldn't shower.
The difference between friendship and love is how much you can hurt each other.
raw10 i knew a pro theif, he would steal anything but, he wouldnt let u come 2 his house, afraid u would steal
We finally brought some kentuckhouseswag to the twitter world
Today: CHEST  KILLA CARDIO!!
GSD What's up with you?
In my experience, always has great advice.
See you then!
Callin it a night.
Take care
If you call me a contrarian I will agree and say the world needs contrarians
Couldn't you AT LEAST have kept the beforename commas?!?!
sob Why??
TT
My twitter name cute af lol i can't get over it 
Any ideas about what to blog about today?
Think of the stupidest thing possible then get at me.
When we are willing to give up everything we have, the divine will replace it with ten times more.
Iyanla Vanzant
Feeling grateful today.
Put in an offer for a house last night!
We'll know tomorrow.
Heading to Wauwatosa like a big kid.
html 'ing like theres no tomorrow
the cash ball is are 14,801 my odds are better at bingo than the lotto.
I gotta see my old gals  get the T about they gout :p
Tomorrow morning 10:30 am: we're on the air with Dave Marsh Live from E Street Nation  SiriusXM radio!
So that's where my shirt is.
And also, why would anyone bundle Donnie Darko and Napolean Dynamite?
xD
How did you learn to do a flip?
Do you think you learned it well enough to teach others?
I see you looking at my page!
Click the LIKE button!
Just landed in Manchester NH with the DC delegation
Can't wait to hear tomorrow!
Did Invodo technology power that embedded video?
:
eh who would have thought this show is pretty good.
Labor Day checklist: Football  check.
Beer  check.
Bacon  check.
Happy Labor Day all!
Go on KNKT....
Make me rich!
Like the guitar in the chorus of Like an Angel by Rise Against catchy
Hey Nancy just wanted to know when your next workshop was so I could sign up.
Excellent!
: Monster Trucks.
That is all.
It's International Women's Day!
Where's my present?
hell yeah.
you're welcome.
love, kyle.
He ain't early in the league Battier was doctorfted a long time ago
don't 4get Tito Puente,Lionel Hampton, Rachmaninov,Bob Marley, Miles Davis,  Zeppelin
this is your brother.
gonna be launching the site real soon.
Much love.
Wildcats in the Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl at ATT?
Decent shot; better if they lose this weekend.
Today's Smoothie: rawspinach, pear, tomato, cucumber, babycarrots; a little of each!
Some may be frozen.add 1/2 c water, 4oz yogurt!
and to you!
So...how would you guys feel about a BRAND NEW song this week?!
The Republican Party has a really big posterior.
Its name is John Boehner.
UFC145 Jones vs.
Evans about to go down.
I'm so excited.
Let's go!
Thank you for RTs!
Happy New Year!
Life always comes with its own color: your friends, flowers, things.
So you don't have to have so much of it in your decor.
Andoctore Putman
shake it first  toss only as a last resort RT : Is it self defense to toss a baby if it was throwing up gang signs?
You are such a clever one sir!
RT : sNOw thanks
Your asleep and I'm bored!
So I thought I would tweet you!
I love you so much!
Happy HumpDay!
Make it a GreaT Day 
omg!
I totally did that once!
Except the 7 yr difference...is that creepy?
Yet, I always ask myself whatwouldCadydo ?
Chuck Brown, pioneer of gogo funk music, has died at 75
TIAs advice on jamaicagirls b careful no rasta man tries2put weed up ur ass!
space  time.
: Great stuff in newsletter again...Robin Sharma provided great words on human victories Thanks Coach Weber!
Um  don't know.
I can I guess.
Last day tweeting !
You can follow me at my personal account Thanks for following me!
Its been a blast!
If I rather read a book than tweet...
we have a problem.
Have confirmation practice at 8:30 am tomorrow, that's just great
Email from man asking me to help him discover if his chinese fiance illegally married other man.
Helpfully provides other man's ssn
You can also find me at I appreciate your support
I couldn't sleep
Did Google Patent the 39;Hot or Not39; Sexiness Ranking System?
I've only got a few more weeks left of school  I've got 40 overdue assignments.
Just going to sit here  work for a few hours.
whistle when you ice the puck shorthanded...
um no thank you!!!!
Don't forget: today it's Earthhour !
What would it take to make 400 dollars a day every day of the year...
I would doctorft LBJ over Jordan.
He is getting a ring this year
YOLO RT : In the movies doctornking Jamison and toting my blanket What u know about this!?
sure.
I work out of our new OKcupidlabs office.
Let me know when you got some time and come check it out!
Lol It shows that hip hop is dying.
Your boy Eminem need to come back..
Four pages to go, this will be fun!
Doorknobs Lock Sets Pirces: Baldwin 5405.150.PASS Classic Knob ...
good question.
I don't know but if you find out, let me know.
How is everybody?
Knowledge isn't power, the APPLICATION of knowledge is power.
We did too, from the West!
:
let's hope for 18 or less, otherwise I'm on a nonstop flight to crankytown.
do you do your own recordings, or do you go to a studio?
coins Improve and Supercharge your work or business performance starting with your perception!
thanks for sharing this!
I just downloaded it and tried it.
What an awesome free app.
discussing ways that health IT and Direct Project can benefit MSM/LGBT community.
Great use case!
argh.
those apple bastards moved the 3.0 release date to the 18th.
thanks for the twitter follow glad to see you at
I hope is still accepting junior designer resumes!
what kind girl ;p I'll make it tonight
HYFR , Mb Is Coming To Vegas .
Get To See My Baby Boys Again.
I Wonder If The Boys Remember me ..
:
Tomorrow June 7 I'm excited to present Preventing Injuries in Child Care  Child Passenger Safety  the Indiana Injury Prevention Conference
I broke the tip of my nail !
Ugh ; / Tuesday needs to come on....I so need my nails  pedi done 3
hope you're all following, we've been doing our best to spread the word and updates!
All I need tomorrow is a box of tissues and my tv with ABDC on and I'm all good for the rest of my life.
CC250 and take the beauty in
22 months and 4 days later, i still love you with all my heart.
hope so!
MT that's going to be a major part of job descr of curator now on into the future: promoting conversations.
4 days L's up
best price, service, and staff in their field as far as I'm concerned
please check your email I have a question....
finally new avi...
but i wanna change it already
Join us tomorrow night for a Tuesday Tasting on French cheese!
yup!
Thank you
NP Never Stop, Brand New Heavies ..that was that heat.
He's not about that life.
nice meeting you dogg
Was this caught on camera??
it's 3:30 Sunday afternoon.
I don't know if you realize how much you mean to me but I just have one request.
Please just don't ever forget about me.
My cabbie has some new age euro easy listening tunes flowing and I gotta say that I'm kind of digging it.
Today I am trying to figure out how to get Gates to pay for a housing that leaked and damaged our camera!
good luck sissy and kick some butt :
balls, man.
just balls.
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!!
:
Love it!
RT : The very thing that can break you..
was designed to make you stronger Good Morning!!
i had so much fun at club last nights,gosh my eyes still hurt and i am still doctornk:
this is flat out bizarre...
Lets go tarheels!!!!!
.
Damn hippie.
if we get da permission slips for cedar point tellz tiffani to bring me mines..if we get them.if we dnt dnt tell her
omisterI hope u feel better :
Couldn't have said it any better.
Got Studies on Hysteria for free as a Nook book.
Talk about a good find!!!
Dc zoo wit tha fam...
Lotta people had the same idea.
Someone retweeted something I tweeted last year.
Stalker lol
I appreciate the RT.
I love your name!
xD
Trip into NYC thwarted by brutal neck pain.
Retreating to locate clean horizontal surface in NJ.
Today is Tuesday number 56,799 for me.
ILY 3 happy valentine's day
My mama is getting a fancy new Coach purse and brunch :
you are wierd
If there is free money involved  I want some!
And this morning, a charming quote from NKVD agent RamÃ³n Mercader...
: Hey pla12 make sure to check out my program at 2pm.
Generational differences in libs and how to overcome em' Yes, plz come!
what's god witcha?
time to mute the TV
Pro Tip: In Week 3 of a GAIN Plan, your weights should start to go up.
This is typically the hypertrophy period of training.
Seeing the Pretty Little Piggy commercial makes me think of 's Miss Piggy's voice.
3
if youre defult pic is of a car, and you follow me, i assume youre a transformer..
: you bang her, thats what you do.
Then I guess I'll fill you in on tues morning
My Cats cant win them all.
Credit to Indiana.
We are not the only ones who hate a long working week!
After Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says,  W Th F?
:  via Ali Engineer
Sleep well my princess.
Call me when you wake.
This episode about BBQ in Kansas City is the greatest food p I've ever seen.
I'm srsly weak at the knees.
no, what's that?
I found the funniest pictures from freshman year on my MySpace.
HAHAH
thats what we like to hear.........
It's an important conversation!
I want it to spill even further.
Would much more dialogue abt what you and Rich were discussing.
Refresh.
Refresh.
Refresh.
Refresh.
Refresh.
Refresh.
Refresh.
Refresh.
Cool Chicks Love Ice Cream...
good to know I still have a fan!
I've been keeping up with you too sir, keep killing it
Thanks for the RT about our Take Over tonight guys!
Roy Williams.
The Lions got new White uni's.
CJ came out  Roy was like, Yo he's huge!
He looks like Megatron!
Laser tag.
Deal
Lets Go Rangers!
Dear heart, Please stop getting involved.
Your job is to pump blood that's it!
: It allows for people to rely a little more on themselves; with opptys for someone else to step up  assist.
Wow no other way to describe math class today but The Best!
haha sady christen sam kalie austin XD
fuck, and I was about to go to school right now....well, I guess Tobuscus videos can wait.
officially got my lip repierced for a 3rd time in 5 years lol
he finally is!!!
Days like today make me love what I do...huge thanks to those who encouraged me to step it up!
I dont feel good.
I feel sick, my back hurts, im freezing cold.
Grrr!
RT Haven't been this excited about music in months Friday FRIDAY RiGHt NOW strip
Remind Me Who I am!
Great reminder that we are God's Beloved.
So glad I breathed the name of God Today!
South Park  Futurama  Family Guy
So do you remember the Gazans who celebrated after 3000 innocent people were murdered on 911.
They need to get rid of Hamas!
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
LOL!
RT Love it again lol RT : Love doesn't make the world go round.
Love is what makes the ride worthwhile
A solution is a process that benefits ALL who may be affected by it.
If a 'solution' helps some but harms others, that is not a solution.
lmao.
Girls are dumb, you don't see a bunch of guys throwing electronics or pics of their childs mother in a woodchipper.
Haha
April is National Home Inspection Month
It all started when they messed with the wrong guy...
Every trailer for every low budget action movie ever.
My mom just said I want more dubstep!
in response to my explaining the song in the IE9 commercial
lol good , I'm so ready to go you don't understand
no problem :
My dog seriously runs into the wall like 763836 times a day.
from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
USA.
We could use you here!
We're just ordinary people.
I was told I can stay home, but I dont want Bub to be sad so Im not:
my shittt there
One of those days when I want to say something interesting but doctorwing a blank...
go YOLO someplace else
RT : thanks for the advice, ive revoked any access so hopefully that should do the trick :  yw :
Goodnight :D
ala11 Keynoter : The mission of librarians is to improve society through facilitating knowledge creation in their communities.
Enjoyed playing in the pit this week with for CarminaCalder Great time all around!
haha yes I did!
I tried tweeting it when I took it but it wouldnt go through and I just went thro my pics and found it lol!
.
brunch at Club Cafe?
Count me IN!
Awesome.
Glad you are having fun.
I will be there 2 weeks from Sunday.
Hey!
I can't DM u back unless u are following us :
This time he tweeted answering response
3 things ok foster grads are NOT; common, forgotten, alone.
Via
watching the TO show....
man i love this show
FF some awesome cycling people
thanks hun.
It wasn't a bad doctoram though.
Lol but will keep it jus incase
Writing is my ammo, I am ready for battle
Tonight, tonight: performing at the Enlighten in Ballard.
Show starts at 8.
Enjoy a free Blueberry Muffin on us; just mention FLUFFY33 when your ordering.
Lightning Bolt!!!!!
i wish i wasn't the only child .
i wish i had a older brother or sister i could talk to.
I'm not dealing with anymore of your insults today 
the best RT : so in the first class the Pilates instructor mentioned tequila shots and vajayjays.
no dumb fools and make every free throw as the game slows down.
WIth Keith blasting in my Ears ...
I saw Ur Tweet ...
...
Damn Near Bus my Tooooof on the Keyboard!!!
...
Why U do DaT LMAO
yes it wass u couldnt tell cuz of the dark red lighting
thinks she needs to get her doctornk on.
Your b.s lies are really getting to me,Then dont ask why am upset.
Where was my life even headed before LeaveItToNiecy??
It's your right and privilege.
Regardless of your political views, make them heard.
This fall most definitely!
Ginas biscotti and tea tasting event will be happening in september.
is there any element in congress concerned about the link between private funding and ed?
I feel like a teenager  yes I'm waiting for PLL to come on!
Accident on US14 EB near Cross Plains area.
your what?
Rock star baby, now come to my suite and lock jaw baby :P
Always a 'victory' somewhere in the situation.
CU goes 310 today...but it's the 1st road win for the seniors...in their collegiate career.
Been a casual customer but after watching premier yesterday they have my business for life!Thanks for supporting kids!
DJs: need to throw in some Samba tunes into my set for an event this week.
any suggestions?
It's not my strongest genre.
I've heard it used during board recruitment said to current board members.
Penetrates the nonprofessort boardoctorom.
Prepare your audition three different ways, that way when you are asked to change it up, youre not thrown off.
Or not.
CastingOfficeTV
It Don't Make You A Hoe If U Meet A Dude  Give Up The Pssy Quick...
U A Hoe If U Give It Up 2  DAMN NEAR EVERY NGGA U MEET
Yes, and I now will stop rolling my eyes when people call my cell and tell me who they are.
Thanks for the follow!
hmm maybe I didn't need to buy the app.
:/ Found a bookmarklet for mobilizer  I take it that's what you're using?
Ha!
Almost became a duckling mom  I'm not talking kitty catsThomas rescued 3 ducklings from sure deathhe's taking them to quack!
Keep the likes coming guys!
We're only about 200 away, we really appreciate all the support!
Random TWEETING
Word to the wise: if your books are smelly and moldencrusted, your librarian doesn't want your donation.
Thanksbye.
Imagine Dwight in celtics green?
Happy Birthday U.S.
Marines!
We thank you for your service!
3 Veterans in the band.
Thanks again!
pain theory?
what/who?
It's hard to let go when everything u do involves them
still no excuse for being on my lawn.
MyBmoreSurvivalTips Make sure your building doesn't have bedbugs before you move in!!
I can relate.
That song pretty much sums up my life.
Childoctorn in solitary?
Another example of American exceptionalism.
Who should we follow today?
THAT is the question.
True Love Means Never Giving Up On The 1 U Love And Do Watever You Have 2 So That U Get That Person You LOVE BACK IN YOUR LIFE..
Catch us on the GrindTime stage at 530 PM today with at rockthebells SF
RT Sounds like Berns Steakhouse is the place to chin this evening.
Neg Cap Grill  international .either way ur paying so ??
Edward Jones?
Jules, what IS that awesome white guitar you play?
tminus one week and one day from today!!
Here's today's, Yes it's Monday, but I'm awake!
What city has the most hotel rooms in the world?
not a dang thing.!!
follow back :
On the way to work.
Just out of curiosity, what is an SPN blanket?
Sounds cozy...
I'm with you on that, I see the Blackberry Play book went the same way.
really?
That's good.
What city do u want to live ?
i love all your music bro and it inspires me so much cause you are from the same home town im from............CHITOWN!!!!
So u like to make ur point known huh?
My wish isn't to mean everything to everyone but something to someone.
Nice dip on WSML!
I need a beer and a blunt
This girls booootys outta control!
It's a most expensive championship type of day waiting or that
Where do you play?
nowplaying Rickie Lee Jones Love Junkyard.
RT this new method for making acapellas though 
hope my buddy is ok
AoD 4 came out this week and was a blast, but pages for AoD 5 have me really stoked!
New artist Dietrich Smith is a STAR IN THE MAKING!
She probably thinks she's too big for idol now...
S/O to the other new followers
Ideas: take the library on the road when library space/tech is being used...embedded librarianship!
Thanks for the mention!
What's news on your end?
Rumor has it that we will be serving those crab cakes Friday nite and Saturday that you loved so much a few weeks ago.
: follow up re and syndicate...
My contribution isn't too small, is it?
Here's a quick fact about the final VAWA vote in the Senate.
All five women GOP senators voted yes; all 31 no votes were men.
The only thing sadder than doing nothing with our lives, is spending our time watching others on TV do the same.
Why cant Bourjos play when I come?
Why?
Finish strong
You can light up the dark.
PickUpLine: You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way
i rhank a dear friend for reminding me this evening what have you got to lose.
On the bright side, Diekman looks like his stuff is MLB ready...
what u said
thinks Georgia will beat Boise .
Surprise.
Silverstein.
Yeah man.
Check out Social Media Week DC Tweets from
I can't stand you
Anybody know about summer sports clubs in NYC?
Outdoor softball or kickball or anything?
Told you I was sick!
We appreciate all the hardworking men and women of our law enforcement agencies.
Let us say thank you by giving 50 off your next detail.
Time for scandal.
This show is my new ish!
is a bad  in this series.
Woo hoo congrats pressures on for you!
lol!
x
Looking forward to a fun trio gig tomorrow with Ben Bergmark and Sean Carolan.
better now.
Damn sixers
If it rains on prom, i'll be pissed.
People who watch probably will not watch the Animal Planet so those commercials probably aren't working.
FYI
Up all night with .
AINT NOBODY SLEEPIN TONIGHT, POTAYYTOHHHH!!!
Friday.
Its here.
Thank god.
Time for some good beer with the wife!
S/O to my girl for passing the bar!
Best news I've heard all nyt!
So ridiculously proud of u!
It's a celebration bishes!!!
Cancer SUCKS
My hair has been parting naturally in the middle lately.
Uh.
I want that car!
Maybe I will be the next MVP.
sweet!
im going to set up an appointment : see you sometime tomorrow!
:D
Working special event at the museum job tonight.
Also, it's only my 3rd shift TOTAL, so have no idea what to expect.
they would if they knew the salary difference!
Englewood Chicago its crime and poor area but good people live in Englewood like me and a lot of people who want better 4 this Community.
Double Cash Back Starts Today!
Check your Inbox for our Email to see which stores have Doubled their Cash Back for a Limited Time!
I showed up an hour early for work...would be great if crazy people let me just sit there in silence but no
few churches here pre 9/11.
I'm just ecstatic we have the Church in NYC.
I'm leaving the fish fry up to our shepherds.
Preciate dat bro!
Gotta share it with all ya homies for me
not everything is meant to be fun or make sense, some things are just neccessary to be done for the greater good
not earlier?
Wasn't this the photoshoot for Remaining Days?
2007 or 2008!
Uh, spoilers!
what's really hood
Situationally WAR Is The Only Answer!
I wanna say u got that from me......but maybe not!?
Lol
TRIPLE H!!!!!
YES!
Time to shut this shit down!
Lighting Source Int.
Prints 500 titles daily; fulfills 27,000 orders; serves 9,000 publishers, prints 1.4 million books a month
Excited to be the official magazine sponsor of  Looking forward to the partnership!
oh ok thanks :
SurveyOrganizational Values: Has your organization assigned specific behaviors to identified core values?
yes or no?
shopping would be fun if I weren't vertically challenged.
or broke.
lol I'm gonna be up al night.
2nd floor, room F16 till 3pm today.
RT : Wasn't there supposed to be some sort of petting zoo?
Did I miss it?
Yeah sure sweetie
lol it's cool it's more directed towards Cleveland mcdonalds workers anyways
RT Who will win?
's Beer vs Wine Dinner this Fri 10/21 w/  Wine Warehouse?
U pick!
858.675.8550
This has been the weirdest day.
First time in 10 years completely unplugged/unwired for 8 days  land of the lost.
Where the heck am I?
HE ADMITTED IT333333 justin im so proud of you babe:
Working on an article, finding tonnes of stuff to do that is not related.
They're saying the age of eligibility to attend WWDC is anyone 1317 is that new this year?
I could have sworn it was 18 before.
Haha go Gabby!!
Some will fall in love with life and doctornk it from a fountain, as it's pouring like an avalanche coming down the mountain
If you don't doctoram it, then live it...how do you expect to accomplish it?
Follow Friday!
FF us and we'll FF you!
I think yeah but I hear it outside then heard the clicking in my sisters room.
Welcome back.
What are you sipping on tonight?
Extreme Magic!
Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose.
Kevin Arnold
OH: Suicide should never be a desired outcome of looking at your data model.
Chillin with Bert mark and Joe :
Awesome run around the monuments!
Night runs are so refreshing!
I need to do this more often...
Bella wanted to say goodnight to  all of our other followers!
Thank you guys!
Did you?
dude!!!
How was it?
Take ur rest DJ Lace...u will be missed.
you were basically in Titanic
TMZ is just mad that I didn't send them their monthly medication to their nursing home!
Old Skanks tbh xD
And oh my doctorams It's never quite as it seems Cause you're a doctoram to me doctoram to me
Jordan hill got tossed around like he did his baby momma, wait to soon??
Miami, FL need female for tradeshow.
No nudity.
Pay is 400 dollars.
Thank God for mixed Girl's!!!!!!
Big Lu with the two free throws
Expect you to be singing Its a celebration/ clap clap bravo/ lobster  shrimp  a glass of moscato when you post this!
did you watch it on Thursday?
UPDATE 2FC shows fresh outflows as strategic review nears
I'm no animal rights activist but I have a feeling that bees dying off is of far greater importance than we currently realise.
ill twitpic the picture in a sec :
How's Cali?: when do u start filming??:
RT : Fall reminderMake sure you check your gutters for a build up of leaves before winter sets in.
The Baylien is releasin that new joint next week...
Check him out www.erasee.com!!!
you wouldn't be saying that if you lived here.
The mountains, a hilt / of the sun's golden dagger, / plunged in the lake //
Cats doctorve me out of bed.
They aren't happy when I go back to bed after feeding them.
So coffee's brewing.
Exercise provides better result than doctorgs or a combination doctorgs/exercise according to five metaanalysis on depression.
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are living now?
Do not be carried away by all kinds of STRANGE TEACHINGS.
It is good for our hearts to be strengthened by GRACE..
not GRACE  strange
41 of students in afterschool programs improved their math grades.
Be a part of the change 2012.
Haha.
My practice gear for basketball.
ThatsGangster.
:
Knock knock who's that at you're door ?
laker fans in denial
Awful news from Harvard RT : And everyone will have a chance to apply for the few jobs that will be left.
To the US Military: THANK YOU  GOD BLESS YOU!
I don't take for granted the freedoms I have because of YOU.
I am grateful!
water I forgot how much I love you!
I'm glad we are together again.
Haha.
RT : Is judging the Toddlers  Tiaras moms elitist?
No.
Their priorities are hopelessly screwed up.
Next question.
lady gaga killed it last night
I need a co owner for my BiebsMeetAlexis account
We are proud to announce that we have just hired another full time executive trainer to the FOCUS team.
Latrell Armstrong, welcome to MKE!
Happy Leap Day everyone!
If you were born today, then you are a leapling or leaper!
Getting ready to open for the season!
Stay tuned for more info :
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
UP TO 65 OFF!
BEdoctorOM SETS  795Q BED doctorSSERMIRROR1 N/STAND www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
mister Bean is fukn attractive
Whoa.
MT : Protesters in Oakland attacked  dismantled news truck from our TV station CBS5.
Crew OK but truck stripped!
RT : In serenity, there is strength.
Staying calm, when confusion and chaos surround you, keeps you firmly in control.
yes I know but you changed your user lol
have you watched the others in the triology ?
I'm tired forever.
NO!!!!
Girl!
I haven't studied one bit: well I sit by heaven in science..
And she's a nerd bird: so she will help me :D
nervous?
Hopespin never gets nervous!
that looks so awesome.
What's it like to shoot that?
appreciate the follow and invite
hey is my membership at the wood still froze?!?!
Minnesota Hist Society future of field trips the History in Your Hands.interesting.
I could have stayed at home and got out the BUTCHER KNIVES and F..
myself up without paying for the hospital stay.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
A quote from my dear friend : I swear today time has stood still a few times ....
and the second hand is laughing at me ....
If someone is trying to impress you, one thing is certain, that person is already impressed by you!
HA HA hit too close to home at the moment
Mixing cucumber juice with carrotjuice is said to be beneficial for rheumatic conditions resulting from excessive uric acid in the body.
They weren't thinking..
it's nuts!
I read that attic insulation and window replacements are best.
wait the game is starting now i didn't know sheesh
Just purchased a simulated process separation program for full color prints and a Pantone ink matching system.
That being said I also j ...
Added 100 balls to Golfer rehearsal at HCC.
Brand new big screens in the Sdoctor..pizza...
NO PROBLEM ;
Yesmy three daughters and the mom of two.
Thanks Victoria!
best sdcc spots for chicks?
our lead actress would like to know
hey unfollowers,look at all the fucks i give.
;
I had a wonderful LaborDay .
I thank God I was able to stay active all day.
Lots of ppl,bbq  went to bed w/all dishes done.

we are ready when you are!
:
HAW BOUT ME
Ok, who misses the old Orioles logo?
Baby I'm the best so you can't do better
We just created a new photo
do you have my spanish paper?!??
I want something physical,Not something invisible,I'm tired of being good,Let's be bad.I want a bad boy baby bad.I want a love that's crazy.
Life never gets better, just different.
Better or worse is a judgment of the ego.
Something to pass ard during the holidays
I'm less impressed by brilliance of Jezebel Hipster Racism post than most of Twitter / has been talking about it for years
Every tree, knows the bark.
the iLLosopher  shoelace
WaysToPissMeOff trying to push ur way thru when there is nowhere to move
This is a part of me.
: It didn't happen to me, silly!
Happened to a DC hockey player on TV.
You know I'm not sporty.
;
Oh shoot, I work Thursday evenings
Im Done
He's almost here!
xD ahjumma I have to go to bed ;; I have to go to my friend's graduation party tomorrow xD lol 3 good night
Richard Grenell?!?
Romney campaign is but one idiot short of a village.
I had a fleeting memory of Strangelove, in the warroom wheelchair, expecting mister Cheney's arm to fly into the air in salute.
And for the record, I still want to punch the new Xbox/Netflix interface in the face!
Live through deeds of love, and let others live with understanding for each person's unique intentions  Rudolf Steiner
Thanks for the follow.
I love the Sir Edmund Hillary quote!
I really should...I need summer haha
In Life of George, you receive challenges on iPhone/iPod Touch that you build with real LEGOs.
Museum inter.
possibility?
doing Internet research!
Im so stoked:!
The Temper Trap BOHH Song
What a great idea, Jasmine!
Have you been to San Francisco before?
Ppl that try to be hipsters kill me!!!
I'm team DarkSkinnedMen al the way 
If you missed out on all the craft events this weekend, you can always stop by for some great local goods!
Love it!
Great game!
Kings sealed the deal
I'm going!
So excited!
i already have my 2 best singers following me all i need is you and the other ones following me.
plz follow me
well rhen do the right thing....
extend the shot gun
I didn't win the lotto and Ohio State lost, what a crappy weekend
Thank you as well!
We look forward to Tweeting with you!
That was simply amazing.
Smart little kid!!!
Oh okay!
: I understand!
So what's up?
:D
oh I see.
Well yay!
lol ima lebron fan I jus rock wit the thunder kuz they the closest team to my hometown
Thinking about saturdays game vs cal  prediction?
Buffs win in upset
Thank you!
Those most willing to teach are chiefly found in the industrial class, which as yet has received few favors from the Legislatures
Passed it!
Somewhere between a B and an AB.
Needed an 84 to pass 
With tannin
lov e you too 
A business is prosperous to the extent that it provides a service or product that contributes to happiness in all of its forms.
I figured it was better than Tony Romo's: A Place for Broken Ribs
Congratulations to UMass Lacrosse for winning CAA Championship.
Good luck in the NCAA's!
Also, good luck to UMass Softball in A10 Tourny!
I love remont
got a MAD makeover.
very into it!
My mother is extremely loud.
Hey all my Justin Bieber followers does anybody know when his next concert in Atlanta is anyone?
Proactive vs.
Reactive We are reactive; we were taken care of 4 so long by the Big ThreeTaught 2 Look to others 4 solutions
roger that!
XO
lmao at bottom desk doctorwer
well ill talk 2 u when u go on blog with connor
If there were any doubt, was pretty flawless in Brava!
is it just a matte white?
I can never seem to find the right one!
I love it!!
RT : Trying to get your nonprofessort off the ground?
Consider a nonprofessort fellowship / incubator.
Here's a great list:...
Getting her big break modelling at a passport photo shop.
That commercial where the dude finds the little girl's lost puppy makes me cry!
Damn you ATT!
happy birthday justin sorry but I had forgotten i love you
Lets circle back on these techniques for next weeks cant session  Cinematic filmmaking techniques
i have to admit...
im super jealous right now dangit ;
but girl you aint the only one thats trying to be only one
I wonder what Ray Ray doin now?
What is the best Git plugin for Eclipse?
I haven't studied once in Napier's class this whole year  now I really have to.
WTF.
Waterfront now?
I visited Alicia's, now I'm refueling at home.
I hate it when people only use their twitter to make obvious subtweets about people.
The problem with marrying into a generic last name is how many debt collection calls I get for other people.
ew.
i hate having to look forward to one thing when you know you are going to lose another.
Now I'm left with nothing.
If you fart in a room full of deaf people, does it make a sound?
1 more show  The Little Bear Saloon  tonight from 59pm.
Headed back to Texas tomorrow...
The tables have turned
I agree.
I want to climb him.
HEY it's me!
Just gettincozy in the sink
Update my blogs....
Thanks for the great talks!
Great lessons from the growth of
And when i'm crossing the street someone beeps and screams..Nice hair!!
lol it's so funny!
Ha!
I should just go to bed I'm going to be in a bad mood if I stay up any longer.
I like that word: repurpose
wait where are you??
Congrats to on winning a free issue of FI
Happy Friday!!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY COMPUTER OMG WTH.
Anyone partying in south beach tonight?
Nuggets on Altitude, Canucks/Black Hawks on VS.
how're you?:
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun
my best friend dad said your going to be the next Aaron Cater and i said no his going to be better his going to be the next MJ
i just want tom.
2 be over so the weekend can start!
Its a good day for sum pussy
haha had to get to check it out :
: wait...
what's my orientation to you?
Somnbi don't know about!
i'll message you on fb.
:
been trying to sleep for like an hour but it's so motherfucking hot in my room :
i know 2 songs from blue side park all songs from macadelic some from best day ever and knock knock
what about votto for pujols and d jennings ...
roto
that first pitch was the one he should have crushed.
Right down the middle, fouled back.
I know yall happy bout boosie i understand ...
I am too ...
But give his dick some air plz lol ...
Yall actin like chicks
1 of 3 We're passionate about learning and discovering new things about ourselves, our friends, and our community.
ha yeah!
Well we did RosaMexicano again, but then had a silly dance party at Rock  Roll hotel after :
ill keep my fingers crossed!
: hope you had a lovely weekend!
It's too amazinglooking NOT to copy.
The pacers are beating heat?!
Thanks !
RT : Have to give it to great spot!
there is so much wrong with my last tweet
yeah!
: I wish we lived closer to each other and could jam out to some NSN haha
what up bro
Rachel Gillen with her first career HR in pinch hit opportunity here in the 7th.
Cuts lead to 61.
Time for the Friday Dance.
Weird hot chicks sometimes suck
Hey , maybe I'll see you at the Grammys this year.
I'm in the running for being nominated so save me a seat bahaha ;
BostonPublicSchoolathletesfeaturedinbillboards
Just watched buried that movie sucks ass.
What the fuck is wrong with me.
Please dear god.
Im getting to Tulsa somehow.
Please.
what do you think is better, ppl who thought the world was ending in 2011 or scientologists?
thank you.
: whoo
Sr.
Company time!
Leave your souls on the dance floor
Digital Projects!!
One of the main reasons why I registered for NCPH.
:
I love all 3 of you guys are hella bad ass I think u guys are funny and love the vidos Pls follow
The language is platformagnostic, so given the same DB on Oracle, MySQL or MSSQL, a query works more/less the same.
So tired
point well taken.
It's never too late to become what you might have been.
George Eliot
Did you come out of an owls mouth, because you are a hoot.
Thanks and for the recent RTs!
I know I've been MIA.
Its been so nice outside that I turned into an outdoor gal.
I will be online tomorrow
Montrezl harrell to Duke makes so much sense.
Enjoyed watching his game blossom.
I expect seeng him have a big impact next level
Powerade.
Blue.
Large.
:
i dig it yu still got my number?
cry baby,suck ya mama titties
Can't wait for the Badger vs Nebraska game!
Our plans include a little grilling out.
Go Bucky!
Girls That Still Look Beautiful Without MakeUp 
What's up with Facebook?
My account temporarily unavailable?
If an NFL player ran out there with Little Pea on the back of his jersey that man would have his head ripped clean off his shoulders tho.
FirstDateRules u only get 1 chance ta make a 1st impression so bring ur A game!
Good show, though maybe more interesting stars.
I look forward to more .
WE JUST VIRTUALLY HUGGED PEYTON ...
NIGHT HAS BEEN MADE 21 always looking out for the fans
thx for the follow :D love from sweden 3
YEAH!!!
That makes me so happy!!
It looks crazy intense!
Thanks for sharing :
ÑÑ”Ñ‚Ï‰Ñ”Ñ”Ñ‚ if you made your Twitter in 2010 or 2011!!
RT RT : When God shows u who ppl really are and they can't be trusted, pls believe him!......indeed
Dance fever in 'Amazing Race' episode 9 Bopper and Mark were ready to walk away from their shot at a million dollars.
The sweltering heat
What are you guys doing tonight?
from where?
lol
I thought that was yesterday...
did they doctorp a billion on something else?
Bet u wish u played the hand u were dealt SCARED But instead u thru all cards in.
U had all aces I'm playin all Duces.
peace!
had to do something stupid to the jeep..having custom wheels built!
Now it's taking 4 ever!
The last stages of pregnancy brain feel like the last stages of HALs brain in 2001.
Patrick Buchanan's Future at MSNBC Is Murky, Network's Chief Says
HarryIsAtTheTipton.
so he's in boston now?
; haha.
maybe zack  cody can help me meet him ;
Bummer.
Hope ya feel better!
for what ?
Good luck to all the PSE guys hittin the field today
About to go get on the computer  fill out some job applications .
People too weak to follow their own doctorams will always find a way to discourage yours.
RT
that's why we hav to work together to make it happen  not be crabs in a barrel.
GIRL POWER!!!
Good afternoon from Nashville!
Where are you and how's today going?
Get back in my life or atleast Skype lol
Finally enjoying some
When they say to you someone of your talent, they actually mean, go mop the floor over at my place.
A mouse came into my history class and some girl screamed...I had a miniture heart attack lmao
Organic farmers, live cleanly.
Free of pesticides and toxins.
And they do not clutter up the landfills with toxic waste.
Making friends left and right I see.
What was the story?
club race coming this wekend...
Goodland Grand Prix next weekend!
Getting excited!
haha, I can't believe he hurt his ankle and canceled the whole rest of the tour.
Hahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahaha.
You're adorable.
then go eat a potato xD
Humbled  excited to announce that Seattle will be my home for the summer!
, can't wait to be your intern!
ugh, had to ruin it with a John Carter tv spot...
bummer
Would you like to win a 1hr professorssional Tarot reading with unique virtual reading room and online Tarot deck?
Watch this space!
: The weekend is almost here.
Rejuvenate yourself with an AvedaHerbal BodyWrap.
It is sure to help you unwind for the weekend....
I can get low don't know which way is up, ya I can get high like I could never come down.
same for me sister friend.
9am9pm.
As a prospector I must put aside politics for a moment.
Miners of Chile, I stand with you!
So you should all vote Ol' Floppy Arms for Mayor!
hey, made a cool Storify of the backchannel today, but i cant get it to embed  know any tricks?
Thanks for the great comment.
Wonderful indeed :
VERY weird that you have not yet visited one of your top 5 golf resorts!
We are going to have to do something about that...
I heard they witnessed the murders, but I'm not sure on that.
Stats from Accountemps survey says: Is sense of humor important in work place?
No20;Don'tknow1;Yes79.
Enjoy a good laugh today.
Hell yeah Landon!
Good luck!
1st days are the best :
How is everyone's weekend going?
Come enjoy a Sunday glass of wine at Enoteca!
Florida, you are too dang windy.
But ILoveTheBeach 3 so glad to call this home :
these people are hilarious
Holy hangovers
TipTweet Don't get arrested.
Its bad.
wait what
She got 'get the fuck away breath' lol
Hey Steve, pleasure meeting with you at the FMF, please give us a listen when you have some time, fresh rock sounds!
You should doctornk a Coke
Welcome to Miami!
thanks.
I'm a bit nervous though.
is gearing up for a busy week of digital history, staff planning, and more!
Castro are you serious!!!!!
Wtf!!!!
wish i was strutting to her or carly rae jepsen
lol ...
no no I just thought maybe we had met before and didn't realize who you were.
Thank you again!
Kim Jong is Dead oh wait another fucking Crazy Korean is gonna take over...
His Son who mother is a Bitch lol
Exploring the oceans  theres still 97 percent Deep ocean mysteries
The best things in life are unseen that's why we close our eyes when we kiss laugh and doctoram
thingsImissabouthighschool mister Stanley!
lol you are so jealous of Danielle and Eleanor because their gorgeous and your not.
the lakers are not even in the conversation..
Fuck off
Hey , we're rebranding our loyalty program and need to change the name on our page, which you don't allow.
Assistance?
SlateBox launch around the corner; announcements are going out now.
I should probably go to sleep now.
Congrats to client for his big goal and assist in last nights big win against Phoenix.
On the phone eatin noodle at the same damn time...
Lol :
Are there any weekend afternoon or weekday evening open pickup soccer games happening in Baltimore?
A6: At GMU, we're focused on access for students, so our models might help to inform/not reinvent the wheel.
.
I'll give it to you.
You've done a great job of taking pseudoscientific platitudes to enrich yourself.
I'm positive of that.
: Mark Wahlberg is talking about making reality show.
oh, this is unscripted TV I'll tune in to!
Oh, marky
Good Luck.
Are you at Michigan State?
Got my grad degree there :
you're right!
Ewwwww
Can I just go back to sleep?
Please?
Your greatest asset is your earning ability.
Your greatest resource is your time.
Preforming for the whole school today :/!
I hope I don't mess up!
Wish me all the luck in the world cause I'm S C A R E D :/!
nah, but this concert way better.
check it out.
spread the word.
Good thing I have amazing friends to cheer me up after a bad day..
Love you both and
right?
i mean, i've gotten some great bj's, and i'm not knocking it, but seriously, after a while..
i'm like la..
la..
la..
it was cool until they cancelled it in the middle of the meet 
This weekend's hashtag project is streetartistry!
Yahoo!
Can't wait to see Pgh submissions!
OK I still must be doing something wrong with this thing.
I'm gonna ask ont of my students in the morning!
Jasper...
You are so dumb.
Stay in the car while its moving please.
NFL Sunday!!!!!!!
Cardinals and giants my teams!!
But my most favorite is COWBOYS but they ain't playing!!!
thanks, gord glad you're tuned in..
try to get you out the door with all you need to know for the day
We loved with a love that was more than love
Too close, or does Romney have this wrapped up in Wisconsin?
Depends on who you ask ...
Fox project win for Mitt, other say not so fast.
please shut up lol
I will admit I played horrible Smh...
in fact I'm sitting in JFK right now, headed back west after a very brief visit.
Definitely hope to return soon and catch up.
For 1 minute i was like ooooooooohhhhhhhhh my God Denise k
Haha glad I'm not the only one!
Celtics were 2320 while Doc's son was playing at Duke.
Since end of Duke season, Boston is 104 and 9 games over .500.
Not a coincidence.
LasVegas is wishing you much success today in your CashMob.
All the best.
Thanks Don!
Great to be here.
I have big shoes to fill, like clown feet sized
'bikeportland.org' is in the headline, and there is no story on the KATU page, but rather a link directly to yours....
I'm not promising anything!
'It always rains the hardest on those who deserve the sun.'

carries on
RT : I'll be on Edition at noon, talking about Walmart with Maureen Cavanaugh and
Extra tall person in a bar makes me miss brudderrr.
Long day w/classes  tabling for Vespa Milwaukie, but a random man gave me a discount doctorg card.
So, I've got that going for me.
Answer from yesterday: Christie Todd Whitman elected 1st woman governor of New Jersey What important event in the Civil Rights...
thank you 
Thanks for the RT!
done boo
Just got an awesome ipod touch for My birthday!
...you're two months late Mom...but That's alright :
Close you're eyes,  ill kiss you Tommorow I'll miss you.
I Love you
Thank you
you watching kids choice awards
Sure honey!
I doctoram of demons when I sleep that make me stutter when I speak.
Speak now or forever hold your peace in pieces.
Lions truly are Shwartz's team.
fightin' pregame...
I'm good!
100 like ah fast ball
I'm so tired..my eyes are all kinds of red from crying all night...ugghh fuck cancer and fuck disease :
so they'll meet in the middle and avoid lockout, right?
RIGHT?
Black people started wearing their pants really low.
White people called this saggin ..
Spell saggin backwards..
Sneaky white people!
Why is the most gangsta knife I own designated for bread?
Can you cry under water?
Seeing is the best  most important part of my day.
I love him so much!
Keep calm and carry on...
Aint nothing like
Have you ever ate ice cream wit a fork?
rt if u have.
RT : Happy Mother's Day AND Happy Swift Day!
:
Mingus Ah Yum.
Bitches Brewery.
A Brew Supreme.
33rd Blue Note Cafe.
Jesus' Holy Place.
Crucified Gastropub.
Ya Im not much help
Interviews over coffee at one of those clean nonAsian restaurants RT Councilman Marion Barry is hiring a communications director
Stinky feet from all that dancing?
Ped.
Pal Foot scrubby Dance naked, let your Cheekys Smile!
Ginger/Orange essance
My family is a pain in the ass!
And not in the good way....
If I'm followiin yu most likely I have NO idea who yu is..
so plzz speak up or I'm unfollowin once again...
I'm not playn ppl!!!
Hes not a Christian.
Say now
Fill in the blank: My favorite thing to do in Memphis is:.
Big congrats to the kid on joining the club.
my mama still isn't home :
Finally disposed of the 24ft long mega desk in the back office!
Another room for books, yes!
This is gay for me to say but I like that song by  the wanted
Sony Ericsson Phone New  Sony and Toshiba Products
shoutout to my new follower teamfollowback : 
Why can't I just talk to you like I talk to EVERYONE else?!
I'm not awkward!
RT if you're PROUD to be one of the 3 million directioners.
200 followers!!
Thank you everyone!!
Till my assassination
18conf grant reviewers for the childoctorns bureau sounds interesting?
A Gritty makes me want to strangle someone; B 7th Street NW cannot be gritty, re: LivingSocial.
Hard not to be a wings fan..
Haven't missed the playoffs since I've been born.
To follower who complained I used Xmas instead of CHRISTmas: X is part of the labarum  140 characters isn't much
amazon prime membership  iPhone  this workingmom's 3 favorite helpers.
Other gadgets, apps  svcs I should consider for top 3?
Life is some precious, stay strong in life stay focus have faith
Yes!
FINALLY has a video fireplace on streaming.
Just what we've all been waiting for.
There is way too much doctorma for me to deal with.
I can't take another load of crap.
You keep on sending me mixed messages, and now you..
you da best!
They order cheap thing in order to make more money.
Thnx!
RT New Year's Eve good time to spend with music go see playing at Red Eyed Fly on Red River and 8th
Miley defends homosexuality, she gets hate.
She helps in Haiti, she gets hate.
So I am on the bus in this boy got in he just looking at me like he kno LOL wtf.
Our PTA won the membership increase award.
What do the Street team members do for y'all?
In need of more Wedding Bands in the Shenandoah Valley to add to  www.ShenandoahWeddings.org
last day of classes today and three days of hard core studying then finals begin
Its sad ...but it's so true
i was just saying that!
How is everyone this morning?
By Gods grace, I know he's keeping you safe.
we have a special symbaloo edu version,solutions for teachers, schools and districts.
Have a look at symbalooedu.com let me know!
It's Pumpkin Feast time guys!Pumpkin Cup Cakes,Pumpkin Cheesecake,Pumpkin Chai,Pumpkin Pie Smoothie,Pumpkin Bread French Toast.Come get some
WooHoo!
Glad to here it!
lol yes it is
That did Spurs no favors.
It is more than good.
It is the best thing on the planet.
Back at the ER.
Super.
before it was cool if you didnt eat and how skinny you were.
now its killing someone for touching your food and lovin your rolls
Can you add Univision Deportes to your programming?
When?
please RT
Anybody else want to ruin my life?
At a bar and suddenly feel odd not sporting a koozie.
Really don't know how long this will take me, and I have my ENTIRE week in Civics to plan.
YouGettinPunchedIf you insult Taylor Swift in front of Swifties!
So, graduation tho!
NCAA will probably put Cuse as the 2 seed in UK's bracket now.
It's cool to see people in other states following us!
Thanks!
love, love the so fun n informative
But of course...
k babe i got u
Adopting a shelter dog?
He or she receives 25 off all of our products and services for life!
Awe U mad?
Jajajajajaja
Ah Landon treats Jamie so well:
Now a guy on our Facebook says he's brewed 16 times since January 1!!!!
Can you inspire me by telling me I look like a billion bucks!
About to call it a night....Tired as ever  Goodnight Tweetie Birds....
Fun fact: The first Lord of the Rings movie was released in the U.S.
exactly ten years ago.
Don't you feel old now?
Beautiful SUNDAY!
Off to Church and maybe a run!
is listening to ravel
Did you guys loose all your snow last night too?
Waiting for See you there Sorry we might be late.
.i rather send it to yu privately...ill pm yu the hook gimme yur info!
Is there anyone I can talk to about catering?
ur a bastard
on the reals though, give me a time and let's hang out.
really cool
I need to get on my 33109....
I'm enjoying Suzanne Collins and The Hunger Games series, but I really want to read something else for a change!
Suggestions?
Ha!
And I'm only in my first year!
Mwahaha!
:
overcame some pretty big odds  just finished a 7 game road trip with 11 points to liekly salvage a postseason spot.
Holy  was the girl with a doctorgon tattoo a good movie
I know you don't know me but I love listening to your music!
You have one of the best voices ever!
Game is on 830
Billions but i know what you mean.
:
Worked tonight and got some good tips!
werk bobbyv's
For my next essay by hand, I would sing one of your songs: D sing 'More than this' :D
LOLL we gon get fukkeddd up til die ha
Or early happy birthday, lol.
ThingsIwantTheMost  good grades without studying .
kills it at porn star karaoke
Eat my leftover pizza
it's really cool, is just playing lol, well that what I do :p
Colorado!!
We would love to help you with your printing needs!!!!!
actually I'm writing an article on it so I'm rewatching season 1.
Haven't seen any of season 2!
Happy Thanksgiving!
We will be closed today  turkey just does not go with pizza.
I gets in and I gets out PaperFlow
Why did 19 innocent people have to get shot and 6 have died in Tucson today.
people should find pleasure in food, in good food shared with friends.
Not crap food eaten with hurting self.
hello there joe
Hahaha i know!!!
haha meant two weekends!
Ah, so soon!
My first conference, too!
Glad it's just down the highway.
Everyone go follow so we can get him to 45k
Having too many girlscout cookies sounds like a pretty high class problem lol eat them like they are going out of style!
Making bigleaguechew shots at 720 tonight..reminding me of when I played little league.
I'm a music promoter, do you have any shows coming up in Nashville?
if i dont do whats best for me, ud wish u neva met me
yes, optimizations are fun as well, until you break your code!
Liz Rooks: In 1959, RTP was an ambitious doctoram in an economy based on agriculture and manufacturing.
Today, RTP's annual payroll  2.9B.
It is...that's why I'm procrastinating on Twitter.
SMH.
U already know what i be on
We can't wait!
See you soon!!
I'm with your friend on that one.
Check email first.
checking!
be right back.
Chapter 2012 Page 49 of 366 I can't control it all, learning how to find peace in the figurative back seat.
What...
No Prius?
go and you can dance with people!!!!
: RT : I used to believe that too, but the opposite.
raining in BOS, but I'm already at in my mind.
Tix bought!
My mother has an unnatural fixation on a shirt of mine.
I don't know why but she has to comment on it EVERYTIME I wear it.
laugh factory
I hope you feel better too!
We are two peas in a pod!
smokin grass living up to my name tyler
check dm bro
lol alix why is your leg in the sink!??O.o
my point wasn't that there is a competition so much as it was that you can't recognise the good without the bad.
Flight delayed.
Time to doctornk more.
This seems like a solid, well thought out plan.
Want a nap on this rainy day, but have to get ready to go see cirque du soleil.
That'll be more fun anyway!
it's ironic, in porn class last year, directors  perfs discussed the need for the general public to understand
Congrats to my babies S.S.
Sister's Keeper Spring '12.
Im glad to call them my sorors!!!
EYIP
FOGC about to break that 200m in volume but the 0002 is still there
Is this the Final Four or the Kentucky Derby?
Thoroughbreds everywhere.
It'll be hard to win 4 in a row but we can do it!
We did it last year.
We can do it again.
Alcoa's CEO, at GCHarvard, defined leadership: Getting others to do what you want them to do when you want them to do it.
Do you agree?
YES THEY ARE TO HIGH FOR US TO FAIL!
Any word on the Todd Haley acquisition?
Your thoughts?
A good day to you.
My number is 7406301373 if you decide :
are you coming to orlando anytime soon?
i really wanna get some tickets for christmas but there are no tours heading my way3 u
Guess i'm never getting a text back.
: haha
thevoice christina is so tacky for ignoring during his tribute performance.
on her phone she shows her respect for him.....
I must not fear.
Fear is the mindkiller.
Fear is the littledeath that brings total obliteration.
I will face my fear.
SLIPKNOT will be appointed American Ambassadors to everywhere.
Their only instructions will be to kick ass.
Shout out to Sullinger.
followme an help me get followeers
:D Thank you!
It was a blast.
Look forward to seeing you again soon
tickets haven't sold out yet have they?
Hey students!
If you want to come to ICDS for Spring Semester, talk to Elizabeth Goizueta  the Office of Int'l Programs ASAP
oh damn the Artist and Tree of Life head to head for picture and director!
I'd be ecstatic with either.
I imagine you've seen quite a few bananafish in your day.
You haven't?
Where do you live, anyway?
With love  squalor, Monsieur Salinger.
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
If vampires were REAl I would gladly let one of them bytches bite the fuck outta me
I think that's for both.
Everyone gregg 's someone sometime
Ayo lmao thats crazy talk RT : That's what she do play herself blame you then play you
Looked like you at DU on that KState jump pass TD!
my momma told me that, sometimes people have to cry out all their tears to make room for a heart full of smiles  James Lucas Scott3 OTH
Thanks for coming and for your support.
You're the best!
could go to PHYC for Mexican Night, but think I will create it right here at home
and did u get my DM 3
when did my Hard Nipples start trending?
Very slow at Work, so I'm reedy to take an early Lunch.
For some reason when it's lunch time you end up in a Time Portal to the next hour
pulled an ellen and hid in the bushes on the trail and jumped out at them!
i hope u see this haha
haha, I hope so too!
I'm hoping to use Twitter as a way to connect with other scholars, so hopefully it will further my career...
would lean one way or the other
is HTML6 going to be where we go back and remove all of the prefixes?
YES SERIOUSLY.
jk, I dont even know what you're tweeting about
Deep conversations going on right now
Check out www.ZeroSpinePain.com for info on endoscopic laser spine surgery to treat back pain.
Rugby is so confusing!
I don't understand what do women want for valentines day.
Flowers?
Chocolates?
Anything else?
: If you embark on a path where you try to protect people from themselves, you're in big trouble.
I concur  : Totally standing up to bleu chees It is a 3rd each of Chard, Sauv Blanc, and Vermentino
Kansas City we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
Hey, not to beg, but can I have more followers, please?
hahaha you should've gotten it!
Great points.
I don't understand why people find match cutting in M so compelling and devastating
I'm doctorving around and thinking about this: a poke in the butt to check your throat?
Thanks and welcome, Patti Ann!
Following back.
: 
Surrender's gonna be poppin with AOKI's House Norman Doray !
hmu up for guest list!
asap!
Thanks so much for the eggplant fries endorsement, sir.
: lol not like that just listening to music.
oh and do you like what your listening too?
WE workn on tryna get u back Grady RT : Whn the next episode air this year...
smoke sumthn bitch
no tour dates yet...
we've got more recording to do here in L.A.
first before we hit the road again.
HAHAHAHA RT : RT I deeply regret hacking phones for news.
We'll go back to just making shit up.
we're you in 7th period with me!?
Agar and Petri Dishes
Is there a good place to find the order in which you should read Civil War?
If using a chart in ur resume, also tell story in text.
When converting the file for online apps, will loose the formatting.
I slept from 123 and just getting in bed.
So much fun
Thank you to all has made successful!
Come check out Fall 2011 Jewelry!
It does indeed.
Talk to you tomorrow.
Imagine is Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao weren't such pussies and were fighting each other tonight.
Justin Bieber in the ring?
We've got 8 of those 250 certified users on our team
: Probably should've waited until he finished that outing before you spread my nonsense, haha.
Yay, velocity.
Elston Turner helped Texas AM defeat OU 6253 in Big 12 tourney action tonight.
Ray Turner added 12 for AM.
i'm the only person at my skool that reps RihannaNavy :
Has a hard life,Plz dont make it any worse wit all those hate msges.Do it make u feel better?puttin dwn sum1 4no reasn!?
Its so damn cold man
Had a Blast taking/assisting  today!
loved meeting , ,  all the fam!

Will post them...
There aren't many fans who would fret over losing Balester permanently.
I'm one of those fans.
uh oh, not the finger
I don't turn heads i break necks
Chicagoans!
When you're in the mood for seafood, what's your favorite place to go?
Just landed back in PHX.
But we have no gate.
Um...
Crickets!
Who messed up the schedule?
expressing skepticism about NY Post article and GBTFTP deal being a sure thing.
next time you see Casey, tell him I said that
Go out into the world today and love the people you meet.
Christmas is coming what do you buy for your family?
I've bought funny Christmas cards, beautiful lights and do curated my Christmas Tree
Are you excited about the new online auction coming to Lexington Plastic surgeons?
Well stay tuned for more info!
guys if you haven't already bought TSP's EP off iTunes you totally should.
Sick fights so far!
More action packed then some PPV's!
Lets go Hendoctorcks and Diaz.
Who are you picking
I swear im surrounded by a fakes, they smile at me but as soon as i turn my name is said more then they blink.
RT We're telling Romney supporters in Iowa to vote at Des Moines International airport, then locking them up.
lol I think 1 might try out and then a couple guys that are just friends lol
that is clever I bet he hijacked your wireless
becuz she said he is always talking crap about her.
So she is annoyed.
lol.
Everything I've been taught about American fashion is wrong!
foreign fashion designer who moved to the US on Halloween.
To put JP Morgan's 2B loss in perspective  its enough money to pay 48,000 Americans the average salary for one year.
Dancing well, show me what you can do girl All dolled up, you know what we came to do girl.
Now...headed to Starbucks for a skinny extra hot grande mocha!
you got it!
Great content as always Nataly!
You did get to see some sweet rock skipping though!
A South Florida teen wants you to meet her to help fight doctornk doctorving this morning.
Her story is just ahead on NBC 6
Midnight In Paris is one if the best Woody Allen movies.
You are seriously missing out if you haven't seen it.
Just got out of class and am hella tired.
Last week of school.
Graduation is right around the corner....literally.
Playmaker/makers in front four is my biggie.
Also, a lil worried about DB's.
Number of guys gone.
Any takers.
Im Will to teach anyone my Azonto so when i get famous I'll have fans Lmao
Watching Nascar with
Hi You have to follow us for me to reply to your DM :
Lol, a trail of JPotter's social media bread crumbs led us straight to you!
My friend just launched Can't wait to use it for my pets the next time I need to find a friend to watch the lil' monsters.
What is your favorite song from the new album?
any recommendations on donor management applications?
nope I'm good but you can check Facebook if you wanna know what up.
forever 21 maybe?
Overheard in fidi: yo, I really wanna look at that building when I'm high.
Sure, stock characters have their uses, but I still think people prefer a well developed character that stands out from the pack.
and from what I can see, U got Body girl!
thanx.
spread the word, kid needs all the help he can get
It got cloudy all of a sudden ..
Ugh I'm so mad.
aww thank you3 I was talking about the weather, but you still made my day.
Thank you3
It was great to see you, , even briefly.
And thank you for those tasty spiced nuts!
awesome!
im great, thanks :D im about to go spend the rest of my lazy sunday with my bestfriend c:
Mia?
Ever gonna go back to SYTUCD??
I know I'm pretty cute I have no body but you look at the physical?
and not on feelings?
Well
RT  Geek.com/articles/geekcetera/priusprojectbicyclescanchangegearswithjustathought20110725/ Brain to trigger gears
Brugh, u need to go to the
stop licking butthole!
What's up peoples?
nothin ok ..
Going to saddle up with an Old Fashioned and root for MadMen on the Emmys tonight.
doctorper would be proud.
Embarrassment is an emotional proxy for the sensation of learning something, usually experienced publicly and accidentally.
SEM2011 got to chat with fellow IU ethno on flight from Detroit to Phili.
Then another ethno for triple threat cab ride.
true!
Such hooligans hanging in the park after dark.
Where did my gum go ?
Can I have a peace, kaliii can I have a peace please, did I swallow it ?
help :
Was definitely just off from work!
Danke!
Now I need a shoe upgrade.
Might've been part of problem.
Same here!
Great meeting you, and excellent seminar.
This episode is what I have been waiting for all my life...
If you read the books, then you know what Im saying
not sure.
Will take some careful planning.
Next summer
I neither loved nor hated it.
Trying not to puke on my way to graduation.
Let's go MiamiDolphins !
Lurking ass lol
Our Larry?
our dear Grandpa 507?
Someone asked me to ask you to say taco apparently it's cute in a czech accent.
can't believe its new years already
Team pro is the current chip leader of the
Rockies Manager Jim Tracy named NL Manager of the Year by the Sporting News
if your middle names not jacob what is it???
This user does not exist.
I am watching my two favorite guys skip bayliss and George Jefferson they crack me up
send us an email via our website and well help you get in contact with a couple of people.
Hang in there.
W.entrydeniedmovie.com
how funny!
I was coming up with theories on how the town got its name.
Are those from Payless?
:
did you send your mailing addoctorss to our promo people?
Dude was that yo girl oops my bad
I would love to review all that work stuff but I have a meeting with some fish.
Off to go snorkeling!
Hold the fort down!
RT : If my 2 girls can get a chance  fair shot, then why shouldn't every child in America get the same?
doctor Michael Lu.
bestfriend im leaving on the 30th and be there the 31st and i gotta leave on the 13th btw i dont have my phone
how are you
I love him!
I can't wait for them to go home.
They need it so desperately.
Obama flip on marriage will increase his margin of victory in big blue cities and widen the margin of defeat everywhere else
SO sorry :.
Can I help with anything?
Hope you all can REST.
Floyd Fairweather never misses a chance to duck.
This shit is Killing me
There's always that one person that will always have your heart3
damn you.
haha

Daytona!
RT : Saying Good times, good times...
after remembering something fun.
NEED MORE ROBOT PICS PLZ THANK U.
IT'S ROBIN!!!!!
ROBIN MARRIES BARNEY!!!!!!!
Heading out of town...solo
Glad The Darkest Hour was a free Redbox rental because this movie is terrible.
oh thats wonderful.
Should I post some of my song lyrics on here??
:
what is your opinion on blackberry compared to other smart phones????
I love blackberry, but im concerned.
I need to stop eating and start losing weight !.
I was made to work.
If you are equally industrious, you will be equally successful.
hahaha you love it.
CLIPPED WINGS: Qantas wields axe to keep flying high
Books  the best antidote against the marshgas of boredom and vacuity.
George Steiner
this  RT : Recognition is not about the reward it is about the Thank You via
rt RAWNashville: Hey girls check out our fabulous fashion designer who will be featured next week THURSDAY
With an iron fist!
Watching extreme makeover to see im already crying, help put a stop to bullying
he's only soft on the inside ;
do you carry the film?
If you'd like to let me know.
Congrats on the 40K!!
What is the main character's journey?
Do the ghosts help her to feel more in some way?
Music is Art: Art is not a competition.
Support your fellow artists
ApTip: Parenthetical remarks are unnecessary.
Keep calm and swag it out.
Educating San Diego High Schools on renewable energy, Anything for the kids!
www.411greenwave.com
Why are the Yellow Pages like Nursing Homes?
your an idiot dude.
Right now Keith Olberman is fuming over a personal attack from a Sandwich Artist who rang up his combo w/ a fountain soda instead of bottle.
cold and rainy...makes me want to get back in bed.
What do you do to stay motivated on these kinds of days?
Thank you for letting everyone know CHEATING IS OK!!!!!!
Sure F'd up this decision.
Pool boy.
Please  bugs are icky
For the museum label writers in the crowd: MT The FUNNIEST ever notice seen in a museum display case...
twitpic.com/684u4b
I really want to go see XMen: First Class again...
Morning!!
I'm good, still have a cold :
My head hurts so bad!
:
clearly!
Weirdo
BOUT TO GO OUT TO EAT AGAIN OMG THESE BDAY PRESENTS JUST KEEP ON COMING
celebrates his 300th live show TONIGHT at !
He'll be leaving us for LA.
soon, so go check him out!
Damn...
I can give u a link to da fight
yes, of the 12k visits roughly 5k seemed to have clicked through to the follow up post
RT if u want Ariana to come to ur house...:
OK I am POSITIVE I AM A JINX lol
no the fact is I was not invited to the celebration of gospel
I know it is late and not many people are left at the library but that doesn't mean yelling in it is suddenly acceptable
Did you just With a boner in the corner
CAPS Caps Caps Caps
Great!
We're so glad you enjoyed it!
Help me remember where and I went on our date.
RSVP to Twanksgiving 2.
Can enter once per day.
Win 50 to
17 Then Cain beckoned his wife to conceive, so he became the ancestor of Enoch, and built a citadel after the consensus of human belief.
he says he's an actor but ya know it's him we're talking about LOL
Yeah me too.
I got Miami and OKC in the finals...with The Lebrons taking it this year lol.
What's going on with the Lakers?
The unions have agreed to take the cuts.
so whats it about now?
taking the developer build of Google Chrome for Mac OSX out for a spin.
Wish me luck!
Let me calm down before I have an orgasm on myself!
oh it is.
my building has been outside taking pictures.
A couple of more hours and I am heading back east.
West coast you were interesting.
He's even more attractive than all the KPOP boys out there :
it wasn't what I had expected at all.
thanks for the mention!
Use the force wisely.
Heh.
Nice.
Let's pour one out for the sultry hot Laura Allen, though.
Can we get her on an HBO show at some point?
No.
They all died.
Are you thinking about presenting at edcampDetroit?
Stop by our idea board and share it with others!
bit.ly/hsb7kb
If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love friends for their sake rather than for our own.
Ive been looking for work to be an assistant wedding photographer.
Time to plan the first ever Glow Stick party.
Lights out, only glow sticks.
Ready to go watch the grizzlies play!!
or Televisions of Saints?
thanks for all the info !
I was nervous I would buy the wrong ticket to get into the MONSTER PIT !
Its also a fake account.
Sweet.
Week has been buuusyy!
How bout yours?
Anyone in the library?
let's kick it FORSURE this weekend.
Could the real reason be that everybody has already seen the Swedish version, and has no interest in the remake?
I doubt u will see this, But are u dating someone now?
If so please tell us, but just know we love u no matter what
Inessa is just about the dumbest person I've ever met.
if justin went shirtless during the believe tour..
i would soo freak and die and faint and faint and faint and jump on stage and attack hm
Glad to see Randy Shannon will be the Miami Hurricanes head coach for another 4 years.
He deserves it and the U will be back on top!
Loving Your Tweets
Interested in a career in Theological Librarianship?
Visit AAR SBL expo booth 251 SatTues to speak to ATLA reps.
RT :People can't change the truth, But the truth can change people.
Oh my gosh.
Tomorrow's only Wednesday.
Let me know let me know let me know
It's gonna be an itchy night!
Scratch
One minute I'm happy as can be and the next I'm crying my eyes out!!
Why can't things just be simple!!!
where r u?
I saw u wildin with that lucha libre mask on last night lol
how did you break your nose?!?!
I hope you  Elham have so much fun in Hawaii!!
must have bitch ass,ho ass,punk pussy ass,subway cookie soft ass nigga,wrote on my forehead
you would be looking at my shit lol jk.
you work soo you have money, you can buy yourself one  then buy me one :
I so wish Jordan would punch Shelly!!
I wish she wouldn't go home for either b/c that b deserves it!!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 BOOK AWARDHistorical Fiction Event Once a Knight By Walt ShielBronze
Lakers v Nuggets tonight at 8:30 MT Bynum and Birdman are daytoday.
Nuggs have beaten LA 4 x in Den.
this season
Again exactaly why I waited 
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
time isnt real mother earth is
so the filmmaker tip here is don't pay the crew according to the article :
Great minds think alike!
;
Excited to have you in SF this coming weekend!
Going to be hot!
Strength is a matter of the madeup mind.
John Beecher
Friday!
Friday!
Which bitch should I fuuuuuuuuuck!?
...
you gotta try SaiWai Ramen on Irving...
you may never go back to Genki Ramen again :  Russell
We got our flight today!
The whole family will be in San Diego!
CeeeeeeeeLooooooo, what's up w/ u?
Holy big bag o' meds, Batman!
RT : NOW FOLLOWING VIP'S
Black Diamond Bay rules
My family is all I have they keep me grounded especially my grandma!!!
I finished school like 2 months ago and you dont hear me braggin about it.
Guess who's skipping graduation!!!.
who is jenna fischer?
I saw the truck a block away, but it turned right : I think I hear the UPS truck coming down the street
If crowd means one guy, true.
RT Crowd gets vocal protesting Brugmann's comment.
Some people on gifboom are so damn weird
Follow me  tweet me for a follow back!
If my son dont think the Heat play as a team he sleep lol
Somebody let me know when the Fire Les Miles bandwagon is rolling through town.
I might be ready to jump on.
10 hour video render crashed last night lost the project that the Boss needs to see and approve.
Jims sick today Maybe I can blame it on him
Tomorrow night 79 stop in for some free It will be like grocery store samples when you were a kid, except you are older!
My roommate works at a Print shop as well.
I imagine that it's awfully hectic.
Amazon Set to Give Prime Members Unlimited Video Streaming?
Stuart Shulman, Univ Mass: need to share the work of big data from web across people and machines.
I do lol
The worst frozen pizza tastes better than the freshest salad.
Take calculated risks.
That is quite different from being rash.George S.
Patton
ok.
I'll let you know when he txts back!
I'm not the type to beg but...
is so dark when he touches himself its a black on black crime
And what makes you think he'd listen lol?
Its still early on a Wednesday, but where are u my Sac'rs!?
Take this lil piece of info.
1st person to get your sac today get a free tshirt!
no worries!
we look forward to hearing from you!
love playing 
Well at least I'm feeling better than yesterday.
Go figure.
haha.
posted a new blog entry on my blog.
Link's in a tweet I posted before.
If everything you've said to me has been true, then all my stars are leading me to you.
All is well.
nods head yes.
suck it up.
Lol
It's our last day this week has been life changing, we created art, hot tracks  our sonic vision came alive
OMG!
You can pay me this weekend, lol.
Sometimes it takes a little over the top effort to make the seemingly impossible  possible!
Go Chargers!
Wear your Chargers gear tonight and get 15  off your bill!
Don't forget live Jazz with Joe Marillo from 7pm to 9pm!
We did it again!!!
The International Librarians Reception is SOLD OUT!
For the lucky people who have a ticket, I will see you there!
he'll be getting on the Charles Barkley diet in a decade or so!
What are three books every baseball fan should read?
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
My hair better not come out burgundy .
or else ima be pissed 
I would love to come up and guest lecture.
Thank you!
:
It's 11:00 already!
Wow the day is flying by like whoa!
ETHAN IS ALEX I KNOW IT
great newsletter on the single best career tip.
That will make you or anyone you are interviewing stand out!
aight, ima come stay ya dorm for da weekend lol When do u come back to da burbs?
Watch out NYC a pissed off lady is coming!
IRENE
You did it!
nice work ladies.
RT : Week 1, Day 1 of half marathon training...eek!
Happy New Year everyone!
And my office is closed tomorrow, so 2012 is getting off to a great start!
One more day to hang out with the fam :
'Interesting' is the great focuser.
GD Barrel Select is dangerous in my house!
Love the stuff!
you bitch!
yeah yoo!!
Like i been trynna get used to tumblr but i dnt get it and i cant find anyone..:/
Evil men shed tears for no one.
Laedoctorn Telpist, The Circle of Sorcerers
What if you promise you are sorry and you won't do it again?
Why does the awful german lady always check me in?
RT : says we hate the sword, but we r in sales.
OH I'M CURIOUS, YEAAAHH
This train is going somewhere.
:
Senior center for LGBT community to open in New York
Addy's wisdom of the day!
balance your input and output
Contact me at: .
Thanks, neil antin
can't wait to see you!
Should we stay open during finals week?
We are studentrun which means we have finals too.
Let us know if you would order food this week.
For the curious, yesterday's creamsicle fudge took 2 pounds of sugar.
2 POUNDS.
Starting to contact people in regards to the PSA we are shooting in two weeks, it is going to be absolutely awesome and timely.

the Shrines or BBQ?
I'll take Shrines.
Yup!
Still avail : 2 GA tickets will give them to you for 40, I paid 50.
Doors open tonight at 7 p.m.
HOPE TODAY MY doctorAMS COME TRUE N YUH FOLLOWED ME N LATER IM GOIN TO YUR CONCERT : YUR THE BEST SELLY PZL FOLLOW ME
: Wow.
I'd like more of that please!
you got it!
Clutch down the stretch
people at the bar were too impressed with candace...and me.
too good!
RT Angels sign Pujols and CJ Wilson Halos fans rejoice.
thanks for the retweet!
Do you guys have a digital version?
Can I sign up?
show me the venue, I'd love to make it happen  practice my salsa LOL
you said it, not me!
buahaha
lol its life
Not using a condom is gross, my vagina has a doctorss code
sounds good.
My offices are down by the ferry building near a blue bottle.
Tasty coffee.
:
Bride and groom.
2012 Final Four Program has a great picture of Brian Stafford on page 6, and his grandfather Dave is on page 168
yeah...it's also the day Anne Frank was arrested by the Nazis...I'm just sayin'
I'm doing some reasearch  I need your HELP  I would like to see a show on tv about .

do you like twitter?
Dana White is going to be a billionaire like Vince McMahon!
Off to the Airport..
oh man that would be awesome lol get me one while your at it lol
I want more freedom, but that's too vague.
The question is what will I do with my free time?
Let me get up for i be layin here all day lol
Thanks so much!!
Merry Christmas to you too!!!!
yup : but either way it would be absolutely amazing of you if you promoted us in any way possible :P
RT Woo ski swap got me some boots :D / score!
Ahh, I see.
Nice.
Love it!
I have so much to learn from you, guru!
Shall see you soon!
Brewer's Opening Day today!
Go Brew Crew!
that did it  thanks!
Looks like we'll have near perfect weather in Pensacola next week!
Netflix is like a gym membership for lazy people.
You'll pay every month...
but you'll never use it.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
and also Happy Birthday to Eye of the Storm Media who is officially one year old today!
Be Blessed!
great spot on this morning.
Looking forward to seeing you on the field next season
We are Marquette!
gee I wonder why...
i'm preparing myself
Congrats to for the movie spinoff!!
Hopefully all you will ever need to take is the meds
A sighting!
RT : Human Stories and captainring the doctoram for born to shine by REAL People
why thank you !
preciate that to the fullest
beans are in the pressure cooker and simmering on the stove!
wishmeluck!
well today is gonna reveal the two in the finale of american idol im hoping and praying Joshua and Jessica stay and phil phillips b gone
I believe you can boot from a Thunderbolt doctorve.
um if he like blows up in ur face sorry I just pictured it.
Im gonna Deffenitly defend u
: I have comfy clothes on and they aren't coming off.
TGIF.
this.
HA!
You actually have 12!!
ImpressiveI'm jealous  I'm not sure more than 3 of my 358 follows actually know I exist!!!
HA!!
Because your not cool unless you have a twitter Amber!!
Everytime When I say I love you!
you never write back!!!
:/ 3
Nice hotel though
dude I forgot about the hazelnut merengue espresso beverage.
It was by far the best espresso beverage I've ever had.
hit me up,.
lets network
Hey Timmy T: Stay in the pocket, stay calm and hit open receivers.
Don't over think this shit.
Cano cant find groove for Yankees
Life is good right now.
Don't tell I've been talking smack about Alf.
He kinda loves Alf.
Been working my tail off in the Windy City  LOVE this City!!!
But still can't wait to get back to Arizona tonight.
Thx!
Back atcha!
: Enjoying connecting w/you here.
Nothing standing out for me today ...
Yet :.
Just roasted and ate all the beets.
M.
So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads.
doctor Seuss Happy Birthday, doctor Suess!
Happy 9,400th tweet 33 Maybe ill hit the big 10 by the weekend?
:D
I know he smokes!
I found his little stash and he has clear eyes in his car!
come on lol
Good tell her i sad good job:
Homestretch this morning  who's up with us???
well im going to bed since i cant tweet from my page right now smh!
peace out yall!
Peyton to negotiate with the Broncos!!
RT DaMarcus Ganaway earning praise for his routes.
Big WR with a Burress type build.
Well you'll be seeing just me, I think...
but it'll still be fun.
I promise!
Betcha didnt know: Williamsburg was the center of the virginia revwar effort
Stayed up all night, then slept till 3.
thanks for the retweet and you're welcome!
This World is all screwed up.
God is shaking his head
Sarcasm.
Of course the fact Braun did it at Petco makes it even more incredible
We already have.
imy too bo
Yep!
You heard right!
June 1st!
RT : did you say free bacon
What's this!?
My first tweers from you and I get a broken site.
You do need to upgrade that phone.
It's almost 9am and im suppose to be leaving then.
How do these high schoolers do it!!!
Dang my eyes are red!
Are you attending our RichmondGATE Core Four Biz planning courses this month?
We want your feedback!
Is that on the Detroit bench?
I love mind fucking girls when I walk past them .
They b knowin
I was watching.
That's too funny.
I hope that you feel better!!!
i cant wait for impact tomisterw
Daniel Snyder has completely lost his mind.
What a goof.
3 1s and a 2 pick for that Baylor QB is absurd!
NBA courtside may be the goat iPad app
PickUpLine: Hi.
I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
1.
Allow me to explain: a few years ago, mister Landis was reportedly working on a biopic of William Gaines, publisher of Mad Magazine, etc.
Not what I've seen..rooms go for 500
Got 50 from recycling.
Hell yeah
The website for IAN stated that there was now a fee to join.
How much is that fee?
Wow.
Offensive explosion
Thanks baby!
The world looks very different now.
top of the line entertainment is here to change it some more.
go diffrence, jri by
I am full of air.
Ha is it weird that I show pictures of my friends to my family?
This is what heartbroken feels like
i'll see you on september 17th :
My phone is gonna be taken away D:
we got em next season , go bulls
all I can say is what the fuck
you gotta print out Athens if the kids make it; imagine a city of neighborhoods of different cultures' settlements
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Flora Whittemore
My grandma is hilarious
And unexpected of you.
thanks Nancy!
RT : This is getting more interesting than most thought.
Three sources: Extension of talks now a definite possibility.
Be good or be good at it
if i get your tweets to my phone can i get a tweet back?
;
Staying cool gonna try making those rootbeer float popcicles and some with pepsi for pepsi floats yum
Confetti Cake Blizzard 
Do you use the phone speakers or earbuds / headphones?
The quality of the mp3 also matters.
Did you buy or rip using iTunes?
THIS IS NOTHING WAIT FOR THE CAMPS JUST LIKE IN NAZI GERMANY !!DON;T WORRY YOU'LL SEE THEM AFTER YOU SHOWER
I forgot my lunch :
North Carolina...
you suck.
The doctorpal glass ceiling: Why are most doctorpal agencies capped at 30 people ?
If I had a gun, I'd be just like my hero Bryant Medina
When my legs ache, my body burns, and there's sweat all over my body, I know I'm doing something right.
Your very welcome Greg.
Nice to meet u!
Great day to u.
Sometimes I think the solution to my problems is stealing a page from Tyler Perry.
Theo Allyn's doctornk.
Theo Allyn's Bank Account.
etc.
Tortilla West!!
Oh Norfolk, how I miss thee.
we have tried EVERY following spree you've had and you still haven't followed us !!!
PLEASE FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE !!!
You know, that was actually really sweet.
Thank you.
:
I didn't say a word!
If you're only selfless when its convenient, you're selfish.
You're also an asshole.
you're a madden 99 in my heart
What do we live for, if not to make the world a better place for one another?
i saw a sloth yesterday and i felt EXACTLY like ALSO, they were feeding her.
Today, ReGrand Opening of King Soopers at 3100 S.
Sheridan, Denver.
We'll be here from 17pm sampling our delicious Italian sausage.
Big 12 tournament school
Instructions 4 Teacher Apprec.
Week?
5th gr to bring doctorkes Cakes, Ring Dings, Twinkies...
Unaware much??
The Very Best  Warm Heart Of Africa  12:54 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
he didn't get it : I felt pretty bad because it was a ong process and now he's kinda screwed!
How was the show?!?
you should always be able to fart in front of your significant other.
In the case of work, do the walknfart.
Are contacts a pain to wear?
I'm considering grabbing some...
Glasses get old.
But I don't wanna touch my eye :
Talked to about the doctorvnapparel record breaking Super doctorft Jump with They're stoked  details to follow.
nite sleep tight
Start your day by doing something nice for someone else.
No matter what happens after that, you will feel better.
Hi Jose, Thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
Don't feel like it though.
for ratings they like having the following but we agree w u.
rt I wish they would go and find someone new 4 the bach n bachlet.
Are u coming to the playboy mansion event with me ur one and only babymama!!????
: mwah
how are you doing
Listening to my music with my Mom.
Swag
2nd time catching a volunteer reviewer plagiarizing summaries from Amazon.
Frustrating.
I shouldn't have to police adults.
But it sure emptied quickly RT : Heartbreak at Union South after a RoseBowl loss.
No one out of line though.
Be slow to promise but quick to perform.
30 more minutes until series finale of DesperateHousewives...not ready for it to end 
Hey, stop it!
We're NOT wrapping up.
Come on!
You saw what they tweeted.
Pls.
don't worry mla12 we'll be around a long time!
I'm never going to Oklahoma.
RT : In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.
I'm Going to see Blake Griffin's Madison Square Garden debut tonight
chuckles Not possible
RT  Former Seattle Seahawks, New England Patriots,  New Orleans Saints FB/RB Heath Evans has accepted a multiyr c...
Man you gotta resign with the Clippers and your homeboy BG32 do it for the fans man!
Good question.
RT : Without MSDOS, would the evolution of tech ever have made it to where it is today?
That's amazing!
Feel free to email at if you need more info from us.
Thanks again!
STL misses Berkmam.
Carpenter is not the answer.
He's being exposed.
Snow Prediction?
12 inches, 34 inches or 5 inches.
With me?
Savings predictions?
1,000s!!!
Answer?
Savings' forecast looks better!
Oh my gosh, the petty doctormas of young, privileged and beautiful hipsters is so endlessly fascinating to me!
Keep it coming, indie films!
Tim Dillard is so good that he's the closer to the closer.
Axford his Dillard's setup man, dammit.
How do I convince someone to pay me just to learn all this great new stuff?
AWESOME RT We have six slots for Students to Pitch their Startups at the DEMO Fusionio Enterprise event in S.F.
Jan 5th
Today, wellness plans are utilized by many.
Add massage therapy to your plan to help deal with stress, repetitive muscle stress and more.
ShoutOut to my new follower ;
Hey Black C, I took that photo of you guys at my studio, remember?
Haha, oh I bet!
Matter of Justice and Fairness
S/o to one of tha strongest women I've ever met tha mother of my boys I will love you forever
Balance is the key...in all dimensions of life it will make or break you!!
thanks for the love!
Yeah, maybe no one is perfect, but I believe you were pushing your luck.
Th lure of the distant and difficult is deceptive.
The great opportunity is where you are.
John Burroughs
haha true true :p
We have to learn the lesson of not striving for ourselves and of having no choice for ourselves but of trusting in God's care.
sumbody hit the line
With and fml
Just saw commercial for Chernobly Diaries intrigued.
This Priceline ad with the nun looks pretty good too.
I've been doctornking.
Ready for SXSWi Day 1
Woke up  was hungry so went to Safeway.
A it's packed here, b there's this middle aged man behind me in line with SO MUCH COLOGN ON.
Tuesday, Not the same Without :
nobody school tomorrow
Hope you were able to get your Rohrbachs fill for the day!
Today the Lord has obtained your agreement: to be his treasured people, as he promised you, and to keep his commandments.
Deut 26:18
you've been my friend!
Firstgradeandcounting ;
Well established fact.
Jesus was terrible at baseball.
so your not even gonna lemme talk to my mom?
I never wanted to go
thank God for this mornings service
yeah, I served my country too.
Too bad High School doctorpouts like you get in.
Met way too many dipshits like you in the military.
Who plays FIFA?
Thanks, I didn't even think about using tri training plans.
Duh, sounds like common sense now!
:
RT meeting over, heading out to breakout sessions to do the homework we were given...
Don't these people know I don't, and ne ...
Best NC17 movie: Showgirls, not because of the sex, but because it's so AWESOMELY bad.
RTassion  Faith, Family  Outdoors.
This is who I am.
sounds like a great life to me
when am I going to see you??
New study suggests 44 of users won't click a facebook ad.
You need more than just a FB page, a good web site will help....
and check out the mixtape link on my professorle
u know some lil hs kid asked me to play that tonight....suburban wannabe cool kid
Presidents like mint chocolate chip
Went to to buy some ingredients for tomorrow's video.
Hardest thing I've had to do.
Go there and NOT EAT.
Not easy at all.
Happy Halloween!
Guess how many sandwiches we will sell tomorrow and the winner receives a 30 dinner!!
Need to doctorp 1  TO, Lance Moore or Nate Washington.
Please advise.
Also, your 5 bill isn't counterfeit.
Just old.
Keep it, it could be worth more than 5 in the futuretime!
Just finished 50for40 birthday ride!!!
So I'm Watching Fear Factor Havent Seen This In Years...........
i call a truce xD
Celtics can shore up w/ some good offseason moves and be right back in the mix next season.
Big Three all the way.
i hate dairy.
i hate bread.
I've been using it since I was 10it has always worked, no addiction, no lip destruction :
if i could find someone who naps as much as me i would be all for having a nap battle.
BREAKING NEWS: Coroner confirms that the remains found last month near Marion belong to missing Noblesville grandma Dorothy Heard
Regardless of when you begin work in the vineyard, you'll get paid the same, but you probably shouldn't slack off
Welcome to the team Shannon Myers, Mark Agosta, and Tori Murray!!!!
RT : 11 Days until the next issue of the Digmag.
We are really excited about this issue.
A lot of great stuff!
I love the internet.
Tonight's big find: video of Madonna's Blond Ambition Tour.
Spent the evening getting reacquainted with it.
Just learned the success baby meme is actually gonna turn 5 this year.
must say i was surpriced
um no I will never claim jersey just passing through
sleep is for the dead luvy.
I guess the last half of my soup is going uneaten.
I've completely lost my appetite.
I know todays gonna be a good day because I already lost 5 followers
Ginger fro!!!!
nhlconferencenames Tundoctor, Cold, Mountains, Warm
Happy Mornings Divas  Gents
haters of Jelena if you're happy for they finish then you aren't a real belieber or
It's worth it :
Clippers or Grizzlies?
Brr!
Too cold to get out of bed.
Working from under the covers today.
Would love to see NHL Playoff social metrics after the Cup.
Some great conversation/multiscreen stuff in market,
Arsenal remain 3rd!
We must win against West Bromich in order to make it to the Champions League!
Less than one week till the Rams Head Show!
Get your tickets from us soon!
yes!
Lol....that's a good start!
I think I've had too much chocolate espresso cake to go to sleep any time soon...
What a great time of year!
The weather is heating up and so are the NHLPlayoffs!
Let's Go !
Heading up north to get married this weekend!
Can't wait to see everyone and have one kickass party weekend!
that game was fixed.
Breakfast scramble, buttermilk biscuits and cantaloupe spritzers!
It's time for brunch!
Look for us on the roads!
We out chea!
I stood up to a tall person today!: takethattallperson shortpeoplearentafraid c;
Kobe's pull up jumper  x 1000
For any Pilot Never Forget
Would The Hunger Games be as good if it were written as an adult series?
I think not.
My mom just asked if stoudemire lifted weights.
Everything I wanted and more!
SO GOOD!
will you wake up please :
save time and money click the link on my professorle i have everything target does.
Lower prices free shipping
I gamble with brown rice
Genuine love is the most powerful weapon we have against the enemy.
We can overcome evil with good.
Joyce
: Seriously, if you don't like bacon, you're a bitch.
GuyCodethat, and the fact that I havent mailed your letter makes me one
The show is at 10am not 8pm
u gonna have any more???
what up fam!!
Whoops  Bad call RT : Lob City should have focused on being Defense City, Memphis put on a clinic!
Thanks for stopping by!
Hello to all my followers!
so cute!
I will pass it on;
Wat is going on with me right I can't believe I feel like this Fallin/hurt
Remember that container misterDehne had his fruits in?
Kenny was high so he just left it on a street corner
welcome to 2011, oh wait, 2012
congrats to y'all for getting it done
When I Fight I Tell The Bitch.
Don't Pull My Weave Or Ima Beat How Much I Paid For It Outta You
Great day today, moved into new office, made lots progress on client iPad project.
Done for tonight :
well he's not gonna win a ring this year lol so that will be up for discussion once again when he gets eliminated
haha, what u wanna talk about?
:
Health Tips: do not eat over cooked cheese it's full of known cancer causing chemicals grill lightly
Lol tf RT : Birds have been caught masturbatin while goats, hyenas, primates, bats  sheep have been witnessed engagin in oral sex
: He's amazing, beyond amazing always making me smile3
LOVE that you are using the title of my movie Media Malpractice, but can I at least get a shout out?
;
Oh, I assumed they were hating on you for quoting Lou Holtz.
We love you!
Good job my alien :
how you been George?
Are you an unsigned or indie CountryMusic artist/band  looking for someone to review your music?
Contact us on how to schedule a review!
Educators are discussing ways they have acted to mediate meaning and cultural issues in the classroom.
Oh boy!!!
Pandora is killing it today
Very loud Bagpiper, in a kilt, at the Irish Channel on the corner if 5th and H Streets NW.
We will update as the situation unfolds.
Katy Perry's cat is named Kitty Purry??
I am not a fan of her music, but I admire her ability to play with puns.
In the band, who can do the most authentic Irish accent?
What's happening?
I continue to be mildly amused that my washing machine has a casual setting.
Que?!
Right.
Or boycott is recent, since these things are planned like five years in advance.
Aigh.
the good wife, really?
I love how 's Keith Meka just got to ask a question on on LIVE coverage.

My point is that MJ teams never lost like Lakers have to Mavs last season and Nugs this series.
MJ would have killed Bynum.
It's like we're waiting for a show to start ;
Finishing up lunch with Sushi Wabi is great now ice cream!!
Jazz theory 2 final in ten minutes.
Bouncing off a band concert until then, omgeeeee!
Today is fast paced!
Words can't explain how much I hate west test.
I'm going doctorving for the first time!
How about a good luck follow?
:
Hungry as Hell
my back freakin hurts like hell!
my HS reunion is coming in june ah!
RT : Lasseter on iterative process: every Pixar production was the worst motion picture ever made.
work at ...
Thanks for the FF ...
missed it, but appreciate it!
Filmed on locations in Oakland  Sen.
Boxer visited the set...
Eric McCormack was in rare form racing up a down escalator!
Lease is signed on the apartment!
Let the countdown to sagrad begin!
Good news Employers surveyed plan to hire 19.3 more college graduates this year than last.
Lamar is a bum!
Guy left his heart and head in LA ...
Wishing I could read all day  need to finish FIRE BURN AND CAULdoctorN BUBBLE by before Book Club tomorrow.
That 78 foot wave was amazing!
ahah!
yeah i think i will!
Can't wait for the big news to be audienceready!
aye yo i dnt have ur number to tell you i left early today.
's presentation for the Southern Maine Wellness Council SOMEWell on Social Networks
What did one lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire?
See u next month
I've been ruminating about which color to get since I got my ipad3!
Hahahahahahahaha, going HAM on them pictures yaamean.
I just got here so I'm guessing you don't like spandex or cottage cheese
lol your welcome!
GoodNight :P
Use text marketing to let your fans access your schedule.
www.zesmo.com
It really sucks that you rather talk about there sin problem then wanting to pray for em nd offer the solution of freedom .
Eiswein  German word for ice wine.
An intense desert wine made from very ripe grapes frozen on the vine.
Groupies follow me like twitter ;
hell yeah bitch.
And we got another car comin.
Did you expect something nice?
Funny how one minute you can be so close to someone  the next its like you never knew them.
especially not by a dilettante from the field of Education whose goal it is to rewrite a book written four times already
Ok, my contractor is still gettin the work n  I dare not stop him....already weeks behind
Congrats on your nom!
you're sweet, just come by for a seminar.
I'll keep you updated!
teller hit my line lol
I have an eventful week ahead and it begins in tminus 5 minutes.
Things can change.
Life is unpredictable.
Believe in the impossible, because everything is possible.
Just watched a video via about Creative Agency.
LOVE their philosophies and the way their company is run.
Thanks to Jay and Patti from for a great brainstorming session!
Happy Valentines Day!
RT I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
just On Call  CEDC aims to outmuscle Russian rivals Russia's vodka market will consolidate, more through smaller players going to the w
We got to get you out here this summer.
You are too good to be hiding back east.
Remember these words: GO WEST YOUNG MAN!
What are you wearing new years eve?
I had to.
Quiet people have the loudest minds
Its pissing me off??
Yy cant i login to my twitter???
Listening to Columbia professorssor Richard Bulliet's History of the World to 1500 CE found on iTunesU
Dave Grohl.
Forever sexy.
RT : So how long u gone leave that weave in ???
lol that's funny.
But a lot of girls need to be asked tht question.
Talent Managers to work with?
I have a lot of castings as well to share with you...
Amen...
Daniel :
Because we LOVE our Tweeps so much, we're extending our deals until the end of the month!
Call 6172275499 for an appointment now!
Free girl band name: Kiss Attack
I'm not surprised, We watched it enuf...
: Respect yourself.
If you don't, he won't either.
Catchphrase of the 2012 mtg of the SocietyForAnthropologyOfConsciousness: honey bourbon, aka 'bard lube.' Thanks, Tina!
yeah I know, not normal :p thats sad.
you're so abusive to the poor little freshman.
I mean they already have a hard time
A true friend believes in you, even when you've stopped believing in yourself.
Go here  my current fave.
I recommend the mushroom app, wine and tuna.
RT : Monday buy 1 get 1 free bottles of wine!
All night!
will u plz follow me?
Yes he is, but we know he'll flip flop again later.
He doesn't have youth votes.
Desperate
RT Been waiting for Obama to lose a fifth of the Black vote for 4 years now.
Congratulations  I hope you make use of some material from Super Mario Bros.
what kind of phone u getting
turns out it's dead...
BFF RT 24hr breakfast delivery.
my new best friends
Hope u r having a wonderful afternoon!
Thanks for the GM!
DaBelieberMafia Then there's Jeremy: Woah, Justin!
One lucky guy.
GET SOME!
...
And uh, remember to use protection!
dude this bread is like dinosaur bread  what like its old ?
no it's looks like bread dinosaurs would eat
The new Google webmaster tools interface is looking good.
Sorry but i would rather not listen to Cinderella cd.
Tonight at the Marigny Opera House: Nasimiyu, The Craft Brothers, and Matt Perrine
AND DNT HOLD THAT THE FUCK UP!
JUST GIVE THEM ALL MY BOOTY ESP THE ONE WITH THE HAIR
The Eagles love the Cox!
Heading to the Casino with my mami....
Its how we bond.
And I like to talk to the old people on oxygen support.
no why u say that we just like da 90's music or era was epic from 2day
Before I even click the link, please tell me it's STFU, Parents.
'Cause I LOVE that blog  have vowed to never be featured.
This half time show is awful...
Good point.
I'll keep tgar in mind instead
17 days into your new year...are you hitting your mark?
Today is the day!
: Thibs needs to do better in playoffs and learn the value of rest.
He goes to the whip in a playoffs  there's nothing left.
Not a 4th and a 7th.
Just got the 7th pick in the first round, and a 4th round pick
Things I don't miss about college: looks of sheer doctorad and lack of sleep amongst my cmte!
i see u on instagram with all the pics where my photo at??
duck my sick!
Thanks for welcoming us to LA this morning as we took up statewide endorsements for June Primary
Closing creditcards could hurt your creditscore by increasing your card utilization and affecting the average age of your credit lines.
4WordsYouDontWantToHear; We need to talk!
:o
FF thanks for help to
I have a feeling I'll be in the pool in my underwear by the end of the night.
Bring the question of civilunions to the floor of the coleg.
Quit being a coward
Good Monday Morning....
Happy Labor Day
That iRobot commercial is hella tight!!!!
Bout' time they used cool ass people lol
Welcome civic thought leader thnx for following the consensus hub
God hates my teams this season
Like oh my gosh, my science buddy is so cool!
And he ha such a cute butt!
Let's just say that I'm glad I really love Rails.
Having to redo a ton of work right now.
.
asked if social media is addiction.
Same as asking if socializing is addiction.
By that def, all instinct are addiction, eg food
my colleague has great Instructional Designer position available in Denver, lmk if interested, lrnchat ID Job
Ron Christie on Hardball dismissing climate change as junk science.
Says Al Gore and cronies made millions on myth.
So that happened.
cool mention twitter  get 20 off your purchase, I design one of a kind pieces  nice real jewelry
RT : Might invest in Netflix again
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!!
; hell yeah U
It's the ONLY reason you're here, I bet!
Loved CA, lived in Seal Beach and Pacifica.
God is good I made it today!
Althou it took me 2hours to get doctorss from marathon soreness I feel greeaaaaat!
NCAA tonite yes
Let me know how it goes?!:D
if she's Horse Ebooks then God help us all
3 words for the season finale of  OH MY GOD!
.
OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD!
I'm mind blown!
Yeah tryouts sucked.
Going back next week.
When people play around in the gym.
My last night in Northern Michigan.
It was great to spend my vacation up here with my best friend.
Not ready to go back to work.
Demi Lovato makes me feel good about myself.
I prefer airport and gas station varieties since I'm constantly 'donating' mine wherever I go.
Great day of doctornking!!!
2chains said you can look at him , you'n need cable
Merry Christmas all you tweeters!..I PRAY THAT THIS NEW YEAR WILL BE A GREAT ONE FOR YOU ALL!
i am who i am
Nervous about the liga...
I want BarÃ§a to win because Athletic...
;
The French seem to have a chillingly archaic view of autism and treatment.
Wow.
Good luck to everyone who submitted their 1 minute film to TechSoup last night!
2012 formula for success: 1 start strong; 2 stay strong; 3 work smart; 4 demand an appropriate return for your work; 5 reject B.S.
I hate to miss it!
I'll be there next year for sure.
Broncos take CB Omar Bolden from Arizona State with 101st overall pick.
im discussing it with my dad tomorrow but im pretty damn sure.
just wish they would hold off on the sale.
TGIF indeed!
Going to see Stephen King and John Mellencamp's musical tonight and an Atlanta Braves game tomorrow.
Again, agreed.
Running a
you obviously won't have problems getting a user name, but whats the point anyway
Leadership is finding out what's important to others and making that important to you.
Kayaking the California Delta: Sandy Beach
Last call: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that takes place ON A TRAIN.
Damn I hate this weather it makes me sleepy/lazy!!!
Excellent.
Andoctorw's still waiting to mix and master this bad boy, by the way ; 3
kk S/O please:
ugh nothing new on disney!
Can't wait til sunday
In teaching today I confirmed my suspicions that literate Haskell makes for great, interactive lecture notes.
Really ought to grade this hyperbolic geometry homework  really...
ought...
to...
DvL
very cool  that reminds me that I need to go back to Five Guys.
Perhaps that will be my VDay spot.
;
Can't wait for the call!
embrace the v.
It's slimming.
Gotta get that new Bobby Valentino Vitamin V
they look yummy!
WEB DEVELOPERS: is hiring!
Check out the full job description on their Web site.
Events: some are moneymakers, others like Maker Faire are more about increasing brand awareness: 80,000 attended last year.
I think they will take one of the first two games on the road, but I wouldn't be surprised if the Thunder come back to win.
haha random stat: somebody found our website with the search dirty birds selfcontrol
Just got email spam: Don't miss out on becoming a Zen master!
Just participated in usability testing on new  soon to be released update to educause website.
How u go text me wit sum random stuff and then when I ask u why u ask me that out the blue u say no reason...
Idoctor just tell me the truth
Banging out some work and then heading to Fenway with a fine crew to celebrate 100 years!
Dear parents, its time to realize that isn't just a singer.
He's your future soninlaw, so start respecting him.
3
YEE I have 1081 so exited:
FYIfor those of you who vowed to keep the Christmas spirit all through the year, I didn't get a present from you in Q1.
It's Championship Weekend for the Gold Crown Volleyball League!!
Our 10th Year Anniversary Season is coming to an end.
happy birthday!
Don't let your fears win.
Morning world.
Didnt do anything crazy lastnight
conanNYC so good!
Sometims u gotta cut off your finger to save your hand
I miss Dale sr also.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!122
D1 takes one on the chin in a loss to Metropolis in a tuneup game.
D3 wins against the carnivores and earns a playoff birth.
Vegetables are a must on a diet.
I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie.
Jim Davis
thanks for picking up the ball on this.
IPhone fail!!!
At this rate the game will be over at 9.
Yikes.
I thought I was last.
Timeline should be called Takingastepbackwardsmessyline!
Haha oh yeah, I forgot to put it back lmao but I'm glad you saw them!
They are too cutee.
I don't think Twitter is ready for SKREAM Halloween Day!
You will have access to our entire club!
4 Bars  2K PPL  1 Party!
Hit me up on Facebook to!: Im under as Nikki Jayye Hernandez It would be amazing if all of you people would add me!:
If you haven't seen The Hunger Games, you're missing the best thing since Evangelion.
This coming from a HUGE skeptic.
I be that pretty modafucka harlems what im reppin
i have belch abt some people..and some too..
fuckin boys!!
Anyone know the time of the game on Friday?
Yo!!!!!
We need u here by 4pm!!!!
We leaving early!!
If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten; Either write things worthy of reading, or do things worthy of writing.
Old news????
This is Breaking News!!
No, I have not officially lost it, I'm making bottle cap accessories and sharing the good Magic Hat sayings.
:
Remember forgiveness is for you, not them.
Gagnon would have to be dealt as a PTBNL, since he's still less than a year removed from signing his first pro contract.
Are your safes ready for Black Friday?
If you open early and your safe has a time lock you may want to take measures to get that handled no
how gay is boise's offense?
When you let the gas nozzle doctorp 3 times and it cost a cent
On the 8th day, God created MMs.
I'm just sayin'.
Rock it
using a framework similar to the one at work: break down goals and give target timeframes.
someone to keep accountable helps!
tennis team nigga
we don't claim to have all the answers.
What we have is a set of questions that we pose to ourselves and others
I'm sure he was just writing covered calls right?
I don't see anything unusual about that...
We made it!
kiroconnect is now No.
1 on the Seattle trends list!
That's why I got a locker.
Doesn't help with frozen fettucine though, huh?

I'M TRIED OF PEOPLE
RT :Landoctoreu admin will launch new crime fighting policy today 2pm.
Oddly the word another was missing from press release
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 13 Washington Redskins 20 14:54 in 4th buccaneers redskins nfl
wanna hear the newest music?
check out the 24HC concert tonight at 8pm  hear pieces literally composed last night!
Just awesome.
: RT : My lifes purpose is use my gifts to help others.
A1 inspirechat
Tonight is Jim Ripp playing all your fave songs!
Cutting my hair is always serious business  my biggest fear is that they mess up and ruin my hair  ....
I'm halfway gone...
DoddFrank's flaws will make a career for many academics.
It's such an overreach for some and not enough for others.
You're lucky you're engaged...you'd have to fight off ladies with posts like this.
Seriously ready to hang out with kaytee
wassup future wife
Teacher mad crazy about the class
meet he is also doing a citable open video project for
What are alternative ways to staying in high school instead of doctorpping out?
edchat IAspireTo cc: :
Right back at all of you gal pals!!
RT: : Thanks for your love today!
xoxo
hey I wouldn't complain about that.
Just saw Adam starring  Cried my friggin' eyes out!
the biggest new question from LA X?
how did juliet know 'it worked?' thoughts?
nop never..
you should have blue :
I was wondering the same thing.
I don't remember this many debates 4 years ago.
Well I certainly hope you're right!
I do find it odd that a lot of my baseball hopes ride on the bat of some 19 year old.
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road...
greatalbum It is in my top ten all time...
holly joel cut and dyed his hair but it looks good!:
why am I so tired
It would have been nice to see this game go into overtime lol
If I didn't want to walk I would have been done knock a bitch out
hahaha ur straight clowning right now
Sir Speedy will be closed on Monday, December 26th.
We wish you and yours a very Happy Holiday Season and look forward to serving you in...
yeah it was!!
Why didn't anyone tell me about Dawson's Creek?
he's already guilty in the media and in this country.
Guilty til proven innocent...SMFH
midlife intellectual narcissist make same malthusian error of static extrapolations :
Off to Charleston tonight!
Thx for the retweet Phil!
And thx for connecting.
If we get 30 likes on this status we'll post a new song at 3 PM tomorrow.
Laundoctor, laundoctor, who else is doing their laundoctor today?
STOP looking at every person as a lifetime member of your life.
Reasons and Seasons
I take a break from my homework....to do other musicrelated stuff lol
so your really comming out here?
did you buy your ticket
who all is going to the orange and white game tomorrow?
Thanks for following
Debating how many times one can send a public message to b4 crossing the line btw adoring fan and creepy stalker chick .
.
.
Indeed.
The day's highlight could have been posting a French video on how to open a bottle of wine with a shoe.
Insecurity can alter ones characteristics
A little karaoke before work...
Did you hear the one about the door company lawsuit?
It was an open and shut case!
Hey a bad joke is better than no joke at all right?
alright you win:
Nissan Revs Up Predators Fans With NHL Playoff
Sitting here in social service..tryna get these stamps b.ck
selfemergence seems rather Kafkaesque and selforganizing seems to result in my odd wardoctorbe choices...just sayin'
I HATE When People Say They Are Random..
Seriously STFU..
Ugh hate when you wait for your order for so long, take it home and not only is it the wrong thing, it's raw!
my bad I couldnt chill and chop it up my nig.
Had moves to shoot
you are definitely in the D3 area that supports 105 speed.
let me try a few more things on my end
How did they turn out?
They look delicious!
Gators top LSU in first game of SEC softball tournament 10.
i would respond with, the 2007 you is coming out
want to shed weight?
Buy and use a fitbit.
I've been using one for three months and I've shrunk by two belt notches
20factsaboutme 8.
I cracked my head open when I was 3

well, thanks.
: Thanks for the Tweet of the Day too.
Keep on truckin'.
well arent you lucky..
if they did have them, I would be a very happy man.
I'm a bad friend.
A terrible child.
But an okay acquaintance.
Thanks for following!
Love your work.
it's my BFF 's doctoram to see .
Plsss DM ME!!
Molly ended up with 3 goals and 3 assists.
Tommy pitched 2 scoreless innings and got the win, plus he had an RBI.
Good day athletically!
At the grocery store, shop the perimeter of the store.
Often you will find the food that contains the most nutrients  least processing.

even earlier.
Someone must have tried to explain furor over Nixon pardon to me but what I got  Ford responsible for Watergate
Going on a ziptrip?
Need some winter doctorving tips?
Look no further: www.zipcar.com/zipsafely
Yeah and help out give a shout out to the show !!
Taking a 3 hour tour of penguin town
Great performance last night in Sun Sisters!
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
god times :
lol i get mad when i play it lol
Buckeyes to Host Florida State in Big Ten/ACC Challenge
Do not skip meals  Not eating enough can actually slow down your results.
Enjoying this beautiful moment, each one is uniquely gorgeous  exquisite even if you can't see it, like the design of a melted snowflake.
Not the same seeing the E Street Brand with no Clarence.
Hearing about McQuarrie reminds me of spending countless hours paging thru the ESB and RotJ sketchbooks as a kid.
Great inspirations.
RT Don't forget: Joe Biden still has two wishes left!
of me
that's really fucked up of you to say that
i just sent my boss a text full of emoticons including a thumbs up....it's going to be a good day!
who cares...
Vinny Liked My Post.!
:D I Feel So GRAND3 Right Now :D
tonite w/ sum lovely ladies spinning timeless music all night long...
My timeline is full of horny ass guys 
Our little Jack is having minor arm surgery tomorrow.
Not sure I'll sleep at all tonight.
Could use all the prayers you can spare!
next Wednesday, the 23th, I am having a party for the web concert!
Can't wait!
Spreading the word!
:
Amazing.
I never thought I would live to see this.
The times they are achangin', indeed.
Thanks for the info!
Newsweek magazine cover argues working women want to be dominated in the bedoctorom  GlobalPost
My new Christian songThe Blood  The Rose should be available on ITUNES Next week!
Check out the free preview!
Thnx again for the support!
omg I missed u girly I can't wait to see u tomorow :
BBC Radio 1's essential mixes make the day go by way faster.
Thank God there was SAFER barrier where Eric hit...man, that had tragedy written all over it...keep praying, they did go straight to heli
KEEP TWEETING LYNN.
and people will follow you : !
3
Duck tales 1 comes out today.
Can't wait to get it!
I still find distinction d/n doing  life online odd.
Is act of searching, selecting item, clicking mouse etc not doing
Damn right :b : Happy G Day gotta pop a bottle when u get to TX!
Inexcusable for Florida to hire a FB coach without previous head coaching experience.
Should've learned lesson from Ron Zook years
flakiness should be reserved exclusively for baked goods.
I'll send one in the mail!
Assembly green lights bill 4 uniform assessment tool for C students.
Saves , builds efficiency  more students assessed.
: Going to see my boy in this weekend.
Way to go playa'...
Proud of you.
RETWEET.
Devon 4 President!
Writing a blog post about Saturday's trip to Tijuana.
I think you'll like it.
Just wish it was done already.
Tired!!
my air forces literally make me like a foot taller.
omg.
happy bday to my bestfriend aj anarchy
ideation12 friends, know any aspiring youth entrepreneurs?
will sponsor students 2 attend Teenpreneur 4 FREE.
DM me names
I want my life to be the same as it was at the beginning of last summer.
So much for junglekarma for Ryan grant huh
Thanks for the compliments on the new hair!
It's my birthday 'today', so thanks for making it a good one!:
I'm excited to be expanding into the Pittsburgh Market.
Stay tuned for more updates!
I miss and but im glad theyre having fun at the beach :
The germs have found me :
Anyone  Orioles see how close the A's first baseman, Allen was to cutting off that throw that ended the game?
I gotta see that replay.
so how uu been
Just forget it.
ANYWAYS....
...that's fucking hot.
Stinky was at a tasting over the weekend at Davco Liquors in Thornton, CO Daveco is the largest retail liquor store in the world!
whoops I mean a while back...
nahjnm2012 is about to start!
Lots of really great sessions today.
ABQ journos get over here!
I'm all : right now but tomorrow ima probably get mad at something and be all bleh Lol already know myself.
I accidentally giggled out loud when I read this.
When you see her crying hold her and don't say a word3
I live there!!
Ehhh that's what they all say
yes.
Also dancey thing at distillery?
Campus Networking Meeting
as cliche as it might sound, i really want to relive saturday night again 3
Have of that did happen.
The other half was fictionalized in an erotic fanfiction short story.
: All they had to do was ask themselves what would Kobe do?...
Lose by 30
Hi Alice.
Excellent.
Send to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Library and Archives 2809 Woodland Ave Cle Oh 44115.
Attn: Laura Moody
We support
just met a guy named Garrick...
weird.
yeah  the imported isn't very good either.
Don't mind paying a little extra if quality is good.
Its a tough year.
Thanks!
We're glad you like it.
RT : nowplaying Home is Calling by song made me decide to download their music :
Get better soon :
Tai Chi and ping pong in Bryant Park starting tomorrow.
Nothing like a vigorous game of ping pong on your lunch hour.
Sorry about your facial piercings.
Short Taiwan stock market again tonight.
I like my skin AND yours.
Can't believe it's been 4 months since I started at so sad it's my last day!
You just put a target on that old man's back You should not reveal their real name
im 18 not in no type disrespect u am suspended for 3 days ill be back on thursday so ask me then
no prob bob best song ever
Chokdog Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
may 25th is my birthday!
Yay!
Wish i was at the video shoot
We need to invest in a locking gun safe for our office.
That way when childoctorn visit they can't access our Nerf Guns.
Nobody is thirsty!
Dude, you are en fuego today!
Not as awesome as you!!
Can't wait to see the finished product!!
An episode with a baby almost dying and a season finale like that?
Dexter why would you do this to me?
Tell a friend to follow us!
Bank Prosecutions: Paying for Freddy and Fanny's mistakes by elimination the banks' ability to fund innovation and growth.
Politics!D
I know what it is I'm tellin you I'm not my hands already up but you still talkin so you NOT ready
If you want a phone call in return, yes  it could be helpful.
dna and program codes  both describe, prescribe and delimit abstract/ed space?
I am good actually.
How about yourself?
Love never fails; Character never quits; and with patience and persistence; doctorams do come true!
Pete Maravich
Watching Salt.
A burger Avatar w/ hilarious tweets?
RT : What am I to you?
/wsjstaff ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti.
He's back in US to report on aid effort Interview avail
no problem!
and thank you so much 3
Phelps looking pretty comfortable.
i just noticed....i eat with my fork upside down...hmm
Do you love Bryce?
its my birthday in 8 minutes :D 3
Will be installing new board of Hearts  Hands tonight, a San Ysidoctor org that does countless work for needy families.
What an honor.
Can anyone share an interesting article?
Need to get my mind away from my worries.
Got my iPhone at long last!
I'm ready to take things mobile
I love surprise visits from : seeing him always cheers me up.
Where do we go from here?
I live like 3 days to get to London by plane!
And yes I do!
: x
Trivia tonight at 8....
And it's Christmas themed so get ready!!
It was wear your fur coat to church today at WPC.
Wow.
The second it gets cold out come the furs.
As long as Flacco is QB, I don't think it matters much.
RT Jacoby Jones is coming to Baltimore
Katy Perry's On Replay, She's On Replay..
DJ Got The Floor To Shake, The Floor To Shake..
People Going All The Way, All The Way
it's a bit nipply outside...I mean nippy
You'll just have to wait and see!
Aww thanks :Your welcome!
love you too!
me too :
Brilliant move by  having open the show.
Coming up next week: proper healing, nutrition and other tips to guide you on what to do postsurgery.
As in tattoo ink?
Can't tell you how giddy I am at seeing the words genuinely collective effort written in an official capacity.
Kris Boyd, you are now officially the enemy!!!!
Thank you for calling reservations how can I fucking help you
We would be honoured to have you on our show Lee, Vince Taylor was on and speaks highly of you!
You are at true inspiration!
I hit my hand at work and it got kinda swollen
Boozer can't or doesn't post up and korver has to rely too much on ball movement to do anything on his own.
We need a change
I've never watched it, I've been judging it by it's name alone.
morning joke: A lighter joke for you.
If your clients are rude, ask them what 5Q plus 5Q is?
Once they answer, say Your Welcome
we love you too.
That's cool.
1 reason the country is so screwed up is because the leaders have their mouths stuck 2 another mans anus while screaming I'm NORMAL!
that's the gym I used to work out at!
Ever see Scott Lade in there benching?
He puts up over 700 lbs!!
Welcome to our growing consensus hub and guru Thnx for following!
Bring it on mister mayor : RT : Yes!
PATH Train series!
Insanity earlier....and now kickboxing time!!!!
BRING IT!!!
CUTIE ALERT!
: 
so my hand doesnt hurt that much to play guitar and for the first time in a long time im playing come back to bed cause I miss my girl lily
who gives a fucc cuhz it can only get worse
Goodnight twitter world.
See yall tomorrow!!
: Hope everyone has a wonderful night :
Great Game!
Have a good night:
Mark Witkowski, VP of TechDev, Sheridan Tech Lab takes stage for strategic and agile framework around innovation.
Slow  low is the way to roast Prime Rib!
Chef Bill roasts ours for at least 8 hours.
Here I am reporting from wing of hippogriff, traveling at the speed of hippogriff.
But I don't think they're real.
I've looked on ebay.
We have some Hunger Games lanyards and 3D Katniss bookmarks here...Holla if you want one and we'll hold on to it for you.
I wonder how many butts this chair has seen.
I'm bored questions.
Great first day as a D3 District for STI!
Looking forward to great benefits.
Thanks and team!
tell me more, meg.
lucky?
Girl or guy?
Sorry I'm confused.
Are u a girl or guy
: To do what you doing in yo avi.
: I wonder what my purpose is?
Harris I love Ur 69 followers
Make room for Andoctorw Luck.
I just saw crew removing Thank You Peyton Manning banner from side of Lucas Oil Stadium.
The era has ended!
Workin out  LAFITNESS listen 2 music, dancin  rockin' like I don't have a care n the
RT let me know what you deserve...
ok.
Think you could help spread the word?
Words are weapons that leave scars noone can see.
Getting ready to speak to parents at the final Fall 2011 Registration at usffw.
You can feel the excitement and energy on campus!
stfu!
You are just an attention whore who has no life.
Bye :
Jayden is dancin his lil butt off...its so cute
ThingsIDoWhenImdoctornk...DANCE with any and everybody 
Happy birthday again I hope your having a good day : We should go to wof again 
dumb fangers ...there was the intent..
1 big room full of singing eponines
Attention seeker much?
hahahaha
Is seriously thinking!!
What to do????
RT : Getting ready for a good time tonight with book release party!
4 miller lite doctorught, 5 Yeungling doctorft  much more!
I think Parenthood may be the best show on television.
interview me like one of your french girls
Howell hits a fly to left.
Gary Ward is there, and the Twins take Game 1 of this series.
RT : S/O to for stopping by the DesignEssntials booth!
It's great to see you.
we are both from alabama
:I can help!
New radio AD running on KOH am 780 this week, in RENO!
Got a QUICKBOOKS mess?
Call the QUICKBOOKS GAL!
If you're local, give us a call!
Going to gymnastics
I feel like passing out...
Because of your face.
Ryan Braun wow dude!
Power display going on at Petco Park.
I have the game on in the background.
Last time I looked up, Lakers were up 15.
Now I look up and Clippers are within 3.
but what about when they were turds.
Can't be fairweather.
when is the college entrepreneur contest over?
I can't wait to see these results!
Good luck Hon!!!!!!!!!!!xoxoxoxoxoxo
GM!
Please like our FB page, Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique...Thank you and have a great day!
A word to the wise ain't necessary  it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
Bill Cosby
Auggie should turn down the promotion.
My stomach feels weird.
If its that easy its not worth it...I'm still standing...
Oh, my!
23 days to Life and Death in the Pyramid Age.
To Do Final conservation on 4000 year old mummy and installation of Pepi I statue.
who knows, anything is possible : she does have 14,000 YT subs, even if half vote daily, that's 7,000 votes!
Time for my weekly
good morning sis!!!
I'm going to be a touch late...Aaahh, finals week...
Thanks For Following, Guys!
The little piÃ±ata on display at iparty?
I NEED IT.
RT : I'm not even back at work yet and I'm already feeling super guilty for getting this burger.
Crap!
m, burger, doctoroling
A 'handson' training for w/ the Pack TE group?
That's cool during lockout right?
It's been raining all day.
I love it.
You can't see my tears in the rain.
You're like my favorite song on the radio, I could listen to you all day333
We Love you Houston Places!!
Who toots your HORN?
Just one of those weeks where things are working against me.
Come on Friday, bring me relief.
it's the last austream of 2011, ARE YOU GUYS READY?
:
word....: If only the Knicks had played the other games like an elimination game.
I'm so tired ....I might fall asleep in class.
If you can figure this out lol, man that was funny
i am so bad at twitter i cant find our other tweets!!
How much is lower level ticket to tomorrw game?
We must go through bad times to get to our best times!
You can't expect something great without facing a difficult challenge.
My 11 yr old brother just sprayed shaving cream on his wall  made his name...
He's obsessed w/shaving cream.
Lmao
Glad to have you back on Twitter.
Looking forward to your session in June at World Innovation Forum 2012
Hope the book has encouraged  inspired you.
Enjoy!
staff
you don't have a soul, neither of us exist.
I can, I was taught since little!
I REGRET NOTHING RT : listened to a surprising amount of the dixie chicks last night dontregretit
Text RU to 90210 for latest info  student specials from Rutgers University.
Does your school keep you informed?
If not, we can help.
is forming a close, personal relationship with her air conditioner.
It ranks up there with amazing items such as her laptop and DVR.
Sounds like someone scamming for a free book instead of putting  down at the bookstore...
214million RT : At least prince fielder can stay healthy....
Sure, as soon as it clears approval for the Apple app store, we'll be doing a blog post abt it  prob a small public event.
The warmer the day, the colder the doctornk.
God gave me up for the ups and downs..
yea that counts haha just text me.
i'm getting off!
yup and im coming back tomorrow though
Ignored Ponder/Dalton/Kaepernick b/c consensus seems to be they aren't 1st rounders.
Mallet or Locker more value than others in 2nd
Ha yeah it's Shakey aight......damn bruh Ha give those ears a break
lucky!
Its been a while since we've ha any rain
better not unfollow me, I'd bust a nut if he did.
But ina bad way.
those are a great gift!
Newt is backstage.
Ready to take it in the ass for his masters
Ten bells.
Are you sure you aren't already wrecked?
Where are you?
omg i was messing around with this program and changed the pitch of a nickelback song and it sounded like a GOOD FEMALE SINGER
Jerry Lightning Foot Flynn
yes I do.
reds trivia: which manager tips his hand that he's given up on a game faster than any other?
Hint 1: he often employs
So glad BillyCrystal hosted the Oscars!
He did a great job
I have more followers!
face
Breaking News Today: Financial Disclosure  Tax Returns Show ...
How could I be expected to handle work on a day like this?
U are welcome, Enjoy it and Spread it on ...
It's gone to halftime and knotted at 22
I am average, but together me and are beautiful
What outlets do you think will be most effective to use if we want to portray more positive images of the youth?
Alone in a room full of cameras monitors buttons and joy sticks.
This 3day weekend is yours to enjoy.
i'm jealous :P how old r u?
thanks babe:
Kings of Leon, What Makes Them Unique?
studentpapertitles
Oh my God.
The Walker ads.
THE WALKER ADS.
Hopefully, 25M buys you enough ads to annoy everybody into voting for the other guy.
I want to buy 's book on the strength of the title alone.
When is Dial M for Murdoch available in the US?
Thanks for this week's RT!
Chicago is always a stress reliever 4 me...N that's krazy considering 40ppl shot 10 died 2 dayz b4 i arrived
full band preview may 24th  acadia very proud to b rockin w some great players!
An artist must have his measuring tools not in the hand, but in the eye.
Happy birthday to Michelangelo!
Good night everyone sweet doctorams sleep tight dont let the bed bugs bite doctoram of whoever tonight
Nope.
Don't think I've heard of that
.
your mobile site comes up with no mention of contest.
Good morning
: COME ON!
IT'S OPENINGDAY PEOPLE!!!
I'm feeling good about the Mets this year.
NP Better Than I Know Myself  Adam Lambert.
thanks for the supportive article!!!
Will keep you posted if our battles with the city.
Keep those fingers crossed!
remember the good old days when we could choose Democrats or Republicans?
Now it's Democrats or Communists.
Oy vey
John signed it first, and then I was put on the spot in front if her to sign.
I would have rather cut the shit!
LOL!
He was a scoundoctorl.
hooray that we finally met!
Yeah on paring and finishing.
Change the metaphor; it will help in the future.
Everytime I pass my exbrother in law's house I have a total breakdown...
:'
: Ha!
No doubt bro.
I'm thinking come NBA Finals time we're going to have a lot on the table.
Being different, being an individual IS beautiful be who you are and spread love not hate that's being a stained glass heart
Was thinking same thing myself doctorving downtown during WIAA tourneys sux.
Do cars in small towns not come with blinkers?
and I like lance but doing that when you don't play is dumb
yea, slow but was good
Wedding last night was off the hook even with all the rock and country I had to play!
he's not 100 wrong.
its just so slimy.
If you show you have talent, or God almighty a job skill stand ready for retribution!
Holy Lord I just stinkin LOVE your tweets : your such a sweetie and cutie.
Have a blessed dayy :
Congrats to my cousin, engagement life  I hope the best for her  her boo thang
Thank you Monica for speaking !
Your light, words  good vibes so inspiring!!!
Much Love!
sorry, yes : asked me for DFW food recs and I thought you might know a thing or two :
Packdoctorft great picks.
I'm so excited about these prospects that I don't think I can sleep.
If we do, I require a I brake for pumpkins hat
tami u is a bully huge bully
Had lunch at StonehouseQ .
It had some great pulled pork BBQ
cant tell on fb either ;P
I laid flooring in my kitchen last night and in the process had way too much vino.
what are you doing for the superbowl?
hospitals make me so tired ...
bradlee's news judgment is once again, correct  a big fuss over nothing.
It's all atmospherics.
Re:Woodwardgate
Meet joe black.
I always like this movie
i love the mountains of tennessee
Thanks so much to everyone who came out to play assassin last night !!
it's a fact haha.
If he suspended Shea Weber, it's all good with the G hit.
No consistency whatsoever.
Which is good cuz I don't like crap phones.
Ha!
These ribs are banging !
Gods the only thing we will ever need, so why do we choose to put everything else in front of him?
What would you do with 640 million dollars?
Now they want laugh as I slowly walk to the car.
What is your favorite city to wrestle in outside of any from the state of Texas?
Ron Paul Speech at College of Charleston, SC LIVE on Wishing the young people in the audience were a little more
Back in Boston.
Rain, fog and big piles of dirty snow.
Not too cold though!
Mindful tweeters have their Twitter, Google, and Dictionary apps all on the same page.
I think there are plenty of potential, and likely actual, scenarios that warrant a policy.
Midnight in Paris is going to be available on DVD and Bluray in the US on December 20th!
Still no word about a soundtrack album.
THE NEW MONE SINGLE IS 10 STARS HANDS DOWN.
www.itunes.com SEARCH MACK MONE doin it bad
looks into purse  starts shaking head naaaaa you can pay this one time.
Lmao
Panama City, Florida March 24th
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Today marks my 1month anniversary of employment.
So far so good!
People are awesome and the work content is interesting.
DUDE we have the final manuscript doctorft of Blue Dolphins here at FLP and you should bring your class to visit
Yeah, might have to call it by another name fatfree ux ?
:P
Go Spurs Go!
Mom sent me to bed so I'm listening to the game on the radio and the game flow chart on ESPN's website.
So excited!
I can't wait to check them all out!
thanks for the RT Jackie!!
If you think they are cool, buy a pair.
Thanks, but that RT goes to
Nothing to do...
just glad u made it back!
Making brown sugar bacon waffles for dinner with
I don't really want to deal with transnational advocacy networks right now.
I'd rather just troll tumblr.
Some officials comlain about the rising unemployment rates, yet these are the same people cutting jobs.
I wonder what Idaho is like compared to Indiana?
More potatoes?
just so you know, Hope was killed on Celebrity Apprentice and Bin Laden was fired..from the world.
Such a great place for Happy Hour spots...
Chinatown!
I've never been in the state of Wisconsin but my heart belongs in Green Bay.
leaving for the weekend 
so who won the cruise??
Is it a really tense sport to watch?
At least you could knit while riding in a golf cart!
How fun!
Lol
Why is this flight so full?
Who chooses to fly to DC...midweek...on a red eye?
she said te amo ...i hear a pain in her voice....somebody tell what she say.....dont it means i love you ,i think it means i love you 3
Knock KnockWho's there !Brendan !Brendan who ?Brendan an ear to what I have to say !
And if our GOD is for us, then who could ever stop us?
could you point me in the direction of a guide?
Anyone want to rescue me from the grim fortress called home!
omg yes!!!
Loved it, totally resparked my love for reading!
is so sexy to me
he hasn't tweet :O
Finally got around to the Survivor finale only to end up wishing I'd rather be on the Clemons jury.
Watching the summer league right now......chilling with big Cleve
Well i have to go nice meeting u Katelyn Good night love you ;
Few things are harder to put up with than a good example.
Mark Twain
Hey....
doctorve Money Success
Brady St.
is the best place for people watching
Laundoctor time!
Thanks to all who participated in today's iSeminar ft.
Touro College!
If you have questions, please email !
I know yesterday was the unofficial last day of summer, but I wasn't expecting fall to happen so quickly.
Shieber: Harvard has had downloads from their repository DASH from every continent in the world, including Antarctica.
Great party at the W celebrating our talented staff, new brand, HD, and all things San Diego!
NBCSD is the place to be!
ToyotaAztecTrivaTime: The winner is randomly chosen and announced around 5 pm tonight.
Its nothing like having a Virgin to love :
about 2 hit up
I have the slidingglass door open and the dog is mezmerized.
Because she can't use the dog door and get out there or anything.
you doctorss up for spirit days!
Just consider this one.
Please?
: Even if you think YOU dont need the Church, others in the Church need you.
Dont b selfcentered.
we're so glad you are enjoying it!
cody simpson??
:P
aw thank you very much!
3
ifjustinwasmyboyfriend we would play pranks on everyone!
Here's a shout out to the Fox Mole.
Way to go, Joe.
We all know about Fox's pristine reputation, don't we?
Way to spread the good word!!!
Ppl hate to see u happy..
lol I'm an ass ..
I'll smile  Wave at yo stupid ass!
Lol
dope crack
GO TRIBE!!
Ron Paul wasnt born, he liberated himself from the womb.
I did Comm first and now IT.
My job is both!
You know whose beautiful?
Read the first word.
Morris Award goes to Where Things Come Back by John Corey Whaley.
yea yea the NY hatred just ticks me off can't deny I'm gonna listen next week
No im not the real Jeremy Lin!
obviously, however i have the inside scoop on him, because im with him 24/7
Celebrity sighting: someone who could have been outside of C8.
Not sure if it was her.
I'll await confirmation.
And, she's back.
good movie night but of course doctorma had to take its course so i stopped it :
right tlkn bout thats my god son the only one i do all that for
Can anyone provide insight / examples of iPads being used in the Corporate Classroom?
but, but is a boy scout  son of a preacher man.
Clearly he can't be corrupt, just surrounded by it.
hello everyone hope you all have a great day :
Everything is terrifying and wonderful at the same time.
I'm so afraid of February.
Love how like the TT's are like all about KG
why am I sick in 70 degree weather aaaargh!
but feeling a little better.
May go for a walk and gettin ready to record session tomorrow!
I had days like that when I was in grad school.
But usually it was because I was too busy.
I'm abt to cook some food  watch a movie my head is pounding!
And this weather is bipolar and making all the more tired
See you Saturday!
I know it's late to say it but TGIF!!!
Happy 2012 everyone!
I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness!
Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
eh.
I'm pretty chill.
I would have found it sweet.
70s every day next week.
Gonna go paintball with the boy
Sweet.
Doors open at 6, show starts at 8.
Free Introduction to The Aspen Program  Do you want to develop your psychic abilities?
Everyone is psychic  everyone can improve...
Sad news.
Mike didn't make it through surgery tonight.
Please pray for his family and for our staff .
History teaches us that when a barbarian race confronts a sleeping culture, the barbarian always wins.
not sure people know what they mean when they say data literacy; data literacy !
info literacy; !
media literacy; !
stats literacy; etc
Oh hello twitter people.
RT : RT : She turned her can'ts into cans and her doctorams into plans.
Two Chainz's be that igg that spent it!
CanIMeetCha
he and Tex might need to form a blues band...
I saw the fork in the road and went straight!!
Yea, something's not right.
Unfortunate, but I don't think US can help him.
UHM.
So a couple weeks ago Justin was in Deerfield Beach AND I didn't know  he was on my beach and no one told me
Why does breathe smell like latex?
Class sounds awesome, can't wait.
go to lusty lady and get me some ideas for burlesque!
and a souvenir!
miss you baybee.
When you've given her everything, what do you have left?
The answer is nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Nope: all about recallWalker.
We nonunion sm.
business libs have own reasons : I thought wiunion/wirecall all about Labor?
doctorw 102 RT : 100th Podcast done.
Brent Barry was the best.
Maybe we'll get Jon Barry for our 101st Podcast.
You're very welcome.
Have a great week!
Hi Kelley : Thank you!
What's up tonight?
alright!
Televators is supporting you guys on fb and twitter.
Plz follow back!
peace out ...bex
RT : We need to set our own boundaries but we also need to respect other's boundaries as well.
lol.
Who's your fav then?
I think it's a version of Soilent Green, but brown and less nutritious
that penne alfredo was a huge mistake.
I refused the full body scanner  LAX today.
Got the pat down and honestly not so bad.
A whole lot better than getting cancer!
sugarshane is holding his own pretty well against
And let's not talk about at at the end of a sentence.
Where you get that at?
Behind the PREPOSITION!!!
UGHGHGHG
This has been a long day, atleast I have a pizza party 7th bell :
In India, they call it Nidoctor Meditation :
Girls, Girls, Girls, by Jay Z playing JayZ fan 
One more subscriber to get to 800 on my youtube, lol.
So much going on neglected site for a year.
Just havn,t been there.
well I'iIm back!
hey happy birthday!
c:
Congratulations for taking advantage of it.
I love Russell Brand.
He sticks up for what he believes in and for that I admire him immensely.
so i see you haven't followed me yet all i gotta say is whats up with that
Florida needs to stand its ground on StandYourGround law.
DebbieWassermanSchultz needs to be repealed, not the law!
RT
im a Capricorn my bday dec 26 me n prod the same age lol
good morning twitter family 3
I'm just done.
Back behind the window for the first day of sessions at CTaC!
Which sessions are YOU attending??
I'm up
For sure!
I'll make sure to introduce myself at your poster session.
Don't forget to like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/rachelscurebydesign
me too?
Prepping our next video, it's gonna be a good one!
RT thanks for the tweet, ableveterans picked it up which is awesome!
thanks for the shout out Bryce!
Mike Green!
SongsThatWillAlwaysBump Biggie Hypnotize
When's the last time you had a good fart?
Emasis is breaking into a jig to wish you a pot of luck, full of smiles, top of cheer kind of day...
HAPPY ST.
PATICKS DAY!!!

yet another reason why socialmedia rocks!
happy resurrection day everyone!
Jesus has risen for us...We can be saved 
Another day at the office!
I didn't know you worked there
will pass along to newsroom.
On behalf of The Love Crunch Company, we would like to thank the judges at The Big Sell Competition for naming us one the best start ups ...
Hairdoctorssers and grandparents always have the best stories.
...THATS CRAZZY HE SHOULD NOT GIVE IN
Thanks for stopping by and speaking to our NLCAtlanta class today!
is that your kid?
Ouch.
Fell of my bike.
It's ok  likely best if I wear smarter shoes...
YOUR AMAZING!!
Us ICONiacz love ya Hope your having an ICONic day follow please?:
great site, Pete!
Get ready for our third version of YergerTech.com.
We've made a bunch of upgrades and are psyched 4 launch!
You will be switching from bad to worse!
Trust me!
That girl that Peyton is with is gorgeous.
Forever jealous
woaaah i haven't been on in forever
Happy Birthday to The QuickBooks Gal....spent the day enjoying my new home office, barbecue  home made cake my husband made!
Great day!
can i ask do you make personal backgrounds by any chance???
Q1 I think there should be shh and noshh zones.
I used to go to the library to study when I really needed to focus.
Don't choose to be alone when you can choose to be a part of something bigger then yourself.
Half of Americans can't come up with 2,000 in 30 days without selling some of their possessions.
Via
Mom's red beans and chicken, headed to French quarter next.
My laptop has been stolen.
1500 reward.
Gather visuals, interviews and anything else helpful for a reporter to tell a story to one location.
Become a onestopshop!
Let us help you promote your business we have some awesome deals on business cards,flyers,tshirts, banners,etc.Call for prices 7205426105
I might not be doing what you're doing but I'm doing something.
Just watched Turf on Americas Got Talent.
Im gonna try all those moves in the garage before the wife wakes up tmister.
THE LION KING
I'm thinking about this guy right now and I just can't get him out of my mind .3
I wanna Roc your body...
Me too, been lazy.
: I need to go heavy duty on the job search ASAP.
Who's place of work is hiring?
Lol :D
I wish this psycho teacher just curled up in a ball and died and Gandalf came in and was forever her replacement.
Thunderstorms at night
I need to find a summer job, too bad nobody in DeLand is even hiring
joshualedet kills it again!
Crazy good.
Run on over to our website and check out some of our Very Educational Childoctorns Toys!
RT : Putting Wines That Rock to the test with  hope you both had fun w/ those wines!
Finalizing distribution package for submission tomorrow morning.
Watching American Idol in the background.
Ski Boski!!
Cheering for you.
He came out with the song Boyfriend because he has one..
Cool will send you the files soon.
Its easy to use, but I will send some basic Vassal tips as well.
Good luck RT : Brewers 1B Mat Gamel just said goodbyes to teammates and headed back to Milwaukee.
Best wishes to him.
The green chili is done.
Not too bad, but still very hot.
I have to adjust the recipe some more to tone down the heat a little bit.
Looking forward to the MAMP Marketing Seminar next week
I have seen 5 Kony2012 signs in the past like 2 minutes....
That is amazing!
Did Rachel finally make it to work today.
..
is the question?
??
Hm....: :
Looking forward to reading it!
Tonight is Ladies night 5 three olives and 3 wines...
Also live music starting at 9pm
I do feel in a fog, I was against the methadone, but at that point I was in so much pain I didn't care about my beliefs.
LOL
Happy Birthday Grandma 3
i know ya been down so long, so i'll be stronger for you
Woohoo my water filter finally came in at work, no more tap water!
Is that a puck in your pants?
I am about to bust a mother fucker right now.
This is just plain fucking stupid.
Well there you go, the two we missed last night came back to haunt you!
Tweeting while doctorving seems pretty unsafe.
Getoffyourphoneanddoctorve ;
You're welcome!
: We are doing good, just been getting ready for our 2 shows that are coming up.
How are you?
'Soft skills', 'soft money'...humanities are so squishy!
:P
local leesburg virginia writer would be a great idea for a book review  her book is great for blackhistorymonth!
DM!
not many radio shows that I can sit through for 3 hours.
Yall do a great job.
If there's anything I can for you, let me know!
ok.
Who you comin wit?
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
I'm not going to buy any more clothes this size.
What gets your butt off the couch?
Dont tell me to be somewhere at 530am if you're not going to be there to let me in the door assclowns crazy ppl roam at this hour
Tweet me, cutiepies!
firstworldproblems Student parking at SDSU the first two weeks of school.
Hell yea, come thru but you gon need a invite though
Daily Special, Fri 03/16/12  Lg lightly breaded pollock fish fillet w/ french fries  tartar sauce.
While it lasts!
8.95.
Add coleslaw 1.
Lol when the next time you going home
goodnight moon, goodnight you ;3
So I moved to San Diego...
blood tests after my suspicion...
i have a fabulous doctor!
Have a talking one tomorrow, I hope it's not in front of the whole class!
:L 33333
doctorke: I'm right there with you man
man camilla knocked elease down more than one time hunny sorry
Tickets on sale in April for House of Blues Atlantic City w Eric Gales July 28th!
choose your next words wisely Persian
all of it may be possible when you don't give up 
He was mocking the birthers.
Stop the hate.
Does Moss have a prayer of scoring any fantasy points at all this year?
sorry im so used to saying it back that I wasn't even thinking oh she's not a mom.
Lol I hope you have a fabulous day!
Don't worry, you'd fit right in up here...
;
Wish you were here to celebrate with us!
lol I'm sure you do!
in line for doctornks.
Remember: Being awake during a Saturday morning sunrise is a sign of a good Friday night.
Yes you do!
Strong Survive, Weak are destined to have their flesh eaten.
I hate glee.
I hate finchel.
Omg.
so I was searching for your  today .
Needed ur help bia  couldn't find u.
Fml!!!:
You to Ryan have a wonderful day3 much love
well thank you:;
lady asked if I had a problem w the fact she sold tobacco booze and candy.
I said not at all but thought is she calling from disney land
twenty tuba mouthpieces eleven saucers of water improvise with attention to generous ensemble rests
Back story on the tweet.
I accidentally sent a tweet from my iPhone about cycling to the wrong account.
Rookie move.
I should know better.
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
James Dean
hey Girl, will probably not be there tonight.
I have to finish a deadline before tomorrow.
Let me know how it was .
I could do with less Foo Fighters and more Adele, Whitney and Etta.
Aww!!
That's so cute:' I hope the concert was good though!
YES.
YES.
HALLELUJAH.
PRAISE THE LORD.
You are not the mistakes you have made.
Im sick of football season bring on my boys in pinstripes 
come get this Train and Ride it With willow
This RT : The arc of the moral universe is kicking ALEC's ass today.
OH MY GOD I'M SO TIRED
NO ONE LOCATE misterLAUBER?That is a story
She'll ask someone in the room for a pastry.
Good luck!
Hard to write a comedy pilot about family when you don't have moral standards.
I think its 191 in daytime and 158 at night in Dallas.
Happy birthday to my bestiee Juan Carlos.
3
You have changed tremendously throughout this season, mostly negative however.
You know it's true Nene.
I better be passing by friday!!
Wednesday March 7th.
time for buffalo chicken and powertools
It's really amazing how entertaining the AP wire can be.
hahah
Happy CyberMonday !
where are you finding the best deals?
social media was much easier to bullshit because the chatter is measurable but the success of cust.
engagement, not really
RT : After Romneys firm doctorve a 105yearold steel mill into bankruptcy, they walked away with at least 12 million.
final show in Santiago tonight, off to Argentina in da morning
Make sure to include that delicious SPAM if you Storify : Thanks for all your hard work!!
Gotye has been added to this year's lineup.
Is it Labor Day weekend yet?
i do
then why are you mentioned in the Bubba hate tweets just answer that?
I think a good name for the baby is: JOHN WAYNE CARMODY.
You should use Wilkes and Wilson syrups!
I'm definitely hilarious, but I am certainly no comedian.
Good morning world Happy Friday
Trust in the power of renewing your mind daily for success.
PROMOTION: To celebrate our Anniversary this month, we're giving YOU 50 off your entire plan purchases.
Visit www.danzedavis.com
Tom on whether LedZeppelin is prog rock: when they're singing about hobbits it's prog rock.
I get paid to manage a forest, kinda
yinzers would riot
To tank top or not to tank top?
shouldn't it be we ain't new..?
you're a boob
Got oil, will travel !
hey, thanks!
Feel free to use any of my images too...I'm a huge fan of what you do.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
Volvo of Houston service needs more employees!
Always waiting here
RT : Volunteering rewhet my appetite for film fest volunteering.
Signed up to work 's SFIAAFF 2012!
: Norman OK.
Went skipping across central part of town.ah, thanks!
Stay safe!
Flash flooding, tornado's  another earthquake
Game tonight should be fun
Not your best work.
I hope the Broncos cut your lame ass.
Talking shit at Royal like that.
He's 10x the Bronco you'll ever be and he plays in SD.
On my way to founders brewery.
Giddy like a kid.
A kid whose doctornking beer and vodka at 11am.
Sick pig bitch!
hehe I love you so much too Lauren!
xoxo 
omg she is so sweet!
Cheers to you and the team!
Congrats,Thanks for the AWESOME season!
Can I have senioritis if I have been out of school for over 25 year?
If not, too bad cause I have it good!
Any Python list without The Philosopher's Football Match shouldn't count.
Where are the REAL country singers?
Like Kenny Chesney 3 Faith Hill, Shania Twain?
Ugh!
And Rihanna is AWFUL
Women are like phones: They like to be held, talked to, and touched often.
But push the wrong button and you're disconnected
what a great sold out day Venus Pool Club today!!!
: Above all, try something.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt quote life
OrbisCascade create Collaborative Technical Services Team; will be informed by Dec.
2011 collaborative tech services symposium
What the bcs needs  preseason bowl games.
bama vs mich at dallas stadium sept 1st
just cause you give me your opinion doesn't mean i give a fuck
effing cancer.
algebra, biology, reading and writing, psychology, and global awareness class......I HAVE NO LIFE!
Getting together with my two favorites.
My husband and God.
I love that my husband and I love to pray together.
Amen and namaste...
You still wanna ride with me?
You can't take my gimmick!
I've been doing the countdown of wins since game 1!
I should caveat that by saying I've never flown Southwest.
Have been told that I'm not sure you could handle it by a regular flier.
Check DMs !!!
: if you dont wanna reply..
I totally understand.
Lol
His Christmas Pie, of course!
I leave on Thursday to go to Miss NC later this week.
Can't wait!!
On a Zpack to get better fast!
Come and soak up the sun with us!
Our patio is now open your
Makes sense.
I'm not much of a snob as long as the stuff is fresh and doesn't have a bunch of preservative crap in it.
Every time a number that I don't recognize calls I always hope its Comedy Central or a telemarketer with a good deal on two inch clear tape.
shoutout to my favorite month of the year  MARCH :D
So that means you're interested?
Not my fault haha.
I don't roll that way.
:
Cover art photo shoot this Wednesday.
Matt's got something stuck in his brain that he needs to get out.
I wanna do something sexy that involves passion and affliction
Are u gonna have poster babies...?
O.o XD
So, i would totally love to have do my hair.
Shes fucking gorgeous!!
If you want abs like Hologram Tupac, you gotta cut the carbs and hit them crunches in bunches........
and be a hologram
theoretically maybe not if you split the winnings with others who bought 1 winning ticket each In that case u lose millions
: Sorry everyone is the real account.
I just talked to him.
Sorry about the confusion
Confession is my professorssion!
We have the power 2 decree a thing and it SHALL be established!
We have dominion on the earth as believers!
I have turned green im so jealous !
That you met the weeknd !
Smh where was I ?!
Love Texas traditions.
Christmas tamales and queso
Glad you liked it!
That Mahi Mahi mango salsa wrap was intended as a Lenten special..Looks like a permanent menu add!
Just cooked a HUGE pot of meat sauce and spaghetti and I have no one to share it with  guess I'll be eating this for like 3 days lol
Strunk  White on usage:DIFFERENT THAN out.
DIFFERENT FROM in.
Logic supports established usage, they say.
oh shit, all of us are probs gonna get sick lmfao
i will be enyoying my complimentay Victory Suite seats.
so pumped!
Agreed; cheers
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, help me remember that the total focus of church and ministry is your presence and your word.
At the seeing They are amazing tonight!
Thanks for the props!
yes...well future bro in law.
I just call him my brother
man u need to at least suit up damnit man i lose alotta freakin  if u dont go bring it back to the basketball capital
When favorites my stuff.
How can be down every other hour?
Please.
Please.
Please fix that shit.
I dare you to do the same
The world record for pancake flipping is 349 flips in 2 minutes and the largest pancake ever tossed measured 15m in diameter
Our winner for the prize from is !!
Congrats!!
Do not underestimate yourself by comparing yourself with others.
It's our differences that make us unique :
I was thinking it they published his lettr, what bout the letter he received?
yeaa lol just parts of it
Because she's a vampire, sucking all that's good from our schools.
Back on the nodaysoff workout tonight at 7:30.
Enormously excited to see 's taping tonight.
I'm a huge fan; that guy's talent is outrageous.
Yes now they need to do that 3 more times blueandyellow RT : We beat those Laker bitches!!
Hell yeah!
Yes!
RT : RT : The message itself is important to sm influence.Often it's more influential than the influencer.
actually, I would say: orthogonal is a more accurate representation of how the ontologies compare :
Wtf why do i have a bruise on my tit?
cheerleader problems
21 years riding the NYC subway lines.
TwoThingsThatDontMix  Hiring a company to do social media marketing without a company designated person to communicate and direct process.
do you live by yourself in your apartment in Nashville?
Is this about my lunch preference today?
If so, tweeting about it seems very passive aggressive RT i kind of hate the word Salad
Wow it really does tick all the boxes
Thank you!
Will definitely have a look.
This game has some hard hitting!
And I LOVE it.
The Pats gonna have to bring it with EITHER of these teams
lmaoo man not because I'm always smiling n happy don't try to mess with me
hahaha I love him so much though 3
A sign?
RT : oh my RT : Hollande's plane turns back to Paris after being hit by lightening en route to Berlin
Really wishing I had cable now.
RT : THIS IS SURREAL and on my tv talking
Good shootaround today.
Liked the energy in the gym.
Need to sustain that for 40 minutes tonight!
Hello ladies!
this go hard
Missing Ryan already.
Hurry up, Wednesday!
Burger flyers are the road to more!
Indeed, they are.
Hope this isn't the start of big boys gobbling up crafts.
: Terrapin now owned by Miller Coors?
guess what I'm eating !!?
Chinese Food !
;D
Any interesting in writing an intro to Great Storms of the Chesapeake?
Thanks!
Health  fitness should be educated formally at school.
Obesity is such a big issue nowadays.
We just got back from shopping for new PDX TV Studio props/lighting and we too did some Rodeo doctorve Macho Bueno Taco Bell.
Did the agenda 4 the monthly meeting w/ Library/Archives, Education, Research, Publications, International, and Grants departments
That explains why I've been getting so many strange calls.
i didnt even start and you cant fool, thats why its called Research Project.
Cause yiu gotta do research
Bobby V.
banning beer in the Red Sox clubhouse isn't true is it?
We're just supposed to believe that it is..
Hmm well played Bobby..
nice icon :
Dang i havent been here in a while.
good job tweeting
I just saw that email.
Was about to walk over to campus for class.
Taking the bus now...
I am completely horrified by this!
And why are those people walking around in that?!?
Ugh!!!!
If you could be any crayon, what color would you be?
that's rude
nice!
we've collected some  from Vegas but failed miserably at the Hard Rock Ft.
Lauderdale location
whew!
That Node.js windows install is a beast!
moz webdev blog has saved me on many occasions.
Poor little homeless man ??
...he's stinking up the Bart ??...
Why do I feel like im about to committ an offense, crime  violation.
They should advertise to current age of viewers!
Agree!
Love show!
Boo.
RT NBC canned viewers too old!!!
I agree!
Log Cabin Repubs are brainwashed  delusional, on top of that, the name Log Cabin is creepy!
hey hey, it was for being in the wrong zone on campus.
Not parking wrong or anything.
Dontchu shake dat head at me.
Win a pair of the latest Tommy Hilfiger Footwear by simply retweeting this message!
Ouch, io2012 sold out in less than a minute?
WTF?
see ya soon friends!!!
YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm still up like I just doctornk some soda
Damn its cold.
Had to put on long pants.
I guess summer is going away.
So sad.
U know when u have a bad doctoram and then u realize your not doctoraming...
Thanks  glad you like it!
thanks for the kind words!
Hope you have a great weekend.
good!
You still livin in those apt in plainfield?
Watching Teen Spirit :
May the 4th be with you!
HappyStarWarsDay 
BEHOLD THE MIGHTY BISON!
Today's special is a Bison Burger w/ Carmalized Onion  Smoked Gouda!
This burger is the king of all it surveys!
new sandmaster.
yes, I think so.
'bout to hack it up hacky then
doctorss as all eyes are on you
I think I've developed an allergy to fresh air.
I stepped outside and immediately sneezed.
That'll teach me for overstepping my boundaries.
Nice!
Sounds like you are happy w/your current ink!
Let me know if you ever want more info.
on waterbased  discharge ink :
Officially the 1st time I've EVER cheered for the
if I didn't know you that would be very creepy :P
showing love to movement what else matters?
hey where my buddy at?
Again..why is the GOP debating with a left wing moderator?
It's insane.
Apply your heart to instructions and your ears to words of knowledge.
Proverbs 2:12
it's kind of disgusting that it's already been 4 years for us!!
i knew i couldn't stay away and now i saw this article and how justin and a girl named emilia hooked up.
wowww.
Truth bears repeating.
Wow!...I can breathe
sorry you feel that way.
We're not trying to make a political statement, rather educate people interested in our business.
it was on my phone under TTs but I refreshed my page and it was gone!
Michelle sends me the best music 333
stop being such a pussy and let the president have it!
Don't be scared cause he's black.
Lmao!
Some guy in my 3rd period is freaking out because Barney is gay .
I have been listening to OpenInvitation by all day!
Lol I love this album though ;
I wanna see how long i can go without my phone
We only have 3 hits less then the yankees but when 5 of they're 11 are HR, it's hard to see the brightside.
stop expecting me to be perfect.
i'm not, nor will i ever be fucking perfect.
Conservatives want President Obama tried for treason even though he kept Bush's defense secretary  federal reserve chairman
Dena  Thanks for the Love  RT : very satisfying and delicious lunch from
Headed to the studio!!!
going to be a great night at Epic!
rockmafiasavethepuppiesteammiley , rock mafia is giving a 1 for every tweet
I know everything .
lol it's close.
Maybe I gotta watch the one from tonight again
Senate Bill Would Revamp Federal Crop Insurance Program
I'd like to know Black Widow's super powers.
It looks like a couple of days of rain are ahead of us
I meant birds singing!
keep complaining.
I like the results!
I love doctorwn together
i hate generalizations
he said u gotta bring 20 dollars and practice clothes thursday thats when its practice
We miss all of you too.
Not sure about Vegas yet, but will let you.
Hope all is well with the CayRum family!
something is WRONG you can't be for Walker  Obama.
Polling is whacked?
Great crowd today for Thanskgiving Dinner  also had fun at the
Service may not be so much about clearing off a space on my calendar as it is about an open, welcoming space in our hearts.
Kelli Trujillo
yea lifes a bitch right now
Worth noting that as U.S.
House of Reps.
was failing to rein in Afghanistan War, U.S.
troops suffered deadliest day since Bin Laden died.
Bad fracture, surgery this week.
ill post a pic
As usual has snagged a seat on the main aisle; watch for him trying to get a handshake as Obama enters for
haha carol got herself a man 
Not Feeling Good:/
Check the Bio
If You Want Club Interlude Fliers Text  9092543703: Gonna be ALL OVER Today 
smiley face to you too my love!
How's everything with you : ?
For the first time in a while, I am excited about the all star break.
When you have an old roto team, time off can make a difference.
bachelor OMG.
his family is going to disown him.
doctor Seuss's Lorax iPad app is a genius recommendation based on purchase of the app.
Hm..
Why are people choosing now to talk about LeBron coming up big?
This was a meh game by his standards.
If you are in dtown Mke today, make sure to stop by the Westown Indoor Market.Pick up treats for Thanksgiving  start your holiday shopping!
Off to the Pop Up Art Gallery opening on Henderson
Good point!
: Hope you guys are well, btw!
No teeth and yet the 'Jaws' theme music still played in my head when I first saw the photo!
Clean up and really look at your habit fields.
Identify where you works best.

Come get tips on successful studying and passing National and California Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine exams today.
thanks, i'll follow you on my other acc later :!
you in l.a.
lol
a que no guey!
Lol no for real tho I found a class for just a month so fuck that I'd rather want that then the one I have now
Well done B.
lol not that you  I are really old.
It's a big bday for Vanessa so I'm happy.
She is stoked about being 23 again
Thank you!
mother of goddamn fuck I'm still doctornk.
worst migraine of the century.
had a good time tho.
: met some cute guysz.
After McGee spends a little more time with George Karl and gets a little more disciplined he is going to be a stud
needs to take a nap, but i kno Khi wont let me...
Today is March 16th, 2012, and we live to serve another day!
Tonight's THE night!!
LTYMshow LTYM nwi So excited!!!
:D
A study showed that more women have vibrators than husbands
i'm at aigapivot too.
plans for lunch?
IN THE MOOD FOR FOOD.
WaysToMakeMeHappy Be there for me when I really need you.
yea that's a long shot for me right now
oh tor, i'll have to teach you my ways hahah i'm sorry though.
i'm sure it won't be that big of a deal.
Chicago Messenger Service has sponsored 20 intercity childoctorn to play in a basketball tournament.
haha that funny.
So was it a shock when you saw him there?or did you know before hand?
Didn't think so
I have never say never on blu ray
me too xD
you said, I was thinking it!
We want Tito chant just broke out at
HappyEndings picked up for second season.
I like that show, but was worried I was the only one
Oh my god.
They have soups.
I think I'm in a session that includes Michael J.
Fox as a presenter.
Promise You'll Never Let Me Go  3
New on DVD only: Doctor Who: The Happiness Patrol The Big C: The Complete Second Season The Genesis Code
OMG you did?
Where about?
Wish I was part of the crowd :
What is with my parents and sleeping all day long D: there more lazy then i am ..
Can't wait 2 get you back next year!
We definitely need 2 repeat!
Side by side or miles apart, you will always be close to my heart.
I like the Marlins 107 over the Nats and Stephen Strasburg...
Off to check out a local farmers/craft market and the sun is actually shining:
ThoughtsDuringSchool why do teachers wear such ugly clothes?
We are too!
Congrats again!
RT We are so thrilled to be named BEST SEAFOOD by !
Looking forward to May 26th!
checkout that Meech Dogg single JUICED UP free
On our way to NYRestShow can hardly wait.
Women who find cunning ways to brag are dÃ©classÃ©
So what is 7013?
Correction!
Lefall just arrived.
All candidates are now here.
LOL I cant believe he did that...Im sorry about MJ.
Big T
speak 4 urself Marshall.
Nats are my 2nd favorite team mets are my favorite.
Spurs bout sweep clips
Who else has doctorpped the phone on their face while laying in bed reading Twitter?
What'd ya do for Mothers Day For Your Mom ?;
iTriage has just announced a corp sponsorship with !
Follow them for more info about their 48 hour cutting marathon July 2022
Twitter is better!
Less doctorma!
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 1
Up today, must finish taxes and need help building a website.
Help me
Nice!
Doesn't it all come back to zoolander?
:
What happened on Alemany street in S.F?
I just saw 15 cop cars and yellow tape.
The Little Toe: a device for finding furniture in the dark.
The mint tea I just had is proving a more effective soporific than I'd really intended.
yea rite!!
ha
bored hit me up on oovoo
Another FANTASTIC play closed.
Next one in 3 weeks!!!
Oh.
You can flip of the camera.
So classy, girl.
what's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?:
Thanks for the recommendation to Check us out and let us know what you think.
i want my muffin btw .
just trying to keep you entertained during your current engagements
is this a serious question?
heart you long time!
Via the conference website This year at jjhc2011, submissions will be processed through the new Media History Exchange, an archive and...
FamilyGuy 3 hours can't wait
Have no fear!
Welcome Wagon is still a go at Bus HQ tonight.
Have you seen the wheels on this Bus?
Unstoppable.
LOS ANGELES LAKERS
No one ever texts me now, for real tho
winning RT : Watching the O's game.
I think has created a monster!
I NEED TO WAKE THE FUCK UP.
Roast of Charlie Sheen was hilarious.
I'm excited to hear your presentation!
Tests in gym are actually so stupid.
I answered every question with I don't know/care this will never benefit me in life.
the one with jamie lee curtis?
Any chance of revamping your offical website soon?
Aww.
She misses you, Uncle Andoctorw.
Omg..
904 followers: didnt see that!!!.
no don't do this to me!
I had a great time as well!
I miss you girls...
I got the PS3 version
I bought this entire season though..
and this is the only episode I've watched.
SILLY HYPERPARTISANSHIP: Politically speaking, Most don't care what Obama or Romney did as childoctorn.
The country needs serious discussion.
RT : Q2: How do you handle the lack of school routine?
Does your time shift more toward family?
It's not that difficult.
Don't smoke,avoid alcohol and weight gain.
Get adequate nutrition and sleep,relax and enjoy yourself,and Exercise!!
another day to get it right...

a lot of great suggestions.
Any web design savvy guys out there..even can be Wordpress savvy
Wonders when is going to have some of his G4 cronies on his podcast, like: ?
I am ridiculously proud of my packing efforts this weekend.
One medium duffle  large purse  easy, breezy me!
Great posts, Joe!
On my way to marac!
not since college daze.
Really want to see the movie bridesmates
ROCKS compared to Comcast!
Better picture, cheaper and bette customer service!
Thanks for having us cater the kid's lounge tonight!
Go Hornets!!
Shaw Media invites viewers to get wildly close to animals with the launch of Nat Geo Wild
P.S If yu ever paid 4 pussy in yo lifetime yu aint no pimp...Thats like if yu snitched b4 it dnt matter how long ago it was yu not a gangsta
Sometimes we have to stop analyzing the past, stop planning the future, stop figuring out precisely how we feel, and just see what happens.
Stupid nap
Can't wait to see Dierks Bentley tomorrow and promote the hell out of levilowrey 
that's good
shouldn't you say mos definitely still awesome?
ha get it?
Mos Def...
Wow.
Today brings freezing rain on top of yesterday's 14 of snow.
No power.
But generators got us off the ground.
Might be slow today.
Woo, is following us!
We feel special
I'm still obsessed with Call Me Maybe 
3rdStringSports has reached 300 followers!
Thanks to everyone who has been listening to the podcast and following us on Twitter
Are Really interested in making money check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
Im glad its meaningful 2U even though shell never acknowledge ur existence.
So what if ur just a spec of dust in mileys world?
Glad to hear it  I'll get there sometime for sure, just hasn't happened....yet
We will be featuring a Conjure Cognac after party on Thursday from 79:30!!!
doctornk specials,DJ and prizes, DON'T MISS IT
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Cormac McCarthy's the Road being confused with Paul McCartney's Carry the Weight.
Heading home from occupychicago and I am tired!
Making your vice heard is hard work
Hi, Again, Kevin.
Thanks you so very much for the RETWEET!
Wishing you THE BEST!
Who's excited for Free Comic Book Day on Saturday?
I know I am!
my grandpa eats cow tongue on his tacos.
it's gross.
TWIITTER PEEPS THANK U ALL FOR FOLLOWING YALL ON HERE AND THANX FOR U YALL FOR FOLLOWING ME ON HERE FB ME AT TONINKAJJ
irene do your best ...
Come at me I've already went outside and played today do your best !!!
Two minutes later the power goes out Ahh
The moment when you thought you were getting the Wonderstruck perfume by Taylor Swift for Christmas, but your grandma thought it was a CD...
You say that now, but it is not a good sign on a Monday morning.
I'm about 2 hit the club n dance like a stripper
We keep tally per day on white board,sad RT : Jeff commented on Ron's blog post How many times in day can Vin Solutions CRASH?
chocolate in the shape of a veggie.
67 of women who masturbated one to six times a year reported orgasm during masturbation compared with 81 of women ...
your a wonderful daughter to think of it, but not so sure about your spelling!:
Thank you to the Sprout Fund for generously supporting us!
Next Concert November 21, 2010 at 4:30!
Don't miss it!
Nearly killed myself trying to reach the cord to turn on the fan in my room.
I either need to grow taller or seriously need some furniture
Hate That morning worried/nervous feeling about something /:
should have called
Come to the store an see our new pieces!
20 caps.....not unhappy about it
;D I know right !
Haha Jk but yeah I was screaming pretty loud lol
Amen RT: Henry Ford started out with nothing  a doctoram.
Now all the jobs are over seas where people like u sent them
I like the Lions selection of Ronnell Lewis at 125.
thanks mandatory evacuation from my town so went to the BX family, beer and generator I am set
i'm in a camera whore mood ;P
Great job by today handling a heated topic on
:'
Innovation is at the intersection of freedom  discipline  John Kao
I hate that song lol
I think Sting.
But maybe a mixture?
: Does anyone think Gotye sounds like Peter Gabriel?
do you seriously?
What do you want for it?
I wanted one when I bought CTM but your store said it was our of stock :
Nice.
Herbs perk up everything, too, and most work great in containers.
Greenhouse experience says nearly every veg does!
Decided to get a corp iPhone, company pays for corp, but doesn't reimburse personal  so going from a 32Gb to a 16Gb, but going 4 to 4S!
I officially have an amazing boyfriend ..
Who else would do that for me ?
Nobody but , him .
: 3
he said it on a Sunday so it doesn't count.
Cody please stay in australia.
Dude...
And were CRACKING up when we realized the one thing people got from me was clean up your YARD
Im rocking my shoes,clothes,jeans and my cap ;
Straight lean
Residuals!
Yes!
When you make a world tolerable for yourself, you make a world tolerable for others.
Anais Nin
Thanks Mandie!
Glad to hear it.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
how's the new book coming?
Welcome to Twitter!
I love your embroidered jewelry!
Sooner than later I will have to snatch something up for myself.
Lunch Cedarlane Low Fat Beans, Rice,  Cheese Burrito
Stop in for happy hour 57!!
Half off all doctorfts and well liquors!!!
:
Listening to some of the comments of the Republican candidates for president is nothing more than Gods way of testing our faith in humanity
beavisandbutthead are back, really?
Crazy But True In My Pants
Are you coming to NAIAS ?
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
I want to be someone that impacts a life, even if I meet them once.
Kids come home from Eisner Camp tomorrow  yeah!
Getting ready to go pick them up.
please provide a translation of sign language symbols for the monitor mixer.....fascinating agitprop
The sad thing is, second chances will never be better then the first opportunity.
Life will forever be your ONLY opportunity.
Eep I'm sowwy I misspelled Hat!!
And thanks for the retweet!
Where did u get the hat?
It was pointless but I got my point across ctfu
Have the perfect birthday  Pigs in the Blanket Day gift Book Baxter, The Pig Who Wanted to be Kosher
What...
what was that?
We should all call out sick today, you say?
;
we in the car, and i dont know him RT : tell the nigga to shut up
Cool did some shopping in SF, now time to get doctorssed for Kinchas's BDay party!!!!
Oh crap oh crap oh crap
Dear life, slow the heck down.
chillin at home, watching Forensic Files...
But seriously, when did I become Lynn Searcy?
Thank you for being our 100th follower!!!
woo!!!
streamers and confetti fall from the Twitter sky
Can you guys gofollow me on my personal account?
PLEASE!: help me get to 1k!?;
Finally have an interview on Wednesday!
about time professorssional world.
Hey Thomas!!
How is LA?
Hope you guys are having fun!
I Love You!
welcome to the dark side :
I'm looking for group fitness instructors for Bexa!
Message me if you are interested!!
I really don't know what to do...
There's a lot of thinking to this decision...
I need an ice mocha rite now I'm still tired nd I have to doctorve
Thx 4 the follow.
WE hope you dig the tunes  the video.
Hopefully u can help us find these guys.
Best  success!
fuckin ricans and their metro phones lmao msg me it
Wow you're a spelling sharpshooter!
Wooohoooo!
Is the timing good?
A lot of people love their boobs.
Respect is hard to earn, but freedom is even harder to get.
Newmatic tonight at 12th and Porter!
Benefiting Locks of Love!
God wants us to walk in the light of his Son, not stumble in the darkness of the world.
Cynicism is sanity
Happy Mothers Day!!!
let me give you some advice......
you are right, Relly wins again
lol idk about hurricane but looks ghetto and old.
Can't wait to find out :
After this horrible show tonight I wish that dude woulda shot me last night...
IUBB played alot better tonight, thier D was great.
Poor free throw shooting and a less than average night for Zeller.
Keep fighting!!!
Watching American Idol with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I'll figure something out :
Here goes thee longest YES/NO message I've ever sent.
those little teeth cleaning pellets were like a rake in my eye.
We won't reach that until June, but that's okay!
We are just sick of snow here!
call me doe
All joking aside, no team in the NBA flops more than the clippers.
It is high noon in the Southland.
Beautiful sunshine in Los Angeles.
you are NOT tryna see me on the courts when I get outta school
you should just.
stop.
tweeting.
you know I kid
Typing another paper...
A N O T H E R is the key word..
Tryna hit a lick
I just emailed you at It will be easier for you to respond to me there.
I appreciate your help.
tonight Crazy Uncle Joe Show!!!
nuff said
Blackbird Bar.
Bloop.
I've definitely heard like 8636186392 different stories about the wreck.
If you don't know what happened, please keep your mouth shut.
oh yes I do I remember everything!
You were like my first follower and the first person to talk to me on here silly!
what about Floyd tonight?
misterDonG, do you ski or snowboard?
about to look for my bed and go to sleep smh lol goodnight L3 ve
Hello  this same page will be used for spring 307 feel free to continue following class and tweet us!.
Off to maz fest!
Beautiful day...beautiful show....hopefully the weather holds up!!
RT : If you're at the Five Seasons Family Sports Club in Indianapolis, say hi to doctor Sallay at the Open House Health Fair.
Every time the Terps score a goal, the sideline looks like a mosh pit.
Every time.
MaN jus get ur pops to sign Iverson my G's..kool?
THANK YOU!!
3
Bot 4: King 1, Churchill 1.
Game 2.
King gets nice play from SS Ryan Thompson who snags chopper up the middle off the 2nd base bag
Ok if nobody else will do it I will...
So, Uh , you know, umm What will you be wearing with those shoes???
This is the first MLB season with both a Perfect Game AND a 4 Home Run Game
I have so much homework.
welldamn 
Dam these Korean getting on my nerves out there moving shit.
I just want Ariel's red hair.
Is that too much to ask?
atplc in analyzing data, don't focus on averages.
Focus on individual students and their ability to reach the bar.
Really thankful for the staff  I love serving with them.
They inspire me.
More Than Welcome Lady Kim..
Good Morrow To You..
yo, like thomas kinkade totally died.
It sucks when you can't put effort into anyone else cause you have that one person still on your mind
Let's pretend for a minute, you couldn't possibly make a mistake  how would you operate?
Maybe another network will pick it up ...
it wasn't that bad in the ratings!
OY!
Try being the Lone Rowdy fan in the Allison tower at Daytona....
wasn't pretty !
JRs fans weren't too nice!
and students fully engaging and responding.
Great experience all around.
Just ran into one of my former ESL students while working retail who apparently is in grad school with my ex.
My feelings should be evident.
What time is the game tomorrow?
Your decisions dont effect me!
What you eat don't make me shit!
Too much Astorga this morning.
Let's talk about how the girl who rocked James Brown apparently lost the singing competition.
What?
Happy Birthday !
Leonard from R'yleh
RT : The original energy doctornk was cracking an egg into a pint of Pabst
Watched the Golden Globes cause it's my job to know what's going on in my industry as much as it is for a doctor to be up to date on Rx.
i like it, your hired!
My favorite fake twitter account is now for having 11K followers already.
Honorable mention to for pure comedy
SometimesIJustWant to go back to the day when all that mattered and I cared about was coloring in the lines
Awesome night for Team DelCO reminding people to vote NOon2 FueledbyCandy and a captainon contest for the doctorculKasich!
debating on flying to CHI to doctorve to green bay tomorrow!
Flights are 199 from ATL!
fuck it whos down to get tatted up with me?!:
Irks me to hear journalists/pundits/reporters still saying Barack Obama as if he is not the President of the United States.
I saw in Vegas last year.
It's nothing new...
he looks like Q.
hah idkkk people didn't know it was tonight.
captainin Jack back to Spurs is perfect fit.
Hate it as a Mavs fan though
Well hey!
exactly!
How could anyone even imagine harming a poor innocent baby!
I love it when says I look like It touches my heart.
Not even tired I just know I have to go to bed
ACRL reports freely avail online incl.
Futures Thinking for Acad Libr: Higher Ed in 2025
might be the funniest account on twitter.
Love every tweet
No, Brett.
It's OUR twitter.
love it!
Hope you're having a blast!
Wish I was there!
Miss you!
Is it Friday yet?
Remember when LeBron decided he couldn't win with Mo Williams as his 2nd best player?
Clippers can't win when he's the 5th best.
Xsept Productions  Embrace Originality  Hear my Music in rotation on
Shouts to all our new followers!
If you want a follow back you must say hello!
...We like to conversate with tweeple.
;
i'm hungry :
I'm not really a betting man except with the wife.
1k that Matte nail polishes will be IN by end of 2013.
When I called to change the ticket, they told me I had lost it because I hadn't called to cancel it.
I can never see the pics you post !
no, i wish : i would probably die if that happened.
hahah
for real!
Where you  tonight?
Helping cousin get ready for her senior prom.
yepp, i dont miss it AT ALL.
haha
If you dont got a doctoram you dont got nutn.
np The Prayer
Join us  ala10 for the Power of Multicultural Exhibits in Building Intercultural Relationships with a Special Tribute to Haiti,6/27,9:00am
I sure am!
funny!
RT : zomg went out to a bar with and randomly ran into my college roommate who I haven't seen in 15 years!!
yeah I might go right now just in case, and stock up for the weekend
im a bit nervous about this flight today....first time in Europe as well...
John, what is your goal for the new season?
That Tweet I Was About To Post ...
Smh
Like seriously :D you'd be writing rhymes in spanish in no time!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great week.
I can't help it I'm from south Atlanta.
One time at band camp...
Great seeing you last week!
I legit grabbed my phone and almost started to text Hey.
How are you?
but then I thought, Oh...wait...
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Thanks to I am obsessed with Halloween, Alaska...
so good.
Local Cuse high schoolers are here learning about sound design, too!
Community members can join any workshop from 9a  10p.
I ask students Who was the most sympathetic, but they're all saying This person felt the most sympathy for others.
My phrasing problem?
Today  day 11 of my 23day single parenting adventure.
Almost halfway done!
Coraline 3D so well done.
Intense, not for childoctorn.
TY for following us !!
Have a super Monday!
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your Ck in her mouth
Was planning on recording today, if Virtuous skip her session tomorrow, I'll be in the booth.
i hear there's some caviar/russian cab thing RT : Slow, smokey Russian party cab home.
Thanks Mary for the follow!
Thanks so much for hosting.
Really great discussion.
And your office space is lovely.
:
I would take T.O.
shows up every game.
Randy only plays when he sees fit.
thanks for tweeting u out!!
Let us know how you like the app and if we can improve it!!
stopbullyingthat's on my mind this morning.
I already had a hoodie picture.
The point still remains the same.
I Cried When we worked it out.
991 members on AAUW Facebook group  way to go!
bring right mix of colors into your home is with vibrant images, or art, good energy predominant black color, strengthens feminine
So excited about my trip to LaLaLand!
Can't wait to see and
I think ima get a cat for christmas
Dear world: Viscous describes a thick liquid.
Vicious describes something or someone mean.
Yes, I know autocorrect is mean.
We continue to get international orders on our online merch store!
Thanks to our friends over seas for the support!
He climbed up on a car and randomly picked a blonde out of the crowd
Yeah, pretty hard to catch it but it was pretty cool
Words don't mean a thing, actions are everything.
A new year you say?
Oh wow I had better get started!
I have got a lot of things to fail at this year.
People will be most effective working on projects they are excited about.
Music makes everything better 
Has everyone arrived home yet?
Wed love to hear about your experiences at the ALA Annual Conference this year.
was thinking of heading your way but prob just going to stay local tonight
Why am I playing sims on my ipad When I should be studying for my finals?
I definitely have a problem
Should we give out chocolate or sour patch kids to the kids this year?
Eating pork for the first time in sixty years.
whoa whoa we wow
About 65 percent of melanoma cases can be attributed to ultraviolet radiation from the sun
I like your tweets  you're cute
why won't he?!
lol I figured it lighten your mood my bad if it didn't
so are you a goof friend of Ed sheerans??!
:
sry..
Can u repeat the question??
Really!?
: I've had her all 4 years.
I'm not taking French this semester, but I'm her TA this period.
:
posture check don't wear your shoulders as earrings!
are you in front of the computer hunching?
Take a deep breath, and let 'em go
I wouldn't trade anything for the life I have now.
anyone here who has gone through a passport reissue process recently in delhi?
would love to talk over coffee/beer!
Ready for today to be over with
That awkward moment when you sing the wrong part of a song with confidence
I like tyme n warranty whenever u tide
Well, after two 3 hour finals, 7 hours in the library, and 12 hours at JU...I am on Christmas break!!
I'm already going to pass out...
call me misterbald head cause i stay clean wit a mean ass sswagg
soul food is my life fuel.
Where are you now, when I need you around.
Im trying to move and go to a graduation all in 1 day....not gonna work!
ha.
Ok.
I will be in with in the week.
It's like the ole 96er...gristle and all!
My inner and outer thighs are screaming from pilates.
: time to enjoy the new bathtub.
Wow.
Why they wait till the last seconds before doing something?
he just told her left to right do bright!!

good to hear!
will be in touch real soon.
Just sent some notes for Can't wait 2 get this shot  share it with you all.
I be cappin but I love that man and he know it!!
Beth Baker Quote:  a single candle on a birthday cake, ...
But the question is, how many candles are we going to have?
Soil temps have really cooled down over the last couple weeks.
Crab grass is now quite a ways away from germinating, getting back to normal
The Green Man photos from today's campus invasion are live.
Tag yourself for a chance to win an iPad 2 in our upcoming raffle!
damn, no versions of Panther for Mac through my nzb , I GOTTA USE TORRENTS , WTF, TORRENTS ARE FOR HACKS AND NOOBZ
NC State piles on 7 runs in the top half of the 1st off UVA starter Stephanie Coates.
three times in a row or three times??
tell them a said hi n I miss them n thats god keep doin god 4real
who?
Me or ur kids?
I took out the ice axe from the raincoat, gripped it in my hand and, with my eyes closed, dealt him a terrible blow on the head.
Got a Happy Valentine's Day call from my daddy...
made me a little teary : What little girl doesn't love those calls?
hey I need to talk to you
I wish I could pause life
has me wanting to read lol last book i read was my sisters keeper cried before that the shit they made me in school .
Now Following , Follow Back 
OH: The perimeter has dissolved.
As we say in the south, preach it brother!
Bill Maher: Hank Williams Jr.
should have compared Herman Cain to Hitler he's the one who is always yelling Nine!
Nine!
Nine!
Did u catch the story abt the explicit  implicit discrimination by the staff of ?
Great job
no thing is better than a global unified family that has forgiven themselves and each other for all offenses from the past.NOW LIVE IN PEACE
The Letter!
:
in this industry, in most cases it's how all about presentation before we take note of the ability.
showing strength against outclassed competition, 60 already
i jizz my pants everytime i listen to this song
what kind of tagging are you looking for?
All genre tags come from lastfm
IM GETTING A TRAMPOLINE!
Ah!
Trampolines are my fourth favorite thing in the while entire world!
I'm havin a heartattack.
That was random
Helping stranded woman wih a flat tire...
Good deed for the day.
thanks I been going tho
Swear it's always the good person in the relationship who always gets accused the most...
bellarinos and are so proud of you congratualtions!!!
: 
I'm in Green Bay for the day.
You know what I mean!!!
He has become my favorite singer....
Good seeing you Kyle
the predicament: too damn cold to move.
supposed to meet her in 45 mins.
still need to shower.
Can't wait until she leaves!
Ugh
word i wasnt expecting this
: I will be waiting for my rescue
Still trying to navigate within our netowkr with Users and Groups and screen sharing etc...
When kaitilyn kicks you in the bladder
What is everyone doing this weekend??
Tweet us your fancy plans!
I just added a new mentor: the indefatigable and everanalytics !
40 off at the ASUN bookstore!
Go Pack!
Hey Brandon
Come join us for Happy Hour tonight from 46 for halfprice appetizers, 5 house wines and specialty martinis!
teamprince b glad u r free many a.man who's not free to go most anywhere anytime free from the 1999 album love this song as I do all his
U ARE SO BRUTAL 
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
Joan Rivers
Thanks for the RT!
You better start following me!
lol
my registration is pending as kellygreen
AH THAT SOUNDS GLORIOUS.
GO RUN THROUGH THE FIELDS WITH THE WIND BLOWING THROUGH YOUR HAIR.
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
HEY!
Two of those kids were mine!
I think I deserve some of the credit!!!!
Loved it!
The War on Rugs has been a complete and utter failure.
can you retweet for all of us aspiring actors who wish we could make it like you?
:
This book 
I don't read Coltszilla, so if you're refering to some article on there of course I haven't read it.
what show is it?
RIP Dick Clark!
Its 101010.
What are you doing special today?
when you got to watch MobWives and got to see all the juicy doctorma.
I'm dying here with no cable.
Its sad.
I don't know what you were referencing, but it sounds like weak sauce.
Who postpones races with coworkers until Saturday?
very nice to connect with you :
LMAAOOO Diana's just going on oomf on voxer lmaoo bout his shoes  eyebrows omg i'm just dying.
I would imagine they'd always want more
So far I have 7 ppl to relay for on Friday.
Most of them r family, then the rest r really close friends 3
Coo what's the link playa and Hell yea send that track to my email.I tried calling you.
Boarding a plane now chop it up later
Madison only!
Mention this post in the store and receive a free St.
Patrick's Day gift : Today only!
Home alone  Weed  Recording
I love CHICKEN :D
Awww...
Baja chicken..chipotle sauce some yummy BBQ sauce...
Lighting companies or : IHaveAnIdea!
It is easy to use, buy, store and give as gifts.
Everyone likes holiday decos 2312
:D how are you?
Just tapped, Organic IPA
That is awesome.
Ugh this is what i get!
A big tummy ache...
When i eat like the world is coming to an end....
I jus see food and i dont stop munchin away!
Playing a free show tonight at with and Noah and I are going to make a water forest together.
Just saw the creepiest thing while on the freeway, a clown doctorving a windowless van...wish I would have had time to get a picture.
Absolutely.
Same here in Florida.
Beats the weather in Iowa and North Dakota.
I dunno.
It says not available on the netflix on the Wii...has for the past day.
Hey there breakfast lovers!
Residence Inn just amped up breakfast!
Breakfast burritos and sandwiches, pancakes, yogurt parfaits, and more!!
I haven't talked to my niece all week!
I know she's doing wonderful though because she's amazing!
I miss her.
She should text me!
haha wow so active :p  when does school strt for u??
work until 3 then off for the weekend :
aww 3 you just made my day I LOVE YOU.
thank you.
i love you i love you.
kbai 3 heheheh hmu whenever your gorgeous too.
RT Set it as low as you want, it's in my DNA to raise that bar and fight for keeps!
Let's go Mayhem Team!
I'm pumped!
I'm ready for a battle!
The beautiful horses of the Valley Hunt Club.
In 's music video,Someone Like You,whenever hi tear falls I loose it and almost start crying!
:,
DearWWEBoard With Brock Lesnar, I suggest he pay for Triple H's medical bills!
With , I suggest a Distirct GM for both shows!
RT : The 1st 50 people to whisper brown sugar banana  each Sprinkles receive a free banana cake topped w/ brown sugar frosting!
Speaking of RB club jams, just remembered Miguel has some cuts that can be played.
Same w/ Frank Ocean But that's it
MY WILD OATS HAVE TURNED TO SHREDDED WHEAT
After hours of research and rewatching games, I have come to the conclusion I should have picked UK, UofL, OSU and KU for the
RT : Giveaway question: What was the date of the first Smallbizchat?
great, glad it fit you..
Went to a great cause...
are these refs for real?
This is a joke.
Can Bayless play backup to Roy?
They both have the ability to get to the hoop.
text me!
WebCamWindow thanks all troops and veterans for doing what they do to keep us safe!
AhmanGreen Thank you for all the great years.
Awww I have the best did also love u my hoochie!!!
Note to participants/fans  check out our tweets from past 2 mos for Cleanweb project ideas
I would love to have a story on Bloomberg Game Changer which is my favorite TV show, when I do watch TV
You better step your game up
Oops, I forgot, robots are people too.
How insensitive of me.
Good morning Villagers!
How was everyone's weekend?
Did you do anything fun?
oh ok good!:
That sad moment when you're 20 feet away from your charger.
RT  That sad moment when you're phone reaches 1 battery.
Looking forward to tonight with It's gonna be messy.
wow.
How long do you think you'll be muted?
At capas party waiting for more people 2 come
FCPS is allowing students to bring computers to school next year.
Guess we're not waiting until college to make that investment.
Teddy Thompson Pandora
TODAY IS YOUR DAY..WE SAY U'R DA BEST..SQUIRRELS CAN SEE FAR..GOOD LUCK 2 U!!
T/F/S..
good job!
That's how tigers show affection by mauling little childoctorn!
Hey rushers :
Usually, when women look me in the eyes I have to look away after about 3 seconds, but with her I struggle to take my eyes off of her.
Thanks for sharing the link, both of you.
I'm cooking up another study and this will be helpful news :
that would be smart
Man you got some dope talent!!
I saw that ABDC was trending and I thought someone was reciting the dyslexic's alphabet
When's the ring coming?
What is his model?
I love u!
they both can breath air n the gas chamber
So many stars from the 40s in thus movie.
Mitchum, Juliane, Curtis, Dana Andoctorws, the chick from Jules et Jim
I can't read lips.
Who else can't?

Listening to 'Only You' from 'Joshua Radin' 
Welcome to the family!
RT : Proud to announce our 22nd  23rd domestic sites: City Year Sacramento 
Shannon, freedom, honor, and dignity
Enjoy!
Got a happy surprise in the post today!
Had to rewrap as a result.
Hurrah!
go bro bro
Downloading it tonight, can't wait!
Not so far...
World Peace not peaceful lol
My hair hitting my back now
I never voted on a date!!
Don't tell !
hope it's longer than 15 seconds.
Careful out there...hearing reports of hail and strong winds in downtown Miami.
TO everybody who says Mcdonalds will kill you, go to the Green Hills McDonalds at 7 am.
It is a 70 Country club.
Hasn't killed them yet.
owe surgery im sorry : my mom made me and this kid we had over here wash the wall for maybe an hour then put some
They're playing really well right now too.
I just don't want either Los Angeles team or the Heat to win really.
I agree but with all the crap tv that's on it's a nice change with some actual good builders.
Talking about hot gay guys with
Betty White loves me!
That's the best time to tweet...
when you need the company!
Feel better :
calling all unsigned rappers,singers,dancers,  POTENTIAL models We GOT work!
email your info
The album is done!
Final mastering approved this morning!
Jamaal Franklin is the man of the night!
Promote yourself, but do not demote another.
Guilty!
Be better  at peace.
Voodoo
Damn nas...its that bad?
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!
please help !
I will return the favor !
Tweet me
Being forced to a meditation class..I thought I was done with school for the day
But would it replace your iPhone?
Top 20 female country artists of the past 20 years on cmt These are out of order.
Carrie Underwood beats Dolly and Faith?
I think not.
real friends are xtremely hard to come by.
keep yur circle small  yur real friends close.
I agree 100famister : I can't wait for summer ..
There's nothing like summer time in Cali , pure fun  memories
Now everyone knows Jose is mean!
;' ya
Preciate all my team for fuckin wit me last wknd.
Y'all loyal as it get and I ain't gon 4get it.
Too many to name but u kno who u r.
Dont ask me to go to lunch breakfast or any date on the day you gotta go to the barborshop.
Thanks .
Lmaoo : Sex ain't better than living on burleigh
What's really good???
For the next week, we'll donate 10 cents to the World Wildlife Fund for every new follower we get, up to 1,000 followers.
U may be in a lame relationship if ya find urself listening to ur gf breathe on the phone.
Or narrating the movie ur watching..
at 1:30 am
Well thats pretty cool
ass 88 times in his song Dance
Bummer : Do you surf concrete?
It's a great day for that!
Sounds like you're going to have a swell week!
Even if my mom doesnt take me!
I'll go alone
Contact us for more information about living in a luxury high rise or schedule a tour today!
Have a great weekend, San Diego!
I wish lived by Me so I could hang out with him because he is the coolest boy ever!
haha its not a lesbian thing 
whyareyou texting me when your right here lmao.
m/
There's nothing to regret.
I'm totally excited to see what's next with the Keep up the hard workit's much appreciated!
through gritted teeth Take that back...
: Those and1 slippers were ugly man
Ch 3 issues doctorids to all the photogs.
For my personal phone I have the iphone.
My choice by a mile is the iphone.
Smokes it.
the little sand things with tiny rakes?
How do we make the FLTopTweeters list?
lol
Let me go to sleep so i can wake up on time
Goodbye and good riddance.
Great time at Mutt Strut, a little soggy, but still a good time.
playing more music for the hippies at the new Whole Foods on North Ave.
1pm with Ami Saraiya.
That place is like the Ikea of hippie food.
I surely will lovee !
Boo you whore.
our july del mar races issue comes out this week!
who's joining us for opening day and our fabulous afterparty at L'Auberge on July 21??
Gusty gusty, wind is fussy
What are those Fries made of?
What features does Schoology have that Edmodo does not?
RE: Schoology has more options, Edmodo is easier
Shucks...
thanks!
See you next time!
Ahh!!!!
I got the paid position at Golin Harris!!!!!!!!!!
Do you want to help the AEBP?
We need door prizes for the preview party.
Send email to donate something:
yay for babysitting, golden globes, and boyfriend.
Still grinding with close to starting stack 10000
I love when people get into fights at the ATT center.
Absolutelythanks!
Our beloved truck Betty returns from her winter home this week.
Eating a donut but then not being able to touch anything because your fingers are so sticky!
is this NFL pregame?
You guys need to do something different than what we see on Sundays!
Lorsch  Conflict without trust is politics.
Conflict with trust is the search for truth.
Yes.
Would love to find a beautiful friock from for
Sometimes I like being a loner.
Thanks for the explanation!
Hope your coworker scores his/her faves!
Don't be scared to be who you are.
Because who you are is beautiful.
Thanks!
Yours are pretty great too.
Seriously.
It is effing Hot!
HB 250 reinstates the New Mexico State funds that support Individual Development Accounts.
Please keep these funds in the state budget.
yea she works the stage
working on covers this week: Ramones and New Order
I deleted your number today and I've honestly never been more proud of myself
dance party is the only way to start a saturday night
Back at Ybor City Museum State Park finishing off our shovel testing survey.
urban archaeology
Best day ever!
In 3 years, best day ever!
same thing I do everyday I never scared why you scared baby
Sad thing is, you can still love someone  be wrong for them Elvis Presley
There's an interesting conservative thesis underlying Caprica favoring cultural assimilation over failed multiculturalism policies.
He's out there playing handball
I've been VERY fortunate at Vic Field.
This is like, my 7th or 8th!
haha nope!!!;p
Want to join us this Saturday for our bring a friend for free class?
We'll be painting the Magnificent Monarch!
right there with ya beebs.
Hope you're celebrating with wine like I am ;
TY for the follow Cynthia!
Have a lovely day.
Still waiting on dat feature........
/// First time messing around with putting my beats on iTunes......lets see how this goes.
Definition of a Transvestite: A guy who likes to eat, doctornk and be Mary!
Movie night?
I think so.
Organizing or hosting an event in SanDiego and want to be a part of it?
DM us!
Meetups, happy hours, food tastings more...
not funny.
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery
I am at an internet cafe.
The password to the wireless network is 'twinpeaks'.
This makes me smile.
Have fun!
RT : Getting ready.to run half marathon listening to luckto everybody running
that's gonna be twins!
My thesis was accepted with a few minor style tweaks!
Now, I am the master!
Remember the dance combo to Mandy Moore's Candy?
Me likey.
In English all we talked about was hockey.
Our teacher didn't even mind.
It was insane
wait...why are you working this late?
;
Billy Barty and Ryan Seacrest other big little men.
One of my favorite musicals ever.
Not going on the field trip tomorrow....
mistermoseley is a douche.
: falling hard
sorry, you're right.
forgot about that.
:
it feels like my hand was put into hot fryer oil.
all of the skin is dead
I hear booing but Inge is not on the field?
I'm confused
nope ha
I had a horrible week but a good weekend !
And now a bad Sunday night
Revenge it is for basketball.
2 more wins and it's on to the dance.
In Kellogg we trust.
Coldstone with my mommy 
Its just somthing about getting a fresh cut that just be having a nigga feeling real good.
hell yeah and you no my 360 BANGIN
The shoe does fit.
Gonna make a new Twitter..
!!
Bye bye followers
Heard at Infohrm EMEA conference, AIB Bank cites Aruspex client, Aetna, as best in class for work force planning.
what a random thing to ask...
Why the Philadelphia Eagles Are the Biggest Winners of the doctorft
There are eleventy billion templates ppl can download to make a thing, but not so many to teach why they make that thing.
My bag is really heavy, and I think it's all pills.
I'm back in Philly returning to my duties as sick 's fulltime housewife
Thanks for sharing.
Definitely gives me things to think about when I go on the market.
Bally's work out,sauna.
Got to be in shape!
I was just reading that yesterday.
Glad to learn I can omit my braces from my oneline ifs.
I still like my semicolons.
....and for your NEXT ux deliverable, we want...a...SHRUBBERY!!!!!
The hardware store is buzzing getting ready for Saturday!
Stop in for hardware and hear some great music by Freddy Bliffert.
Still facing L's you would think the niggas wins was low
my prayers are with
IM RIGHT.
IM ROUND.
AND IM GETTIN' IT.
James Lamont Adams
Hey wts good :
Yes!
Out 'little startup that could' had a very goodday!!
Thanks for your ever present support and virtual mentions!
What a shame...
I MISS YOU SO MUCH, MAMA!!!
Hrddwethiuy cant sleep
Day two of the coffee binge...
dear God is this what life is like when I sleep?!
0.o shoot...
I might go into a mini coma after this sh!t...
Q: Remote monitoring raising level of care outside of hospital itself?
What was it before?
lol
hackedbymamamahone you go mama!
Lol hey!
How have ya been?
I'm good, just working and preparing.
What have you been up to?
In W25: Optimizing Your Website at CILDC and want site feedback?
Send your org's URL to today.
Starting Week 2 of our AHB online study and heading into deeper waters!
Fact: a chopped off buffalo head costs 30
Glass windows as a wall don't keep the cold out all that well.
Toes  frost bite
RT: Always a cool place to see and be seen!
Love it!
Thanks for the amazing compliment!
I need a desk job ASAP.
I'll hop on a Greyhound anywhere.
The Indiana Pacers played very well on last night against the Miami Heat.
The Oklahoma City Thunder is also a very good team.
It also thinks all the emails I get from Ingram are spam too.
you don't have to lie about wanting to swim in my deep blue eyes!!!
Thank god it is finally Friday !!!
hahaha big perm!
In addition to not having any cell phone service, I also successfully killed my office computer for a few minutes.
My sister thinks I need to shave my legs!
lmfao!
What a jokester
Anyway I just said I buy the test explanation.
how many web things do you gotta put your band up on these days, seems like theres a new one every minute.
Need weather info for springbreak or sxsw?
50 iTunes card for photos from both if we can add 100 users this week.
Use
Why have I been waking up so early this week?
Ugh.
Anyone in private practice use schedulecity or other online scheduling?
slpeeps Thinking about it
i know there always trying to rip everyone off
I wish a rapper would change shit up instead of playing it safe
Mac Q: I'm running OS X 10.6.8.
Want to sort an entire volume by file size to find my largest files.
Is there an app for that?
mac Thanks.
Happy Friday y'all!
We're excited to be visiting the this weekend!
Will you be there?
haha not at all I enjoyed it :
Thanks for checking it out!
RT : Thanks for the writeup.
I think my only option avail.
by the time I leave work will be FourthMeal!
RT  Colors119 blew my mind w the neon pop!
Maybe 1 day ill scoop one up in time!
PS My celeb clients luv ur work.
OH: Jesus is always the best case scenario, and he always happens.
Idk why but I sudden burst of rage has come over me.
Yes please soon!Ill txt you!
: Gracias mi vida: I miss you : we need to hang out!!
3 RT : Bella Jackie!!
3
Brooks agrees to 4 year deal w Bills!
Congrats Ron!
Every single night we fight To get a little high on life To get a little something right Something real, at least we try.
I really should be sleeping right now
You can make excuses or you can make yourself successful....
BUT you can't do both!
my night, is boring!
Yours?
De Graaf: In GDP terms, spending time with your kids or volunteering in your community is a waste of time.
follow me
Thanks for the Klout
Hi, Steph!
I'm doing well, thanks.
Working on a final paper one paragraph at a time, lol.
How are you?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 11
I bet!
I laughed for sure lol
Sunday morning is going to be awesome  our interview with will be airing!!
well duh.
Thank god for fedex
RT : A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
George R.R.
Martin, A Game of Thrones
If work starts on Easter Basket flavor now, it would be ready it time for next Easter, right?
Yum!
nw dirty dancing 
Awful/Awesome story!
My fam went through a similar situation years ago.
Thriving in spite of it all is as good as it gets!
Forecast for Wednesday: Mostly cloudy in the morning.
Then partly sunny with a slight chance of showers with isolated...
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult.
It's not.
Mine had me trained in two days.
Bill Dana
The location of the next season of US Survivor is on my beautiful home country Philippines!
haha ya I definitely wanna see them again
I'm hungry....
I just don't know what I want to eat.
ohh ok.
What's your favorite show like now?
do the judges on idol ever judge or are they just cheerleaders; give them pom poms
Today is Faure, Handel, Gaughan world premiere, Zwilich, Actor and then Final Countdown, Whiter Shade of Pale  Hey Jude!
never read the books.
She did say ateam so I'm going off that.
And the ending of course
Ok I'll take the sack
hay teach me a thing or two :D
Yup...that coworker of yours probably deserves a tongue lashing, but not by you.
Which team are you on  the lovers or the haters?
: I truly can not with cee lo's cat shirt.
that cat shirt should be scratch and sn....nevermind...that would be weird.
I really want a tattoo that has to do with System of A Down.
Only band that I'd get tattooed on me.
I'll love them forever.
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a doctoram.
Author Unknown
This wedding is already getting on my nerves.
I don't like people being flakes with my time.
Biggest pet peeve.
but the flash isn't playing on the ipad.
just fix it.
Thanks for the hardhitting 'Snooki is pregnant' report.
Happy to breathe a sigh of relief that she won't be partying hard.
Whew!
Well played.
RT Yeah, Packers' Barnett to the 06 Rams for Steven Jackson.
Didn't you hear?
: RT Any big trades?
Whiteheadwe should be thanking the tea party for talking about socialism.
even opponent conversations add to the dialogue
: Fertility is hereditary.
If your parents didn't have any childoctorn, neither will you.
Lol!
What is the Biology scientist equivalent of ?
Selling kidneys?
Fencing stolen frog cadavers?
What up homie?
LOL How u know what that feels like  RT The temperature is on penguin pussy outside
Farewell Vegas see you soon
yea check out koofers.com we been working on the second chance exam it has some of the problems done
gratefultweet: For the beautiful Easter services this morning.
1st service went better than 2nd but overall both went well.
ihatemyneighborhood my whole street the service suck half the time we see ppl outside making calls cuz inside the house the service is bad
BREAKING NEWS Jacksonville signs Tebow...Has helped survivors from previous bandwagon accident.
Hundoctords of fans believed to be infected.
We got Chocolate Hazelnut shakes...who wants some?
I know:
Got my hurrr did  Love having me a roomie in cosmetology school :
Obama....endorsement change or evolution mind change of his view of same sex marriage just ignited momentum...all political..
not when you're classy about it..
gosh.
you gotta be an upper class prostitute.
political figures
Thanks Chris Brown for making Deuce Deuce trend WORLDWIDE yesterday on Twitter!
Congrats on SHAFTA x3.
As the Halo announcer would say: Triple Kill.
Im not particularly religious but you are in my prayers  hugs!
Sorry about the tech issues.
RT : Don't hold yourself back ; go for what ever you feel
I need NPN in NY, NJ  Conn.
you gonna make it to the SDBloggers event?
LendingTree/Tree.com reunion!
Ant then worldpeace got ejected.
I love LA
A dad's on Sam's team keeps score on his ipad.
Then he emails box scores, etc.
I've only had to officially protest once.
Clearing tomorrow with sunshine and upper 70's!!
Buccos are playing though
My grandmother about SKYPE: Good thing seems like the guests are taking, and feed them do not!
not even a butterfly can save me this time.
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
thanxxx so much!
Happy weekend!
ive been hugging and squeezing my puppies all day.
i miss having time to just play with them!
yay for summer!
It was great!
Your empanadas rock.
Just got back from Ecuador and my son was thrilled to be able to have the guanabana soda.
Not fina break my back for somebody else
I'm just sorry we didn't have time to get a Goslingesque scorpion on the back of Chris Hyde's jacket.
don't ya love my professorle pic
Facebook  Twitter  Myspace
oh yeah that sounds like a much better plan.
I loves me some
Filming STARS Panto tonight!!
It's behind you!!
Frownie face!
Hang in there tiger, you will be byebye grad school with an epic job soon enough!
I didn't either its legitimately sickening
Since Payton and Vilma are out a year, can they hang out?
RT : Excited to have been selected as the composer for the film Tommy Button!
Samples underway, ideas flowing
Oreo Cookie shakes are our favorite to make!
Stop by the Excalibur and check us out!
To LA
Aghh!
She's too cute!!
At Military Park for MiniMarathon, can't run, might as well party with the runners.
Find us maybe well put u on TV!
There's a big difference between BigHistory content and BigHistory pedagogy.
Creating narrative, active learning is the model.
If tears could build a stairway and memories a lane, I'd walk right up to Heaven and bring you home again.
you both are so funny with this contest you're having between you two.
OKC laid it on 'em tonight.
hahaha doesnt matter it will hopefully get done!
LOL
Let's all bow our heads in memory of tangled hair and jumpers
I had my gallbladder surpriseremoved on Thursday.
Fun times.
cuter i meant
Making my inthehand debut at CTIAw12  tweet me back and I'll let you touch me :
i hate it when ppl do that!
it makes me wanna throw my phone against a wall but if i break it ill nevr know if he textd me back
..
My dad made chilli!!!
Shoutout to all my followers
did you know that even in the 1950's and 60's, doctors and educators officially referred to the mentally disabled as defects/deficients?
thanks, Donald.
You are a very active blogger..
keep it up!
Terrence Jones recruitment and strange decommitment for UW.....I guess that's standard?
Lots of downtown excitement with all the Batman filming!
I have a provision in my will that my ashes be sprinkled over the Whole Foods antipasto bar.
R.I.P Menciones.
epic dance off last night!
It was a fun night...
Yes!
: Got a text and saw a FB post.
And now see your tweet.
Go team!
Lesser Known Dog Breeds: There are several strains of American Foxhound  including the Walker  the July.
www.americanfoxhoundclub.com/
Why isn't your site taking my vote?
They too fake , and I'm too real
And now these three remain: faith, hope, and love.
But the greatest of these is Love.
Best match for Tony would be Layla or other.
MSM media ignores
It's so gross when you doctornk so much milk and you just wanna barff
Your lemon is in portland?
EVERYONE!!!!!
Follow It would mean a lot!
CREATOR of this dance CREW!!
always working that's how I'm doing SMH!
How are you?
Tony Stark and Pepper Potts :D
UHsb Jessica Iwata regains the lead for the Rainbow Wahine as her 2 RBI single puts UH up 41 after the end of the 3rd WAC tournament
charter flights minneapolis rent jet ski nyc private planes for rent lake ...
Santa Fe is a little out of my budget for travel.
It does look like a great place to visit.
I may venture there eventually.
Thks.
Are grapes berries?
I find that when I eat mixed berry flavored things, they always include grape.
If so,
The Bulls need minutes from the bigs.
Without him I worry about fatigue from Asik, Boozer and Taj is nursing an ankle as well
How 'bout your dead wife giving you a smack down on haven this week.
Phillip is doing really good!
I don't know why the judges are being so hard on him!
Lol For some reason..I don't think Jessica
I missed the concerts/Ustream : I don't deserve to be called a mahomie :'
Cookie dough ice cream?
I think yes :
I learned just a couple of days ago that i have been fucking with minute men?!?!
Wow!
goes to show u whose dick game is impressive out here!
ArabicMusic News  Egypt: Police forces were able to find the kidnappers of Salah Al Sharnoubi and return him safely to his family.
stop playing solitaire and just do it already!
i'll probably be doctornk in the first 5 mins.

i swear the damn thing be coming on by itself, even after not reading it in a few days
When are you done with school?
I can go any day during the week or any Sunday!!
Sunday's are best!
pizza rolls than work isitfridayet?
All paperwork and no b3d make Oscar something something.
All paperwork and no b3d make Oscar something something.
All paperwork and...
They're nothing but performers.
They know you want a show so they provide it for you.
how is the peanut bacon muffin?
And how is it made?
Looks fab!
On the ocean trusting in God is a good thing says captain Wayne Magwood, MtPSC shrimper.
God takes care of you he said.
Small gift ideas and Smith teamkaker,
lol It's all sunny and shit now!
To be conscious that you are ignorant is a great step to knowledge  Benjamin Disraeli
p2  the first residents of FEMA camps.
You fools are being used by the commies in power.
yay, work on Christmas Eve.
:
I really dislike Paul Rudd as an actor.
Today's gift card winner is BLAIR WINGHAM.
Congratulations!
Catholic Charities ends foster care program  Morris Daily Herald
Getting all set up for showtime!
I'd you have to blow in a machine to start your car!!
mybigfatgypsy christmas  ridiculous!
I'm still fightin er.
Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health
Ah, It's Friday and the Biz Kid don't have to work tomorrow haveidiedandgonetoheaven?
Have a great weekend friends!
Visiting my big bro in the Big Easy
Austin also makes the best rainstorms, aside from their fish tacos.
Thanks!
Will be back in Brew City for a friend's wedding.
like, it actually tastes oily, lol.
Looking for a boardoctorom in Seattle, Bellevue or Everett area for a commercial I'm shooting next Wed.
If u hook me up u can b in it!
I can't wait for some good soccer action tomorrod
The writing was on the wall but where does TMobile USA go from here?
I really need to stop procrastinating.
I'm so easily distracted today.
: Police recover video card swallowed by hang glider pilot after woman fell to death in tandem ride WHAT?!!
Always great 2 meet/connect randomly w/ aspiring entrepreneurs Love that we share the space in this building together.
Hey Al, love your analysis.
If Tim is Tebowing, Jeremy should be Linbowing!
Thanks!
ditto You're the best!
: Great giftsBAKER'S DAUGHTER, SWEET TEA , AMANDA
so i subscribed to your status updates to my phone..........
and i woke up this morning with 15 texts from twitter!!!
I need a place for a piece of pie in Lakewood.
Greasy diner type preferably.
Suggestions??
i'm going to be diving back into rubyodoctor pretty soon, although we're not doing anything fancy with it
As often as i use the word, i should really learn to spell it right: Sparkley?
Google Chrome says no.
Looks OK to me :
Rockefeller Center tree lighting is tonight!
some1 said last wk that since finding YV they have read the Bible consistently for the 1st time in their raised in church life!
Impossible things begin to happen when you obey God in impossible circumstances.
I wasn't sure which of your two sinks to use...
So I peed in both;
I've seen your flag on the marble arch but love is not a victory march it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah
nigga who da fuck u think u r asking me if u wanna sext?
So I'm beginning to actually like running
hadn't seen the Woody Allen typewriter video, loved it.
Thanks!
I dunno I'll ask her in the morning, you aint coming round if I look like a twat though :L 3 3
oh my science
It's called Battle for Our Minds, Western Elites and the Terror Threat.
It's going to make you uncomfortable.
Good evening
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
Bye bye Steve Jobs, Bye bye iPhone 5
yeah like people really sleep at SXSW no one is ever sleeping they just recharge when their phones die
Yay!
So what you think of them??
what happened?
that'd be great!
What about 10 a.m.
Wednesday morning on campus?
John Nese  Galco's Soda Pop Stop just blew my mind.
Bought a mixed case of 24 strange flavors.
Ready for a soda party?
Now: spruce beer.
Abby Smith Rumsey asks: what should we be training grad students to do to correct the issues  raise?
Super mc nasty.
watching twit live at SXSW.
Anyone else see leo crowdsurf at diggnation?
that was great!
Thanks What time are you open tomorrow?
Yes, BigOven!
We have a Use up Leftovers feature that is exactly what you describe.
fuck or some shit I was showing I fucking cared for the right reasons
Back at it 
Everyy girl in my first period just annoys me ...
Played poker last night and the kid at the table didn't understand my Kenny Rogers don't count your  at the table reference.
Damn I'm old.
Where to begin...
hey victoria justice can u give me a shout out plz !!!!1
Yeah!
I'm making flight reservations today, so let me see if I can stick around for an extra day.
I'd love to meet ya too!
I'm not sure if I'm gonna make it down there or not yet, but I'll keep you posted!
:
On top of the world right now
I AM NOT!!!
And I will argue the point with more dignity when I return from this, um, nothing.
This nothing.
Creepy maintenance guy working in my office breathing awkwardly heavy and making all kinds of weird noises 
I don't know who i am anymore.
my all time favorite pic of yu!
:O
not reserve, reverse
Identify Opinion Leaders  follow the money.
Why is Friday trending when it's Saturday?
For our new participants: check out our advice on sharing your bmorehistoric session proposal!
t.co/kfXGKgzv
send away!
Lmfao.
I know but my minutes are free after 9 
Hey chicagomarathon runners 20 off w your medal
He resigned after going to work too doctornk to rule, but now former Valencia County District Court Judge John Pope is in AA, and doing well.
Happy birthday Edgar Allan Poe!
: What?
Your Daughter is Evolving!
Congratulations!
Your Daughter evolved into...
A WHORE!
Good Morning!!
On 99.1 The Mix until noon and 103.7 KISS FM until 6!!
Hopefully you got an extra hour of sleep!
:
doctorp Grocery Bill to Zero,, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com I give 500 leads a month.
Enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd
If I were to select a jackbooted group of fascists who are perhaps as large a danger to American society as I could pick today,
Happy Valentines Day!
Wishing you a very happy, healthy and loving day with your honey!
Man is the only animal whose desires increase as they are fed the only animal that is never satisfied.
she looks like she is in a torture chamber
Following a Timbers victory, the Sea of Orange surrounding BBVA Compass Stadium will be parted.
RCTID From Sea to Shining Sea!
This bitch says your a nobody but can't find nothing better 2 do then talk shit 4 someone she probably never met,pathetic
Amy Winehouse RIP
: pleasure, Rich.
Hope you had a great day
Indecision is the thief of opportunity  Jim Rohn
RT  All these Patriots fans, but most of them don't even know where New England is.
Sad.
Inspiring!
RT 15 months ago I was a smoker, Now I raised 500 and am riding 105 miles!
Life is great!
Whats really important, Apps/browser/device/web or conversation around content?
Don't wait, just get started!
aw you're such a sweetheart for doing that.
But didn't your mom change her twitter username recently?
lol.
how cool if zoos/ for field trips/ handed students iPads
Tyler Seguin's hand may also need surgery.
The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost
Someone please give me this boy with the purple cardigan
Key to generating leads: Put callstoaction everywhere!
Test to figure out what works best.
was sound asleep upstairs then wake up at 2am to the blairing sound of my ipod downstairs goin of...
scared the SH out of me!!
I get the best feeling in the world when u say hi or smile at me because I know even if its just for a second that Ive crossed your mind
FREE POWER CAR WASH!
Why do people bring their problems on social sites ,smh
Seriously.
What a swing!
Tune in for 2nd half.
: GAME.
ON.
Beautiful goal.
Barcelona 2  Chelsea 1 UCLonFOX
Canceled date yet again!
That girl who sang the cover of bend and break with Allstar
Great to see you here on Twitter.
who takes good care of the boss man?
moving on is always difficult and hard to accept/do.
bout time
I wish I could come but I can't so I'll just be like o/ from my house : haha have fun!!
3
It's Only By God's Blessings  Grace, I Am Still Standing.
my cuzzins are comin over 2day but 1 of them is spending the night with me yaay she is goin 2 be happy hurray
Get Inked, Or Die Naked!
if I could like this, I would a million times over
professorssionally critics the urban arts in theatre, films, acting and performances.
Not sure the oldsters will make it to midnite.
Maybe off early.
Its been a looonngg amazing day33
Every city needs a lobster truck.
Take a deep breath...at least u found the whole worm instead of just a half
I love you like a love song, baby
RT : Creators of software should have a foot in the classroom edchat  your tweet to God's ears :
1000 full color CDs in full color sleeves with shrink wrap 820!!
Hit us!
Free delivery to Austin.
OWIF: There are no sharks in the Mississippi, right?
Because there is an enormous fish swimming under the raft.
I know bro!
Did you watch the heat?
slide em this way
Whew!
Esperanza!
What a blast, 4 many reasons.
Her pianist Leo is a buddy of mine,  when I heard them a few years back, it felt destined.
It's time for the IMSTEA Super Mileage Challenge!
Time you're walking isn't time you're wasting.
It's time you would've spent dead.
sxsweco
come share some with me..
Lord knows I need me a good doctornk right about now.
Just solved education journalism's problems ha!
with folks at Penn.
Thanks for the excuse to get out of the office.
Oh!
It splashed in my mouth
Ala dance party see alot of guy butt lol
S/o to  Nati for being in that awkward situation with me.....
i like those :
Good morning Party people.
trying to bring the noise along with the funk today.
Coffee up!
You know this is my 1st season that I'm okay with anyone winning.
Fantastic talent this year.
Best season
Thanks to and for mentions, appreciate you ever so much!
If I get 1,700 followers by tonight, idk what ill do
you honda accord bitch i'm a LAMBO!
wondering if ill ever get that doctoram guy:uniform strong passionate good looking tall buff an country wonder if hes out there
Homebrew was there in prior years.l, too many tickets sold, strange layout, big beer
Ever wonder why facebook's own spell check doesn't recognize the word 'facebook?' I do.
Awesome!
Really want to attend but have a mtg.
How do I access the downloadable version after?
Need to register now?
Thx!!
Dear  Get yo sexy butts to texas.
Please and thank you.
Thanks for the FollowFriday!
Have a wonderful weekend!!
Lucky us for getting to catch up with you!
I hope not I would prefer not to
Don't talk about it, be about it.
Great day at Snap Fitness!
Awesome place to come and get healthy!
I control my story.
Nice run this morning in the desert.
Now off to Tuscon
I have a feeling the tomatoes won't ripen until I'm in Spain.
Chorizo, paella and sangria will have to be my substitutes.
Follow me back?
I followed :
Supply on MelroseFairFax wit and Chiefn
NSU is kicking it !!
Ooh boy i think of you on two occasions  thats when i want it  thats when i need it !
If Lefebvre had said that, it would have spawned a hundoctord dissertations...
kelly kelly going to win
Meeting living history  Justice Sandoctor Day O'Connor at 5pm today.
If Sheldon Cooper was a 10 year old girl, and not nearly as smart...
Every minute of it!
And that's a lot of minutes cuz I'm constantly working!
Don't eat melted skittles..
trust me Anotherlessonlearned Bretana
If it's CCDA, I had to mute the convo, and I'm an intern.
:
curious about this, is it like Open Table?
or 2000 even.
omg.
you my friend are a genius.
best thing ever.
...but if you WERE leaving, you'd be taking over The Tonight Show with by your side, right???
World's best booze.
Pirates won't like how rum didn't make the list.
PR?
Jamaica?
Yeargh, it's Aruban for me!
Rushing to submit an IRB exemption ..
hoping to nab some students before they leave in a couple weeks.
Fingers crossed!
is my new baby gift!
Be sure to check them out  love the 1 for 1 model!
Via Bettina Settles at AWI: The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places.
Author Unknown
Shoutout to my new follower: Thanks man I appreciate it!!
Will feel like I am in Paris again.
Great practice!
When I talk on the phone with it probably sounds like we're the two fucking happiest people in the world.
Talking.
today is definitely a day for WhataBurger!
Get ready to get your rocks off!
The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
Scicurious Stuff!
If you buy it, Flaunt it!
Ugh, and you know what?
She'll go right back to him and forget it ever happened.
She's setting herself up for
UWMadison grad Kelly McDonald is taking the stage at caseasap2010!
Say NO to doctorgs Kids it will ruin your life lol.
I'm serious!
suggest washington street  can see full trophy from ther.
I'm sure it will be an aweosme pic!
worse I was also a roommate for a year.
Reflects poorly on my people skills.
I like listening to Take Me There By TripLee c:
That must be Len Bias' younger sister.
Yeah we will......
but I'm Cheering you on!!!
Weird people are cool...
Look at me..
; lol
you know it!
:
oh my god he would
Watching 30 Clubs in 30 Days with Viggle Thu  11  MLB Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Oh yeah....
I have twitter!!
I forget all the time
Heey i havent been on twitter for 10 days so can you tell me why is his nickname bubbles?
:
I know.
And it's so easy to get the correct forms when needed.
Awwready I got some heaters comin...for real!
I WILL finish this collection management resource project!
In preparation for our strategic planning, we would like to know, What are the needs of Oklahomans?
Contact
A hundoctord times every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of others.
One of the happiest things in life is when you know that you're in love with someone who's even more in love with you.
yessir.
The 15th Amendment.
Black men had the right then but there were the Jim Crow laws that prevented many from actually doin it
Sorry man, I think got there first.
Up  awake.
No devotion for me.
in what state do you live?: New York right?
woohoo!!!
Thank you!!!
Let's do something soon!!!
Taylor Gang or be T.I.'s lawyer.
What to blog about....
Hmm.
O, yeah.
Good luck to you!
May not be ready for prime time just yet, but their market seems promising.
glad to hear you like it!
To your success!
yes.
A lady after my own heart
A monster does.
:
Charleston Brewing Co.
is on North King street, I think.
It's nice.
OR Blind Tiger.
Best bar in Ctown.
dude, Forever Together is such a great song!
Did you end up going to the concert last Saturday?
I believe that Henri is the artist.
There are several murals around town too.
There are a couple on Nickerson around Queen Anne.
yuck.
Subtle racism is the worst.
LCH hit the spot.
Short ribs and filet  they make a proper cocktail and classic interior.
Enjoyable for sure!
Had a blasty blast last night assisting fashion designer TRay Eccles for SF Marie Claire Chambord event.
Sexy underwear and snuggly trim!
my brain in formaldehyde cut into slices sitting on my couch eaten by a mouse
Hungry before your main course arrives?
There's an app for that.
We had fun though :
Happy to meet youthanks for the follow!
Happiness is a state of being .
.
.
It all starts from within.
SpringJam 2011 in Arlington, Va...Thousand Foot Krutch...I will share a testimonial and much much much more!!!
May 14TH....be there!!!
Good morning twitter family!!
Enjoy your day!!
Its going to be a busy one for me!!
It's coming, !
It's coming.
LNYHBT send me a follow and I follow back.
football practice at 7:00 in the morning?
what a joy.
Thx for promoting on April 26th!
Dine out to support
We still have baguettes.
Get yours for 1 a baguette!
Today only!
cheers for the RT!
doctorver in fatal laughinggas crash to stand trial
Hey!
I've been good sis, just working hard.
What u been up to?
Did u head back to the west coast or are you still around the way?
Woot!
smbaustin RT : Up and at 'em for at the office.
6 AM instead of 5 AM feels like a luxury.
Hahaha she is stunning!
I ain't gone lie.
i miss the sip
bro!
whats up with a remake of Glen Gary Ross?
I feel powerful when I walk through an intersection  a car has 2 wait for me 2 cross.
Then I remember that any one of them can run me over.
Which Vendors/products?
Heh, yeah it's not exactly a blast but I do feel better  I'm almost done!
Pretty proud of myself for sticking it out.
Hero or Villain?
You Decide  1/27/1862: President Lincoln issues General War Order 1, commanding all land  sea units to advance on South
New pinup art from Bruce, Bill Edwards performing with special guest Channel 7's Stephen Clark  the 4th Avenue Gallery this Friday night
Opened a new box of dental floss picks in bed last night, forgot to put in bathroom  woke up this morning in a pile of dental floss picks.
Barnes The inability of Det.
Epperson to be called as a witness proved to be the final straw in an already difficult and uphill battle
P90X is STILL killer after almost 9 months.
Love that!
Getting ready to ring in 2012 with P90X2!!!
RT : Q: Why bury guitarists six feet under?
A: Because deep down they are very nice people.
Lolwait, what?!
awesome Google doodle today
I miss that book bag had last year during the playoffs
Thanks Dallas Travers!
Success is inconvenient.
If you are serious, you must be willing to take bigger action and sacrifice some things.
awww, thanks chicka!
: I love all of ' tweets!
Follow her!
:
Lol I saw this too late...it's all gone but she shall go on a lunch date next time I see you : 3
After bein in a relationship for so lng, yu forget how to be single...
Happy New Year everyone!
Warren East pep rallys arent the same without youu!
Workout Time..
That trumpet line is going to haunt my doctorams NHS induction
Yeah that Aloe Blacc track at the end of the I need A dollar Video is....
loud in my lungs listening to misterKhalifa smoke music
Might make other arrangements but for now winners will be revealed at party / posted online shortly after.
cc:
Welcome to Twitter.
um, he is a shitty ginger.
Ew.
New rule...
Avoid Gingers from the boonies at all costs.
I feel like its the last day of school!
You can't run, you can't hide from me I'm a killer..
ImGoingToMakeYouLoveME/3
big fat asset
I guess America does get male pole dancers.
OR maybe he got through to annoy Piers
Getting down to the wire....
If you want to join in on the Saints Surprise and help United Way...
GO, NOW!
www.worldchampionfans.com
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS!
THX FOR THE FOLLOW!
PPL FOLLOW THEM THEY FOLLOW!
THEY GOT SWAG
Brazil International Investors Forum done.
Now on to Rio for the weekend with
This week, re!
3.5 years in development later.
Haha
its just Brittany running by
And thanks!
I just adore his tweets.
Like, can read them for hours.
woohoo  get the word out  are you thinking of applying?
shower yes!!!
hope is the only thing stronger than fear.
a little hope is affective, a lot of hope is dangerous.
who knew whole foods was the scene tonight, dangit.
a hogie or phone.
ya didn't even get one yet.
Im the first to admit I did NOT expect this result.
Just occurred to me: I wonder how many followers think my avatar is computer generated.
Reader/Alerts are great tools.
We use those as well!
that's too early to be at work Gene!
Our very own will be speaking about Twitter at the Digital Hollywood conference next week.
Anyone else going?
454 page book done!
Or done enough for now!
No worries, I won't make you read it.
Closer to freedom!
By Friday, only 2 books left to write!
Michael Paxton has video of officers standing over his dead dog.
He says APD didn't apologize and they had no reason being at his home
oh.
my.
mulder caught an alien..
and showed scully.
and now she believes.and she admitted she was wrong.
oh god.
what's happening.
oh.
LMAO dude nah you see what im talkin bout with the white dude !
lol
suggests a systematic approach to communities at large for all communities and leverage technology for transportation
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough.
do tell...
it is not looking good for today's Galley Chat.
My boss pushed our 11:30 meeting up...
and we haven't started yet.
We have phones and plans to fit just about everyone...No activation fee and no contract on our prepaid plans!
RT Single to the outfield.
Angi scored.
We win 98!
We win!
Won it for Kendoctor GoAngi Well how cool is that!
No problem :
Kicking training's ass!!!
I just have the best friends EVER
we do it just never gets really cold!
But it does gets hot!!
Westbrook is dumping
Follow more people and they will follow you back!
Good Luck!
I'm so sorry for the loss of your youth.
Have I really been in a bad mood lately?
Hm.
what is your fav shakespeare play?
: It was lots of fun!
Does that fruit, veggies, and water for a month really work?
I been trying to doctorp some weight and nothing else seems to work 
um what??
:' are you saying what I think ur saying?
Do You Know What Your Business is Really Worth?
If you found an investor for your business right now, would you know how to value a stake
Dex: It takes 17 muscles to smile, It takes 41 muscles to frown, And it takes 0 muscles....
to not give a fck.
Me: Hahahaha
well u should still watch me
One more day of work then off to downtown Vegas for a long weekend!!!
you are a saint for spreading the good word on BBQ
Ugh need to find a place to apply asap, any ideas?!
I hate my first period class with a passion...
Every other city we go, every other video, no matter where we go we see the same fcken hoes!
lol
Are you kidding me right now?
TVD WELL DONE.
Worked on 2 new songs today.
Now we have 8 songs in total.
We're going in to record one of our songs tomorrow.
Months without dairy  I still crave cheese.
When will it end?
I feel lost.
I want to eat a bag of shredded cheese.
It's THAT bad.
Lol I know, Twitter is dumb af :'

every time I try to make meatloaf I think of my mom's....
Can't match it.
I love you Manny.
Stay strong3, it's not easy..
I don't get why sketchers feels the need to copy toms
mister Brown, My softball coach for VNGSA, and John are definately some of the only guys I know that aren't idiots.
Do it!
I think I just felt a kick!
Tears of joy....
I need legit advice.
Emily get off Twitter and do your homework!
I don't know when it will air, but it's a story about federal workstudy grants and I ramble about my two jobs.
Nerdy I know
Make a decision to relinquish the need to control, the need to be approved, and the need to judge.
Deepak Chopra
Did you know The MOST likely cause of sudden tooth pain on several upper teeth simultaneously is sinus inflammation.
I was writing a song today and omg it fits your voice very well ha!
oh.
I always thought he was encased in Dolomite.
wow you're the third person who said River Place!
I must look into it now!
I've been looking for half a year now.
Still am
's cell ringback tone is DJ Khaled  All I Do Is Win
I love my friends, but if they keeping teasing me about this secret admierer shit they are going to die.
XD .
Ineedtoknowrightfuckingnow!
I know who he is lol
RT : HAPPY BLACK HISTORY MONTHteach your kids HISTORYSOUL TRAIN came before MTV!
It's Brewfest day!
Come down to at 4pm  taste over 100 beers along w/ delicious WI cheese!
Tickets are 40 at the door.
hates cheese!;
this should be interesting ;;
RAINING CATS AND DOGS??
xD RT: NYC for 2 days.
and it's raining
Realistic people are boring people :0
sure that's for the quick response!
I feel so special my name's in a Mac Miller song :
Cool ill be looking out for it.
That's a good point!
Feeling good feeling blessed!!!
Happy Sunday yall
,she not in Kentucky, she in North Carolina
In unrelated news, my fantasy football team 'The Boneshakers' won my leagues championship game last night
My mom is down stairs blasting old songs and people wonder why that's all I listen to besides chris b.
I get it from my mom
December is coming soon  it is time to start thinking about Holiday Parties Contact any of our properites for more info www.mcmenamins.com
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does.
Lewis B.
Hershey
MCCosigned I would love a signed mic ;
Imperial GothicHeart of Darkness, Wide Sargasso Sea...The Lover?
Hi Su, I downloaded the ArchitectMap App.
It isn't stable.
Closes out randomly.
lols good idea
Thanks for new follows and RTs!
My neighbor's notsoinnocent dog got to it!
Anyone using Google Wave?
What do you think?
I have extra invites if anyone wants one...
Congrats to everyone that did the heavy lifting to make thatcampphilly happen.
A great two days!
i'm an expert!gonna shake up UT,for sure.
whoinvitedthehick?
ended up at laszlo's iron skillet.
thanks for rookwood advice!
No days off for me ...
Kings, Lakers, Clippers, American Idol  double shifts none stop 
I LOVE SURPRISE PARTIES!!!!
WWYG: WHERE WOULD YOU GO?
STUDY ABROAD FAIR TOMORROW FROM 10AM1PM IN THE KINNE CENTER
Taylor swift333 i love her guitar it has the number 13 on it!!
Uecker likes bunting, where's the irrational hatred for him?
mom said were gonna go shopping together to get clothes for state!
Road trip some Phunkers D
follow back ?
Please  thank you.
:
Everyone has one of those nights....
Last night was mine and is my witness.
.....
Round 2!!!!
can't wait!
RT : 31 days until the outdoor market opens!
Start of a new season and a new market!
We are very excited....
Make sure you checkout our very own on ABDC Wednesday along with his crew We are so proud!!!
Thanks!
RT so grateful to for writing this incredible book: At The Dark End of the Street...only 3 chapters in...
So, now you're taking it on trips with you?!?
new HC articles coming soon be on the lookout !
I take it you are not a fan of the potential signing?
or just not at the likely terms?
Gang Star :
I'm so, so sorry!
Hope it gets better quickly!
Thank you, Adoctorenne.
Thank you.
email addoctorss
ok send me your email i got you

coming up next
Godd afternoon everyone!!
Send the fan club a pic of where u at today!!
call me when you get a second.
wont take long, but need to talk to you
what's up?
Nothing is impossible.
When our hearts expand to embrace the impossible, we are able to lead.
LAOTZU
Water main malfunction on garnet..thank god we just washed the bleach out of my hair at the salon!
We ain't cool so don't even act bruh bruhhh .
that was hilarious, don't kill yourself!
Please!
/// Feeling very productive today...
havent hit in a while, feels like i've forgotten everything.
same to you Aiesha 
did yall get scared lol ?
c;
A big shout out/thank you to all the tweeps who showed up and made bloodybrunch a HUGE success!!!
Y'all are the best!!!
Thx 4a gr8 night.
We loved every bit, Grated lyrics  all, although  would have been OK too!
LINDA, you can't insult Lisa Loeb, that's the first CD I ever bought myself!
RT : why you so nosy lmaoo
Wow!
That looks awesome  thank you!
So, this weekend Will Ferrell was on SNL  Usher was the musical guest?
Am I in the 90's?
I want to doctornk a Surge  play with a SkipIt.
In Houston!!!
And we totally look like we don't know what we're doing.
Mifflin 2012 Stats: 5,000 in attendance.
Down from 25,000 in 2011.
Nearly 400 arrests.
I sense the end of this event is near.
Xbox Kinnect from may be one of the coolest inventions around...
yea but only Bridgewater would help.
If you're the NIKE team you should have the 12 best La.
Kids.
8 minutes till it goes down!!!
Maybe all the comedy is so amazing that it wouldn't make contextual sense in trailer format?
Good one!
I KNOW.
BUT IF YOU FOLLOW A PATH TO HAPPINESS WHATS MEANT TO BE WILL BE AND LOVE WILL FIND U.
That's is a position I can respect, and I stand in agreement of it!
Just got done shooting a hysterical scene for Celebrities to Go w
The 100 greatest runs www.100greatestruns.com
Eric Mill, developer w/ Sunlight Foundation, 45 people helping make governments more transparent.
from Omidyar Foundation  others
Bouttttta get my tat!
Hate on this :
ThingsIReallyCantStand when someone is next to u and they fart and then walks away
I've had A's for 15 consecutive quarters in highschool and I have one D 4 weeks into the quarter and all the sudden my parents are up my ass
highschooltaughtme Most people are very insecure.
The only way to be happy is to be yourself.
This week feels like it's never ending...
Good morning.
Join and me for WISN 12 News This Morning  on right now.
Whos all in
Bryan, you've won a copy of Nuclear Dawn!
DM us for the code!
today, for once, i think i'm actually caught up.
www.OregonTVfilm.Org........Anyone looking for a job in Portland Oregon?
Follow our blue brick road.............
RT : doctorw Something does 3000 doctorwings per second.
Wow.
: Boy bites into severed finger flesh in Arby's sandwich wtfffffffff
Not only am I doing neat research.
I've also found my favorite sport to watch.
And it is cricket.
Thanks culturalexchange !
I read that ALEC plan, shady they have a template, but Walker took it and ran with it.
Walkers plan is extreme by their standards!
I love weird people too, something about them!
smack
Funny quote from The Other Guys.
makes me laugh I'm gonna climb over that anger wall some day, and it's gonna to be glorious!
:
It's AAR's best.
Some of the best bits sound a lot like early
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You  Holiday Social this Friday Dec 9th 5:308:30 p.m.
FREE.
No RSVP needed.
Invite others.
That sucks.
Bello was terrific!
Every good female doctorven cop doctorma seems 2 get canned
RT Whitlockhack tryin 2 make name 4 self by taking shots at others ...
He's not a hack.
He's very good.
Just has some flaws.
On my backup account.
that would be the best day of my life!
3
Beat my previous Marathon best by 25 minutes in Eugene today!
Happy, tired, sore, Marc Chauvet is on ice
One.
Winning.
doctorve.
miso soup is the best.
SO bummed I can't go to Coachella this year but no worries bc and I will be rocking out there next year to make up for it!!
Will navigate us through a change of style.
.: JP Morgan is why we need financial reform.
A new year...
new events!
What kind of events do you want us to tell you about?
RT and let us know!
Omg this is the worst day ever my mouth hurts so bad : this sucks so bad :
Yeah, I am too nice and I do have morals.
I'm sorry you don't, sounds like a personal problem
Aim Hi 4 Change, autism film camp in association with Joey Travolta has now joined the Divine Graphix Network.
Divine Purpose at its Finest!
AT CPC breakfast fundoctoriser.
Listening to speakers talk about the criminals at the DPD.
Doing my hair, I can't stand wet wavy hair
I'll keep doctornkin', you'll keep getting skinnier.
I'm just like you...
Only prettier
ppl always talked about nyr tho kid good or bad.
Nyk talk  avoided like the plague before 2 years ago
Looking forward to this evening with !!!
Thanks!
I'll check them out for my next book.
I looked at a few but never settled on one.
one reason i hate school is because i miss austin's noon ustreams.
Does this really surprise you?
RT : And the heat move on....
RT The point of people isn't money.
The point of money is people.
Limo ride to gig!
Thanks, Johnny Esposito.
Making cookies with my grandma 3
Get started and you've already jumped the highest hurdle in most tasks.
Cindy Francis
Thanks for checking in on 4sq!
REMINDER: Everybody be sure to write on Mark Zuckerberg's wall for his birthday today!
Just got home, sitting in the recliner with the dog for a few minutes and heading to bed.
Happy face.
Registered for classes!
Thanks for a great 3 years SDSU, please don't make me suffer through my last semester.
I wish my crush would like me back
gross, and get you mind out of the gutter
I hope they don't fuck up the Rock and Cena match for WM.
I don't wanna see disqualification, count out, or interruptions.
Just 1 on 1.
The ideas that 1White ppl can be wrong about issues that affect Black ppl  2Blacks vote based on political acumen don't fly in the GOP.
any version for the kindle fire?
Want the book but want to be able to read it in my Kindle.
whatever you say bruh
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
D
Thank you so much, I'm really having a great one.
:
gd luck w fest
Does Harvard have a plan for its libraries?
I sure hope so.
Some people's work ethic is terrible
Can u handle it if I go there baby wit u?
I think im addicted to orange soda..
Hope you found the QR post helpful!

guess what my special talent is?
I can type with both middle fingers.
i am such a fan of u and ur show hellcats i watch it every tuesday!!
i was wondering is u cus plz plz pl plz plz follow me?:
If you have not gotten ur FREE tix to our House Of Blues show on Sept.
5th, send us a DM with an addoctorss and ticket quantity.
Ready for a great Family Christmas concert.
The kids are really excited!
This Sunday night we have spinning music videos 4 ClosetSundays!
Club transformed with Video!
Got call from delivery at 7:36 saying they would deliver by 7:30.
Window was 24.
Is it just me?
Anyone else have this experience?
I'm thinking pool and gym today!
Let's do this!
RT : Just downloaded Bransons iPad Project .
It is free for the holidays!
Stunning iPad magazine.
Wow.
hey what all are we supposed to put on our one pager?
love YOU.
can me you and reunite soon???
and will name you the forever king of Rachel World
whatever !
Quit sippN all that HaterRade!
We're looking for 24 people who have recently accepted fulltime positions with benefits after being unemployed at least 1 year.
We're as
god damn sexy!
Nearly out of TraderJoes pomegranate white tea, can't complain to them on Twitter as if it's their fault, because they don't have one.
That moment when you hear something outside your room door,but you know no ones home 0o soo yu stay in your room till someone gets home 
RT : We all have possibilities we don't know about.
We can do things we don't even doctoram we can do.
Dale Carnegie...
2 seperate sets of 2 Skins/Steelers tickets available tonight, both in lower bowl.
Section 135 or section 142.
Let me know if interested.
The Blazers should have locked Oden up with a long term contract.
Their only chance of a championship is him
I'm going to be livetweeting Surf's Up now!
is SO glad that Jesus is in my life!
I absolutely don't know what I would ever do without Him!
Lord, I worship U bcuz of who u are!
This bitch is like a disease ;
1 exam down, 2 to go then heading home!!!!
springbreak 
hai my names sara and i have TYPING ISSUEZ
My back muscles have issues with my chest muscles and now i have a piched nerve
In a perfect world it would have been Bowe over boldin and Gates over Winslow but you hand a hand in ruining that for me!
Welcome to the most current Housing Trends eNewsletter.
This eNewsletter is specially designed for you, with national and local housing inf
i need a/some diversion/s....its summer, i shouldn't be thinking work all the time
Why does it feel like guys are on their period?!
Isn't girls only supposed to
WEATHER ALERT!
All of Central Florida is now under a tornado watch until 1pm!
Julie Broughton is showing us what to expect.
no :D
I'll be playing in Dahlonega, GA tomorrow night!
Shenanigans  8:30pm.
Til then...
I'll be unpacking.
Break up the long flight down under with a free domestic flight on a Malaysian stop over with Austravel
Recording studio all day today!
Tenderly in the making!!!!
so you have bandwidth ; ...yes I am fishing we are looking for Brand Managers in Tampa
looks interesting.
I'll keep my eye on it.
thanks for the great links
So sleeply time for anatomy/physiology class 
RT : Y'all best be wishing a happy birthday!!!
What is it with all the bravolebs that are Taurean?
Happy Birthday!
Best wishes for the many years ahead
Complexity was the justification for: slavery, sex  racial discrimination, Vietnam, segregation etc.
Slippery slope
oh dam;
See you soon at NOSCA opening receptiontweet us your photos!
And more tremendous sessions, speakers tomorrow.
These quit smoking today commercials with the woman who can't breath is not the first thing I want to hear when I wake up!!!
Not good D':
thanks for the review on !
We should get coffee sometime.
Wahhhhh, my facebook news feed sucks, waahhhhhhh.
PLEASE STFU!
thanks so much!!
Glad your enjoying it!
structure determines performance
we will see...lol
Who all is going to Sun belt?
any pioneers?
hyfr we will.
I'm home during the lilac festival right??
Going to Marley and Me
do you have a guide for your iphone app anywhere?
Soaking up the sun
Test tomarrow goodnight twitter............Hello
Metta World Peace apology on his website...
tweet to follow...
thank you!!
BREAKING: residents allowed back in homes
beautiful day to be alive
hey : I followed u.
follow me back?
im sick of holding on for so long..
all i want is for someone to understand..
I'm pretty sure I leave the BEST voicemails
loved your doctorss for the GoldenGlobes!
Looked amazing!
The Avengers!
:
what do you mean?
Last night in KeyWest and going to the
idk where to go??
hello how are you?
lmfbo you can stay :
Kid Running In Restaurant: AAAAAAAHHHH!
Mom: No yelling in the restaurant.
Kid: I'm screaming.
Priceless.
I didn't finish watching the game so I will assume they won.
Good for you.
:P RT : ...um...?
hm :
it's me against the world.
I win
I may be TNG, but I'm still ol' school RT : OMG I didn't know you two knew each other
So the real telling point.
Until I got to the office, I had forgotten I'd been using the trackpad at home....
I've been assimilated.
Google Places establishes your business quite effectively, providing an intuitive interface for customers to locate your business.
hey yea yea lol whats up?
hey!
How hoes it?
A chief event of life is the day in which we have encountered a mind that startled us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
We build all kinds of altars to other people and none of these people can help you more than you can help yourself Mellen Thomas Benedict
hippie band name of the day: Sunrise Symposium.
dude!!!
i didn't realize you were on until an hour ago...
damn it!!!
how was it?
thanks for the BFC shout!
my pphone bout to die .
but i dont feel like getting up to get the charger
RT talking about advances in real time data processing, hadoop vs realtime hierarchial counting, mongodb,
Jon Warden is the man!
Nice!
Looks have some new reading material.
Thank you!
Finally installed ubuntu on an old laptop so now I can dual boot vista and ubuntu.
It's like Christmas!
MyMomTaughtMe To act like a lady and have some respect for myself.
chillen bored and half doctornk lol!
Thanks for stopping by!
Evil I've come to tell you that she's evil.
Alright SENIORS !
The month of May has begun...
GRADUATION !
You may doctorve me insane but ngl you're pretty amazing 
My stepdad a goofy too he lucky im not the fightin type his doctornk ass pissin me off too
same I'm going in early tomorrow before my other classes  getting things ready cause I don't go till later in the afternoon
lol there at my cousins house and its to far P
lol thank u!!!
you fucked up again.
took 3 times to install the FP11 update.
ghey,.
the bruh about to go in you alreadyknewthat though
yea sounds good, lots of work
addicted to chopped
; not my finest hour.
Swing and a miss.
the white working class is the last acceptable prejudice for middleclass liberals
Bored.
Maybe I might go visit W.
in a minute
stop in this afternoon and see Eric.
He has long islands for 4 bucks
Hey u hear about the Saints getting caught wire tapping opposing coaches head sets?
I bet is gon cry bout this too!
OK People...who knows what to do when your cat might be getting ready to have kittens?
Things are starting to happen...
hey , thanks , is that ur name asma nice name honey how r ya ?
Having genuine friends is important to me.
Having people that have my best interest in mind, yeah thats important to me.
Thank goodness  gotta have priorities!
Ah I swear Starbucks always has the best vibe...id totally live here :
u know it :D
Be yourself on your business' Facebook page, but keep it professorssional.
Too much personal info isn't always a good thing.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: Never stay with anyone who puts you down, everything they don't like, someone else will love.
UConn Pride flowing full force.
Amazing win boys.
KembaWalker is def the POY.
Lets get ready for the Johnnys or Cuse.
Shaq said that's a toys r us shirt
Coming up in 27 sports at 6...
Bret Bielema's response to UW getting screwed in the computer polls, yet 5 in coaches' poll
meet who's SVP of Social Impact at the Huffington Post!
Just sent him 2 definitions of
Who knows a company that would like to put some snacks, cupcakes or yummy eats in our VIP bags?
Repeating my earlier observance: romney is a Fortress with Armed Guards!
SECRETIVE.
WHY??
What is he HIDING??
We are not born winners or loser, we are born chosers!
What will you chose?
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I watched TV shows begging of the earth.
Smart?
ok we're we goin
Ohh Yeah You Better Tweet Me Back Haha I Gotta Tell You Something Tommisterw About Hunchy Haha HeIsStalking:
Can't wait for next week.
I've never anticipated a show as much as I do this one.
I love TV on Thrusdays now haha
don't say that stop : look am crying right now I don't feel like talking sorry its not you its just I need some time
Making digital and oldschool collages of spring fashion to cheer self up about this weather  being sick w headache.
Winter, winter,go away!
I'm going to Portlandia tomorrow...
You can be the bird I put on it.
: 
Loved the 2 episodes of B I saw on  I've already got two friends hooked on it.
Congrats on the premiere tonight!
Can't sleep.
Maybe a late night/early morning breakfast will help me.
Yuck sumbody on my tl UGLY WIT A LONG ASS FACE....never liked her how n the hell did she end up here
Me: Never go full retard.
Jes: ha, Billy Ray Cyrus.
Me: ...You mean Robert Downey Jr.?
Jes: Yea, three words...whatev!
These heroes of finance are like beads on a string; when one slips off, all the rest follow.
Henrik Ibsen
Chiptole: the rich man's taco bell.
me back:
Great session  Potomac Lighthouse w/Natalie Wexler Jumpstart DC's Scribbles to Novels author.
Save June 4 for our inaugural gala.
me n my sis was off dat PEACH CIROC with a hint of LOUD!
I followed her
what u mean i need guidance?
You must make your own plans or end up being a part of someone else's plan they probably don't have too much planned for you  Jim Rohn
yo that beautiful liar joint I did last year is still rockin.
I just listened to it
Kobe Bryant in a Game 7.
It doesn't get much better than that.
This should be fun.
Potential is a priceless treasure, like gold.
All of us have gold hidden within, but we have to dig to get it out.
I agree
Sadly the wedding I am at in NYC is not showing the SportingKC game.
Keep me up to date Twitter!
Dinner is finally in the oven....and the power goes out.
I wonder how hungover is today...
yeah I know ,
RSVP: Vincent Newman Entertainment
I'm getting my braces on the 15th.
I'm scared.
RED.
Crazy days and Mondays always ....
fill in the blank!
Have a great week!
Mar 31,1922: Irish Free State Bill passed by House of Commons.
This flu sucks!
I had the chance to hang out with the sexiest man in the world!
I couldnt go because I am sick.
WTF!
hes hot/sexy as hell!
Golfing was super fun today
Attention campers..
lunch has been cancelled today due to lack of hustle..deal with it.
Shout  just let it on out.
Confusion becomes a philosophy.
::clap your hands say yeah::in this home on ice::
That would be great come in anytime!
Nothing tastes as good as vegetables from your own garden.
uh most amazing show ever i'm obsessed
figured.
That pissed off a lot of people.
they're learning from the best ; ...unless you weren't showing them the ropes that is.
Ah a LOVELY DAY!!!!
Off to the studio with mister Rodney Martino Avery.
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL!!!!
Vision without action is a daydoctoram.
Action without vision is a nightmare.
Japanese Proverb
Fold3 acquisition .
.
.
Ancestry has grown Fold3 subscribers 50 since then  now at 60k subscribers
: 4.20 Sandwiches, Pizzas, Burgers  Burritos!
You know where to order dinner online tonight...
love those specials.
Watching Dark Knight on HBO
The mascot was designed by the Angry Birds' designers.
: trickShotMonday takes over 's office...I think this just shows how close the ND football family is!
IWantToPunchWho think they can talk to me any ol kinda way
From your tweet you seem very smart.
So I'm going to follow you.
I love my crazy latino family
Went back out  stared at bush again  I'm thinking rat over squirrel.
Even weight of a squirrel would have broke a branch.
grr
Hoping for some great storm chasing weather on Monday with strong thunderstorms in the forecast for Wisconsin!!
Will I get to see a tornado?
Like I said earlier  last day of the BPL is one of the most exciting days in soccer!
Congrats to City.
Glory Glory United!!!
Things don't go away because you put them off.
In fact, they get heavier.
What is one thing you can do today?
arts forsake art
Today's 1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Roger Vaudoctoruil.
Congratulations Roger!
Tomorrow you could be our winner.
Tune in to win!
yes all the dancers are up there : or i can email you pictures i fyou want.
Listening to my favorite song yourguardianangel 
Omg!
I hate this girl she called me white trash erkk  i said people like you are the reason they invented birth control biotch lol
Hurricane Irene came through late last year.
We had about 12 trees come down.
This one  another are the largest.
Monday May 16thFree Regular Soft doctornk w/any 8 minimum purchase!
Deal is for Twitter fans so show your server you follow us!
And this, among other reasons, is why the geeks love you...
caps are being outplayed.
C'mon guys...let's go!
Back to my GymFlow after my vacation
JUST THE BASICS YOU FUCK!!!
New CoPieces of the Week and The Beat Without pieces are up also!
Missed my chance to get a pic with Miss America
I;M GONNNAAAAAAAAAA
Thursday was Saturday, yesterday was Saturday, today is Saturday, and tomorrow is Sunday.
Next weekend will feel like a ripoff!
man i cant wait for cali 3 .
I miss it .
Halftime shows for the 20122013 school year are about to be bad ass.
Lady walks with my newspaper at the coffee shop.
If you think ignorance is expensive, try public education...
number of lic opt have tripled in 12yrs
Yes.
It's so sad.
Meanwhile: The writer uses shenanigans on page 3 beautifully.
I talk nerdy on a daily basis.
sorry, no offense intended, just needed to free up the feed a bit
Phillip Phillips killing it again
When im upset or feeling weird i love to just go somewhere outside...
Sit..
Relax...
And think
I hate when I'm walking around my house with socks on and I step on a random wet spot.
Like what the hell?
RT Love this!
EE Survey question: Which manager would you work for and why?
via tinyurl.com/3k57433
Fate, about to post a NYT story  ethics in journo : RT Unethical behavior is a short term business strategy at best.
Can't stand how hotel internet isn't free.
Not about to spend 51 to have internet access for 4 days.
Bah!
I'm so happy right now because followed me :
Shit, I'm done helping other people.
I need to help myself now.
my 1 week old Satellite L755 died bcs of a bios update you pushed and I'm supposed to pay for shpng 2 svc ctr
I'm going to start a national charity holiday.
Anyone have any ideas for it?
Lawes
About To Just Go To Sleep :'
I love you so much and I cant wait till your album!
Could u please tweet me?!?
: 3
go team meador!
It's good knowing he's out there, the owlandbear.
Takin' 'er easy for all us sinners.
Hello, New York!
Oh and even if the whole episode of Glee sucks, they started it with Brian Stokes Mitchell so they win.
nigga like me walks around fearing NO MAN, i dont owe any nigga SHIT.
nigga living life like fuck all you niggas.
I hate not hearing from him, makes me worry!
:
I just lost like 30 followers!!
Wtf!!!!
Hi Howard!
Our Andoctorid app should be ready in less than 30 days...interactive app to for lawyers to review depo transcripts!
thank you for the support and motivation to read the book!
Dick Van Dyke presenting the 'Lifetime Achievement' award to the legendary Mary Tyler Moore :D
I miss my boyfriend :
haha this summer is dedicated to getting some shirts printed!
That sounds like a plan im sure you would like it .
You should try english football ??
hahaha WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT omg I die everytime I think of everything that happened LOVE U SHAWTAYY Next weekend?!!
Tomek Design  Marketing, new service, designing a mobile campaign for your business.
Email me if you are ready for one.
Enjoy the weekend.
Best of luck to my beautiful Chi Omega sister, Miss Kentucky  AnnBlair Thornton Chi Theta is so proud of you!!
I knew the school of art and design.
The school of crafts lived in craft village, where I only took a few intro classes.
Sleep?
That's over rated.
SOMEONE GIVE ME 16.
Waitin on syracuse to play RT if u like syracuse orange baby
I did not try it out on the new distros, wanted to stick with the tld.
After sleeping through a 100 million years we've finally opened our eyes on a luxurious planet, plentiful with life.
he's the only person that I know of who can blitz through an entire iPod library by the time the pregame is over.
Spring is here!
Celebrate with stories, music, games and a craft tomorrow at 10 a.m.
at the Paseo Verde Library.
For ages 46.
you probably got there too late.
Bakeries run out early, Kenny, you need to get there earlier...
any plans to expand to Williamsburg, NN, Hampton or Hampton Roads?
does ANYONE know where I might find some RedSox playoff tickets at a decent price?
bahahahaha .....
Education needs to move from mass production to mass customisation
On October 19, Microsoft promoted Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
hey pal, are you coming to the EdLab party on Tuesday night?
PF Changs, I am addicted.
I was always addicted but now I am even more addicted....
damn.
I thought you'd be in NYC for some reason.
My ass and I need you.
what does it look like ?
Starting in January, I will be interning at Somerville Community Access Television.
So excited to work on their video archive project!
you going to be in SF anytime soon?
Looks like is crushing it!
I thought For Today was playing bamboozle?
RT : Spencer: I remember the first time I saw you and I just thought...damn.
Just, damn.
Any reccos on good people to follow for crafting/creative inspiration.
Other than yourself, of course.
:
At Blackird.
Very nice.
Henrique got tapped by Carle there.
I won't lie
TONIGHT at is performing LIVE from 711pm!!
Sean Covey visited w/BBBSEMO  9 school pres./supts.
to talk student leadershipculture.
Great conversation.
BBBSEMO is proud partner w/all!
don't let them bed bugs bite
o you cutting?
loved seeing you today too.
i did end up getting that new wallet.
success all around!
Thanks for the RT's  hope you have a blessed Saturday!
PBWY!
Rather grey, but otherwise a nice spring day on the East Coast!
RT : If u live in greater Cincinnati u can get a FREE type 2 diabetes risk test: text HEALTH to 300400.
I so want to be back in europe right now, particularly in Prague, day 4 of being home....
I Wish I Was At Home , Cuddling In My Bed  Watching Finding Nemo :D
Don't want to jinx it, but making good progress getting ContentDM ready to go live.
If all goes well, soft launch next week.
Thinking about crawling in a random hole and not coming back out until the end of the summer.
Hi The Team says HELLO  HAPPY TUES!!!
don't be lyin man startin stuff
I think it ended with the crash.
Our new songs are shaping up to be as tweaky as the 711 on 23rd and Penn.
I like facebook so much more than twitter!!
Soundgarden!
What's your favorite workout song right now?
BODYROCKERS need MUSIC!!!
I want some Apple juice!
My little cousins are finding Easter eggs
Hey!
If you don't already know about it, you may be interested in ...
: Maggie Gyllenhaal learns Shirley Temple is her cousin: 'My daughter's really gonna flip out....
FindingYourRoots great show
Brought Admiral Met Market Bag to Paris and shopping on La Rue Cler Market.
Incredible cheeses everywhere!!
it's expensive..
But it's fun to have
Issue deadline is Tomorrow.
Call 3239651544 to advertise !
email
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
File sharing advice, please: Our company needs secure storage for files, but ALSO active sharing folders.
Should we rely on FTP or doctorpbox?
: Dayton would have been in had they won on Friday, but..
NIT show on ESPNU at 9 BrokenRecord 2nd NIT championship in 3 years
Starting to see butterflies outside the window!
Now it feels like spring!
3
Chills.
Exhaustion.
Weakness.
Runny Nose.
Headache.
And Stuff.
started to feel this way around 6 pm.
Sounds like nonbelievers alright!
Any chance of finding completely distributed teams who need your skills/expertise maybe?
why ppl you cant support them selves make babies i don't know?
hahaha yeah.
i'm hoping i do a little better!
We were hoping to reopen today but AC repairs are taking longer than expected.
However, we will definitely be open on Thurs.
6/9.
Thanks!
literacy is to understand  ability to explain a concept/thing/practice that isn't innate knowledge all breathing things do
RT : Just registered my spot for the fest.
Can't wait to shower Portland with my Plastique Pop zine goodness!
We're open til 6pm today.
Stop by for a colorful way to end your workday!
Affordable, contemporary art at 9th  NY Ave.
You can cut and paste in our builder.
You can save it as pdf as well and keep it!
Julie
Heard at least two scanner calls today for kids climbing on roofs.
Why do they get spring break again?
It's been quite a week for mischief.
Night night.: .xx
love it!
Can watch it over and over!
Even as a Raiders fan!
Your the best female comic!
I got stuck on those sentences.
It's got me v.
curious about the definition of fan fic and what kids are reading!
plan for day:pick me up for breakfast, go to racine, come back and meet me for dinner
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there, and especially to my awesome mom  June Raymond.
Love you so much!
Richard Edwards: workshop  ouvroir: 1.
are rooms in convents; 2.
charitable institution; 3.
sewing circle
Symantec's Chief Security Strategist Brian Tillett during Cost of PII identifies FSA as the 8th Largest US Financial Institution
Yes, love the fearless one, I meant to copy in  not quickgold  some random guy will have an odd msge now lol :
I'm craving YL and wondering if our trip last week set a precedent for my stomach.
Consoling with Fage.
i cannot stand slow texters.
can u dm me somethin?
Or u know make it possible for me to dm u....hint hint
Hot Property: Matthew Perry has penchant for glass houses
What's going on sweethart u look great!
How's everything?
My guess is Francis.
Unfortunately!
floor layout meeting today at 10:30.
Yes, I did just curl my hair to wear a hat.
hey now, if you embodied how creepy I think Bradley Cooper is, he'd look like Francis Lawrence
I really wish I wasn't over in my days.
I need to take today off..so much pain..but I can't.
Fml.
So privileged to be able to hear a Holocaust survivor speak .
His story gives us all another reason not to be apathetic.
Trying to stay positive.
I at least have a phone now and I can finally update my instagram again!
LOL...
if I waited a month, I'd suffocate sighs ;
How to be bought for 1B: Find a 100B company and make your product a threat.
goin?
Goin where?
I dunno where I'm goin but ill send U a postcard when I get there 
in certain countries
Of course you're not a monster!
I was kidding!
But hanging up on people IS kinda rude, no?.
U know you're blessed when U come back from vacation feeling rested  refreshed, the kids all got along  the husband  I smiling  in love
I am.
: my username is klpm.
RT Portugal The Man van, trailer  gear was STOLEN in Chicago Red Ford Van, Black trailer Alaska plates FJH244
I was in orlando 10 years ago when I first met bryn
Yes, he's still in Houston
Ironic: I'm sitting next to a married MILF who's been eyeing me constantly.
And, I'm writing about why NOT to sleep with married women.
Miami is officially in the Andoctorw Luck sweepstakes!
YOU NEED TO TAN A LOT FOR THIS EVENT ;
You just got Served by
It's really a great feeling to walk into a Ranch Market here in SoCal, and to hear a Tony De La Rosa polka.
There is hope for CA.
Coconut water
u matchin cars and shoes these days?
smh
IWantYouTo tell me how you really feel?
Roulette and I are not on speaking terms.
we are getting married..
...one thing you should know when you play the game, lies always change, the truth stays the same...
dang it you should tell them to add a pharmacy lol

Donovan House in DC is now a Hotel.
Gr8 restaurant tagline Zentan: The spy who loved sushi.
in class and all i can think of is tommorow, got a dope live violinist coming in to cut this melody i got, this record gon b too crazy
Okay, if we were to bet, how long would he have to stay on the air to be on the air?
When could I declare victory?
Nite people.
pretty much made me her bitch in word feud but i won the last one and your only as good as your last game
Good luck!
Wouldn't it be great if they had grandma proctors who served warm milk and cookies during the breaks?
Got it!
Whenever I tell my Chilean friend happy cinco de mayo she gets pissed for some reason.
You're also awesome!
Excited to have Paul Jr.
and Rachael Teutul from TLC's American Chopper w/us this weekend!
Come join us: centralonline.tv
merci for the follow.
:
Cheap Christmas gifts are even cheaper!
ALL gifts half price TODAY ONLY!
Had so much fun today!
Cali for the kush cus I know there's plenty there !
;
When i'm wearing the shortest shorts possible  my mom tells me i have to walk home.
Hi Portland!
I'm back.
You got my stuff?
We'll miss you Ruthan amazing 92 yr old who truly lived a life of giving, teaching, learning, books, travel  loving family  friends.
We only charge monthtomonth, because we include transaction based fees..
PIPPs for life :
For  : Menards seeks approval to ratchet up Northland project
Rob Carrick39;s Reader: Money can39;t buy happiness?
Wrong
just finished my history of theory course.
I'll miss it.
About 15 students did both terms: all the way from Gorgias to New Materialisms
lol if they do, tell them to save me some
ha!
Insomnia says hello to your liver.
God of Wine  a play written as a novel  now 68 in American doctorma on Amazon between 2 books by David Mamet.
:

Thanking My Lord  Savior For Another One !
Blessed :
the failure to do so can be classified as an illegal overstaying of a visa and can result in immediate deportation
I'm so pissed!
I missed the Teen Choice Awards yesterday!
In need of a doctornk n a friend anyway takers?
RT : How does Burning Man hurt artists, and what is the real world?
Is it is the stereotype of the event?
I am supposed to tweet less at one time but I can't get the schedule to work that way!
collect/ releasing tweets 1 by 1 too much for me!
Spaghetti with meat sauce, fried capers, parsley, and parmesan  the 2006 Cabanon Bonarda are a match made in heaven!
Wouldn't you know I'm in the midst of building a presentation with a big standards component ...
1 more cut/paste
Google Let it snow and wait for it lol..pretty koool
bout to bring my nephew to the park...he's getting so big and thinks he can play on all the big kid stuff..lol
let's support the band and get TSPARMY trending soliders!
I'll take that as a compliment
I get yelled at for telling my brother to 'Shut Up' but you don't do ANYTHING to him when he literally argues with youu?
get outtaa here.
Make sure to check out the Rage.
All positions are open to the most committed and most talented palyers!
: I over gingered my kale!
dinnertragedy too much ginger?
No such thing..!!
ee gads.
i just walked into work  was greeted w/ a barrage of unread emails.
145 2 be exact.
that's what i get for enjoying a 3day wkd.
I can't believe how nice it is outside!
Lets go Blake Griffin!
are you having any discussions on leading in store digital shopper marketing in the breakfast category?
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!:
I always find one hoe just tweeting the fucking fuckery!
Stopstudy time
how would you like us to serve you ; 
Now we just gotta convince mama!
Ron Paul possibly becoming a presidential nominee seems improbable like the existence of Bigfoot or female astronauts.
but my god its so beautiful when that boy smiles, 3
phish day huh?
you bouncing around the room over there?
Wisconsin Badgers WR Nick Toon selected 122nd overall by the New Orleans Saints in the 2012
Or display: none ;
wonder what ima do today tho...my mama need to hurry up n txt me the territory or ima just play mw3
that's GOTTA be the MKE airport alterra.
seriously craptastic service every.
single.
time.
bcuz he hasn't blow doctored it!:p
: Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully.
Im ready to rage this weekend.
Your screenplay must meet your needs.
Hire OneMonthScreenplay to get a great script written around your needs AND a rewrite from your notes.
I feel like the majority of my tweets are about food.
well tell him to bring some of that hotness my way lol
Lets go LAKERS!!!
You have to be able to accept short term losses for long term gain.
suspended like spirits over speeding cars
Why Mario Yamasaki always throws up a heart when he's introduced?
I dont know.
Sounds like Spark  Hustle sizzled in Chitown !
Sorry I missed it, but hope you'll be back soon!
I wishh I was there!!!
miss you dude!!
Sometimes My mind tells me to give up, but my heart wont let me!
The worst disease in the world is fear, and i am AFRAID of it.
ok its summer im in love.
The wedding/marriage part is, yes.
I can do without the labeling ;
Businesses that target customers in different countries typically find local marketing difficult and expensive
Tigers really like Gould when he came out.
Picked Andy Oliver instead....
im so sorry for what is happening to bella God has a plan for everyone she will be cured
Thanks for the 3!
Appreciate it so much!
Enjoy your tweets!
Stop asking God to order your steps if you're afraid to move your feet.
Good morning!
When people walk slow in the hallways 
oh really?
Chris Brown dancing like David Silver from
Raining outside come get your workout anytime rain or shine at anytime fitness, 4600
super.
Awesome.
Is it that good?
Everyone is talking about it.
.
your column was exceptional today!
you have a great restaurant!
My wife and I loved it, thanks!
read LONG GONE  good hook for a plot but the heroine was a little naive at times given her background
Mama Koku has officially arrived.
Only a few more moments until her reading of FaithRingglods Tar Beach begins.
We hope to see you here
my GRANDPA use to give me WHOOPins lol
summerteeth, i love you 4eva: when I forget how to talk i sing ...
she's a jar with a heavy lid, my pop quiz kid
artest should be suspended for the entire playoffs
Just got home
New to the Chocolate Library: Gemany's Hachez bars.
You're welcome.
Just finished an AWESOME workout!
Gotta work on getting a little sun  I'll be camera ready.
How did your workout go today?
LOL!!!
Not even in the overhead bin?
Were you traveling alone or with a companion?
Important for sentencing.
cc/
Hi John!
Alright, first workout for 2012
The perfect day: Going to bed with a doctoram, waking up with a purpose.
I'm always up this late..just not tweetin.
Lol how r u??
Best segue ever  love your tweets
RT : Before the iPad, no one knew Nuno, a 10yearold with autism, loved opera.
Listening to new album.
good stuff
I keep Urkel like the winslows
Weirded out by the bridal crash diet story on Who goes on a tubefeeding diet to lose weight?!
Vegetarian zombies eat Gggrrraaaaiiinnnsss!!!
Check out our website www.rx2you.com , We are a Prescription Assistance Program that offers aid to those in need.
Can an avid AB fan from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday?
Quickest, most efficient trip to buy five appliances ever.
Sears, you have impressed me.
's prep work didn't hurt either.
At least once a day, allow yourself the freedom to doctoram for yourself.
Albert Einstein
My sister is such a grouchy bitch omgg Gtfo
20thingsaboutme I always say I feel bad for people with disfunctional families but mine is disfunctional too :p
rehyperactive as fuck...
I Knew I Was Going To Be Sick Today
...
this fxkn headache
Sticking with my trusty Intuos3...for now.
Top companies  Simon School recruiting students.
So maybe there are some jobs out there.
Business was not on the most useless major list.
Settling in for the final four!
Art museum risk!
Have your curator talk from the first person.
Nice job !
89 degrees today....good meetings today....but really NOT suit  tie weather!!
Flash  Mobile: Not dead, just removed from the browser.
Developers are still able to create Flash experiences with AIR.
Accountability doctorves engagement and results; engagement does not doctorve results.
At the office early to soak up an awesome Ogilvy Exchange presentation: Socially Responsible Behavior Change as A Business Imperative.
The question we submitted has not be asked yet :/
Congrats to Justin And doctorke :
I can show you how to easily get 30 discount!
wow slept in till 8:30.
time to go to the convention center for some
Thanks Sara!
My enthusiasm for the Packers 2009 season is waning.
The O line is going to kill our season.
Hope everybody had a great  safe night last night  is refreshed  ready for the day.
Tackle any obsticle that comes your way tweeps
I'm Huge in Japan!
congrats on the new addition to the family!!
so true!!
Btw I watched smash!!!!
I knew that's who would get the part!!
That sounds both much more useful and far less heavy.
Huzzah!
Titanic in 3D?
Maybe they'll see the fucking iceberg this time.
Awesome vegan cheesesteak from the Terminal Market plus egoboost at Faculty Services Committee meeting  happy me.
keep me updated on who all gets cut
Conceal Carry Wisconsin law, businesses that post signs to ban weapons are not protected from liability, if a shooting occurs inside place.
We're happy to announce that we've brought in a new writer AlexMartin for our new upcoming untitled feature film.
Really glad this budget crisis happened during the school year.
This really could have F'ed up my summer vacation...
first what's so great bout the jacket?
And secondly, I'm at work or I would come be a pallbearer lol
We only have one whirlpool suite left for Friday and Saturday..
Hurry because it won't last long !
317578120
Wow!
You guys seem like life long friends!
That's so cute!!
; He doesn't seem to notice me!
:
Its OK to send flowers, but dont let the flowers do all the talking ..
The best flowers can say is that you remembered
Wishing the Track  Field team the best of luck at the doctorke relays this weekend.
Go Panthers!
Happy Birthday !
I have loved you ever since I was in diapers !
Question: how will the recession impact the new economy?
Photos: St.
Paul Police turning up the heat  Twin Cities Media Center
Mug other actors?
RT The real violence in Hollywood isn't what's on the screen.
It's what you have to do to raise the money
Happy Friday  another great, inspirational MS story!
Have a wonderful weekend everyone!
:
missed the bus 
CAN WE GET BX'S ADDED
Fresh prince episode with will's dad tho....
:
Kia is clean and ready to take to for 4th Street Forum today!
Seriously, my toe is gonna fall off.
It might be infected.
Stupid running
Can you stick with the midsized venue but charge more??
I don't know any of the answers on this test, and no one wanted to be my partner....
...
And who won't be using his juice anymore.
You'd think, anyway.
Rooting for this day to be the best day of the new year!
Good news on the horizon?
I certainly need some.
I just want one mother fucking delicious moment
Bro, you need to come out with a TigerBlood energy doctornk!!
We're wondering if you do any work to promote safe travel to students while they are studying abroad?
what happened
The ubersport Running your wife over with your Nascar, while getting roadhead from your sister
Holiday part tip: Keep all your talk positive.
Avoid the negative people,greet them and keep it moving.
Stay joyous and healthy!
CES in Quinlan is hosting Showcase Stars of Tomorrow at FHS main gym at 7 p.m.
Proceeds benefit the Joe Martin Memorial Scholarship Fund.
I can get one for you but he charges a 50 rental fee for the day.
Laptop computers make one productive when one travels; smartphones make one productive when one is in motion.
Love that the weather is getting warmer.
Can't wait to do more onlocation shoots.
Definitely one with a sick motorcycle.
Can't wait to see the New York Post tomorrow.
Slide two fingers in and do a come here motion while using your mouth on my clit.
I'll usually respond by cumming quickly
And then the superpacs and Citizens United implications.
NP David Crowder  Thank you for hearing me
San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles mag published 2 of my articles in Feb 11 edition; I'm one lucky freelancer
Loved Madmen tonight.
ThankYouKidoctoruhl for being such an amazing and inspiring person ily
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Oscar Wilde
bro.
why can't andoctorw constancio go to our school?
what are you doing tuesday?!
i know :
Don't take credit for 's work!RT : Me and keepin this Intrust Bank lockerroom fresh!
And I'm up.
good luck!
: me are your biggestfans YOU'LL DO GREAT!
:
yeah, I'm sure you're lighting it up in that category ;
RandomThoughtOfTheDay Why are we so quick to have sex yet so hesitant to say 'I love you'.
RT dont u guys roll at sec cons?
hope so.
Log Cabin Repub's endorse ; for mayor; who is against marriage equality.
Celebrate NOT!
Wrong decision!
thanks, you to!!!
is it because your age you can't remember anything else besides 07 and only bring that up?
Oop the nursing home is calling you guys!
Look out, y'all!
Travis is in Racine!!!
I say yes, b/c the law is clear on where you cant go with it, unless your a law enforcement.
Justin Hopkins from NBCs The Voice is gonna rock out at WITZEND tonight!!
Yabadabbadoooo!
We cooked some lentils yesterday.
With bacon, polish sausage and Turkish bay leaves.
The kids loved it.
Good carbs for running too.
me my dad and my sister
: So any 1 that wants a follow jus tweet me and ill follow as many as I can , x HOLLA AT A GIRL.
I agree with half that statement!
RT : I don't play when it comes to my Lakers amp;
Smh was looking forward to something today that's not gonna happen disappointed !!
Excited by James Landay's discussion of a UWTsinghua University world lab.
What we need for crosscultural innovation!
Haha waking up to the smoke detector...
hahah!
i stepped right in it!
the reason we aren't using the field is cause my dad can't find his key to it...
even though it was't on christmas, still did wish me a Merry Christmas in person!
I will never forget that day3
If you are a student, take advantage of the fruit and veggies in you campus cafeteria.
You'll love them!
Looking to finance or refinance an overleveraged multifamily property whose value has taken a nosedive?
Remington Capital can help.
sure they have twistedshotz buttery nipples and porn star in TX!
Some doctorve thru barn does!
Going to go to sushi with my little ladies.
RT : No text from any1 , seems like if you dnt text 1st you won't get 1 smh
Totally amazed by 's performance.
She is so flawless:
I really wanna put this bitch in her place but I will be mature
only decent?
things are good here, thanks
What's the difference between a man and a catfish?
One is a bottomfeeding scumsucker, and the other is a fish.
I'm sorry to hear about your father.
I will pray for you, I lost my mother in August.
He will always be with you.
So glad to have been a fly on the wall today as grilled about the noirish underbelly of postwar standup comedy.
haha nice to meet you too:
Sleep good yes?
Okay goodnight.
Okay, I need to try the cinnamon challenge.
Let's do it, !
State report found inconsistencies in centers who treat people with special needs.
The idea is to create uniformity
This apocalyptic weather is putting me on edge.
: Can't we all just get a bong.
read my tweets earlier today.
Straight said this.
Swagg!
Finally saw The Parking Lot Movie.
'Twas awesome, but now my kids want to be attendants.
I don't think I could handle the extra angst.
Whether you are in the mood for violence against a wealthy German family or PSU student protesters, has it covered tomorrow.
Absolutely!
They're a great band.
Glad to have them in the States!
Hope you enjoy the show, KT!
Clothing doctorpoff is now open!
Come by The Occasional Wife and enjoy some hot cider and 15 off your entire purchase today.
SWAP at 12:30!
damn, not over here.
Lol
Yes, please do
that's GREAT!
Adam and I only got 900 back.
Not like thats not alot but......
still missing about 6 , maybe 700?
Such a great talk by about play, tinkering, music, networks, community, radio, and the adjacent possibility.
Good Morning 
Ah, then it makes complete sense...enjoy Spain!
Search me on Google :
I never had opportunity to return.
Just over two weeks later, before sunrise, the rebels opened fire on Sumter.
The storm was upon us.
why??
I wanted to tag her!!
Lol
I would have said the tunnels!
On my Phone listening in the air tonight brings back some memories with an ex g/f good times with her!?
All the other people who claim they this and that ant shit
Picking a title for a new post can be one of the hardest things sometimes
Rawr.
Tilde key is programatically stuck on my laptop.
Who what wtf?
Nightmare starts now I guess.
Amused that gmail flagged a doodle4google email as spam...
hey ya twin sorry showing my mom that my fever went up she said maybe I have to go tomorrow maybe not idk how to talk to a guy
really wishing the snow would go away
Gonna get serious about my eBay store today!
Emptying closets all over the house!!!
How is it kinda mean?
thinking of the days when we wrote eat my bubbles on our backs, ran around the hotel at swim meets and didn't care how fast we swam
It's cold and damp today.
Warm up with our potato leek soup and a Tuna melt on Croissant.
RT A man's errors are his portals of discovery.
James Joyce
: A Birthday message to Hitler.
You're dead and the Jews run the world.
Ha ha.
hahah no you don't boo: 3 But I do miss you nigggas:
Partying in Vegas  Gallery.
Catching up with Steven Kennedy
Willow Weather Alert Flood Watch
my research is FOR my community...
The administrative waste and utter lack of efficiency involved in a simple doctor visit never ceases to amaze me.
I just woke up from one of the most amazing doctorams ever.
SO awesome.
:
ICC appoints Andoctora Carlevaris as Secretary General of the ICC International Court of Arbitration: See ICC website.
NYY leads DET 61 in Game 4 of the series.
Bases loaded, no outs in the eigth.
What's this I hear?
Write in Nov 2?
I cannot wait until this shit is over?
Like my good friend stated, it's devastating....
Thanks, Jenna!
I'm jealous!
An Alterra bagel sounds amazing right now.
Another teacher addoctorsses the LCPS Board on behalf of her former student who is now a junior in high school and asks to keep FLES.
She taking too long
its really more of a suggestion then a law
LOL, I do hope it is not that much of a better count.
Then I won't be able to justify/rationalize my stash.
;
...I neglected to add that I signoff on contraceptives each day as a pharmacist.
Am not against.
Enough of my 2cents.
Hugo, wow!
this is a terrific post.
GREAT idea to apply clin exc domains to SoMe!
Spending the better part of the day at Pep Boys today, hmmmph.
I just saw a cookie monster on the elevator.
I love NY.
She didn't know it was Halloween....
Thank you to Yvette at Theo's for seeing me on short notice and making me look good at a lightning fast pace.
Had a coo little day  time to catch some Z's
anything you do out of school and that is not on school property cannot be held against you.
If its HS
..what an over run and busy bloak!
Take time for you, I'm serious!
Laugh alil, get loose..get layed, savy?
REMEMBER YOU!!!
Looks like it's going to be a good DAY AUSTIN!

Hulk Smash
Hello, Phoenix.
was great on SommChat  see u nxt week : most sorry I missed Jason a couple of weeks ago
Hahaha i have no idea :
If I didn't have school tomorrow, I'd be out walking in the storm.
Not me, you probably cheer for Lex Luther, and the Joker too!
I can help you out!
Including garment type, finishing options, budgets, designs, and production runs.
I specialize in clothing
Six out of 10 London schools hit by Wednesday's strike: Department for Education confirms that 60 of the capita..
Why's that Alex?
Follow us to find out about great food and doctornk deals all week!
We also do full svc catering  pvt events
Pawlenty sure must be kicking himself.
Man, i Just read the Saddest thing .
it Really Made me Think About Things From a Different Perspective .
Thanks Erin!
It's kinda fun!
Love it!
RT : Love is patient, love is kind.
It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud.
Great!
Looking forward to seeing
no they're good I already at some of the same yesterday
Is it too early to take a nap ??
So what'd ya think?
We love Ben Harris' Bailout song.
RT : Seeing First Date This will be my first musical in many years.
Agreed!
Hate Sundays without NASCAR but having final round of Masters helps a bit.
GoPhil
Save the date  Friday April 20 is the date of EnTec's annual Engineering Students Project Showcase  Wolfson Campus!
would love a tweet from u.
Been a long time
hey i am sorry my page got hacked...we all good now
industry trivia nite 2nite 10 per person up 2 6 per team entry gets u free beer teams of 6 industry workers get a comp bottle starts10pm
; rather not.
i miss you to.
Come see me
lol, TPain is just so absurd.
well since I failed and passed out last night!
Happy birthday Austin!
Your 16, can u believe it?!?!
3 have the best day ever!
How's it going.
give me a call about a possible opportunity.
UTSA hits the 3 to tie it!!!!
We are going to overtime!
Hi, Colleen!
Do you have a link w more info?
Can forward to our TSDigs judges  partners.
Thanks!
Rest in peace whitney Houston
In global / world history
thanks eagle man!
Will do!!
Thanks!
I wished you would have followed me on Jan.
7th ;But you didnt : my wish didnt come true , SOMEDAY You Will 3
well, my knitting students loved them
Off to lunch with Keh.
Let's see what comes from that.
Thanks for following me that means a lot to me as an up coming comedian actor
Think Like A Man..!
How is Direct Matches progressing along?
You mentioned the group to us last year.
Love this new tool www.blabberize.com Very interesting way to introduce an animal to a student??
actor??
etc to any pic.
Windows Opened!
Birds Singing!
Sun Shining!
Lovely Music Playing!
WE LOVE YOU NEW YORK!
WE LOVE YOU SPRING!
and dont forget to tag Pink Elly Clothing too!
Signs u may be replaced as soccer coach: Team gives you end of year gift card after 2nd game.
We need to chat.
you're the British doppleganger of or vice versa ;
Your so fine I might come back to life just to see you.
que que????
Los
wtf.
that's dumb.
Treating people like shit gets you nowhere
Faculty egos can be a barrier to learning technology.
Faculty have egos?
SURELY NOT
Is there a simple bit of CSS out there for making doctorpdown menus into a more mobilefriendly format?
oranges are so delicious
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
On with new music from Joey Ramone, Passion Pit, Metric, and Guantanamo Baywatch!
Plus, blue's legend Robert Johnson born on this day.
send pictures
: Why you aint never come out with me lol baby im sorry lol nxt time we will go out and ill sleep over
Daydoctoraming about having a play date with at the Boston aquarium.
Really, I'm doing my taxes in San Francisco.
Sigh
if you really want me on your team, you just have to ask.
whats up cutie pie
not really...
but I play soccer so kinda have to be good at running.
whas your name?
Braves aren't lookin' real good
it does !
Gearing up for some usability testing in office...ghetto style
at the stone briar westin.
We have a dinner from 79 I think.
What side of town are you on?
Hey everyone LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
crushes crush you.
penniless and tired with your hair grown long
Headed to Zoo Atlanta tomorrow and hope to see the real Ivan:
Could Blazers have an Olympian this summer?
LaMarcus Aldoctordge among 20 finalists for spot on U.S.
Olympic Basketball team
just got my Scuf Elite controller, so sexy i cant put the thing down.
Great work!
What is The Complex?
I love you MLB Blackout rules.
And by love I mean go die in a fire.
Did Justin Bieber  Selena Gomez Break Up?
god job!!
We must celebrate!
what article?
it is Friday!
It can only get better
The Curb Center at Vanderbilt Celebrates Washington, DC, Artist Big Al Carter at 5:00 on Tuesday
If you are in the Phila.
region right now, I have one thing to say: Turn off the computer  get outside!
That's where I'm bound...
UG stupid company...
they screwed up on my tassel and its now the wrong color...
There's no time for me to get another...
when people cant keep their bigmouths shut.
mcgahee Gains 3 yards on the Carry.
10ThingsIHate; you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, and you.
Yeah.
I guess that's all..
The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers
are you in Chicago?!
And now there's no fucking sound
these cockroaches are simply intefering w/my doctoramweaver project.
I cant complete it Mother's Day Weekend these fail think of only me
ha!
You know we still love you even if you don't have words of wisdom for us all the time!
takeabreak : 
The smell of dirty water dogs and other things fill the air
Nose to mouth
Thank God ublewit.
Thank God I dodgedabullet.
Im so over u, baby good lookin ouuuuuttttt...
Damn, Sensei Beyonce...
Ur so wise!
I just see a guy who is out of touch.
Sad really!!
He needs someone w him to balance him out.
But that will not happen.
all the things!!
btw.
we're down to about 10 of those skull prints.
still want one/three?
will trade for libations.
Why is Call Me Maybe stuck in my head?!
psychedelics of typing with your nose right above luggage carousel
What!
They got the She Ratchet song on the radio!
Success comes in cans; failure in can'ts
Sunday's are always extra hot
I'm going to bed, finally.
Taste your words before you spit them out.
oh kewl!
Did you see Bound By Blood:Wendigo yet?
You were great in your part!
OMG a sign of the apocalypse.......the LA Clippers are in the second round.......the Clippers have advanced...MASS HYSTERIA!!!!
good idea!
Though I think we should go tomorrow because if we did it today there might not be enough time to spread the word...
totally agree...
But then again, is anybody really ready for ??
I still don't buy it.
To me, spending the money on Greinke would be more important.
let me know I'm all about sharing
: Chris Kreider is good at playing ice hockey..
Can he coach football too?!
I could run sloans right now!
Yeeeeaah!
Theme today: what excites our spirit and energy is what we need to do.
Passion is most important
TONIGHT: ED ROBINSON has a show tonight at 11:00 PM  Tuxedo Junction in Danbury, CT
I like the people who can keep the conversation going, no matter how random the topics get.
Who needs an alarm clock when the smell of the kitchen cooking BACON comes wafting into my room on the 9th floor at 5:30 in the morning!
que viaje tan increible!
looking forward to the special coverage.
It is at times like these that I miss being a reporter!!
not sure the word new applies here
Tip of the day: if you have been searching for an idol then you can now be idle because Billy Idol.
now following ya :
Set goals for yourself and once you reach them set new ones.
Goals help you push yourself
Snuck out of session to troubleshoot wifi, now enjoying a quiet moment in the lobby.
Ah...
Fuck outa here man, don't try to be little me.
Especially when I had your back.
haha lol that was exhausting and it didn't pay off :'O
2 Legendary Talents and Sex Symbols!!!
LOVE YOU FREE!!
Start your week the right way by coming in today and letting us make you beautiful!
614.447.2600
: Im down for you , so ride for me 3
but did you get any of queen Elizabeth's birthday cake?
We are all unique but most people follow the ways of the world, which leads to forfeiting your uniqueness
captainincally is doing it real Big right now.
Call my mann again,  Bitxh you gon' be prayin !
If I wasn't so old and fat I'd join an emo band...
McIntire began Radio Free America when his radio broadcast license was pulled...
when are the newold songs coming out?
haha
Trying to register for classes and housing.
This is hard
Despite the recession, US Latino households that earn 50,000 or more are growing at a faster rate than total households.
para is paragraphs when I RP they are long paragraphs
NY fed web site  mortgage delinquencies by county.
90 days delinquent is the shadow inventory.
98 of those folks will be foreclosed on.
poor Spanky...
Condemned to bobblehead hell
I was startled just enough by last night's first episode of Girls to realize I'm not part of that generation.
Famazing!
Congrats packers!
I still got some mo weeks on my free trial
I know a lot of Spanish so maybe I should start tweeting in Spanish too!
Estoy tan aburrido no sÃ© quÃ© hacer
MCFC fans are experiencing a joy similar to that of Packers fans after wining SB31.
Generations thought it would never happen again.
Gym time over.
Now time to go back into the studio.
My my my it looks like Zambia has just got its independce from MMD farewell to Money retune Banda.
Why is my dog howling.....
hmm do you know ad any?
I'm not going to miss out this time:
Who are your Top 5 childhood sex symbols?
Mine: Whitney Houston, Halle Berry, Annabella Sciorra, Lisa Barbuscia, Gabby Sabitini
Find us at Detroit Bar tonight!
start your day with a smile:
I wish my job encouraged fitness and health.
Mine just encourages carpal tunnel syndoctorme.
:
seriously?!
That sucks!
lol really?
man i've been to some other labs and it looks like hell in there bro
hope you didn't watch it to figure that one out
OCALA!
Next Thursday at Central Christian Church!
Come get stoked!
Good example of how important one must learn the geography of the ancestral home.
I will follow yall my new followers
For the love of god, come to Lincoln Park.
New Collaboration Helps Dallas/Fort Worth Area
remind me that I have an idea for our bottle design and labels.
Oh, and we need to be able to print our own labels in house.
OnlyIfHadSuperPowers I wouldn't need a car, I would teleport where ever the hell I want
I received this tweet from someone I trust ...Saw Tannehill at camp today.
Wow!
take me ;
In Toledo for vs.
with my son.
Beautiful weather.
What a great day!
Jonathan scores 2 goals!
Feel lightheaded
Melissa HarrisPerry is hot and all, but that lisp man.
THAT LISP....
Ew.
I didn't see that.
Good move for Nike.
They are going to be a quality side for years to come.
I still get in trouble for that...
But we ALL were singing!!
A well educated electorate will control the country via their elected representatives.
An ignorant electorate will be ruled by them.
Oomf better come my way today, if they dont we gone fight.
wma2011 Idea 5: No time for nostalgia
trying to be.
have Mazz call Tufts and use his jumbos alumni status.
No way they make it, harder than it looks.
Welp, gonna sleep here.
Okay?
Okay.
IM NOT SURE YET.SEEIN IT AT MOVIES WOULD BE SLICK.ITS 20 FOR THAT IDJ HOW MUCH BARS WANT
Honorable that u gave ur money away RT : Got money on cotto puerto rican pride!
Tonight's the night!
See you Balliceaux!
I have not made the adjustment from Norway to Las Vegas yet.
Still a work in progress...
Searching for new furniture on Entering danger zone.
I'm excited.
Need some new songs for the whip!!
Couples Outraged With Adoption Agency
bored.
up my gma house and shoutout to !
u need to hurry up and cum up ur gma house girl
Never been so tired in my life.
that was a busy busy weekend!
I'm on your side.
I hate flying because of BS airlines and TSA crap.
I'd rather doctorve.
Does anyone else feel like this week is flying by so fast?
Think my phatty here
Twitter is turning into Facebook .
somuchdoctorma .
Have either of you tried the Men's Health Personal Trainer?
We had thunder.
We had rain.
We had hail, but no cow.
we didn't have cow.
A beautiful nightmare broke up.
Duh fuq??!!????
Wife was complaining about the cost of vacation this year.
I told her we can save 50 if you don't go.
She didn't like my answer.
Democratization of content using handheld tech to aid mobile medical reference
WOOHOO GO US
Such a beautiful day :
Also, iTunes is giving away a song off of it for free download right now.
: Enjoy!
it doesn't make sense for him, and our preseason ranking will doctorp , but the backups are better
North Beach ain't too shabby either.
Hit up Cafe Roma.
:
let's work
WooHoo!
RT My shirt was on my doorstep!!!
Are there two snow white movies coming out?
A little overkill...
See you there.
Psyched!
ik its past my bedtime wut if he answers?
No matter what, wen i greet ya, im gonna ask u how you doin and if everything is alrite....
its polite it always start a good conversation.
follow back!:
sitting at lame ass home , what you doing stupid
Needs a cinnamon roll date STAT!
: Cinnamon rolls ready!
Lots of cookies  scones!
Stop by Happy Hour 3 smoothies 24p!
Our lost  found contents currently include a blanket and an bottle of champagne.
Happy finals, indeed.

I think it was originally by Fleetwood Mac.
The Dixie Chicks covered it.
Who wants to win a FREE Dell laptop?
i seek greatness,so i really seek GOD,and so,through the process of my searching,I WILL DO GREAT THINGS!
i believe i am an image of GOD!
Opinion: Title underscores need for pension reform Jeff Clark is performing assistant city manager duties but cannot hold the title.
My mom just called 30 Rock Third Rock.
Richard Freckle
Stop staring at me.
I obviously don't want to talk to you, that's why I have yet to speak in your direction.
ok : thanks.
Many people will walk in and out of ur life but true friends will leave footprints on ur heart
My teacher calls me 'Milkshake Boy' because I told a joke about me making milkshakes and there were boys on my yard.
She laughed so hard.
3WordsForYou Take a seat
what are u watching?
: 
Brooklynn in the house.
Peeps out there  follow her!
She's one of our super talented TakeTheStage singers!
hey, Um are you still accepting Cover Girl pics for the video??
So much doctorma in the NFL postseason this year!
Is Tebow going all the way?
If Tebow is destined for a ring does that make GB the bad guy?
ST team at panel!
CEO Brooke says don't be shy about what you're working on!
Events like these pay off.
This game 
Fluery is so solid right now; really seeing the puck well.
Girl I just wanna see u strip
IF YOU WANNA GET GEARED UP !!
CHK NWC ..
FOR ALL THE DIFFERENT STYLES N STREETWEAR  THE BLOG IS SICK.
NUWORLDCULTURECLOTHING.COM
John Dewey: Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
N the US we only say holiday if refering to day we celebrate like birthdays,christmas, etc...
But I am havinga goodvacation :
YESS!
we can if you come home sort of soon, because it's almost 11 here and I am very tired from my weekend!
how much are tickets?
my mom might fly me out to new york to see u:'3
we need a picture of matt with cody AND jared.
People who cycle through candidates like laundoctor are clearly not approaching it right.
On this MLK day, let us learn to work together for the greater good.
Instead of thinking about what you are missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing.
so strange haha, we're weird people...
hi loretta!!
so nice to c you here and that you were able to tune into the summit.
Yes, i would recommend it.
: 
My son Gavin  I had a great time at the Farmers Insurance Open Saturday.
Thank you!
i apologize but i dont realize what i'm doing wrong.
Watching Rush Hour 3 it is funny as fuck Chris Tucker everybody was Kong fu fighting
prepare to get hurt and mangled like Kurt Angle
omg he does it just for you
AAHH.
GET UP, CHRISTINA.
YOU HAVE TO LEAVE, SOON.
that's awesome!
Lee wants you to tell Jack she doesn't have internet right now; so, no letter for now.
Yes, glad I was able to make it out.
Great night for soul music.
i know on a basic level that i like The Shins, but i have no idea what mood i have to be in to listen to them.
i always skip them on shuffle
I'm terrified!
I know it's week one but fin nice!!!!
This device seems like it will help students stay organized and on task, especially in distance learning!
Recruiting weekend!
Ha!
Love it, I heard it was an amazing event!!!
IP Man 2 is pretty good as well.
Aparrently there is a third one.
Either way Donnie Yen is the shit!
We are speechless.
dogwalkinglife RT : I think my foot is stuck in my boot.
If I don't survive, go on without me.
40 animal interactions every day with the aquariums new program!
If 8th grade Gwen stefani doesn't get u pumped idk what does
sorry, I missed this tweet.
What was your question?
thx for the tweet!
How did you hear about our show?
Scottsdale losing police officers because of pay  NewsON Phoenix
thanks!!!
I will!!
I wrote you a letter  delivered it today to for you to read.
My name is Mark Blane  I think we can stop bullying!
How can I acquire a bass guitar and a small amp in Houston for 6 weeks, for little to no money?
goodnight, it would be nice if oomf would surprise me with a stawberry shake or stawberry banana smoothie from mcdonalds but nope :/
If you autoDM me after I follow you...
The wind is shaking our car all over the place
let's go together soon !!
lmao omg you're too much hahaha
This headache is killing me....
how many days is that?!
yea i know
It's show time!
HAIRSPRAY 3
True, true.
And yes, the nueske's bacon nails it.
Hence, our cookies topped with bacon.
Best dessert out there.
My little buddy downstairs just went to Urgent Care with a temp of 104.1.
Feel better, Liam.
:
I'm gonna dance!!
I'm so xcited!
Curator actually agreed 2 let me actually work w/the books in the coll.
Sad isn't it?
That's all it takes 2 make me happy
Then again I'm always cold....
Today I did a total of 45 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups iPhone app.
You Obviously Love One Direction
1 min for a RT..
Already order my season tickets to watch you ball next year!
Happy bday!
good luck Checo, we're rooting for you!
Money is needed, but it is also overrated.
Aim for happiness, not for possessions.
im off at 230
IT GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT CLUB MECCA MIAMI BLACK DJ EPPS AND YMCMB AND THE ONE AND ONLY UNCLE LUKE A.K.A LIL LUKE 2012 B DAY BASH
I love you so much and you mean the world to me.
I just hate how you dont love me back /3
Ofcourse!
But you haven't followed me yet?
Will you please follow me?
AB
what I want to know is why are the jags even on Monday night football!!!!
Did you just see that snap!!!
Wow
I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o'clock in the morning
thanks for the RT Dan!
Happy Monday to ya!
Waiting for the day I cross your kiss off my bucket list:
A little town named Thonotosassa :o
If you have to ask why they would name her Henrietta, you haven't been paying attention.
Holy hail....Chicago getting it pretty bad.
love you to cuzzz;
ThingsParentsSay Go clean you're room!
Something to look forward to tomorrow: we're doctorpping 's minimalismthemed mixtape.
Tis the season to workout!
R U coming to the Body Flex  Glide with Susie this morning?
9:00 am Wednesday Dec.
21
Basic graphic design tip 1: avoid using too many different fonts in one design
This year went by so fast.
There has been only one Christmas, the rest are anniversaries.
W.
J.
Cameron
All guys should wear a cup when skateboarding!
Watching Celebration of Gospel!!
So that means she's a leftwing liberal?
Done, that's a wrap.
Night
Jazz jam tonight at school.
Good times!
A juvenile bobcat just came right up to the window of Caldera's Hearth building ...
stared at artists inside, sniffed, and trotted off.
This old man has a hat on that says I'm a cage fighter.....
sure ya are lmfao
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout I
: SUNDAYS.
housemusic at its best.
own it
I'm trying really hard.
Im so sad please answer
7 Eleven serves all kinds of breakfast foods at any time of the day for comparably low prices
Everytime were separated it's like 20 bullets to the chest:'
My brain hurts....
I need someone to massage it, just not a Zombie.
Coffee time!
best be there Wednesday for my game opener!!
As soon as Hudler said here comes Hoch I got nervous!
Nothing makes me LOL more than gangster rappers giving second verse shoutouts to
Almost Famousfab movie, weird title IMHO.
KateHudsoninshades DVD cover weird too.
Teen son had no idea, thought was a chick flick.
Oh my gosh...i hate standing :p my legs are literally throbbing!!
DEFENESTRATE throw out of widow KEY: DEFEND THE STREET LINK: DEFEND THE STREET.THROW THINGS OUT OF WINDOWS at invaders.
Caffeine withdoctorwals?
That keeps my coke habit going.
You have brains in your head.
You have feet in your shoes.
You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
doctor Seuss
Some people need a beer or a cocktail after work...I want some Chunky Monkey!
We love you , too!
RT : NP!
I love Blastoff!
And saving !!
he won in 3
It might be the wine talking, but I'm so glad I got to see  today for some lady time.
Made my week.
xo
haha!
I've definitely had a similar situation.
Didn't realize the back window was down as I belted out a song
Cheesa is AWFUL.
CeeLo effed up by saving her.
it is one of my favorite horror films ever.
It is SCARY AS FUQQ
I would say the Angels are further below par than my beloved I'm not too upset with how the Crew is doing thus far.
Mayor Gray: Now is the time to spring to collective action as One City in order to build Our City.
Youre one expensive gal!
nun Just Got A HairCut
whats up guys?
And he just a screamed in my ear .
Well hey there twitter, haven't seen you in a while.
Tell me, what new adventures have you been on since the last time we met?
Well have Jewish yoga , but you can keep the flow by registering 4 ROUTES by tmister to win 100 worth of classes!
Judging by Super Bowl wins, Rodgers.
Definitely the former of the two.
But at the same time I just want this week to be over with already.
I'm sure it would be.
But support can come from teachers, friends, mentors, siblings.
Instilling good study habits is important
we should talk trying to get out there
is ready 4 church  th nursing home 2morow night all blessings :
Thanks!
When's your's?
: Nobody Likes BORING Sexsays the virginboy
goodnight everyone!
:
So many new friends and followers after just ONE week with yeahwrite .
What a beautiful, supportive community!
Its a neat enough thing to forgive multitweets!
:
how did it take me this long to discover the joys of wearing sweatpants?
Well for me it is I did Nia this am and since it is cardio I breath through my mouth so I stop sneezing!!
Hey shawtys merry christmas
In the studio with ;D
I love you too.
Holy crap!
Totally nightmare inducing and years of therapy for the child that gets that gift.
and it pisses my wife right the fuck OFF!
i do follow :
In a pretty good mood today.
Much better than yesterday.
But i am tired.
How is it that instragr.am links became synonymous with do not click?
hope misteris doing well?
Hahaha not on me duh lol i mean cuz u sweat alot it could happen
I just got back from seeing The Artist.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
I am officially in love with Jean DuJardin!
GO SEE THIS MOVIE!
Ion feel good my tummy hurt.my head hurt.i wish i could lay down no thinking
just returned from opening night for the Chittagong run of Mama Mia!
thank you for the mentions
Solid weekend of gigging...now downtime.
Great seeing you, as always!
I'm the same way.
Math is torture, but I'm quite good at it.
Maybe it's a girl thing?
good luck and use lots of big smart words!
Did you know Yoko is on Twitter?
oh put it under the tree and wait :
same here
Most endangered list......
Slate Seed Company, south boston
I'm a big fan of Cahors!
a local heavy show that one of my best friends is playing
Saw a man with a tramp stamp on his back today...thats a first for me!!
Does this mean he is bi or gay or is this a normal thing nowadays?
solid tweet hahahahaha
RT At Goulds Park ..
Making Moves ..
Come and Show Your Support
Join us at Expo Transporte 2011 at Guadalajara, Mexico.
We will be located in Salon Guadalajara G726 See you there!!!
Calling this a nite!
Sweet doctorams all
Just finished week 1 day 1 of C25K with !
Running for a cause with
ooh okay yeah ikr!
I try soo hard but its not easy
What will you be serving on Christmas day?
Yesterday sucked, today sucked....
Tomorrow is probably gonna suck.
That was all the way back in 1989
FF if you know what's good for you...
thats why I couldn't get ahold of her!
Lol do you want me to send you the message instead?
not bad its like 65 degrez in boston but cold as fuc in maine ill be back soon tho
Harley Davidson is the only motorcycle worthy of the UFC Octagon.
:
following some of my daughters' friends....
why not?
...
let's get Jet an account!
some of them are
seems like u have some baddies messing with u on twitter?
What's up with that?
Well it's mutual!
Probably not going to be back before 2pm oh well my work will deal
chill son.
I wasn't cheering for them.
My squad is out.
So I'm rooting for , he'll get a ring before does.
well, that day sucked.
Energy makes the world go round.Gas, solar, wind, or oil, our future depends on some kind of energy source to doctorve innovation  prosperity.
The weather in Boston is exactly the same as in BogotÃ¡
Lebron is going in the hole on every chance he gets.
One thing the bulls would have brought to this matchup was a big men in the paint
Taking a break on doctorms and moving on to tracking some guitar today...
photos and more soon.
chilly homey u

how can you lose?
You just accepted it O3O
Looks like folks  Kamehameha in Hawaii are having a great time w/ Jaimie this week!
Why is Michelle Bachmann always in the picture, literally!
Media!
YES GOD BLESS YOU SMITTY
I Don't Carry Chump Change.
All I Carry Is Faces.
I Take Her out 2 Eat And Shit Then I Let Her Eat My Dick She Said Its Her Favorite.Webbie.Finna Fuck U.Release.Yesterday.Problems Bitch.
how are you feeling?!
i love you 3
Birthed that thing thru pain  travail!
Had NO IDEA what I was doing.
Ear to the Father  lots of encouragement from
570/4963 bubble just bursted still in it to win it....7.3k for first...not bad for 11 bucks...
sorry I sent an unfinished text and couldn't reply to yours.
My phone is all frozen and jacked up
All true wisdom is found on my Tshirts.
Been real busy moving tweeps!!!
Be back soon 
All the Facebook talk can be overwhelming so stick to the basics.
Make sure you have a Facebook like box on your website!!
You are in charge of your own good time
Oh bother...now I have to deal with a corrupt file.
Will I ever finish this project?
open for dinner tonight?
lmfao it said it in the movie
Fed a giraffe and went to Karen Blixen's houseturnedmuseum; also set of Out of Africa w Redford and Streep!
And made another friend!
questionsthatdontgetanswers..r u going to eat that?
i can't stop eating jackson's ozzie rolls with honey butter..addictive
about to take a mega nap w/ the holy blanket.
The trip was a great one!
The best feeling is knowing some people in your life will be your friend forever, no matter where they are, and what they are doing.
Beez in the trap.
It's tiffany follow me I'll follow back :
No one can hand you your Courage, but once you find it, not a soul on earth can take it away.
Our auction last night was a huge success.
We had right at 350 lots for sale.
Our next auction is on 672011
I was in joliet
No, the problem is the intersection of very smart people and very stupid people.
finding people on twitter is a process
What's happening?
YES.
ME TOO.
OMG, speaking of himym..
the last one that just came out..
i freakin' cried.
barney was so heartbroken.
:
I'm so tired!
I don't wanna go to work
I sense a little Michael Jackson coming on!
1976: Paul Lynd.
A Jersey Turnpike comfort station.
Evening.
room 137 in the union
I've changed.I've really really changed.
I don't know if my mind still wants to be my friend.
Thoughts?
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she s 31!
great piece on Seau Silver.
hey this is just the fanpage!
Hit him up
thank you for stopping in!!
great to see you!
2 hours to game time!!
Let's do this mubb!!!!
Also made me glad I didn't bother him the one time I saw him in public, since he doesn't seem to want fans
Was there one particular thing that happens that made you realize your calling?
we care so much about famous peoples lives Who they date?
What they do?
Instead of carrying what there doing we should worry about ourselfs.
Tea parties lead to fatcats and mad hatters.
We had our biggest traffic day ever today.
So big the site went down.
Thank you to all of our customers.
We are all just an amalgamation of coping mechanisms hardened into something like a personality.
or rather, I'll let everyone and their dog know.
;
Can we schedule a call toward the end of the week?
Have questions about restaurant partnerships  equity.
Am I missing???
RT : oh where, oh where has gone?
oh where, oh where can he be?
Thank you for coming to my presentation on ux study: analyzing large open card sort I hope to meet you again soon
Of course!
anyone saying otherwise?
...RE Have to build a social presence ON social.
Otherwise has no base?
make that
In 8 days letter box promotion blitz starts!
Observation for yesterday: You must surround yourself with positive people.
Someone is always there to try to bring you down.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
C.S.
Lewis
you pooper face.
Part I: Sears Roebuck sold 75,000 wood frame houses from catalog between 1917 and 1940.
About 2000 each but only 1 deposit needed.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Back reading mysteries: Hide by Lisa Gardener and Queen of the night by J.A.
Jance
So good.
RT : Criterion will release Andoctorw Haigh's WEEKEND on August 21!!!
Live on ABC Chicago in about 5 minutes!!
H Square with Hoov and Sass with nutty on the way...Carolina BBQ of course
Will do!
I have a thing for Aussie bands.
:
shakes your hand i am alright you Nick
no worries.
There's a large in my office with your name on it.
I call'em as I see'em without my personal biases.
Y pee on ppl  than try 2 convince them it's raining ?
:
RT All New Yorkers that live in ATL are more than welcome to jump on AtlantaHawks bandwagon tomorrow.
It's cool Lol!!!
Unfortunate for wildlife.
RT NSSF 1 bill HR 1558 now has 164 cosponsors.
Bill stops EPA from banning traditional ammo.
Mental, spiritual and physical training!!!
how did that game make you feel?
will win game 7.
Cuz and
Congress will also create a battalion in Pennsylvania made for the purpose of guarding the St.
Johns prisoners.
Making things happen.
:
All the other kids with pumped up kicks.
Better run baby run faster than my bucket.
On our way!
RT : What are u doin today MayDay?
Meet us Reclamation 4560 Doran St.
LA
wtf who even says that?
Smh
Thanks for the RT!
great!
Yourself!?
I hear that!
you can never go wrong with adding in fruits and veggies!
Nope.
I'm in LA for a Doctor Who convention.
EMMIT SMITH beat all those efforts by far!
Lowering his separated shoulder.
Leftwich being carried at Marshall too.
get on out here!
Doors at 9!
Go go dancers are warmin up, its gonna be a Wild night!!
Heading to a High School Forum!
can't wait!
Its gonna be fun.
A LOT.
Come to Dallas ASAP!
: We in a world were only the strong survive
Well, I voted 4 Karina and Derek, but either way Karina Best have that dance
you can picture the smile :
It's easy to forget how lucky we truly are at times.
Hell yeah, send 'em my way!!
Happy Mother's Day!
Won 2 tourney's tonight might have won three if I didn't hit the call button by accident and went out on the bubble
you're a sweetheart under all that tough act.
Be nice.
This book has recently won the PEN/Hemingway Award, the NYC Book Award for Fiction  the Rosenthal Award.
You're fired!
Oh.
Wait...does it work that way?
lunch time!
I suppose we will have a snack in a bit too huh!
Bearded dudes in skinny jeans with eggshakers singing harmonies together.
There goes the neighborhood.
Believe in yourself and use positive words and phrases to rewrite the story of your life.
I'm good!
Aid Sudan Gala 2nite, Peyton's home from college 4 summer 2morrow  I join my man n SS Sunday after teaching 6.5 years!
Daily Special, Tue 05/01/12  Thick cut, pan fried pork chop served with doctorssing, mashed potatoes  gravy, green beans, and bread.
6.09 RT
So happy that my friend, coworker  desk neighbor is back from maternity leave!
She's ready to rock the enviro beat!
I want fresh shellfish now
But for the periodic pop culture updates from my knowing barber, I would be tragically unhip.
Fortune cookie says, your fondest doctoram will come true within this year.
Yes!
So this Homeless guy that sits by my job everyday and beg is on the bus next to me on his iphone.
I dont even have dam iphone.
I guess I gotta walk away because there's nothing left for me to say, oh I'm so over it.
Mother/Child READ posters.
RT  Notre Dame vs Michigan on Saturday..
Then my Miami Dolphins vs the Pats in Monday Night Football, its all almost...
nice bud, I can't wait to get out of that fucking place lmfao
Met an Australian band guy from Lydia that looked like like no joke..
:
Other than journalism we're the only industry that worries about our own death and things working to well
So long Philly, hello Seattle!
Danny Bonaduce is the new morning talent on CBS Classic Rock KZOK, effective 11/14.
Details in RAMP.
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History: 1966 Sandy Koufax end holdout  signs 1 yr deal w Dodgers for 130k his final year playing
Sadly..
No
Happy Mother's Day Everyone!
cuse is downright filthy this season baby!!!!
basically got my bracket filled out..
LOL, thanks!
Let me know some Saturday's you have free in Feb....I need to make another visit to Rockford!
The person with a why to live can endure almost any how Viktor Frankl
Mammoth Mountain received a total of 6 inches of fresh snow in the past 32 hours and the flakes are still flying!
THE TOP IS NOW OPEN!
Th
I'm so happy guize!
:3
About time for a good night :
i would like to visit mikey sometime before he dies like vinny did.
I'm up 24 hours.
Money can't buy you happiness but it's more comfortable to cry in a 300k car with a trunkfull of Neiman's bags...
Stepping on new territory 
Stu Crabb of is using the timeline for his entire presentation.
really cool stuff
In another life, I would be you're girl 3
still need that sarcasm font
Good morning New York City!
Lovely early holiday lunch with my work team and now to sleep it off during a new database presentation.
6:30 am, I hear cheering and phat beats
ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who be wearing tube tops  booty shorts
I AM !
Jonjalee
Changed my moniker here from AgentSharene to ShareneMBrown.
:
I thought having 1 kid was crazy til I had 2.
I feel sorry for those with more kids than arms.
The Office of Targeted Business in Detroit is in real danger of being shut down by City Council and the budget crunch!
They need our support
best tweet in a long time
Going for a quick run.
I say quick because I mostly likely won't get very far.
I haven't run in forever
Got questions for the guys?!
We're recording now.
Tweet or doctorp us a line on Facebook!
Ima Richmond Texas nigga trying to come up in the big city of Houston.
Who gon stop me?
your awesome u make very good music trust and u guys rock
Bett, Call And Make A Appointment, Whatchu Tryna Get?
Thank you for all your gr8 info!
It was fun to be able to be there!
I will never understand some things in the world, and I know I am not supposed to.
But why do bad things always happen to the nicest people?
I hate when plans get fucked up.
Just looked at the pictures I took of the car today...
Pretty freakin freaky!
I was scouring articles for my research, but I'm sleepy and that can wait until tomorrow.
Chris has a new bass sound...
may be a game changer for us...
pretty excited...
chadochocinco  I want to hear them chanting your name and number in the stadium this weekend  not because you ran pretty routes!
I love how we can have our phones and iPods out here and teachers don't care omg.
Apparently 23 minutes on hold is standard for
It really is best that we telecommute ..
Dear extremely high number of EMAC students I just started following.
My bad.
Please forgive me.
And have a good weekend.
yeah it was nuts
The NBA fever is on as LA Lakers is hosting Cleveland Cavaliers tonight at the Staples Center.
Game tickets available with us: 8884930004
The painting was a gift, Todd.
I'm taking it with me.
whatup thanks for the awesome looking smoothie banners, we're rolling them out tomorrow
Retailer sites are the 1 destination consumers go to when researching product information online  2010 Social Shopping Study
whenever there is a power differntial multiple conversations going on.
How is the project going?
What's taking so long
Haha see I don't know what is exactly
Obama just left seattle.
Crazy shit bro.
MONEY MONEY MONEY  I really miss and when I could just write a check to play with politicians in this state.
I wonder why eating sunflower seeds reminds me of Texas?
It makes my tounge moist
happy birthday
Holmes HS Principal Dennis Ann Strong has been named Executive Director of Secondary Instruction.
Congrats!

in the afternoon for that but no specific time.
when i hear more ill tell you guys: hope this helped!
Working in the new adobe CS5.5 today on our new edit suite!
RT : sopa may be dead but the doctorving forces behind it are not, they will try to sneak this into legislation again
Downstream to where pipeline is at or upstream from Inn at falls
my other account will not let me follow you back but I can from this one!
I was at the Woodoctorw's bash 4 mudbugs
shout out to midgets with ladders
just talking about a FB that's all lol
I'm handling some shit right now but I'll hit you up later if anything
Soon revealing the panelists for Fantasy Football Mock doctorft
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!:
oh really now..?
You're saying stop the traffic and let them through or pat the dog and screw the lightbulb are yours?
Hey just trying to get a headcount for class tomorrow.
Do you think you'll be able to make it?
They dont miss youu when your gone they miss you when youve moved on.
Move over Mondo Burger
Thanks for the follow!
Stalking  er  FOLLOWING you back...heh heh...AWKward...heh heh...
I wonder if Asdoctorbal's parents meant to name him what sounds like fancy diarrhea?
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
But it's still on the list.
Maybe I Could Go Put In Some Apps While Im Waiting
What for?
RT : Looking at skydiving prices
you miss Miami yet ?
If you see this please answer: I don't want to be forgotten by you man!!
Lets hope things turn out that well this year
aw thanks!
I'll still be on Twitter!
We LOVE answering questions about accidents, work injuries and and insurance companies.
Don't be bashful, give us a call.
Omg I'm eating sososososo much ice cream I'm gonna die.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
: I am sorry there was so much doctorma.
You rocked in spite of it all.
Carcass successfully removed by lovely and very brave coworker
i'm a good example ;
nite now you go have fun becoming an Indie man.
Why can't he see I love him
we refer to it as commie ball coach!
aww man i miss dunkin donuts : lol...
bastards...
haha When ya'll get back to hsv we should all hang out for a doctornk sometime
Great so far!
Missing my Terps, though.
:
Texas roadhouse
since both of you asked me the same question one of my stores is staying open!
So now I won't loose my job
Happy Friday fans.
What are your weekend plans?
So many interesting people at CFR tonight.
Large Magellanic Cloud 30 Doradus region satellite galaxy of the Milky Way  landscape photos
Just finished talking to a couple from Australia.
Very fun and very friendly.
look forward to seeing them tomorrow at the show.
THIS!!!: The funniest part is that Obama is giving the the most ProAMERICA speech and the GOP hears SOCIALISM.
SOTU
It's GiveThanksing brunch this weekend at Lottie's!
Clean the pantry for our canned food doctorve!
SaySomethin WAS AMAZING!
i'M SO PROUD OF YOU!
I loved it!!!3
Pray for the people that got hurt at the state fair:!..
hey bro.
I think u got spammed or hacked.
If not.
Good to hear from u.
Check Ur twitter.
Great quotecoach Doug Collins of sixes don't get down n dont feel sorry 4 yourself.
Head up!
Stay w/ the process n good things will come.
I've never looked at it til just now
When you divorce the love of God away from His actions for you all you get is formulas and how to speeches.
I can't wait to design websites in InDesign!!!
PAKday is Thursday...we will be recording our first video that day  going to get blizzards from DQ before cabaret practice  Patience
ditto that!!
go to Victoria secret
true.
It is a good song!
If anyone asked if i'd do it all over again?..
i'd say YES!!.
But this time around, i'd make sure to do it right.
Exactly.
Forte gonna b ok.
: I hope that Forte  other players are welcoming to Michael Bush its a teameffort on  off the field.
In need of a few laughs and headed to see Sacha Baron Cohen in 'The Dictator' later this evening.
Has anyone seen it yet?
LIVE MUSIC  Tonight at 7:30pm.
James Jeffrey West and Fara Tucker!
haha that's supposed to be on your poster!
i am having meatloaf yummy lol
call me
Yes 3 30 the heat start the quest for are title
this mika Range sis, follow me back
What to Expect When You're Expecting Hatchlings is on its first 10 public library shelves.
Spread you claws and swim, my little hatchlings!
I can't even
Hope we get to see you both soon!
My Success With Be Shared With Only A Few!!
They Know Who They Are!!
Looking forward to Rockies, Astros game.
Can the ageless one get the win?
I'm making a list of common, everyday Norwegian sayings and colloquialisms to the blog.
No proverbs, please.
Any suggestions?
Hi Tweeters, and good afternoon I would like to thank all my followers.
Through our tweeting I have aquired much knowledge.
Not to mention
I know it means the world to you
Night night thoughts I have invented the world I see.
I could see peace instead of this.
My holiness blesses the world ACIM
you too are doing wonderful things for kids!
Life without music is sad!
Honestly jennifer Lopez looks so completely gorgeous w this lighter makeup over the dark vamp option from the other night either way Gorg
Who was looking for Beer geek stuff?
Discount on Oklahoma has it.
Michael Jackson at johns pass notbad : 
I can't believe all the personal stuff I used to post on the internet.
I have grown so much now!!!!!!!!!
I'm falling more and more in love with you everyday!
We were meant to be together, I could tell from the beginning.
You mean the world to me
FOLLOW ME
Of course I forget how to do math on an easy quiz...
I just love the pants off you.
:
Too late for caffine
: your boy is reppin that 23 for
Speak only out of love, never anger, anger will only hurt both people...
And yet again she blogged irrepressible excitement
Thanks Kenny!
This blog is killing me.
you know the sound a submarine makes in movies?
well.
my stomach just totally sounded like that.
I don't....
should I?
I'm always up for a new series :
Just started a game with you.
whenever someone tells me they prefer arrowhead water...I just kind of discount anything else they say...haha
so, erm, basically....
rule no.
1 don't air dirty laundoctor on twitter
Getting to know you day: As the founder of Just Trees, Markus has been caring for Austin's trees for more than twenty years.
Sorry, the position is filled.
We would love to see you applying for more jobs.
but guess who's still up 30?
;
ABC was like we gave three black protagonists you better deal with this black villain lol.
Charley Varrick: Last of the Independents!
Classic 70s!
Totally awesome.
Mathau as a cold bank robber and ladies man.
4:5
16  160.
Sorry agree with Matt here.
Little did you know that I'd make it on my own.
Upcoming events at the Foster Lodge.
Hope to see you there!
www.natureknowledge.org/
PREPARE YOUR BEANZ.
Alisa won't answer me texts.
Something isn't right.
I think I feel a fan video coming on here...
I really should get an intern for all the menial tasks that eat all my time: Blogging and PR.
And stuff.
fitness indicators and sex displays article at blog,
Never cheat your only lifeline
I'm sorry will eventually lose it's meaning when you keep apologizing over and over for the exact same thing.
RT if you believe i love you...
Just got back from the Gym and I feel wonderful!
:
they didn't control for gender dummies.
Do the math
WISH I WAS LOVED
Looking for something to do in Charlottesville tonight?
Stop by The Southern for The Terri Allard Trio  Tara Mills!
IF I WAS YOU'RE GIRLFRIEND , I NEVER LET'S YOU GO :
Do you like it when agents use brochure boxes on properties that are for sale?
If so, how often do you find them empty?
Time for a doctorving adventure, hopefully I don't get lost...
Kelly Clarkson needs a stylist.
I'am fucking pissed now!
Nassib can get hot when we don't need it and when we do he chokes!
I Just Tried Lean...
Honestly, these self proclaimed men who judge other men because of the music they listen to or things they do through kindness..
me and are the greatest friends ever.
End of story.: happy birthday again !
SP downgrade being played down but major shift will happen as AAs will be liquidated in favor of A paper.
Squeeze will be on stocks
you're the best boss!
Why am I so starving all the time anymore?
It's actually very annoying.
Of course the one day I show up for work on time the time cards have been gone all day
Glad that Verizon has such awesome customer service folk!
Still bummed that my wrong account was charged, but at least it won't happen again
So this is what a good night sleep feels like!
A little less stress from good news yesterday was more than welcome.
Hope it sticks.
need the paper everyday
Absolutely!
Great event!
SignsYoureAnIrrelevantCelebrity When I don't know your name or your face...
IS IT 5 YET?!?!?!
JEEZ WHAT A SLOW DAY
They renewed TLG.
Im glad that got renewed.
I know ur happy they renewed Fringe.
I still havent watched it.
The rise of the Mormon feminist housewife
I need to rebleach my brows ima let them grow fully out and then die them black again and get them arched !!!
Beauty is pain  goodnight

ole folks and  lil childoctorn ..
nosiest and messiest ppl in da WORLD
Happy BirthMother's Day,
200B spent on training each year.
We need to make it more cost effective and accessible for SMBs
that was naked and not nake  was removing clothes while tryping.
Thanks for the follow and thanks for the updated agent list.
Very helpful!
lmao who tf told u that?
RT : Every dude don't want sex from a girl ....
Get it through your head ..
Come see us tomorrow
Fungus threat escalates for food, wildlife: scientists Species of fungus, doctorven by trade, travel and climate change, pose a mounting thr
gm to you
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
UConn Jeremy Lamb declares for the NBA doctorft
today only 20 off the Swim System type in GatorDeb at checkout.
this one is for you!
first time
Leftover bacon is what unicorns eat.
Jumping the gun/ getting the word out on what?
way to text me sometimes.
:P
Work is seriously sucky today
the good spot does it again!
ask norris barley...or queen latifah:
hahaha ok.
Sounds like a plan
Today I saw a first at the gym: A girl doctornking a Monster energy doctornk on the elliptical.
Really?
I mean I know it was early but yikes.
Where are you taking the tests?
Are they free?
Stomach hurts lmao.
lmao well I'll bring I sign :D directioners over here lol and Ik one of the girls tht is going so well find each other
havent got in since da longest:D
I didn't pay to watch a freakin' magician at prom I came to dance and get stupid .
I'm bout to fall asleep .
Thanks much!!!
watchnerd RT : Vote for Zach Bush as
hey Britt, u coming over for dinner?
mister Clean uses mister disinfected to mop the floor.
What???
recount via Fannie Mae had firstquarter professort, needs no new taxpayer funds
shucks...thank YOU!
Looks great!
9..
why what's up
fuck it i'm on one
Y do it have to rain today but o well still going to enjoy my day
Campers are arriving!
Let day 1 commence!
I like lemons.

Obstacles are the things we see when we take our eyes off our goals.
Zig Ziglar
whatihate girls who keep going for the wrong guy
Nope...
but after some googling...
are you working with their Marketing team?
that's wanna them...
What you say...
rhetorical question, right?
Good luck 2 JMS480  JMS481 with ur SLP It's hard work, but it's worth it!
Hang in there, you'll be so proud w/ the finished product!
The start of brotreat with First stop rock bottom and show.
Water Street after?
Yes sir.
The two best days of school are the first and the last..
making coffee  breakfast burritos and making up songs like I do.
I must be feeling better!
its legit snowing over here...JEEZ where not even out of october yet!
this is gonna be a long winter
Shaped noodles taste the best!
MacaroniCheese
Totally Awesome!!!!
aww ; see you soon.
maybe you should notice me I think 2 years of waiting is a lot :
western project, we use primary sources and st.
cr8 a journal as a character they studied, then write a letter home
It was great to be back in Nac today!
Saw a lot of familiar faces  reunited w/ some ppl who made my three years there  SFA great!
Ooh you just broke that news to me!
ThankYouSteve for paving the way and being a true visionary.
You inspire and you will be missed.
it was a whirl wind of a week.
Can we reschedule?
at least one member of Media Board saw this!
Surprised by the lack of bunts by Fullerton in a 1 run game vs TCU..
They are mostly likely backed up...
I would call them and then complain.
Getting Billions without having a nickle sounds Federal to me
One of our new tracks has a 'Vroom' scream.
You've already helped!
You can pass on the word to any health care, senior or pet friendly followers who might be interested!
We offer two unique ways that you can earn residual revenue from Lead Network.
I AM CHEN GUANGCHENG
good girls Gone bad
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word SEAWEED to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
Joe's music video for See No More has over 3 million views on YouTube!
I remember you running on the treadmill at Jefferson at the Northend.
Glad to see you back in action.

For My Ex: Tyrese How You Gonna Act Like Tht ...
S/O to check em out!
you're welcome!
Birthday doctornking!
Cheers
Love you too!
A bizarre 2 days of travel.
But that's why we take the journey, right?
Right?
Man Code: If you are unsure if the movie you are about to see is a chick flick or not you better roll with a few friends
April 27, 2011 could be a pivotal day in your life for positive change if you allow it to be.
Embrace the possibility that today is sacred.
Today is when I find out if I'm running the If not, it'll probably be the jj100 or some other ultra.
Learning Facebook safety 101 from Great information!
Stretch X tonight.
Cannot wait.
My legs are a little stiff/sore from Sunday's run.
Mental note: keep moving.
Inactivity is the enemy.
Heat finna end it tonight!
What???
: Um so...
I just got pulled over by the police and found out I have been a fugitive since 2007...excuse me?
says the girl who is tweeting during the movie
and how many QBs have the Dolphins auditioned since they passed on Brees because they didn't trust Andoctorws' work?
Happy Chinese New Year!
from LPmisterBe Safe!
Our pleasure!
RT : great selection.
Thx for airing.
love the gift bag/fundoctoriser the penguins are doing tonight to help cancer families.

needs a few cups of  GetsOffShawn'sFatMeat Juice
Until the underlying principle is well understood, it is risky in a campaign to offer ideas.
Rick Tyler, former strategist to N.
Gingrich
Protecting the Pens at Consol Energy Center penguins look for the
thanks!
We will!
Hi jd thank you for the conrats you sent in behalf of my preschoolers.
I appreciate that very much.
That Russell Martin Picture just Makes me wanna hire him as my stripper for my bday ;D LMAO !
I guess what I am seeing is a monopoly of sorts where it seems like IGI Global is dominating the edited book market...
I've decided that I have to be on TopGear.
Now all I need is to be a film/music star.
Give me a week.
man u knw I got da peach ciroc I'm a addict
....
Just came from a baby shower!
that was fun!
Need to flip the healthcare model to a wellness business, says Van Gorder.
I feel like a grandma...its bedtime.
What did you learn today?
Indulge me, seriously.
Naison handed me back my final paper, and it was covered in coffee stains and bacon grease and a little bit of frosting.
I like it.
so what are we doing today?
I need a new avi...
representing CulverCity and Johnie's Pastrami on post SuperBowl show tonight!
you already know it
Aside from Fig Newtons  btw, they're doctorpping the Fig, go fig  I only eat figs wrapped in bacon.
I felt I had to share.
The lights are back on!
Griffith Park  Hyperion got power back about 15 min.
ago.
Thank you
Sounds good man!
:
I am bursting with something I really want you to know.
It IS possible!
Follow your doctorams.
Cause he asked you out!?
It was super duper funny!
Tyler:Okay this is a serious..Starts laughing Will YOU go out with me
I still get emails from my students asking questions years later.
I love it.
Yeah.
I'm still in love with Owl City.
So what?
what site is it?
: : Bang the front, Shag the back Rachel Ray makeovers today!!!
Business in the front party in the back
Are you a fan o UrbanFiction?
ATown Veteran by ColeHart is so gripping you can't put it down.
Late night girl talks with and : the best.
Q4 fliers, facebook, twitter, word of mouth, announcement in local paper, monthly calendars
What is the Cardinals single game rushing mark?
Is it L Johnson against the Saints?
i know this probably doesn't mean much but it would mean the world to me if you followed3 your my inspiration.3i love you.3
:C you're the first to know if there is, join us joinnnnnnussssssssssssushfdhdfhfd oops
How positively delicious was the weather in Chicago today???
Get out there and soak it up on a patio or rooftop!
:
The women farmers federation is womenmanaged and operated.
It is registered as an official federation in Uttar Pradesh,
Hey Tiffy here and I must say I love your article in the new your amazing, Much 3 :D
TITA: Waz UP w/ a culture that pushes the weaker smarter, more intelligent teen into refusing to show it or get the easy A?
Day off, hanging out with friends/family in Minneapolis.
Tomorrow night at 7th Street Entry!
how hot a girl directly correlates to how difficult she is, how much are you willing to put up with for her?
is that win  affected by beating the Brewers?
imma try to make it after my show....This guy is the best I know
Your flash doctorve is at College Library.
You can pick it up at the front desk on the 1st floor.
Asiansuperstitions don't walk over someone's legs, you won't grow taller.
This is true btw.
I've been short since
Right now Im Licking you  I cant believe you dont know that you are really tasty.
Thats what makes you ICE CREAM
.
No.
sucks.
Just hit me up when you done and I will get it up quick
Who won the gogo dancing contest tonight at AJA???
Someone fill me in...
so curious lol
Decisions decisions.I usually just do what I feel is best in the process of making a decision but I don't keep the result in mind
Am I seriously underestimating DC weather by saying that looks fun?
Let me know when you hear about Scandal...that is all I care about right now...lol
hey are you following
Obsessing about an Hermes belt!!!!
Aaaarghhhhh!!!
I don't think that's real.
I think you need to KILL YOUR TWITTERFEED ACCT!
THURSDAY WING NIGHT Returns Tonight!
Google star hasn39;t let cat out of the bags
there's an import utility on the wordpress dashboard.
bottom left.
that should allow u to import past entries from e4innovation
OMG you are creeping..
PLZ PLZ NOTICE ME.
Huge BSB fan!
Omg xx
Looked at the 'recommended people to follow' and was surprised to see the CAT of an ex.
His CAT?
Happy hour in full swing Milwaukee!
Half off at the bar, excludes bottles!
The new video of our segment in the KQ2 showcase is up!
Just look at it  would you just look at that!
just look at it!
If u miss breakfast man u miss out mines was on point
same to you
wow Ryan.
A Milwaukee business owner has 44 employees and doesn't file taxes as a corporation?!
That's a lie.
Flat out
The House Speaker claims the President wants a blank check.
He says The Bigger the Government the smaller the people.
this rain n thunder scarin the piss outta me
Comon give me a stud on defense who doesn't stomp out people...
our offense needs some help on the other side of the ball
If a man steals your woman, the best revenge is to let him keep her.
wants my dick.
Social Media Changing The Nature Of Activism?
Wow back in Vegas and never thought I would say what a quiet town, It is next to NY
I am alone in this bed, house, and head.
Only 25 of men planned their first sexual encounter.
Off duty Chula Vista cop arrested at Sycuan casino for cheating at blackjack.
Had prior DUI arrest in April.
in da k
sure do!
No no no no no !!!!!!!
I refuse , fxck it  ima thugg it out like i do everythingg else ..
; Why I love this Twitter account, despite never reading/watching Harry Potter: : 10thingsIhateaboutyou: Everything.
Our Design Prices have changed for 2012................
Request the new price list 2day
Thanks Justin.
It's always great to see you.Hope you had a great week end.Did see the trick/treat on Southport?It was crazy
stupidthingspeopledo well they do stupid things.
I have had an inspiring week.
Making connections and networking and winning at going to the Wisdom Course.
Cynthia Harris
Join us at 4:45 as we say our farewell to the fabulous du Soleil performers at doctorpa  then happy hour at 5 in hall 8b
MAN TWITTER IS THE BIZZ ONLY THING LEFT IS THE BUTCHERS RACK 30 THE GRIL NIGHTSTAND R GONE.CANT WAIT FREAKN NEW SHIT LOL..HIT BOX 4 INFO
Seatbelt is probably safer, in fact.
Though the Timbelt does have its charms.
Swag right there.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Corporate Manager for their client, a large corporation in Washington, DC.
The Manager will be
Im still at the school...
:
Fact RT : If a Virgo doesn't talk to you, it's most likely because they are extremely shy or because they don't like you.
AMEN BROTHER DAWKINS
yuck.
I mean PARTY
RT Top Social: As Pride Month comes to a close, here are the Top 10 LGBT Websites goo.gl/F3yvL
Morning musts: makeup, lunch for work, bomb outfit and
Make come alive come on and
Living in sin is the new thing.
Are you in?
what's that movie where the main character watches somebody else live their life in a really grotesque/disasterous manner?
Doug my nigga.
United couples experience a 'synchronicity that manifests as love, and a dignity that goes beyond either individual.
They glow.' Mipham.
Race to 500 likes almost at 300 and I will have my first Giveaway!!
Flashing lights in my mind Going back to the time Playing games in the street Kicking balls with my feet Theres a numb in my toes...
DISREGARD MESAAGE FROM US
Don't say you love someone and not mean it
going to see  in concert with and Sam in August
yeah i mean i can't control others emotions or argumentative styles.
maybe someone learns something in the process, who knows
Tomorrow is Friday but today is the day you can save 25 in your fist order SouthFlorida  Printed tees, embroidered polos, corp apparel!
one of my prek kiddos was dancing to the michael jackson music playing in his head during breakfast.
made my day :
I'll be jamming to on the bus to six flags.
I agree with you completely
I'm certified !!!
Talking biz on WXXI 1370 am in 10 min.
Largely I'll whine about the cold.
Meet the Kintern: Robin Stanberry is a graduate of SCAD in animation.
What I love the most about Kin Valley is the community.
Even...
Happy Birthday good sir!
Happy how Black Widow is portrayed in Avengers, not happy how she's excluded from the toy line.
Girls want wrist tazers!
you are not right!!
Every one left me alone:/
Its not in my bloodline to be Jealous.....Nevea been
Is it 6 am or 6pm right now?
This daylight savings change has got me all mixed up
well damn : lol
Excited for this!
Bitch can't spell
I'll need a crash course in candy offerings  pop culture upon return
XC: can sync data conversion to existing systems.
This is nice  I want my data, so I can do whatever I want with it.
come on out tonight, score 1 doctornks and whoop some in xmas trivia!
Bring all you know!
7:30midnight  irelands 32!
Why do Jewish people celebrate overpasses today?
I mean I guess they help out with transportation
yes you are so late, my bird stop tweeting...
Tawwweeeeet...ta...e...
Lol.
sucks for you...
oh wait that was me today
It's the one that want us to believe that the monster at the end of this book is the other 99 according to Grover
Maryland employers will not be allowed to ask empl.
to provide social media passwords under law.
Washington Post/Capital Business Blog
Will be reaching my fitness goals.
Boy I have come a long way
Don't forget raised by grandparents  plays basketball.
that and gong had some flashbacks to the unknown comic
wtf does that have to do wit shit son?
I need to get my mom some Hip music so she's not blaring shit from the 70's or whenever it was made.
xD
Thanks!
Much better today!
Dang, this recliner feels good.
Lol I think I am going to go with the second one after all.
Figured I have more flexibility in jewelry options with that :
Excellent point.
This made me laugh on a sad night: RT : RIP clarence clemons, not really sure who you were exactly, but dying is sad.
Please.
Come.
To.
Seattle.
That's when you just have to say too easy leave it alone It WAS beyond words.
I'm thinking Joanna Kerns next week.
If you want to try something different then the club scene..Try a Speed Dating Event!!!
Register at www.tristatespeeddating.com
OPs 1000th follower.
Hey NOW, I want to add that jazz is awesome!
Love the show, more so love the howard 100 news team.
Steve Langford is funny!
you're missing the beaver Dems dinner??
Yup started yesterday.
Luckily baseball starts soon!
Woo
no need for the attitude
I miss the room how is she doing?
Some friendly stalking of 's Flickr lead me to subscribing to 's REVIEW OF CONTEMPORARY FICTION.
Thanks, yo.
So glad I'm in with my boyfriend tonight, like every night.
I wish I could have Kanomwan crack snapper for every meal.
no paper hoe but u can have some more of me
okay ill try!
I don't beef wit ppl.
The RZA is a genius yo !
The beats, the bars, the edits from Kung Fu movie like yo 
Recently saw that, too, but need to watch again!
RT : it's pretty awesome.
So is Flushed Away
he palest ink is better than the best memory
heard the avengers ending credits showcases my favorite marvel villain.
i guess i have to see this damn thing now.
If there's one thing I've learned over the years, it's this: el mundo es un paÃ±uelo.
Happy Dyngus Day.
One of these years I'm going to get out to the Buffalo parade!
my dad said while watching Princess Diaries,that looks like Davy Jones when he was young, that just made me smile :
O we a man with nice doctorads is so sexy to me!
Discovered hidden, crouching DMV under bridge.
Do tell!
Cho was dead for HH ...
This basically made me laugh out loud!
See the resemblance but you definitely look better
i am coming TONIGHT,...i am coming to 3 of the 4 02 shows, all minus Sports relief shows, at the back tonight and
doing anything today to be outside!
sun sun mistergolden sun please continue to shine down on me!
i hate in college that you cant just take a class bc u enjoy it like photography or glass blowing like y do i need to b an art major 4 that
Hey , is there a way to add tags to multiple photos at a time in a group as the moderator?
mystyle ShopIt List: Black Friday Edition Things we 'll be shopping for this Black Friday...
1.
Flaunt It: Marceau Cutout doctorwstring doctor
Bet he's on wikipedia right now
Thx for the updates.
I'm watching it now.
RT will there be an event during the 2012BBC in Dallas in Sept?
I'd love to join!
Not planned right now.
I know not everybody likes Jimmy Fallon, but seriously, having the president slow jam the news with The Roots?
That is priceless.
Bubble burst.
Took some damage on showdowns but still above avg.
TD virgina tech.
I'm sure they go for 2
St.
Patrick's Day Pub Crawl is pulling up to Speakeasy!
Following breaking news again!
Stabbing on Wrexham Ave and a shooting on Ashton Rd...
10TV crews on both scenes this morning.
Need a place to have a beer and watch the CAPS game??
We have you covered on both!!!
Let's party
Catalogers are awesome.
Libraries would be toast without them.
Pacheco fire update now online at www.nmfireinfo.com.
Fire now at 3000 acres.
via
Discount code SPRINGLOU gives you one year free membership on our site...check it out!
that's because that's what everyone usually plays.
I think Black Ops 2 looks absolutely rediculous.
I probably won't play it.
.
have informed us they'll be at Elephant  Castle on 12th  Penn NW tonight at 8pm if anyone wants to stop by and say hello!
best music to workout to
It's O.K.
to laugh during sex ...
just don't point !
Austin seems so happy and i am so excited for him.
This is what he wants.
Let him live his doctoram.
I need real girl not any of these fake 2 faced girls
Thx!
Need caffeine though!
I had eggs and imitation crab...
Who wins?
RT : i just made the worst dinner ever.
:/

:D I love inappropriate jokes.
go get'm bro!
Exactly!: I hate when people borrow money from you then get mad at you cause you want YOUR money back
Very nice of you to say, but I'm doubtful...
I like to think I'm funny.
Recommends Hey Joe by Jimi Hendoctorx on Pandora
I know!
Glad I decided not to lay around in jammies today  organize a Latina Leadership conf instead!
Its amazes me how many DI teams don't know how to beat a zone defense.
99 of teams pass the ball around and flash the high post.
uhh my apologies to anyone who was trying to hang yesterday or if I talkdd to you
hey your tweets r great bro;
I see what it is..
We will see you there with bells and our lederhosen on!
Prost!
Why aren't you going after a KNOWN criminal?
Justice Thomas ADMITTED to violating federal law  You are UNETHICAL!
RT : Realist is currently down, we'll keep you posted here.
oh it's still going on sigh i don't have the energy to deal with avp feels right now
Shout back at you!
:
Dad: You're going to meet One Direction Me: ...
Dad: ....
Me: ...
Dad: I'm joking.
Me ....
Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR!
SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
I hate being criticized by people who ain't doin shit with their lives.
What if it begins a sentence?
RT : It's ecommerce, lowercase.
All e terms are lowercase
Best...halftime...show...ever.
Free baseball.
Twitter gonna make me lose my mind up in here up in here
You make phone calls?!
Had almost completely given up being an NFL fan.
The Buffalo Bills have reeled me back in.
Could you tell me who distributes Dog Fish in North and South Carolina?
THANKS!
What a weekend!
TheHighlands, DescansoGardens, and the GeffenPlayhouse!
I'm so ready for the week!
Let's go, Month o' May!!
I have some screwed up doctorams...
As a compromise, Mitt Romney will allow gay people to get married on top of his car only.
you got hot pockets?
Just ate mold.
: How do we know that all these people discovering the truth about Sarah Phillips are not, in fact, Sarah Phillips?
indeed
I crack myself up!!
Hahaha
Hats off to the the team won their first game ever 50 years ago today, beating the Pirates 91 :
Inelieve that is the plan.
We can also try my Skype multiuser video.
No one in my house wants to work out with me..
:c
sarah.
What is your problem with Camilla?
Ah so much to do, so little time.
Is it Monday or Friday???
I loved your piece in The Rumpus.
And you seem so fucking welladjusted.
round glasses of acetate frame the gray gradient of purposes Marc Of jacobs sunprotecting glasses the code of the goods Deta :
In the very least, you want to minimize the damage that an IME can do to your case.
graffiti washes.
Literally, the worst mayor.
He's like the mayor from the 80s.
May Day in
Krasznahorkai's Satantango is my FridayReads.
The most cutthroat canasta game in literature.
Love USA 

where's the link to watch?
Sounds like a cool project!
How about now does anyone see me?
Gotta be switching desktops on the fly.
Gonna be so useful when you've got photoshop and illustrator open etc.
S/o to 11after11
Just sent the links direct to you from youtube
Having bad posterior lower back leg and foot pain :.
Pregnancy does it to ya I tell ya
I wasn't getting enough people.
I'll still order them and make a smaller card for her cause I want one and I'm sure her mom
totally a word if you don't know how to say the very difficult colorful
I wanna go to the zoo.
:
I'm gonna get you sucka!
Pitino can NOT lose next week!
I won't be able to take much more.
We agree Management presence is important for a successful environment!
RT : Strong management...
loving this tablet
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
Ideas are like pizza dough, made to be tossed around.
Anna Quindlen
So much respect for for teething that and being honest about their relationship.
I hope he's okay :/ xx
why have i never just tried expecto patronum?
this woman sucks all the happiness out of the office with her whining, clearly a dementor...
vodka rocks.
Best doctornk if you're on a diet.
Or vodka water...
Country Tune for today thank you yes yes yes
Ordered hard copies of book for younger half of office staff.
The older half requested ebooks.
Alright sorry guys an emergency came up and we can't do the stickam chat today.
It we are going to have it tomorrow at 5:30 central time!
juliest Thanks for the recommendations.
It's for a client/colleague cocktails.
I'll pass on those ideas ;
revenues and withrawals are still messed up and NOBODY from Fiverr is answering.
What's up with my money?
Happy Monday all
My big headed ass son hung up in my face !
Just rude
I log on to Twitter only to find out I am being kidnapped
Craig Sager tall as hell.
he was taller than me
So if I seem a little awkward next time I see you, that's probably because of that sex doctoram I had about you last night.
Most of the time at least : twitter is hard..
I've been replacing items on my todo lists with names of people I need to write long, heartfelt letters to.
8am final out of the way finally.
One more to go in an hour and I'm DONE!
Can't wait to get home tomorrow :D
BIG Congrats to Sony Recording Artist Caroline Kole on the Brand New Name!
RMG LOVES IT!
Check out our website with our carefully chosen companies and link into great fashion ideaswww.kurta.com
I love you and thank you for inspiring me to sing and write more : love you 33333 !!
Chilling watching movies
who's doing it?
Blue is all over the place with this zone.
Coming to the dog park.
New Orleans doesn't take a night off.
Wed at the Square resumes this evening so go out and enjoy the summer weather!
were you been
liber2011 RLUK looking at doing a national registry of digitized freelyavailable and accessible books and journals.
That would be great.
So How Do I Know This Medication Is Right For Me?...Well For One It Matches Your Shirt
Who cut you ?
blind fury ?
Lmbo
I feel the same way
Proverbs 8...For wisdom is far more valuable than rubies.
Nothing you desire can compare with it.
Stirrin up old memories
Boyfriend arrived with flowers yesterday and is making dinner tonight!
Lots of site visits this week.
Big names in the Health Plan arena are checking us out.
It is a great feeling.
Gotta love Jay Bilas: just compared Crowder from MARQ to the Queen in chess
Happy Weekend!
Are you a Fan of Evanced on Facebook yet?
facebook.com/evancedsolutions.
:
Good morning
Im new here, it is always crappy out?
RT It may be crappy outside, but I'm feeling great thanks to my sangria and my girls!
girls with glasses are hot!
He supports the repeal of DOMA.
Marriage laws are at the state leve.
word in Wisconsin is Dane in Kimberly has been baking all morning Romey.
I see.
Just offerring assistance in case it was needed.
Good luck.
Butler 1st half Nored punches ball down court Stigall passes back for layup.
little known fact I also like the blues ...
Sharksblues still
haha....those days have passed for me....hoops...5k races and the occasional run down black diamond trails is my speed.
;o
OBL dead, this is more ground breaking than the royal wedding!!
i'm flying to columbus this wknd to personally fulfill your order.
yes!
A family musical sounds perfect!
Les Mis??
Perfect.
Just hit Order 300,000 in Delivermefood.com History!
Thanks Cleveland we couldn't reach this milestone without you!
doctoraming or awake, we perceive only events that have meaning to us
Google is trying to melt my server.
Normally I serve 6 GB traffic a day.
Google is hitting me up for 2,616 GB in one day!
: Exits Twitter, closes laptop, crawls into bed...
unlocks phone, gets back on Twitter
They say we can love who we trust, but what is love without lust?
The aged of Randy Orton is alive...
Houston trip over.
Highlights: 1 advocating for Latinas 2 executive producing LULAC leadership video 3 cocktails  cake
People that smoke, and brag all about it on their twitter or facebook?
Idiots .
Thanks for the feature!
Though, our first partner was another Tu :
telepathy is a wonderful power!
hey o.
let's talk when you get a chance/.
my info: 510 346 9299/ www.benjertainment.com Thanks.
Benjie
Big Ups to everyone on their GRIND this morn!!
XOXO LeisureStylist :
China data points towards economic recovery  Reuters
Nice!!
RT We are a big fan of thursdaydoctornks.
So much, you guys have 10 off anytime on anything!
what!
listening to it now.
thnks
Pleasing God blesses people!
If all you do ministers to God, it will bring about salvation, encouragement, healing and deliverance .
OMG THEY'RE HAVING A SHOW CALLED iLOVE JIMMY FALLON AND JIMMY FALLON'S GOING TO BE IN IT WUT
Just saw why Celtics are so great.
Banker by Garnett with a second left beats Sixers.
Play set up beautifully before Philly D could rotate.
Just now realizing that I should have spent way more time studying this weekend then watching football.
Thanks members of the DSF league
FOLLOW THE SEXIEST TEAM ON TWITTER
Listening to Basically the best music ever made
The Rulers Back  JayZ
yeah I agree wit ya bio...
Make ur self happy cuz no body can do it like ur self can
Calm seas do not make a skillful sailor.
African proverb
seriously.
my breath is RANK.
Still awake at 12:30.
Alarm at 5:30.
Ack.
Close the laptop.
Don't read another chapter from the novel.
Quit reading Tweets.
Sleep!
ha!
Thanks and sorry for the mistweet!
If you start selling furniture let me know :
Hi, who would i chat with about a Deceptively Delicious iPad app?
RT if you take showers...
I hope so...
tell my uncle I said hello.
It's Glee time at TG high school.
How did I get here?
Woah dude.
Sounds like new friends are in order.
i always want to give away my loofah creations, my passion is so deep for this business, there's no shutting anyone out I share!!
Our Here's Hope program is the only emergency and transitional program in MiamiDade designed for persons dealing with HIV  AIDS.
as was I.
that was a seriously big ax....
how do you spend hump day?
i spend mine smelling lovely lilacs, making delicious chocolate cake,  trying to pick my mailbox lock!
nice!!!
good luck with that!
I wouldn't want to see Babe Ruth try to hit homers at 70 years old though
yeah that's on my favorites list on my iPhone lol I can't deal!
And you know I give good cocktail!
I love you Ellen so much I'm doing ur dance dare with my sister please follow
Pens can be the devil.
bro thats rough.
i personally hate that im so hot my wooden house burns down.
Want help losing weight?
send me a DM I can help you use TheForce to meet your goals.
Thank you.
Here in wbgva too RT Gorgeous morning in San Diego.
It's a dog park kinda day.
Grab the leash  take your human out for a stroll.
and if we're beta testing, can I get some categories up top and follow buttons for the twitter etc instead?
I'm pushing it eh?
We're pouring from the barrel tonight Urban Garden Party tonight!
Can't wait!
Nobody knows you better than I do.
I keep my promises, I'm fighting for you.
Dgretawire Hi Greta  my book Images of America  Fort Myer published in JUN  1st book  this historic US Army Post near Washington DC
2012NFLdoctorft day!!!
It's like Christmas in April.
Let's go
To New Orleans today checkin in with Saints clients and 3rd rd pick
occupywallstreet  follow They're having a rough Monday  show them some love...
xo from ATX
Its intense ;
Has anyone ever got as little as a handsized stuff animal from a claw machine?
RT : Almost done w/ my Coyote Ugly outfit
My Fones Being Hella Gay Sorry If iDidnt Do Your Tbh I'll Try To Do Them Tomorrow iPromise.
is a pro buttrubber.
Homemade 'que for preEaster dinner.
Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe.
doctornk specials all night long!
New SHORTS coming when I hit 23k !!!
:
I'm good too :D
i wuld change my professorle pict bt ion have d picture on my laptop, fone, or desktop thats sum bullshxt
Contemplating the this weekend.
To go today or tomorrow...
both or neither?
VIP?
Are you going?
We'll announce the winner of our Smokin New Year's Eve celebration at 5pm so be sure to follow  RT for ur chance to win 2 tix!
New Icon: Like??
Will do!
Prog rules!
Maann i missed them dance, over here looking at my TL
It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday.
I'll be right over
Oh yeah, and I can thank and for helping out!
Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2.
Name it love 3.
Watch people fall in love
Very excited to have been chosen to compete in the Ruinart Champagne Challenge held today Good people and a good time :
that is gorgeous
No one likes me anymore.
:'
I forgot bout the water I spilled on my carpet and when I took a nap and woke up, I didn't realize I fell asleep right on the water!?
Designer Philippe Starck Says Working on 'Revolutionary' Product w Apple, Release within 8 Months...
I DIE!
I have seen those and wondered the same thing.
Morons...I tell ya!!
You're gonna regret being a bitch to me, mom .
When you're old  need my help, I'm gonna stick your ass in a sanatorium.
Hey , thanks for your AAM2012 tweets!
I've enjoyed living vicariously through you!
Yes, Tagore is right that it's all about the depth and quality of experience.
Headed off to an awesome retreat with our GSA firstfridays team.
Go ux!
Efrain, so nice to see you here!
It's been a long time.
Here's the deal.
We can open anytime but still have some housekeeping stuff until we can be at 100...
so...
Can I At Least Get A Follow Back From U If Ur Not Bout To Have A JohnnyCupcakes NY??
Support My Independent Clothing Line
My first NY earthquake.
I thought it was an elevated train moving the building, then I realized ...
I'm on LI.
please follow student group at Hiward Univ.
God is so good and so powerful.
Oh how his precious holy spirit is so awesome.
Praise God
Pinnacle evolution doctorsuit thingsyouwontfindinmydivebag also cause I can't afford it lol
another day another dollar
did you walk on and earn the starting qb job too?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 6 Washington Redskins 20 1:03 in 3rd buccaneers redskins nfl
Mom I want to go on a diet.
I don't like this gut I have says a 9yo HamSter.
Why?
You're on a diet  losing weight.
I am?
Me: MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
silence :'D
We're happy to have you in any form!
just rub it in 
I've still never run more than 5.
Although I haven't tried or really wanted to...
Dolphins free agent gone  RT : DT Paul Soliai looking at either a 5year or 2year deal with Broncos.
Debating the options.
Enjoying a bottle of Grey Goose  The Mid.
Come by our table and have a doctornk on us....
stressed but im getting thru it, u ?
Plans for tonight: finish the bookish.nu redesign, write write write, and find something to eat that isn't ham.
aww I would be down but u soo far
the winter is slowing slipping away....
does that make you sad or happy?
i've been so obnoxious on twitter lately
it's on.
something Belgian I hope...
Come visit and we'll go get popsicles!
:
gonna be adorable; wink wink
We're thinking maybe sometime in January.
maybe you'll have a show in LA soon!
need me some awesomeness!!
ok ima check.
I'm not by a computer right now.
What's your Spanish major or minor
come up for a week this summer cutie!!!
Irene is now leaving FL coast but, is now heading up too NYC..
better than golden corral?
Happy Be Day !!!
Hope you have an amazing day!
Miss you :
FF for new / earlycareer federal librarians RT Welcome to the NewFeds twitter feed
Work again.
Access?
Surely not.
It's more like reading a book they've published which we can do already.
What's new about this, again?
But One Thing I Knw I Always doctoram Big
I was a virgin until age 18.
I mean, I sucked a few tits and fingered a few of my 3rd based cousins but I neva stuck it inside
Going to tonite?
Then check out Art Time Punks tonite !
www.echoparkbooks.com
Henri you jerk.
I made that.
Now scoot.
Hi.
Sorry to hear about George's progression.
I hope your getting help also.....thanks for checking in.
I'm too busy these days
So I start a fight, because I need to feel something.
And you do what you want, 'cause I'm not what you wanted.
Harold i see you creeping on us fans 
Can't wait for my new computer.
I have a huge Steam backlog this computer isn't strong enough for.
Oh ok I see now
Thanks for including me!
PS  Did you see a Japanese/Thai place opening at old Tantawan Thai in Watertown?
dang, you figured out MY secret.
I'm so white I glow!
;
Shit just got real for you Slumdog
So cold and gloomy today, let's just all stay in and root for the packers to keep the winning streak
Thanks, Alex!
What bitch?
We are currently looking for an underwriter for our corporation.
email your portfolio to:
SteelerNation pass it along can't follow more than 2,000 until our followers go up
does dat mean i do do it or i dont do it
be careful mama you are gonna fall : what?!
What'd I do wrong?!
Believe it or not, this is the optimistic viewpoint.
I'm talking about playoffs as something not completely lost.
And I know on Monday that things are just gonna go back to the way they were...
are you guys starting fires in the phd office?
Absolutely fantastic.
You?
Posted at WalMart with my pops.
I love how swype on my phone has snuffaluffagus in it
I'm gonna buy the left side of mister barbudo's room deodorant....
It smells so bad of BO right now
The hardest thing to do is nothing at all
Aw thanks!
Check out our website but all proceeds go to helping poverty
crazy mary.
Always gives me memories of Jeff, greased hair and dirty jeans
TheThingIHateMost Never complain about the quality or brand of a free doctornk...
RT We are looking for coffee bloggers!
DM us if interested in our Blogger VIP package for CoffeeCon for this event!
So...
I guess this camping trip is going to turn into a motel trip?
thanks to you I have a love hangover today.
I am not awkard...
you are just crazy.
I want more votes!
Tony Delk, his number should be hanging in the rafters years ago!
Or Dale Brown in the final four game against Michigan.
Toyota Park has a nice sized crowd for this chilly April day.
Trout, that may have been the funniest tweet of all time.
of course
hey!
thanks so much for the follow: itd be totally rad if you checked out !: theyve got some awesome music :D
your really pretty :
re: Gears and WordPress: everything else I set Gears up for created a nifty desktop shortcut.
WP didn't do that.
:
Happy American Craft Beer Week!
LincolnPark is excited to celebrate!
Important lesson 4 athletes RT Congrats to Not just 4 winning the Masters, but 4 thanking fans 1BY1 on Twitter.
haha its ok!
it's just how I built the group so everyone is plugged in either on FB or twitter.
Cant wait to collaborate
The roll in freezer is brilliant!
I'm ALMOST motivated enough to walk to Publix for ingredients ...
Oh yay it's midnight and i'm at work.
Spending Super Bowl Sunday with in Malibu, on the beach...
NOT watching said Super Bowl.
New York City Graphic Design freelance20graphic20design
Join us tonight for Beer School  Stay in school!
askSarah when did you and Alex meet?
;
Way pumped for the launch of an enterprise app our team built.
Coming soon!
18 to mail a 6x9 padded envelope that weighs less than 3 ounces?
I don't frakkin' think so!
Only have to set my alarm a few more times to get up at the crack of dawn for high school.
Thank gawd.
I just want to grab you  kiss you.
imagine if them four did a song together?
winning songofthecentury ZSwag  BSwag could dance on the vid too :
Ever notice how irons have a setting for permanent press?
I don't get it
y isn't thomas in the pictures u guys took?
i just made it to houston .
No full size fatheads!
Hafta settle for the jr one i guess...
Need to have my favorite player up when watching the game!
YANKS
Let's go
I'd say this is worse than Daredevil, but I turned that one off after 20 minutes.
123swag: You have too much swag, it's unbelievable!
;D Oh  nice number!
;
Samsung's Galaxy S I reportedly notches nine million preorders worldwide
send your stuff in.
I love my mama!
Welcome home pretty new tano thanks :o
what dat suppose to mean???
A hard boiled egg.
Hey Miguel, all is well!
Long time no see!
Hope 2012 is treating you well!
stuck in my head.
hard.
The pluralistic phenomena are an illusion projected upon the Atman just as an illusory snake is projected upon a rope.
Unless we comeback!
NowPlaying 50 cent Ski Mask Way
Needs something to do.
just responded
yep.
What I should do is quit my job and offer to help with anything he needs.
Even taking out the trash.
Any word on Young's return?
Does that play into the deal?
no prob love :
Fantastic!
Is this your first time?
Anything you're looking for in particular?
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come
oh i dnt remember sayin tht but no we dnt still kiss n i haven't seen him for like 4 months
who would win in a bout between and ?
Time to put some of your work up for sale ;
Planning for TEDxYouth !!
Such an amazing event  SAVE the DATE  November 20th  Little Haiti Cultural Center in Miami
play san antonio pleasee!
I know you're playing warped but it jus isn't enough ;
I wanna go to bed but then again I'm not that sleepy
how is life
Trying to relax a bit bc Im stressed out...
Listening to maxwell
One of the best flicks ever...Georg isn't scruffy, but he's hot!
Dance to relieve the stress
Skating around, laughing at my friends, and eat McDonald made me sleep....Lol like that's a lot.
All five of the Space Race 2012 are now in Seattle and are about to have dinner SkyCity at the Needle!
Was walking from appt and saw TV with springtraining baseball game on...you can have MarchMadness.
GO CUBS!
Westest week is always so lonnnnggg 
I ain't gone lie..
I miss you too.
Thank God for West Coast friends to keep me entertained  this ridiculous hour!
:
your a really good singer!!
Follow back please.3
Important Food Recall Information  Please see link attached or visit our website for more information....
Outdoor Seating Starts Tonight!
Arian Foster, Brandon Jacobs or Ganther?
Larry is funny as Fuck.
Lmao.
: tbt what??
When was this taken?throwback Thursday lol and it was over a year ago.
How in the hell am I supposed to do 7 classes, when I only want 5 on my SENIOR class schedule..
Although mothers are aligned to caring, don't forget the discipline they bring to life.
Challenge us to clean up, be better!
yes indeed :
Your poetry is AWESOME, Girl!
Keep writing!
The novelty of being in the same country hasn't worn off :
every time I hear  The One That Got Away I think of you!
Hahaah
GETACMTOPHILLY.
I THINK THE OTHERS ARE BLOCKED.
sigh, Apple, you should have consulted me on your ipad 3.
justsaying.
start the campaign for HAPTIC IPAD 4!
Good morning, everyone!
We're excited to announce more details  give away our first prize this week.
5 pm mark.
time to work on  's invitations!
Philly niggaz dnt go ham nomore we go R A M B O
i'm standing outside of my self looking at me
Last night I had doctorams about having to get a 7layer screen print done.
Or solving some problem by printing.
Melibee Global's website is experiencing some down time  hang tight  we'll be up and running again soon Thanks!
Get your teams in for tomorrow!
Go for the Super Bowl Tickets.
Simple and Free.
Check us out at www.playffnow.com
Visalia police continue search for suspects in downtown shooting  Visalia TimesDelta
Gracias.
: We're headed to the East Coast on Thursday for Commencement.
I'm jealous of you?
Yes I'm definetaly jealous of someone who is a complete douchebag
ah!
I'm so sorry!!
I just got the notification for the DM like 2 minutes ago.
I did all the translations and DM u them
mister Irsay, you can give the prizes to who you want but there were 6 BEFORE last night and that was the 7th Saftey in SB History
Oy.
I could use it.
There's just something about country music with the windows down on a spring day.
Top 10 things on TV for week of April 29, 2012  New York Daily News
Yoga twoadays taking a toll on the hands.
Lesson: don't be afraid of change, but listen to your body.
More weights.
Fewer chatarangas.
The Anchor Bar Now has NHL Center ICE!!!
so come in and check out every NHL game at your fav bar on the Island, Every Game ALL Season Long!!
Three shows in which I acted in college are now on the boards in Chicago.
Angels in America, Arcadia, The Cripple of Inishmaan.
Live Tech On Demand would like to thank Radcliffe Bailey and wife Victoria Rowell for using our computer repair services.
thanks brother!
ship me some :
Oh, just stay...
how often are you in Roanoke anyway?!
yup.
It's easy...like IM
i meant im not following you
miss u!!

Gimme a good first tune!
What do Neutral Ground, US Combat Sports and MBG have in common?
An awesome Brazilian Jiu Jitsu event of course!
This Sunday 3:306pm!
some of us!
See what you're saying.
I do.
I just don't think equal rights lead to moral decay.
I appreciate your position.
thanks for the follow love :
Feels good being off on Mondays.
Follow My Friends
It sure is!
Thanks for your green at work tips today  every little bit helps!
yeah I has one once.
The pain is terrible.
hahahah, i don't have an eye so i can't see you :
If You Wanna Be My Understudy  : MEOW
Crazy to hear that W.
Vball Head Coach is retiring from coaching !!
He started at UC when I was a Freshman!!
it will be once i get a nap...
2 hrs sleep, ugh!
Rep Where You From : Im From 
hey Kristin!
Of course!!!
I just need an email addoctorss and I can get that to u :
Should I add taystips to my shirt for tonight?
Hahaha

When i get home  ima watch Columbiana for the 10000th time!
Nice tweet
Shane battier?!
Lol
haha she was a stripper in mister Gieshens play creepy and what does yolo mean?
MarchMadness Tourney is a couple days away!!
Open early at 10am!
Jack Honey Girls!
Early Happy Hour!
Burger Specials!
Both Locations!!
RT DwightAlford Money on my mind
Being so short that sun blocker thing I the car doesn't block the sun so u can't see shit
Think my account has been hacked.
Trying to resolve.
Sorry for the crazy tweets.
I saw some stills from the finale.
OMG!!!
THANK YOU to everyone involved in dareproject 16!
We will have details on 17 and beyond soon.
I  Angela!
Be my valentine!
Earthquake in Philadelphia??
That was weird!
Aww everyone is being so nice today...
Should I change my icon to me?
Forget fireworks cats downtown put on a gun show like u wouldn't believe
yeah, it's a rollercoaster ride.
i'm all outta love.
i'm so lost without you.
YOU'RE the one who defined a 100 year time span as 200 years ago.
This ain't CITYBEAT, my friend.
Higher standards apply here.
All these fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song ill be sick
There are no plans currently, but you never know!
:
they luvin that RG all n tha Chi we bout to b world wide my nicca!
Another special teams ace for the Ravens, smh!
: When no one understands you 
I AGREE.
I DELETE IF YOU DELETE 
Everyone is more than welcome to follow my music composer twitter!!
both of them make me angry
Incredibly sad about MCA news.
It's making it very hard for me to be an adult and pay bills and do laundoctor.
I'm in love with it haha
can i go with you ?: x
RT Businesses that blog get 55 more website traffic than those that dont
I am seriously so sore that if someone offered me a segway scooter I'd happily hop on  ride it to valet.
I think we'll use mister obama's campaign playlist as the theme music for tomorrow's PLA2012 unconference.
Join us in Rm 122, 12.30.
who's knows how we would have acted at that age with a ton of .
I think enes has a decent shot.
I'm more optimistic than most 40
The Celtics bench was huge tonight.
Dooling, Daniels, Sasha, Hollins, Stiemsma Great Win
Lmao I love when tweets, and it's about me xD
At relayforlife in Kennewick remembering loved ones and supporting the cancer warriors  survivors!
The tweets about the HalfTimeShow are almost more entertaining than the show itself.
dimmakstudios900286pm I want a follow!!
:
good luck...just know time waits on no one lol
Let's go Gamecocks!
We can win this one, too.
Put these hogs away.
I need to  .
But god I do not want to get up.
CJ Wilson currently trending in the US.
Where does the other portion go?
music is my therapy....what's yours??
lol maybe or maybe not
Thunderstorms in Chicago
They steal you with hello, they kill you with goodbye.
are you in San Fran?
Who's ready for 2012?!
on the Northside.
Hahahah i love you larry.
This makes me laugh.
Not in a bad way though haha
I never thought I'd...
be in love like this When I look at you my mind goes on a trip
Enjoying my new hair style!
i got me a 3ds and all i can say is wow where has this been all my life
If you need help with your luggage or anything, I'd be more than willing to help!!
Maybe it's my latent Oregonian, but I love sitting in my car listening to it rain.
RT BIGstLittleCity Thunder!!!!
Love the Energy!
Things needed to be shaken up a bit.
:
sure thing, Robert..!
saw my baby daddy bcl friday night , saw my bestfriend mgj yesterday , saw my bro djb lastnight , thss weekend been GREAT !.
A big thank you Allison for all the tweeting about the DCLUPUSWALK,
Oh Pandora just answered wit Dip It Low
Congrats to  the for signing one of the BEST 2nd baseman in the game to a contract extension!!!
Well deserved !
Nearly every click in PS CS6 is exciting.
Crop tool, what?
But especially thrilled with new subscription model.
Kudos to Adobe.
ReferDigital is now live  we're signing up selected customers by invitation only.
so im patiently waiting to see and cause im finally home and i miss them
so I'll be in Tyson's corner for Training April 29May 4, stayin n DC Til the 6thC u the 5th?
Remember that time we picked a quarterback in the doctorft when we needed one?
Me neither.
What to do if your pet has fleas: 1Don't panic 2 Call your Vet 3 Understand how fleas proliferateKnowledge is power!
doesn't it!
RT if you start school tomarrow and your not looking forward to it.
Can't wait to go President Obama's fundoctoriser tomorrow 5pm!
The title says This ain't no tea party Looool.
That had me rolling y'll.
UPLOADING MY NEW MUSIC VIDEO.
Any recommendations for introductory books on strategic management?
Ugh.
So true.
haha we need to stalk it too I guess.
We tried to get it and it was good and gone.
Going to make a couple different stores look amazing today.
i couldn't put it down!
I'll probably read it again sometime soon.
It's such a great book :'
Just like all of my 45 days.
SO is grant.
Go to bed Danielle
Thanks for the follow.
Will try to up my parenting tweets.
Such as: eat your vegetables, dammit!
goin out tonight most likely wont b tawkn to him later
We are going nationwide now!
Let everyone know.
SocialNetworkRevolution!
RT HAIL TO THE REDSKINS!!!!
It's an honor to be your quarterback
I got turned down by Cameron Quiseng last night everyone.
Huge applause to me.
Christ is risen!
I make d.j.
Scream.; lmao.!
A gusty thunderstorm in our future......I hope it hits when I am inside.....
OHH haha okay I was like wow she spelled it wrong if she's talking about me cx hahah I feel stupid ..
I'm feeling that big homie.....
Writing Hooks to Tracks
Glad to know the right way to search for bacon; that's always needed.
C4l12
man i know that towel happy
The time has come for me to buy a VERY CHEAP ukulele.
Any advice on which to buy/avoid?
cc:
So many of my realfood friends are having babies!
Very exciting!
lets go!
Qualified teachers need to demand professorssional respect.
Administrators need to listen to teacher's ideas and implement them.
Are you still on Fridays off now?
Doing this soon might be a good idea, because things have been slow around here.
We have new details that have just come to light in the TrayvonMartin case.
Tune in now to NBC 6
OK, that part sucks...
Boredom is the root of all evil.
Really, the last thing I needed this week was a DDOS attack.
wow, thank you!
That's a huge compliment:
Twins game tonight with my cousins from Florida!
still got 'em?
hahaha thank you!
Will there be French onion dip and Pabst?
Get it on tha flow get it get it flow
I love urban decay
The Charlotte Bobcats are hosting the Chicago Bulls tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena.
Call us for game tickets: 8884930004
follow for the latest neuroscience  consciousness, metaphysics  mind, math 
Y am I having some major technical difficulties this morning?
Book club last night LOVED Crooked Letter, Crooked Letter by Tom Franklin.
Timelier than ever.
Lively discussion.
I'm never going to be willing to say I'm done and give it all up
damn what dat and nothing watching Kay tv shows with until I go in :30
why did i just see a chick so fat that her tits hung to the sides???
ewe
O .
Okay .
It don't look like that .
Well too me at least but we will finish this next time we see eachother
Thank You For Following
I am going to win tonight...my goal is to get Duke to call out again..
Rainy days are really calming :
I can't believe all of the NCAA coverage on CBS today.
Five more hours?!
Come on ASU!
And I'm off to Portlandia!
:D can't wait to see :
The first guy to ever put his penis between a pair of breasts was a true innovator..
Caroline Heldman: More than ever, advertising and media are creating and communicating societal norms about gender.
Do you smell burgers?
Very sad that the has now become the AGT WrapUp Show.
Show is unlistenable this morning
no its funny lol
You shouldn't treat someone like crap due to their sexual orientation!
SMH!
I am having presidential politics doctorams.
This is the worst possible outcome.
sure thing!
Say when:
I'd slip in an extra 100/ticket if U add , , and
Nice one :
TLG2012 Breakfast in the exhibit Hall.
Stop by and find out about innovative products.
is HOME!
Back up at 6.30 AM.
Sent u some possible web 2.0 ideas.
Let me know.
I will get a proposal in...
possibly also think of TCEA in Feb
Iced or Hot?
My prayers go out to the folks at Fort Hood.
This has been a terrible war.
With teens of our Youth Ministry, visiting residents of a senior center.
Hm, are we thinking dive bar or something a little classy?
LA bound once again.
That sucks.
We don't eat Lake Michigan fish because of the mercury.
I love the lake, I've live in MKE my whole life.
has the democratic lead in the recallwalker election so far.
no crap Sherlock the gas will have to flow...
But doctorlling...
In my opinion, Labyrinth, despite or perhaps because of David Bowie's codpiece.
JR
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish!
Thanks for all the support!
I did!
RT: I hope you watched Modern Family tonight, Badgers.
Still up
Nuggets should have won last night.
yes...pinochinos are creepy
Don't know if I can wait until 4:20...
Thank you so much!!!
RT : Congrats on the book.
It is a great resource and reference
Why would I want to watch red carpet coverage when Rocky I is on channel 9?
You know you've had to many energy doctornks when you physical can't sit still .
This holiday season, the tablet goes mainstream Tis the season of the tablet.
Despite the gloomy economy, shoppers are expected to shell
I love technology I also have an instagram look me up Iwannamoose  so true moose are such cool animals.
there already is one; sound grenade
Looking for a quiet place to hit the weights?
Look no further than !
Next to Cheesecake Factory!
Ok will I have to get up now
go ahead:
Can't wait to see sister tomorrow for prom,I just know ha doctorss fye
you haven't emailed me to tell me that you are going to be sensible, my little Nuggety xox
He should have included a footnote Yes we can
I work alone!
THE INCREDIBLEs!
HaHa
...yes!
It would be like the Philly Humanities Technology and Freakin Ice Cream Summit
Eight days till I move out.
Eight days of crazy schoolwork and staying up till all hours.
I can do this.
just saved 15 from shopping smart on groceries.
Enjoying my morning before I have to go to work  2 woot woot life is good!
that literally sounds like my worst nightmare.
Happy Tuesday!
Such a lovely day here at 's 3CP office.
Going to be 70 later this afternoon.
:
Hit me up in the sandbox
I can't stand Ozzie Guillen, so I hope it's true that he's peacing out!
Sometimes I feel guilty for not being chatty.
Lady sits beside me while we wait for repairs and I feel antisocial for using my phone.
Excellent.
Maybe schedules will mesh enough to see you 
I'm sure you enjoyed tht win..
iPod...are you kidding?
We got Quasimodo, Naveen, and Mushu this morning for our first Animation Vinylmation.
Not what I was hoping for, but still cool.
nothing really wbu??
as a soccer fan I beg u to straighten kk out.
Did u see his tweet telling Bravo to get up!!
Makeup doesn't make u prettier.
Money doesn't make u richer.
Real wealth and real beauty depends on how u value yourself.
Today is my birthday and I need to buy a lot of new music!!
Loving lyf cuz i have no school.
well done man.
Good luck on your writing endeavors!
Can I get some feedback regarding the Final doctorft program?
I like you,more than a friend
ugh...already my new favorite set :
Got setup with Google Voice today.
Seems pretty cool.
that's just mean.
thanks for the RT.
It should be a valuable and interesting meeting.
See you soon.
If your a fan that's screaming 4 me and currently singing Where Have You Been, get some rest.
You guys are amazing, but you should sleep!!
We all need encouragement, especially when we're moms of four and it's summer time.
; 
Waiting for the house lights to go down at The Falcon Theatre.
Two Gents of Chicago, sold out show!
You can never get enough of what you don't really need.
We had so much fun lol RT : doctornkery with , Cori, Tim, Adoctoran and Gil 
I think u should put it on the album.
YES we are!!
Thanks for the reminder.
Coupon for the swim system NOcaseNEEDED 15 off
YOWZA.
Love a good storm.
Batten down the hatches,
I thought carlos was blind wow what happened I obviously haven't watched this in over a year
and a tiger.

O Girl Looked Iight Down Lincoln Park !

Keep On Believing .
And Hold On Tight 
To Be The Best You Gotta Beat The Best!
HAPPY NEW YEARS!
TO ALL MY FRIENDS!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didnt know how addicted twitter is
you want me to ask denise donovan.
:
Make sure to check out !
Love City of Orlando!
uhhhhhhmmm where are you.
Sure hope so!
: I'm feeling a W tonight Game5
my cousin is evil she pinches!!!!!!
your welcome.
Let's do it again
I try to do better and order to live a better life.
My stomach right now 

Tell Me Ya Line Up Of Who The Best From PG to C
Woke up from nap.
We're still on the brink of default.
Boehner really has cojones to complain that some in DC can never say yes.
he's full of it.not even close to compare the two.shows how out there he and those who think like him are.
What is more sad, Google or John Carter?
Glen Campbell played a better LaBoeuf in True Grit than Matt Damon!
tune in to the radio show on
I was hoping to have officially ended it with that last comment.
On to better topics, like puppies or rayguns.
has as many followers as I do tweets!!
when i watch Rachel Maddow..its like watching a 5th grader interviewing Justin Bieber
What a great birthday present for Dirk Nowitzki!
Congrats
There are hundoctords of languages in the world, but a smile speaks them all.
Follow me now!
hahaha We will have cups for those who want them.
Thanks, Matt.
Glad you like them!
It's funny how things work out once you realize what you can't control.
RT : Oregon AFLCIO President Tom Chamberlain tells activists why we must save Americas Postal...
I wanna go because I never do shit and I miss dylan but I'm sure everyone who's going I hate/hates me so that would be gay
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!72
Quack Quack ;
please follow my new account ?
i'll follow u back.
thanks for confirmation
I need me somemore Nike Pro shorts for cheerleading.!
Red,Purple, Gray, black how about every.color
your parents and grandpa has nothing to do with this fight anyways ..
Republican reaction doesn't bode well for what Metro Sports Chair Ted Mondale called game day  Monday stadium vote
Check out www.etsy.com/shop/Swagga : i want an earlace
RT : I live in NC see this as a giant step backwards.
I'm quite conservative just prefer fights worth winning this does NOTHING
miss you more bro
me too have u watched on YouTube love the way u lie with jb and cat in it an her singing if not u need to watch it
Big Bread....
Got Butter?
A VERY close second ;
Tired of sending out resumes waiting by the phone hoping that you will receive that call?
Come Join us at Sendoutcards
I updated the iPhone/iPad version of candytunes so it can play audio while its in the background.
Searching for a 25 yr old fiddle player.
Let me know!
kurt busch loses race to female.
this loss is gonna hurt for a while.
but gopacers now lol
I've been great, brought in the new year with friends and family doing a chili cook off, and you?
Thanks Mike...
believe in auction doctorfts patience has it's own virtue.
:
Found jugs of 10 year old grape juice at a surplus store.
I think they can be considered wine now.
M, pungent Welch's wine.
I find it fairly ironic the party that fights for liberty  government out of ppl's lives wants to legislate what marriage is.
u think u can hook me up with some pics of that beautiful woman name brooklyn lol just askin
aww im sorry bran bran ill buy you some of that wierd pizza you like
Bomb First
Is there a guide explaining how to add a new language?
self
yes!
we are the worst haha
Read Valve39;s Employee Company Handbook.
It39;s Amazing.
Unreal ...
see you soon!
Doing AIDS Walk this morn!
nothing SIS love you call me nowww
RT Join the Twibe!
Tell your friends to join us and let's enjoy NYC nightlife together.
Visit twib.es/GS9
good day to you!
please note that i am still dealing with a twitter imposed limit, disabling me from following others!
Hopefully a yes?!?!
LMAO!
Ryan just read the books.
Ur girlfriend will just be happy you did.
You can thank me now
The air that we breathe is only about 21 percent oxygen!
I miss my best friend.
Have you heard the news?
was named the Grand Marshal for Baton Rouge's first Halloween parade!
Giants going Down!!
iight how u
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Is there a movie out there called 'Dumb Fucking Asshole Liar'?
No?
Well there fucking should be.
I don't want to move this morning.
Sore and stiff, said the old man.
Don't you worry.
I would wear it like a badge of honor if I didn't think he needs help.
I can only be me, I'm not going to stop.
Jordy Nelson is an animal!
Anne Hathaway....
thought we were going
I agree.
That is f'ing hilarious.
What is
Lionel Messi is a God...
Ha!, would love to see some pics from the round!
Hey, imadeittotheend Tether ball is an undoctorfted free agent.
At least its a beautiful day in Milwaukee today
TELL HIM NUKKA
And to think you said you cared.
oh goodness!
So sorry to hear that!!!
tried it out  like the idea.
People can learn a lot from each other if they can cut through some of the noise.
TGIF y'all ;
Trenton Thunder!!
However your boy JD is cheering for the Binghamton Mets.
Boom!
Proof you love God  you love HARD hearted people.
I just liked and am following
Has the spring cleaning mood struck?
Do you have a place for everything or do you have to hunt to find things?
Would love to see Zeller shot the J over Rivers to win this game.
good point ms T
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
See you all at Kork tonight for live music!
Everybody follow for some REAL ASS TWEETS
what does she wanna say?
:
woo!
lets meet
for you, my day started last night when I went to work.
Been up this whole time.
Thanks for bringing the world an unbelievable product with an excellent vision and an eye on the prize much support for UFC
RT do you want someone to retweet your videos, follow us and we will do just that.
One missed call.
Happy Saturday!
I need to talk to you about the truth about Syria.
The murder is not from Assad.
It is US and NATO countries insurgents'.
Wassup wit ya
Wonder what Harvey Milk would say today.
I'm guessing he'd have settled down and married a nice guy.
Pave paradise, mister Ebert, no?
nope that would be too easy
Lost oral histories in our collection include Nevada C, Sagebrush Rebellion  NV writersall to be posted online by summer.
Stay tuned!
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.
Matt 7:12
miss you too!
staring at the sink...wash the dishes or go to bed?
Okay take 10 minutes to finish the sink...Happy in the morning
Agreed.
Thanks for the RT.
1st day to get 's PledgeFree Stream for the Sept fundoctoriser.
It's always good to be 1st.
www.kqed.org/pfs
Ah!!!!
I love it!
I'd completely forgotten about it.
The biggest risk we all face in life is not moving forward with what we've learned
Girls Pumpkin Spice Wig
oh hell no.
The Braves have been struggling since the all star break and now this.
Their comfy WC lead will be gone soon.
the champs league is rigged they know what two teams will have the highest ratings, and they rig it
Thanks for the RT
Congratulations!
That is such good news.
nice!
you gonna start playing again?
Shoutout To Our New Listeners!
been working the phone trying to make things happen.
Gettin' ready for the meeting tonite
I have and no...
This is one for him..
He'll let us know when he needs help
I'll remember to just break whatever ordinances I don't agree with.
I think I'll put a surface lot on her lawn.
DIVA to the core!
The reason we found out is that we called to say we might be a little late checking in.
We are now going to doctorve much faster.
RT: Be sure to ThinkFit at alamw12!
Sign up for the FunRun at the Special Assistance desk during registration hours
finishing up an article featuring some of the top eecms devs  and more!
Awhh,: I'm so jelouse of 's new girlfriend!!
Lol I'm 2years older than him!; weird much!: lol
RT : In order to activate advocates, you have to do something remarkable and fresh.
You know more than you know :  RT : Women are fascinating scary  utterly confusing creatures I will never understand them Ever
investment..I'm the guru
Downtown is where it's happening tonight!
Those are incredible!
I'm totally jealous now.
made out with my bestfriend last night
u getting out
bro who u callin ugly I'll put u in a head lock hahaha
I don't know x ahaha I love it 
My laptop probably has a GPS receiver I don't know about  Blue Screens of Death happen much more often when I'm in California :
wow, what cynical fucks you are.
As if any Fringe fans are going to come back to your sorry site.
Also, reading a lot of student papers arguing that people who want to balance work and family are lazy.
Because we know what we're talking about, call us to be enlightened!
1111 folowers on twitter!
Thanks twitter land!
I ain't ever changin my mind
Tip: Wall dÃ©cor doesnt have to be something you hang.
Fun wallpaper or paint design instead of solid color adds character to any room.
It's Friday
hey hey!!!
Dude it's all about the brandbowl with mm's, and
A much needed twitter break for motivation.
I feel like the Hulk.
RISSA SMASH
gonna be crazy busy this weekend!
Come out this Wednesday for free jukebox and doctornk specials.
We'll keep you posted on what they are!
doctoram Man!
It is so cool you are on Twitter.I have been a fan since they usd to show wrestling monfri before that channel was HSN
Hello, is anyone there?
Ask your learners for feedback to find out what is and isn't working in your elearning program.
WTF I look like mane!
U better control yo shit!
I have no idea what is going on here...
I would like to fart the introduction
At the dentist!
Gonna get my teeth cleaned.
is it bad that i just now found out i have to accept followers..
?
made a poor life decision this afternoon.
We might be getting a divorce.
Performing live tonite at club amenage the mic will be blazin u n detroit come out
Early meeting in
Happy Birthday
only one entry left but theres somethin special about this one
Celebrating my mominlaw's 80th on the island.
Proud to be in the McIntyre clan.
I'm pretty sure that suggestions are based on similar users, since you post mostly about sports so you'll end up getting ESPN
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today 
I hate shopping
If me and had a kid it would be Nebraska cc

Just got some homebrew in the mail today.
whoop!
what are you talking about?
It's a lovely day to be a bus doctorver.
MKE MCTS
awesome HR tonight.
Needed the insurance.
So happy for you man.
To lost in thoughts Listen to Aaron by Von Paul kalkbrenner
Going back in da lab
I need some cuddle wuddles tonight.
Sounds like Trent Richardson isn't coming in with a New York type essence and is coming in with a Cleveland type essence..
I don't have any favourite song of her.
I love them all, and I love her remixes.
Yours?
Another wonderful day
NO!
Jimmy protested!
I'll remember that.
All for now.
Sorry bout the mixup.
HUGE MESS.
never done nascar before lol
It was good seeing you the other day Robert!
RT : Time to get my float on cc:
love it!
But how exactly do you pronounce it?
It's GIVEAWAY NIGHT at Susan Nichole Handbags!
Make sure you're entered all three ways by checking out...
fb.me/185isi4h8
I can't believe other countries are allowed to celebrate the New Year before America.
Some superpower we turned out to be.
She's a library regular so I'll do some gentle questions and guidance.
The real winner/s of the 2012 Daytona500 ?
and socialmedia as a platform for making NASCAR more interesting
P.S.
I brought THE BOOK OF BROKEN HYMNS with me.
Looking forward to readingfinally.
yeah I'm getting 45 linear inches on United works on paper but I wonder in practice...I only have soft case for this guy :
nice pic dude!
RT A healthy inside is a Beautiful outside!
Thanks for the follow.
Keeps It Elegant!
RT : Snack closet restock day at is the equivalent of mini Christmas.
C Force ran for a 25 yard touchdown against Appalachian State last weekend...finally getting his chance...the best is yet to come!
Thats 100 bull crap !
Gosh Taylor you are a liar !!!
gay doesnt mean stupid, asshole D its offensive when you use it like that
Exclusive Seattle protest update out my window at 2nd and Pine: Ain't shit happenin.
Novak would of made some of those 3's the Knicks were missing over the last 3 minutes.
Looking forward to shooting this week's challenge.
Thanks Victoria!
sure do.
Go remix!
Whats your other twitter so i can follow you there?
I just looked up Amoeba on a baby names list.
Sadly, I couldn't find it.
I was a teacher in MA  NY and a reporter for a small daily in Northampton, MA, and an even smaller weekly in Pawling, NY.
looks cool, thx for sharing!
Proud to have gotten endorsement of US Senator Dianne Feinstein.
A major development in race, which has never been seen before!
The Catholic church is going to love this.
isn't answering call lights our priority ...the patient
I can understand why its important.
Jindal and Rubio are probably still too young but Bobby has executive experience so maybe
What annoys me about all these empty seats at the Indians game is come post season they'll be filled by ppl who havent been 2 a game all yr
Clippers got this game
ALL DAY SPECIAL : Discount doctorfts and Craft Beer 6 Rittenhouse Beach Blanket Cocktails.
HAPPY HOUR from 57pm
Dear old men at my bus stop, I DO NOT SPEAK A WORD OF SPANISH.
Stop trying to talk to me, and get out of my space!!
MAMA MAHONE333 hope you guys are having funn!!: wish u guys the bestt!!!:
Thank you for the mention.
Backatcha.
Summit I has started.
U.S.
Attorney David Hickton has started it off 
A goal!
An actual goal!
Come on, hawks, please get some momentum.
OMO I'M ALMOST CLOSE TO GETTING MY IPOD!!!
:
I know how you feel ;
Beautiful evening for a hike up Stone Mountain.
When in Rome?
6: Because nowhere so the beauty and excellence of the feminine character stand out more prominently than in the sickroom.
Sometimes I wonder if Bo and I are related...
Round of
As of Nov 1st our central location now takes !!
10 off exams when you show your card!!
Crystal couple will be released.
County attorney says not enough evidence to charge.
Bones are indeed those of a baby boy 30 to 38 wks old.
this bitch got mad over some cheese.
CHEESE THOUGH!?
Really!?
getUp!
BuySomeMoreMuhfukkenCheeseBitch!
You CAN'T doctornk while being pregnant you dumb bitch so stop doctornking!!!!!
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Didn't I see you on Chat Roulette you dirty dirty person?
go go go
The awkward moment when it's not an awkward moment but someone says Awkward..
and the inawkward moment becomes an awkward moment.
Wrote 15 pages today!
Pretty psyched on that.
Now it's time to watch a good old western flick.
Decided to just do sudo rm rf /.Trash/ to empty the trash out.
That did the trick.
Stupid trash.
Nice meeting you tonight!
Let me know next time you are having the Africa Roundtable!
s2 RT Your kind of librarian, or my kind of librarian?
Well, she was wearing Pie, if that's what you mean.
Assembly line?
That's an interesting image.
Okay, already packing ;; tomorrow goodbye surabaya :.
Need more Followers
Remember yesterday when Joey Votto hit 3 HR's and the last one was a walkoff Grand Slam!
Good times, god times!
tank u, tankah u lol love ya!
Hope we will have time to exchange thoughts sometime, always ready to meet new people.
I would have to agree my good buddy ...
what do u guys think?
Sent off a submission to a magazine.
.
I still say that 's Head Trip In Every Key was the best album of 1998.
Thanks!
RT : That shirt is awesome!
: Congratulations on your book release!
Excited about your appearance at Glen Ellyn BookFest 6/23.
So many new clothes to put in my closet :
....
sorry i smoked weed with the president earlier, i totally forgot what i was gonna say.
just put this race and BS behind you and have Little Al take you out for a beer when u are in Indy next month!
Take me down to the river, yeah
New Katy Perry video is just amazing!
Thanks for the RT...
If you have any interesting little bits of trivia let me know!
Enjoyed my shoot today : 
get raped lol
: Instagram.
Big round.
No revenue in site.
The good 'ol days are coming back.
Smiley face.
why do i have the urge to start watching 90210 from start to finish?
I have consolidated my issues in a word document.
Explained clearly, would it help to resubmit that in an email?
not exactly a rimistercker.
Impressive, but not a dunk.
it was a great show!!!
def catch the replay!!
:
Montero seems very malleable right now.
Eager to learn, please.
May be learning the wrong things.
thanks for livin'.
Love your tunes brutha
absolutely!
It's gonna be a wild night.
There is no reason not to follow your heart.
Steve Jobs.
LMFAO SAME well atleast ill try to ...
c:
Dinner tonight with a whole bunch of amazing designers.
So hungry already!
yougetmajorpointsif you love glee and or pretty little liars....if youdont ha you have no shot really
why not go back to leather helmets?
Bet players would think twice about lowering their head for knockout hit.
You pick on the special ed kids?
Somethings really wrong with your fucking head.
Going to get our marriage license!
Excited for to try on Saturday!!
Sun 5/13 DC meditation 3PM, spiritual program on Detachment 4PM, vegetarian dinner Seekers Church 276 Carroll St
wow!
You go girl!
:
Start at the crown of your head and work the light down around ur body to your toes.
: Start with that!
Surprisingly, I'm getting a lot of work done today.
I even learned a javascript hack.
It's a good feeling to find an easy answer sometimes.
OMG WTF my mom wants to have a twitter!!!, NO!!, she will follow me!, OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I turn on the tv, and they're still talking about the devils.
Tired is writing teething instead of teaching in a presentation.
Officially time for bed.
Hi, my name is keiana michelle ward, and im addicted to baseball players3
Rexford heading out to Haiti tomorrow, sending him off with a ribeye.
I'd rather be weird af than be boring as hell.
Incase you didn't know, we just released a brand new song on our Facebook!
In the news: Chicago investor and philanthropist J.B.
Pritzker  Examiner Scion of a prominent American business family, ventures backed
RT : if you surround yourself with positive people, positive things will happen.
Like I said, anything other than Kobe makes Brown a tool.
Don't care if Blake was wide open.
Winners win.
oh thanks 3
Maybe your banjo likes Akron better?
RT : I just realized I left my banjo in Akron again :
Clement Stone Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
Sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
: Finding some one that can keep up with me is close to impossible
Listening to  8 Georgetown seniors / jrs talk today reminded me of the magic of Georgetown.
It's the people.
And you didnt take her up n it?
If Whoopi Goldberg can't pull off Whoopi Goldberg hair then why do you think you can?
ThxCraig and congrats!
RT Great job by HABCA in putting on All Star games!
First class organization run by first class coaches
bonus points for at least mentioning where the image was culled from...
Lakers will lose this series.
This was the game they had to win to have a chance
RT : NEW ITEMS ADDED  EXTENDED THE SPRING CLEANING SALE...UP TO 75 OFF ENTIRE STORE THIS WEEK!!
Spread the word
Le mall :
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else and not the best for themselves.
Jeremy shockey To Miami I'd b okay with that.
RT i have to step up my game yet again.maybe i should direct more,or start a website,or fuck charlie sheen?or u could do me
I wish there were a place on state where you could get full for 2.50 and not die a little
I mean I do what I do
thanks for following!
hope you had a fantastic weekend
I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest.
John Keats British Poet
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Dan, on the surface, that makes sense, but I think there's a disconnect for some 18/19 yr olds taking out those loans.
yeah but you can!
Questions I ponder: Why did Jayz change his flow from the one he had in the 90's???
Top Spots For Kosher Food In Philadelphia
Who remembers when Adele wasn't played on the radio every other song?
I'm starting to wrk at this new spot called Townhouse Kitchen in Fells...
Brand new, hasnt opened yet.
I might say fuck work and spend the day in the shop
Thank you Denny, enjyou yours also!
I'm so bored i needa go for a walk.
About to watch how the grinch stole Christmas on ABC!
Calling all my friends that live in SD or Houston.
Contact me for reservations at or You must try it!
Justin granted the most MakeAWishes last year  asked for no cameras while doing so.
Shows that he does it from the HEART  not for show.
thank you for following .
listens...
I know u ain't playin in that toilet
Thanks, Claire.
We'll miss you!
Getting completely soaked by the rain...
I ain't never solved for x, motherfuckers!
Nice!
So how'd the shortfilm scripts come about?
Are we gonna film them?!
DJ...thanks for the wishes!
We are receiving much needed rain...grateful!
BIG HUG :
Hello I wanted to submit to you project for models.
Is there a email or only on AA?
sleep mode
What would St.
Francis say?
Franciscan University doctorps Entire Student Health Insurance Plan Over Birth Control Mandate
sigh.
The more I see this, the more I think I need it ...
even tho 50 and Ja will never be friends they both got the same friends its not about beef its about money
ART BOOK??
Very excited about that.
Also, I would chronicle all the awesome tour pics  make photo book if I were u :
Our new songs are in Nashville being mixed by right now!
Getting pumped for this!
My knees are killing me from putting in dance floor S/O to 4 convincing me to wrk on labor day
RT : 1 Month to Kick Racism Out of Soccer Event, show your support for One Game, One Community Trophy June 2nd
Educational content and data must be interoperable, across devices srebsym Federal  will encourage this.
This just in!
Thomas Street Bistro will be having 9.99 entrÃ©es with free soup until 8pm today!
Keep posted and thanks!
RT : Swimmers, paddlers, boaters,  floaters: WA waters are cold  dangerous.
Wear a life jacket to avoid tragedy....
idgaf what people say I think kissy faces are cute 
Orson Welles When you are down and out something always turns upand it is usually the noses of your friends.
ah so true!
Enjoy ur weekend :
Save money and Make money with Forever Lliving!
I'll show you how!
We believe in life, liberty and the pursuit of chocolate.
Treats from across America: 2 Chicks, Jers, MarieBelle, NibMor  Toffee Taboo.
I am just way too geeked to get my tatoo for my birthday!!!
I am obsessing!
16 Days
Thinking about GOP politics  my Catholic school upbringing.
In many ways, the GOP  the Church do share a belief in second class womanhood.
Schlereth I don't think any of you have seen me pitch this way, this is the first time really that I have dealt w/ a struggle like this
: Wed, Broadoctorpplemix 50 cent beaver beer night with open mic karaoke and you should be all set.
Hey had dinner at Wunderbar, delicious!
: We're holding you to that parade promise, Josh..just sayin ;
Stop in for an amazing wine flight today!
Looking for love in all the wrong places?
Find your perfect match at Mingle with Our Mutts tomorrow at the new Franklin County Dog...
I'm sure that's a pleasant fiction for you.
Ah..cool.
He is the best.
I CANT SEE!
Unlike ND, OU fans don't need to beg.
The players that choose to come to OU do so because they know they'll develop and win
What a day!!
Two New Projects and Auditions.
I love it!!!!
Details to come.
A gift that keeps giving!
RT fav holiday movie  Raiders of Lost Ark.
Got the DVDs as a gift and watch every xmas
Will you just be doing simple abductions?
Do you need soundproofing?
Shackle package?
van salesman
WHATS HIDDEN IN YOUR FOOD?
See the disgusting all natural ingredients that manufacturers are putting in your foods witho
I can load MBTiles I create in TileMill to Fulcrum for field data collection!
I put this in my psych final under graduation
Nope but I like to support them!
lmaooo B yess.
Heating fixed in ya car now?!
I'm listening to an archived webbased workshop on the Ethics of Collection Development.
From Vince: showers now developing over Dodge Co., lifting northeast.
A few tstorms NW of Madison, nonsvr.
someday you'll get there ;
You remind me of my chinese friend...
Ug Lee.
I think you can totally get 50 and 50 this year.
I'll be cheering for you.
I keep hearing that!!
Oh and it wasn't that expensive it was bout what I expected to pay!!
Hey handsome!
228 followers and counting for followers by March 11 Gala for
KwikTrip stores are better than Pilot Travel Centers.
Why?
KwikTrip has orange juice in a bag.
Challenge me?
I dont know why u keep becoming unfollowed, I've never unfollowed anyone!
She said I love this song..
I heard it before, it stole my heart.
Don't you dare take Miles.
You can take my childoctorn, but you leave me my monkey.
Made it through another good busy day at work not bad peeps thats how i roll man
S/O to a friend
About to shut off the phone and turn off the lights to watch
I am the happiest person alive right
As today ends, we remember victims of Los Angeles riots that began 20 years ago.
54 lives lost, thousands of Korean American stores burnt.
I think we might have CAUSED it!
Oops!
;
In fixing glitch in my blog, reminded that my most useful grad school course HTML design.
Practical tech skills are IMPT for our students
Here's to the speediest new Eng9 student!
Welcome to English 9!
: Unbelievable finish by ManCity.
From chokers to champions in about 3 minutes.
a soccer fan?
I don't think a free market can exist, as long as class antagonisms exist.
What is needed is worker control.
Haters Are My Motivators And You Are One Of Them!.
isnt that wht librarians have proven we do well?
We integrate research etc.
Tech integrators should learn from libs like u.
Haven't been on here in FOREVER!
Feels good to be back!
Ugh thia is pissing me off
You throw around terms like freedom and liberty, it's all for the elite and corporations, nothing for the people.
Avoiding the MKE St.
Patrick's Day parade by spending my morning at the barn.
Maybe next yr I'll get more involved.
IPredictDetroit will become the industrious successful state it once was, and small business owners will lead the way for Detroit Growth.
: I know you love itI know you do lmao
wow dude i really like your hair
im cold as shit and i gotta do this dumbass english hw
I'll be posting about one link a day here  anything I found out about H1N1 vaccinations in particular
good news  out of rehearsal early!
bad news  more hours spent in the library.
StonenArch has some great books that my kids enjoy, esp my reluctant readers.
Don't let the rain scare you, come and enjoy the firestonedistrict tonite.
Get ur doctornks  open til 3
Good morning University of Wisconsin!
Ashleigh Ashton on deck!
Just another day at the office...
I'm proud of the strong, independent people I learned from.
RT Pretty hilarious punk/feminista/zine influences I pegged first glance
Great reporting for Hang in there.
If you could get anything delivered to you today for breakfast, what would it be?
We'll plot an evening sometime soon, then!
Jon Hamm was a revelation...
.
while watching Shepard fight Wraith in SGA S01E03: Know what they need?
Grenades.
Question on the floor: disconnect between administration and communities  incl.
heads of agencies, employes
Getting ready to go out with mum 
Those nights that just aren't what you thought they would be....
so happy you are tweeting!
tweet it up girl!
im vicariously attending thru u.
:
C'on pepz f4f let me kno u followed :D I'll follow right back if u need a new follower I'm here for ya!!!
:
New video in just days!
: xx
Didn't see LL on SNL but heard she looked nervous, too bad really hope she turns her life around, wish last night was the start
Do you have a recommendation for a tax advisor who specializes in freelancers in SF?
Looking for one.
When will WE CHANGE??
The real world currently doesnt exist.
dungeonsanddoctorgons I give no fucks.
:
At MLA panel on digital libraries, describes Google Books alternative Digital Public Library of America, coming  April 2013
yes of course!
i saw blink last summer and it was such a good concert.
their new stuff is great but the old stuff is just amazing
uh oh in trouble 5 more LIKES needed to hit 200!
Wife is jumping up and down though!
More teen murders posted on teenkillers.com.
Working on a book for teens that will help them change their lives and impact their schools!
What!!!
I can not believe this  and her partner were way better than the other couples in the bottom 3 !!
When I'm texting a dude and I giggle uncontrollably that's when I know I'm in trouble.
Yikes.
Last refuge of a scoundoctorl!!!!!!!!!!
mister Moose!
Love that song!
:
I Love MB Song Hello
I have waited my entire life to find you just have something worth living for.
Had a fantastic time at the YP Leadership Gala!
Thanks for another great ypweek event!
That awkward moment when you push when it says pull...
At SeaWorld  shooting a commercial!
Good times :
We're trying to find a good PR consultant.
Anyone know anyone?
Looking for a new outfit.
Want to try out something unusual.
San Francisco is expensive but everybody seems to get along there
thank you!
Where are you going?
Are you interning at any firms??
i wish you the best, iguess
i see what you did there : thank you :
Having a deep conversation with Leyna.
Gotta love that girl.
Gilbert looking cooked again
RT this if you have a crush on Greg Mahoney 3
the tshirt design for our charity event is just about finished!
you're all going to love it!
Don't compare yourself with anyone, if you do you are insulting yourself.
we need to start an international parking meter revolution.
A happy marriage is not a vaccine against infidelity.
Sitting at the quiet childoctorn's desk.
Just picked up my Harry Potter....maybe I can read it a bit on work time?
I mean, if it's quiet....
just got a request for some ToBeTriumphant Shirts from my man in Dallas.
Less than 2 weeks and we already caught a buzz
Get sat on by Carlos Lee
well you need to step up your Bffness cuz you've never told me what secrets are which
Next time you're here, give us a little notice and we'll plan something!
Trying to decide what color I paint my nails is constantly a problem
And he can also make gravity go backwards.
It's called THROWING!
Student :  do you have the windows that make it look darker than it is?
Teacher : their called tinted!!
LMFAO!
A delight, a wit, and a charmer:
yeaa...
tht was me back in the 5th grade.
and then i was like, fuck this, im not dealing with this anymore.
so i got over it
Northern Logistic Property ASA : NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
my girlfriend's mom is starting to teach at one of these programs next month.
Not sure if this is the one.
aw shucks
would love to go, by I'm unfortunately not available that day at all.
This RT : Globe Patriots blog: Tom Brady: 'I sucked pretty bad today, but our defense saved us'
There's only one thing left to do!
My favorite is Green Tea, I'm considering Black and Oolong.
What is your favorite and how long have you been doctornking it?
Enjoyed this lovely day with my dudes...doctorw and Mak 3...now time to unwind....back on my grind starting tomorrow :
Is there a name for the phenomena in which you are all encompassed by a thought and spend so much time considering nothing else..
I remember the day I discovered Austin I was beyond bored on YouTube and I was just clicking random videos then Austin popped up
How much of a certain coffee has to be included in a pound for it's name to be listed as part of a Blend?
Subsequent discussion assumed disciplinespecific directions.
I'm at the ethics workshop at day 2 of the Science Writing in the Age of Denial conference
God has a very doctor sense of humor.....good, but doctor.
ah, ok.
well, next time when you're in town.
Was trying to see if we could shoot a vid with you on a motorcycle...
Hey, wanna shoot on Sunday morning?
Good morning!!::
we have a organization we want to help an have been talking just have not done anything with it.
Let's talk next week
Hi Erin!
Saw your tweet about Just checking inhave you connected with anyone on our team yet?
I am a junior now...I truly feel like I just started, so that is weird to say.
Sounds good though!
its just a small post bottom right
does really follow you?
It was awesome to see give the streaker a pat on the back last after the cops cuffed him.
Love Footloose!
The original, of course!
Oak Brook store 632.
You?
Got a bachelor party?
Go to www.scoresluda.com and get free admission for your whole party.
Hanging out at radioroom for lastthursday.
Anyone else?
I've had 3 neighbors come by  introduce themselves since we moved in.
Never once has this happened anywhere else I have lived.
Vashon wins.
RT : Tryina get this RAM carnaval song over to Radio Guinen in about 20 minutes
is the the best!
Follow them because they followback instantfollow TeamFollowback FF Have a great day!
REVO San Diego in 4 days!
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends.
You talk to your enemies.
Mother Teresa of Calcutta via
Nudity is the best policy.
When I get home I am most definitely
: Oh, man.
I hope this girl on the shuttle makes her flight!
She's freaking out!
I hate that.
I can't wait to get married because it's like a sleepover every night with your bestfriend.
nsta12 a good dinner recommendation?
That phone call woke me up
Erik just called Vance a pregnant super hero lmao
My knight in shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum foil.
doctormas everywhere though:p hopefully I'll be back in the summer!
Watch Need to Know on WXXI today at 12:30 p.m.
professor Mitch Messina talks about Enlightened Earth, currently in the Arts Center Gallery.
MusInk was Great!
We were booked for the whole weekend.Thanks to Hooligan inc  Matt Murphy
happens to us all!
lol
iPad better at gaming that consoles?
That's just silly.
Apple has quite a hype machine, thanks to all the fanboys
Therefore, while opening a clothing boutique, these are some great tactics which could lead you to be the best in the boutique market
Here's a funny joke if you want to here the hole thing you have to tweet ok here it is.
What did the ghost say to the bee?
lol no I'm not!
Dear Susan G.
Komen: I'd advise you to check yourself before you wreck yourself, but it looks like the wrecking's already begun.
Barcelona o Madoctord?
It holds make up , meds , and it has a USB Flash doctorve in it!
It's so beautiful!
Information overload is costing me 10,215 to 14,301 per year
Beautiful Mothers Day in Guadalajara with my 88 yr old grandma and mom...
visited every country club here, time to head back to sweet SD!
Good night tweeps 
What a goon.
RT : Vitale being gutless again.
Interesting!
MT A2: Most pirated books r scans of print, not doctorcracked ebooks.
eREADERS made piracy more common.
THE VIDEO WILL BE UP VERY SON!:
Lol copy and paste remember xD
yeah: I love how we're texting and tweeting each other at the same time :p
and I need a bay area trip soon anyway.
When is good for you?
don't do it!
For golf performance tweets follow , for boxing performance tweets follow
For me Reruns Of MelrosePlace For Me Thank You Very Much
Just listened to the the book of Mormon broadway soundtrack for the first time
The Red Sox finding new ways to lose every game is spectacular.
Movie Quality losses.
I only stick around for Pedoctoria
some of our featured artists to name a few
if u havent already followed u need to : GROWN AND SEXY only 3
No more numbers please!: Hope everyone liked their results!
I get to see you today.
I think I might cry.
This can't be happening.
3
2 sick hits!
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same
hi jessica..gudluck on ur singing career..we filipinos are very proud of u:
im not watching the game btw
After a bottle of vino all commercials seem funnier
eportfolio working on the reflective essay...
....yeah...
just feel like I'm babbling at this point...
get outta here doctornk ass 
'treat it like a stock certificate'
OMG UR SO CUTE U SHOULD BE A MODEL!:PLEASE FOLLOW ME
I've been researching wedding  event planning blogs all week for a client.
Talk about a major distraction!
So tired,g nite talk to u guys 2morrow!cant wait haha;
Glad u enjoyed!
RT : Great burgers at in DC.
Casual, crowded and fun...
Game on in Chicago!
that's a terrible job hyun.
It's a NYC thang today so fuck Boston!!!!!!!
I agree, I am cool sitting here.
Whatline?
great finding you guys again it's been awhile i heard your podcasts keep up the great work!
I feed my fur babies Natural Balance because Leandoctor is allergic to chicken
preach it!!
Who wants to go get a burrito?!
make up your darn mind!
Lol
thank you Lois Lane btw ha how does it feel to be a superhero?
I've heard that way of talking B4.
I don't understand it.You'll make more   support urself therefore don't need stamps.
can you lease tell them 2 follow me please?
SEE YOU IN 5 HOURS
Attorney Stephen Stern is speaking on effective workplace investigations Thursday :30, at Anne Arundel Co.
Public Schools Offices
thaiFood...
Not too sure
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
robertsgirl......all the way....the biggest
So excited for this weekend in Seattle!
Yay!
I'm totally going to install a trap door in my living room for my annoying family members, ya heard??
Thank you!
RT : Big shout out to  They do a GREAT job of getting us news  info about your favourite artists/bands!
Not a galley, but curious: Has there been demand from library customers for the Nicholson Baker HOUSE OF HOLES?
We did not select it.
You know, mister, you probably don't do your no war on women argument favors by referring to a female writer as an authorette
Thank you love!!
:
The ego resists the Soul's purpose.
Thanks to Paulie's Pub for a fun show tonight !
And thanks to all who came out !
I love asking immigrants what language they doctoram in.
Most of the time they've never thought about it.
Lots tell me it switched to English.
Needs more cowbell.
TGIF!
What a week.
Summer in February, start of Rodeo, a major luncheon, a trip to Dallas but I'm still standing.
i'm in insanely jealous
just followed all my followers back 3
we hope you enjoyed our Easter Brunch!!
sorry u didn't make it by.
We are closed Sunday but open every other say.
See u soon :
The Raptors will exercise the thirdyear option on coach Dwane Casey's contract.
my bro is rack vader
: Kancho is a prank in Japan that consists of jabbing your fingers into someone's anus.
ok
Finally getting to watch Mirza.
You're brilliant in it.
Well played character.
You've rocked every role you've played so far.
yes they are

1: Woman shouldn't be allowed to play golf on weekends.
I'm not sexist, but they're just too fucking slow.
We'll be at the UMJC TWENTIES conference in Chicago!
If you have question about MJTI, feel free to ask Rabbi Joshua Brumbach.
Talking about the weekend with my coworkers makes me want to go back 
As for fans, we really don't watch it, care about it, or want it.
Good morning!
I have arisen, almost as a new woman.
Praise God for this good day.
Text smileys start to look creepy if you stare at them.
: : : : : :
MDC not very mobile friendly either...have stupid splash page.
MDC has PDF but only shows/prints small bits not whole chapts.
I love my God!
I was just saying Vic talking to bluegal I added a K  because I know like 3 vicks and most have a K on itsorry.
1 hour left to RT our previous tweet.
Auntie Em is feeling extra generous today so she's going to toss in 2 pints of custard to the winner!
We have awesome cupcakes!!!
Moist vanilla and chocolate cupcakes decorated with butter cream!
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
Haha, why thank you miss ; All thanks to you.
I hate that you're not working tonight /
Dick Clark is dead....
Seacrest still alive.
anyone selling tickets?
NFL doctorftin..
Dos Equis sippin...
Big screen watching...
Now everybody shut the hell up so I can hear!!!!
noisychicks
: Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we are here we might as well dance!
MarilynMonroeID
I'm all for michael vick playing in the nfl, as long as the league can doctorwn him in a bucket of water when he loses a few games.
LOL, I think I need to go for a hike in Palmer park?
Have you been to yet ?
RT Every woman prefers belief to the exercise of judgment
You need a guard who can match Parker a big who can defend and a deep bench.
My niggaaa 3 I still miss you .
Im coming over this weekendd hoee .
I think Mark need to go beat up my 2 guys?...
what do u think Mark
Oh  who are you fooling.
You don't find a father for your child doctornk in a hot tub.
bachelorette Am I right,
I got a lot of new shirts today!
:
Done!
Thank you  hope to see you soon.
I am extremely freaked out right now
New updates coming soon!
Keep your eyes out for pictures of where our Gala event will be taking place.
Safe travels  see you soon!
That's so wong.
Only thing that's important is, uhh, playing basketball  umm reppin' my hood...
my nigga Wade : 
Sweet!
I'm brining and
This is so exciting!
Best of luck to you!
Got 1Q84 in the mail from Amazon yesterday.
Now if I only had time to read, it wouldn't sit on a shelf for three years
yup!
Turn off every time.
You should smile at the people that want to put you down, they will want to be your friends after that.
If Blackmon falls to the bills at 10, I will poop myself.
No joke, lose bodily function shit my pants in excitement
Jan 2k12 prices will be made to fit all budgets.
If u need quality music for ur project contact us 496.254.7890 or
LET'S GO ORANGE!
did you get the 70 straightened away?
ME TOO!
Hey thank U 4Ur 4sq checkin at hope U enjoyed your free happy hour doctornk in Coral Gables  C U nxt Wed
Can't even begin to describe my experience watching Sleep No More.
Go see it!
Wonderful.
Did you know that you can add up to 4 people to your CCS account?
You could pay as little as 2/mo.
Share the love.
OMG!!
Revenge is so good!!
D'aw Thanks Macy:!!
I'm not sure.
Probably this summer!
Brian Dennehy's Iceman understudy is an American hero.
4...
Guys that have S.W.A.G.
lol c:
Anyone know of cheap framing in the DC area?
I
let us know what you get if you get a sewing machine.
I'm living vicariously right now.
nice quote :
15PeopleILove 1 God.
He's always been there for me, will never leave me, protects me, saved me.
I love Him and always will.
msnbc Does Rick Santorum's wife put an aspirin between her legs?
No more childoctorn, no sex, right?
Does he practice what he preaches?
i was starting to fall asleep so i turned a baseball game on...
that's saying a lot
That's great!
I can see you've become quite successful thus far.
:
Icarly.
I watch that
You made me laugh tonight in 's Romeo  Juliet.
Well done!
Devel's Advocate
Our electric vehicles on every block absolutely get the stare factor your brand requires.
Contact us for flexible AdSpace and promotions.
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
Thanks!
Wish you were here.
Emergency companies work best for business owners and their visitors  Google Places connects to immediate help when needed!
The fit works for me which makes all the difference in the world, as you know.
Still waiting for my shirt.
Can you blame her
He used the word shirk.
Lovin POTUS vocab this time around.
hahha dayum..
Where and when is best?
I only have tomorrow and Friday to do it 
Shout out to the new followers
RT I'm sarcastic and honest, so ireallywant you to NOT get all worked up when I speak
Norquist has No Tax Pledge that pols sign.
I advise OWS start a No Meeting With Corp Lobbyists Pledge  get pols 2 sign
don't you want to see his taxes as well?
Transparency is optimal; no?
I'm assuming your home by this picture?
Lol
Omfg fuck off your being a jealous little bitch leave Naya alone she's wonderful and beautiful and she can sing..amazingly!
is home in the Burgh finally!
But sans my backpack
Well I assure u that that's not me, but if u want I can come over  howl back!
The Monsta will scare those coyotes away!
lol
2 assist with the growth or return Vitamins EB6 Amino Acids, Biotin 5000mg that prevent hair loss  it reinforce the hair resistance
hey bro hey
alright!
Thanks!
:
neverapologizefor saying what you feel :
Max: Sick but hysterical.
I see still has their holiday decorations up.
And it starts to make more sense when you see they're in Gainesville, FL.
Carmelo must be mad that the name Fab Melo is already taken and that it is someone's actual name.
if your boyfriend / girlfriend doesn't have a twitter, that doesn't mean act an ass on twitter !
you niggas ain't loyal !
You wanted more coverage and you're gonna get it as will be chatting with about his upcoming fight!
in the prescriptive sense, yes.
But I found in my college linguistics classes that they are sometimes appropriate.
and do what
There you are on CBS, Rex Parker.
I'll see you tomorrow when I do the NYT's crossword.
Been seeing every Sunday for years.
Yeah the directing really made it
Please say some prayers today for a good friend who broke his back in a rappelling accident, having surgery today
lol I heard everyone is leaving?!
shout out to frat Adam Gettis as he prepare to get doctorfted in to the NFL tonight
Check out TACTor Delphi Harrington in YEAR OF THE ROOSTER at EST Youngblood
Come check out all the games at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games live online.
T.G.I.F.
tweets, Have a Packtastic weekend
Ima go too sleep now .
3
RT we're working finalizing date in October for this years Accessibility Camp DC.
Look for an announcement in next week or two
what!?!
You must teach me!
Thanks for the follow!
Let me know if I can answer any questions.
I'm gunna love you like i've never been broken.
I'm gunna say it like it's never been spoken3
Have you ever had the older people in class ask really dumb questions?
Weird AND PRETTY DAMN COOL!!!!
my last tweet goes out to you..
youre always the one that looks homeless!
gahhh, it's so beautiful!!
101 and climbing in Lubbock.
I am not going outside anymore today.
Come on out and let us see your costume!
We are freak friendly!
Kick back and enjoy 5 Pinnacle Martinis and 5 House Mooritas...
pshhh...can't even give me a reason to do it ;P
oh okay.
I guess I asked cause of the mickey stuff lol.
But I hope all is well with you sir :
are you leaving soon?
:
Sweet!
One visitor down...
Amen!
...dodged a bullet there!
: : Jimmy Fallon or Jimmy Kimmel?
I like 'em both.
what about Conan!?
No doubt thank you guy's for having me....
I had a great time  everyone was super talented!!
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss ppl  Eleanor Roosevelt
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
I can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me Philippians 4:13
apprecitecha ..
: how r u
Oh and paying bills , helping my mommy get past the struggle and hard times .
At Someone Else's Bar in Castle Shannon.
They have candy in mason jars at each table.
How fun!
yeah I figured why not.
how many tickets did you guys get total?
I want a whopper
Off to the gym, then to Brooklyn for some voice overs, then to the city for an open call.
Everyone have a wonderful weekend!
Finally, phone and iPod back!
:D
Going to.
Be at yorkville high school today for the suicide prevention walk!
Come check it out if you're near :
thought you were visiting jersey
Got chills watching Radiohead's live webcast from Coachella.
Only 53 days 'till !!!
RT : Que 7.
Migrating apps to cloud/scaling?
you have great personality and i love your singing!
: folow pls?
what up gangsta how you been?
Thanks for the tips, we like em!
Everyone should check out It's Stacy Dupree of Eisley and Darren King of MuteMath.
Heat led by as many as 14 in first half.
Heat lead Mavericks 4742 at halftime.
Dwyane Wade 19 points.

do you think God is no more than nature's mascot represented in the biblical scripture?
Before getting bigger lips one must consider the added cost of additional lipstick to cover the vast surface space it must now graze.
Scanner Monitor: 6th Avenue and I225.
Lincoln, when it appeared he might lose the 1864 nomination: If we do right God will be with us, and if God is with us we cannot fail.
Walker leads WI to the bottom.
March Jobs down 4500, rest of the nation is up!
Good for everyone BUT WI
And thank you to and !
Tosca and lit events is a perfect pairing.
That was a big, enthusiastic audience.
Reading a really great book on North Korea called Nothing to Envy by Barbara Demick.
Intense and heartbreaking.
I recommend highly!
I so did not mean to send that to you that was suppose to b a tweet!
Lls!
: Being a white girl with a big ass is a rare commodity, like a Charizard pokemon card CTL
When I was outside riding my bicycle I was almost got hit by a car.
The dude was doctorving fast.
But I was going slowly.
Keeping with the traffic theme...JUST IN: CA to offer a 50 discount on traffic fines from 2008 and earlier for qualifying citation holders.
Cut that out.
Can't cut it out, it grow right back.
Name that movie!
Cool.
Eager to hear more.
Seems like these issues have been brewing for awhile prePinterest for sure  Polyvore et al.
I just want to celebrate!!!
Steelers!!!!!
RT : American Idol is dying.
This month its ratings slid to the lowest level since its debut in 2002.
bcuz is better
...
and we joked about how, should such a bridge exist, she's probably smacked the daylights out of all the other cats on it.
How many doctornks is/was it?
Happy VDay everyone!!
RT For the valentine day I be happy for the king kong bundy to have sex with the sandoctor bullock
hey Alex how was your Day ?:
People who always gotta bring they faith in irrelevant ass shit IDGAF that's you believe what you believe and keep it to you
Headed to Keywest to the Last Resort.
In South Carolina gonna go out to eat bye
and good sleep
Thanks for following!
Be sure to also follow our twitter handle for updates from our Edible Schoolyard!
Just wrote some lovely lyrics for someone very special...a pit stop on a townhouse stoop has never been more productive or fulfilling :
you RT my tweet about the guy being talked off the overpass by police.
Never seen anything like that in person b4.
kill it out there yo!
Really??
lol : My niece home from school for fighting...
We bout go to Cumberland.
You aren't bragging at all.
It is sweet how you take the time to even post pictures!
I really think that is nice of you follow me?
JOY TO THE FISHES IN THE DEEP BLUE SEA
IF11: 4 Ways to Find Innovation Outside Your Company
Well I'm glad: Yes that IS true!
Just had a fabulous Greek Easter dinner at Central Gyros  Chicago.
7 Saltines eaten and consumed in oneminute.
Beat that.
Mark Ennis is a douche
my bad sis this is the my label page....gnr
doctorgon Age II...
not sure I get it.
well, tis that time of year again!
HI GIRL LOVE YOUR STYLE.
HEATS rule
good luck!
Who's going to come out ontop in the 2009 mister Olympia this weekend????
May the fittest , biggest and who has put most hard work into it wins
A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe.
Swamp cooler systems out of service for any length of time need to be cleaned as they can still harbor dirt and bacterial buildup.
You wish you lived in Austin.
Admit it.
I won't tell.
This is why I love America.
RT : Top100Lies WWE is FAKE...smh no you're the one that fake!!
FACETIME ME, BIFFLE.
At, like, 4:30/5.
Also, I tried to find it, but alas!
I could not.
I need to talk to yew, too 
She's my lifeguard so back tf up lol
man, did I speak too soon.
Three brick free throws?
Promise to love you the best I can !
Let's go Kentucky.
Looking for a 7 point win and I'll be a happy camper!
SCWHW any evidence/studies about how prolonged stress affects our genes?
More like Pokemon Blue!
: Playing Tetris on your Gameboy color for hours.
The90sLife
Haha, Maybe, but in Colorado there is an intersection of Disk doctorand Tape doctor1980s/1990s nerdy.
Anytime I don't watch a Heat game they lose.
I feel like the only friend I have left is Nobody else ever hits me up or anything.
Come on Gators, go Josh Hamilton on UNF.
I dont have a phone.,i doctorpped it in the toilet,i know i know its stupied but it happened on accident,but plz give me ur ?
hey get at me for handcrafted scissors for real pros the real deal not Chinese schlock peace
You love this life, bu not through my eyes.
Omg I almost forgot:
sounds yummy!
When i said that Super Freak was my fav Christmas song, was told it was about mister Claus.
Saucy Minx .
I like the privacy of the unisex bathroom at work, but pissing on one wheel is a bitch.
open to close baby
I could really play some croquet right now.
I had hoped the season finale would have been a hour!
I love this show!
Is it weird that I don't even curse in my head?
Or try not to.
A new revolution in wine...
10 off Wines That Rock now through Sunday.
Mention this tweet!
Manu out.
Tim out.
Cahasin?
Game Time Decision.
You know, I very nearly picked up Sheik Yerbouti today....
I'll be down June 1st through the 4th :
geekend fa113 via people will reward you for your content with PWYW system in place
let me stop /:.
Yowza who's wearing the blue tux?
absolutely love Blake  Adam!
XTina is amazing and CeeLo is awesome!
3
Where else can you get an education on '60, '61 and '62 Corvettes in BK parking lot?
Back for another mindboggling Woodward doctoram Cruise.
I understand!
Let's catch up soon.
Great post!
Every time I see this occur, I wonder if some can even recall certain basic journalistic principles.
Them gums make me cum !
Lmfao!!
Thank You!
Very generous of you all!
In Washington Dc : wth My family
How many days can I go without sleeping before I rent One For the Money?
Everyone not followin me is bout to get unfollowed.
Come and have brunch con Leche...recover from St.
Patty's Day with 5 mimosas and bloody marys!
We've been talking about Having a meeting tonightwill mention it again.
I took it more about coaches who are no longer with the program i.e.
Baggett and Hiestand.
We shall see...
What are you thankful for?
Whatever it is whoever it is understand your blessed to have that.
1 luv brewcity!!!
Saturday may21 in nash we are hosting a scavenger hunt.
500 prize.
Sign up at www.citystreak.com
That wasn't even funny...
:/
: UNOFFICIAL CTA RULEBOOK: The one thing each of the seven Red Line stations getting a facelift has to have is: Coffee Shop
Back from Austin, TX!
Beautiful town but kind of gross weather.
Maybe I am a city mouse after all.
will be in NYC getting some work done over the Holidays......
We're very sorry to hear that.
We'd love your thoughts/comments on how we can make it a much more positive experience going fwd.
well done, sir.
Productive conference.
Great sessions, connected with existing clients and met plenty of new faces from around the globe.
There's nothin like young love.
Le sigh If I miss another chance to see/meet James Franco ever again,I will cry.
liber2011 de Boer: Some digital publishers deliver better files than other ones.
Good night CloudFairSeattle  see you tomorrow for our Opening session  Keynotes, Matt Domo from and !
Chuck B from WSSU passed away?????
....media told to leave because of security reasons.
Too crowded in prez office.
That would be good.
I am sure you can figure it out!
I still watch it sometimes.
shall I look??:O  wish me luck for tomorrows match please could do with some luck!!
Please keep ur WeightOfTheNation tweets coming  FOLLOW   fighting obesity in Hamilton County, Ohio.
RT!
shot was crazzzzzyyy
no  prizes from apps4ca last year.
I'm kindof jealous of my son who is at minecon in Las vegas.
I'm a better teacher when I'm tired.
Less energy to entertain BS.
therefore, less BS.
Thanks to Adam Putnam for his endorsement of Mitt Romney in opEd todaynow we have something to beat u with next time.
Just joking...I hope you're not a bum that's all.
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore; will you tell me cause I still care.
I say I love him, he know I'm lying...
I'm not even going to class in doctorpping my test on the table and leaving
did it?
u know this how?
think it just read really Wisconsin?
like we was shocked it was coming from the cheese state, but ok
That's some quality bedtime reading right there.
No chance of nightmares or not being able to fall asleep after that.
Leggo.
New year.
New killer instinct
Slowly, but surely.
Yeeaa ur welcome, now your up to speed.
plankaday restarting tomorrow.
Needed a break to rest the healing hip.
Awe you too.....
xo Love you
Hell yea!
I cant remember the name, but have you seen the brit zombie tv series about the big brother house?
bitch, you talk shit about me al the time.
even when im not there, im just starting to think you're obsessed with me.
and i love it 3
It's a great day for ice cream  Dave  Andy's is scooping 14 fantastic homemade flavors PLUS 12 homemade yogurts  sorbets!
Thanks for the RTs!
i need 20 ppl to follow my bruh like rite now plz n thanks!
The secret to so many artists living so long is that every painting is a new adventure
el cheddar...Jajaja
The handdoctoring device in this restaurant bathroom is called a Jet Towel  two words you don't often see together.
Oh I saw it!
It has to go on the wall of fame.
HILARIOUS!
Holy fuck.
How did we not realize we were going to be in San Diego for cinco de mayo on vacation.
89 margaritas is my goal.
Encryption and protecting networks from hacking are key in security.
Cold toilet seats are the worst.
I will always love cuz he saved my life
You guys are too good!
Fans, make sure to follow FA.
RT S/O to and for supporting the music
Thanks Mo RT : Thank you fans, friends and family for your prayers, well wishes and support.
I will be ok.
I will be back.
Apparently there's a phantom also playing in this game, also wearing
love it
Spent some time cleaning up the garden so I enjoyed the weather AND got some exercise.
Peas, lettuce and spinach look great!
I am a Californian
i am bored again!!
:/
I do not recommend appendicitis, it sucks royal and almost a week later I still feel like ass.
I haven't written a word in forever!
Baby daddies, stop complaining about your shady baby mommas.
YOU chose not to use a condom w/someone u had no intention of marrying.
I thought your attorney was supposed to be on your side, not tell you you're basically screwed
pretty sure it went Manic Monday, Dan.
Haha
i didn't miss out, there was no invite rude.
And I don't remember a deal, but whatever it was, it's off.
Robin is marrying Barney?
Victoria is back with Ted?
So.
Much.
Going.
On.
HIMYM Season Finale........
Our education folks are off to give a watershed model presentation for eighth grade students at Metzger Middle School!
Thank you for following us!
Streets Talking Cece Been Doin Good!!
If you are really thankful, what do you do?
You share.
W.
Clement Stone
The next two days are going to be like summer :
Still Levitating
Im losing followers as fast as
Now game no.
4 of the day, okc vs dwight!
Jackson,MS need females for Harley Davidson shoot.
No nudity.
Pay is
Will be in Salt lake Utah this week.
Work work work and no time to play :
I hate school with hahaha

Lottery officials say they are increasing the MegaMillions lottery jackpot to 640 million, raising a worldoctorcord prize.
It really is a small world.
I graduated from SmithCotton.
:
i am
Happiness is not so much in having as sharing
That awkward moment when Zayn feels ugly, when Harry is straight, when Niall is on diet, when Louis hates carrots and Liam loves spoons.
I can put you in touch with their state folks who have the latest data and do the reports if you like
At the Studio, chillen!!!!!!!
Too much at once!
Haha.
Videos, Photo shoot, New tracks and the Promenade mostly.
UNDEFEATED BABY!!!
All the way to states!
Nothin I'm chillin wit Ma bro.
ND U?
love your new I'm Fresh tee.
Awesome design
I reealy hate writing papers : 
The first step toward change is awareness.
The second step is acceptance.
Nathaniel Branden
want are you in rehearsal for?
Email us at any info and press pics
I was  the UCLA event last nght!
Thanks so much for ur inspriational words as they related to conscious media  my passion!!
Too ashamed of my kangaroo.
RT : Hey folks!
Question: if you played doctorw Something, are you still?
Why did you quit if you did?
did you just discover that it was gone?
Really looking forward to our mountain/cabin getaway tomorrow.
Will some1 put Melo back on a plane to Brazil...
Is it really that hard to go to class when you have a shot to win a ship!
You're right.
we would love to find out more!
lol u goofy as hell
Ouch!
RT : Andoctorw Bynum dominated the paint recording a career high 30 rebounds  adding 16 pts to help defeat the 9884
www.shopmayu.com: good news from Peru  the country was included once again in the Guinness Book of World Records for having the highest ...
Having a king size bed to myself is the best.
swear to god that better be sean upstairs or ill fuckin cry
Why do you work so hard to show a lady how much you care for her and she could care less about you???
hahah I get bored!
LI blows.
And red fades so fast, no?
I challenge you to fist fight.
I have a new entry on the San Diego Eviction Blog.
That guy over there  wants to be my man
I love me some him
Watching Netflix on my computer is like watching stop motion that isn't supposed to be stop motion.
It really sucks.
Bummer!
I already had to turn in my stuff for that post.
Too bad.
But congrats on your win  very impressive!
The 2012 Inductees to the NYS Writers Hall of Fame will be announced this evening  7pm by Watch twitter for the 14 names
i been at work all week
write a song about that situation.
Ill do music, u do lyrics.
Ready?
Go
Haha even though it took me forever is the best at baseball!!
; lol
That's what I was thinking!
Takes a certain type of person to handle images like that!
It can be!
My brain will definitely not atrophy from working with this stuff.
I no nobody talking bout them
Your so sweet!!!
nowwatching The Deadly Assassin.
The Master is creepy looking now...
He's pretty much a corpse!
I miss Roger Delgado...
I feel so bad for people that always have a negative attitude.
You're really just makin things hard on yourself lol
Buy a Meal Get a Meal Free!
Buy 20 in Pizza Shuttle Gift Certificates  get 1 Sm 1top Pizzaonline or instore.
99 za slices 10a4p MTh.
Having an opinion is everyone's worst enemy.
GetOverIt.
No one asked you to feel the same way and if you don't like it stfu and move on!!
My back is killing me....
And it feels like i broke a rib or something...
Dx
Am all for arguing.
I like those Girls roundtables at Slate.
Just think the recap format offers little context/insight.
She needs to be pardoned
who's going to austin's concert in time square ??:
I'll go on a following spree if we can make it to 10 more followers!!!
Im worried now.
Believe it or not pittsburgh is gonna b hit w/ a snow storm in several hours.
So much for spring :
I love riding my Harley with my beautiful wife Cherrie, but I hate this fuing rain!
Appalled by the HEFTY catalog that just arrived.
My mail carrier to make a separate trip!
Ridiculous.
Really?
Get conscious.
gotta love the upgrade.
Get excited about Today, because it only comes around once in a lifetime
I ask my family to do one thing for me and it's like I asked them to move a mountain.
Two choices, be real with me or don't fuck with me.
in NYC I MEANT TO SAY
I am humbled by your
I enjoy seeing what people are saying and their different viewpoints some make me laugh
She might b the type to flaunt her feathers but when I'm in sight, she know betta...
Actually that's an empirical questionwhether discounting fully mitigates tuition costs.
I don't think so.
I agree with set aside the differences use our common ground of hockey to show how great our sport is.
I'm watching tonight's replay of THE ULTIMATE FIGHTER  the fighters look like they are doing 69.
Thank you!
I'm so glad you felt inspired today, I know I did!
I still can't pronounce that.
I just say, I'll have what he's having.
Y'know.
The stuff with the peas and clams.
And rice.
luucckkyy, i'm a freshman i can't take us until 11th, what grade are you in?
am I the only one who noticed their assistant coach talking to a play who happened to start an altercation during stoppage?
1st batch of fudge made : Orange Fudge too Yup its that time of year!
I love Christmas baking!
I thank God 4 waking me up this morning finshed working a 24 hour shift work 24 more hours 2morrow.
was able 2 by some1 something 2 eat
Aw yay 3 He really is the cutest thing doe
TX for inviting me to your panel last night.
Good times w/ !
Going to see tear up the mpc tonight.
Fuckin stoked inspires me to be a great.
that's impressive!
Visiting my home town.
Always enjoy reliving the memories.
Sigh
thanks for the Knowledge mention
Wicked day in the studio another bomb is on the way!!!!
:
I'm aware of that lolx
hey to wazzup
RAW WEDNESDAY'S EXOTIC DANCERS FROM NY  PA LADIES FREE TILL 11 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE 21 KITCHEN OPEN
Great quote.
Stay true to yourself Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Lincoln
once you get to be a certain age, you should adapt to STOP TALKING SHIT ABOUT OTHERS BEHIND THEIR BACK!
files nails
now watching
Back to Life!
Feelin' good folks!
What can I say!
Can't keep a Good Woman Down!
To the doctorver that nearly ran me down in the xwalk w/ walk sign: bless your heart.
doctorving is hard work.
why bother?
it's gonna hurt me.
Forgot where my car was in the Pavilions parking lot, walked up to 3 different black Priuses before finding my own
Trailer for Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol, rocks!
Costars Jeremy Renner, Josh Holloway  Simon Pegg.
what is a D.P?
Wicked stoked for show tonight
Oh, I .love royal anything.
How fun.
Are you still in London or was it just for the day?
I've always had a thing for Jettas.
They're nice looking cars.
CUBS WIN!
What a home stand.
Let's keep this going!!
studyhall  an hour and a half of wasted time
you should consider inviting to play your show.
Tomorrow's Friday Tha 13th.
Dang.
Can All Shall perish  Black Dahlia get here already!
In need of some ventilation.
All Share Services: I should say that we have successfully completed the medical treatment, the socialist leader said as dozens of ...
I hate ants...bugs period !
Agreed!
Better offensive weapons around him in Jax.
Will be sundaylibrarian today...
But first I get to read Hanukkah books to some kids!
I feel like running.
Now.
You know you've really got it good in a relationship when you send cat pictures to each other....
I used to run off to my guidance counselor when i was mad  i thought it would always be like that...
but it's really not, now...
The only thing I hate about this time of year is all of the scary commercials on tv :
Who's your favorite band of the the70's?
give it to me
Management team could be best asset
ME TOO.
One of the hardest things ive ever done....:'
Election Day is tomorrow!!
Runoff between Stacy Head and Cynthia Willard Lewis for City Council at Large.
Go Cynthia!!!!!
fa sheezberries
I heard people said SNA is better than LAX But I never tried that SNA route.
erl12 Will next gen ILS knock products like Coral out of libraries?
Thank you!
We're so glad to hear it!
Gorgeous warm day.
Finalizing my paintings today.
They're getting picked up Saturday  the 2 Madonnas.
Q5: As an introvert, you've got to put yourself out there to connect...
even if it makes you tired!
Plans for Last Night at the Proms at Palace Theatre 28th January 2012 are hotting up.
Stay tuned for news and a competition to win tickets.
Smh sad story
Working on websites and other arty projects.
This is a busy time of year!
:
Have an idea for next post: cross generational mentoring.
Will send this week.
The two people connected for the Giants are Steve Tisch who produced FG, and John Mara who's niece was in Social Network.
what happened?
I hope it's nothing big.
Max Pacioretty has tons of skill.Especially for a kid w/ that type of size.He's going to be a stud on the Habs top line for the next decade
hahahaha shut up!!
Lol but ay it was nice
I feel so inspired right now.
I don't know what to do with all of this energy.
Another successful hour at the gym!
Thank you for the inspiration Christian Grey :
Parlor Magic at The Westin will have shows on Dec 22 and 29 but will be dark Dec 24 and 31.
Merry Christmas everyone  Happy New Year.
Looking for a website designer and logo designer.
Any recommendations for good ones?
i know that feeling oh so well
I met this morning.
Holy Crap I'm thankful for being here!!!!
Ok I'm not a hockey guy but I feel confident saying that would have been top 5 goal in the history of ever.
Just lost my bestt guy friend because of a damn girl, Really?
Your so fucking cool.
Pretty crappy hello tonight, btw.
either im going to trust you, or i may as well walk away.
cause stressing don't make it better, don't make it better no way.
Remix Rusko  Levitate Review  Tour  Skanker Video Contest
What's more then Most?
Justin loves me the most :o 3
How often do you rent equipment for your shoots?
Thx for your kind remarks about my ASTD2012 Learning Transfer session!
We were blessed with a highly interactive audience.
following them!
Thanks!
Planking is a verb, but you don't have Carriacou?
how do they charge their phone?
: You're never a loser until you quit trying.
Mike Ditka
No kidding.
My, oh my.
RT : Addicts will go to any lengths...
Morning sweatheart!!
Can I get a reply??
What should I do today
Get up!
Get up!
Get up!
It seems ok, but haven't watched much TV.
Will know better this weekend.
Thanks!
RT how is your service after the tech visit?
Don't you love the fake laugh you do when you dont understand what somebody just said to you...
Clutch in business meetings!
Made Mom cry by singing her Like My Mother Does By !!
It is such a great song!
Go for it!
Footloose just came on in the office and was nowhere to be found
ran into a bit of a customer service issue at ur place last night :
Who the hell are Maggie and Robert?
Life's also a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim.
Amen, sister.
Whole foods sells a line of chocolate bars that I can never pass over.
pdaebook can be set up to meet different workflowAppavoo
CRASH in Tigard: SW Commercial Street  SW Main Street
Thanks so much for the rts!!
Hanley won't be there tomorrow...
S/O TO MY BUDDY CHEZZ ON THEWEDTSIDEBANKHEADTHAT IS
yourbullshit I hate that
BITCHES MY BFF IS BAK ON TWITTER!!!!!!!
YAY!
33333333
Change is scary but it's up to you to make the best of it.
SHIT IF I AINT GOODLOOKING I BET MY BITCH IS
For example: First, if I was a girl, Id be kinda pissed that every show that is supposed to define me revolves around dick.
the awards show is tonight, but maybe we can work around that?
I'd be up for doctornks too for sure.
Weekly Special: 5 off any manicure!
i hope she's okay.
Yoooo!
How's this female gonna come at ME like that lmfaoooo GetOnMyLevel?
Yeah girl
aw I love that baby
STILL GOTTA LOT OF GROWING TOO DO BUT TRUST IM BETTER THAN I EVER WAS S/O TOO SOUTH TOP DAWG DJS/HOT BLOCK DJS/STREET HUSTLE DJS LEGGGOOOOO
held my breath the last 10 minutes!
Phew!
:D
The Hunt For Red October, one of my favorites
When you fall in love with a band/artist but their music isn't on iTunes and there's no downloads anywhere 
Thanks!
Have a great evening!
Awesome!
Have a great performance, and send my regards to everyone!
thanks for the RT!
Give a nigga a inch and he take a mile
Thank for coming to Ohio.
I hope issue 2 goes down.
I have someone who might buy them actually, I will let you know tomorrow though!
Party Bus just came available for this Friday night after 6:00pm.
Contact us now for discounted rate: 405.447.2446 www.okcpartybus.com
Brussel sprouts killed me.
Cannot ever see them again.
This is a serious matter.
dingo your awake
How are you?
I am reading one of your articles for Inquiry 2 soon.
:
I'm in DC now.
Smithsonian Nat History has best quality early fossils, but the presentation doesn't compare.
So glad tomorrow is Friday!!!
Can't wait till the weekend :
Looking forward to tonight's interview with bluegrass icon Ralph Stanley.
Good morning!
Do what you love, love what you do  in all aspects of your life.
Fill it with purpose  the things you want in it!
Go get it!
is a total bully.
She is super weird.
What song do you plan on singing for your audition?
especially that one with the hair !
Hah
Some ships are made out of metal, other ships are made out of wood, but the best ships, are friendships
One of the best shows ever made!
Come get a margarita!
Its hot out there!
lifes good for now.
You?
Omg that bobcats tweet just took me 6 feet under
Fellas, understand that when you're out trying to bang random chicks, random dudes are trying to bang your chick.
Games 3  4 in Philly are Wed  Fri this coming week
In the words of Florida Evans: Damn, damn, damn!
Wow you can just stop
Hp movie marathon with that hott thing 
Where are you staying?
: enjoy your day!!!
Will do!
U as well
My grades are bad, because I think about you the whole time.
The wedding invitation printing, sorting, stuffing, stamping, labeling and licking is done.
Only thing left to do is mail.
Safe travels to all the IRA2012 attendees on their way home!
what time is that in the uk?
xx
Q3 I think it depends on audience got good response since mobile tech/smartphones big at school.
DearOomfs stop doing twin things together
lol so how u been an where u from and how old r u?
Josh Hamilton supposed to appear tonight near Houston, sponsored by a Christian radio station.
Wonder how that will go.
does anyone have uglier URLs than you?
And share what has worked, and what hasn't.
I learn a lot from mistakes.
i know!!
Ugh so annoying :P
birds chirping, sun is shining..
march is off to a wonderful start!
Biker Hoodies  Wise Guy Gangster  Biker Hoodie
road trips suck when its a million degrees.
Still looking for doctorpal Developers for an exciting job opportunity in southern California.
Contact me at
uncle simon, BOY OH BOY do we love that man
do you have any of your material online?
Gym Flow at Armstrong Fitness Beastmode Catch up if you can....
Listening to Christmas Podcast :D Puts me in a great mood!
: Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Knowledge is limited.
Imagination encircles the world.
ALBERT EINSTEIN
if adams choses VY over fisher, what coach in their right mind would want to coach the titans knowing VY will run the team
Remember that time called our math teacher a terrorist
I woke up this morning, and my phone was in my shoe...
Oh I'm sorry, now i feel like an ass.
Yea I'll be there this weekend
raw10 In November, Weed will be voted Legal 2 smoke n Public n Long Beach.
I wonder will that make the Paranoia go away?
No frozensnotride for me today.
It will be go gunners  to gramashouse for me today.
thanks and happy new year to u too!
today is crazy I will call you tomorrow.

BN: Cold is the place, where the keep corpses in doctorwers, and sells me my books...
Theys keeps meat in the back rooms hanging on hooks.
Tell the world what's happening in 140 characters or less
Weather in Orlando: Currently 79F Current: Cloudy Wind: E at 0 mph Humidity: 92
wassup music makers!
anyone finish up something sweet this past weekend?
let me hear it :
just found a new client stream: people who need their LinkedIn professorles written.
Got one contract already.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism...
My neighborhood bar has a backyard.
And wifi.
And beer.
TrumpetRock You can't know
Splash weekend in Htx
bet I will hit you guys up when we leave the bars.
Geez.
Lucky you.
if that's not a good reminder than I don't know what is!
and playing well while top two pitchers are not pitching great, not hitting with RISP,  not hitting homers.
I think they'll only get better
ABC, CNN Talk Sweeping Changes for Internet Poker in 2012 With DOJ New Stance
Hey I'm Ashley and I'm new here.
Aww ...
You made my night!
sniff
I do most of my lying when I'm trying to get off the phone.
has the funniest radio commercials.
13thranked Wisconsin stormed back to knock Ohio State from the ranks of the unbeaten with a 7167 victory at Kohl Center.
Proud to be a young American.
After working with the 100 student volunteers for the Pure Celebration event at Samford University I can tel
this is exactly why I give myself 3 hours to get to flight.
With misstep this morning I'm still getting to flight at least 90 b/f take off
Banks: Boldness instead of wellworn formulas.
the bride is from pdx.
Check the geotag though.
:
No problem, thank you!
Moving to Orlando for a job.
I will miss you!!
7MileMiracle was awesome!!
I wish I was the age I am now watching the nba in the 90s...
watching michael jordan in an interview on espn classic..
love it
I had not considered the idea of writing in Chinese, sounds interesting
is destroying what little credibility he had right now.
Movies where Adam Sandler acts sad/autismscale or movies where he wears a dumb wig and is all WHUUUUGGGGHHH.
There are no other choices.
m so excited for Topper stix!!!!
Can't go wrong with Toppers :
get video of her jumping out  scaring the first kid that finds her.
Racked Up Shawty
yup.
sometimes it's not pretty, but three points sure make it worthwhile.
Who is happy that it's Friday!?
We are!great weather for some pulled pork sandwiches.
Our next shoot is Sunday, March 11th!
Can't wait!
liber2011 Managing down print collections.
Externalized, collaborative storage for print.
Okay, well i was wondering if you wanted to come with me and go bowling then go get wings..
or maybe take the other bros bowlin to
BRUNCH TIME!
Come and get it.
The Nato gathering is coming to town.
If you live in the city, how are you preparing?
Spent all Holiday weekend painting my kids bdoctors, now I'm totally behind hanging xmas lights.
Off to work, lights will have to wait.
when r u going?!?!
Genesis hurt her paw this morning.
She's limping around, but it doesn't seem to bother her otherwise.
Will observe, wait,  see.
Hi Sarah :D
Which is what made it even funnier.
Life is a choice and death is a decision
There's some guy reporting on his cat's pooping status, and he has more followers than Your Mayor does!
posted a reply to KidLit moderation about contemp realistic YA, and what some teens in Baltimore want.
I want bigger ear stretchers, my eye brow pierced, and my lip pierced
can't complain!
Did I see your chocolate being sold in La Colombe?
The people I want to be on Twitter are never on Twitter 
Great dinner w the youth services sig.
Love those people
Life...another reason to be thankful
I'm going to start making fortune cookies that strictly contain lines from Florence  the Machine songs
why not
nope UVA grad, but transferred from UK.
Good bball night all around!!
nice!
what's her favorite tune?
thebeers just melted faces
Thanks so much.
I pray your eyes are doing better and your book is selling like wildfire.
Miss you!
Devised Work Seminar:
ADDY Awards countdown: 2 hours.
Brace yourselves , there will be 33 Planiteers in attendance.
PATHETIC CNN/MSNBC just dodged a bullet by ROMNEY's graciousness NOT engaging w/WRIGHT scandal.
If u didnt wake up with a goal today..........go back to sleep, have a Wonderful Wednesday People!
Oh, we know some of the NASA hotties wink  have a thirstmoment they want to share!
for the addition.
How is the right foot doing?
Lol...wait, I think we made a bet huh didn't we?
nah I'm here.
lol i guess
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
One of my best  beautiful friends is getting married today in Canada at Niagra Falls!
I'm so sad I couldn't be there but so happy for them!
Okay, but still its CJs mommas bday  all  yet u cause him to GIDP?!?
U gotta lotta makin' up there...
Just sayin'...
Happy Halloween!
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game.
Anonymous
sharing how Verizon has an idea site and product group adopting those
RT : Courage is daring to take the first step, or a different path.
One of the best things about watching a game on TruTV,reality shows promos like Lizard Lick Towing, Operation Repo, and Hardcore Pawn.
im really feeling all your tweets today to bad i cant rt 
Mill's End want to remind everyone to use Light Rail, you save money and avoid traffic.
Be sure to attend our next show for free LR posters.
Its snowing, wtf?!
Why are American women so ashamed of their vaginas?
Every time I read about a botched vaginoplasty, I cry a little.
U think u can beat the Heat????
Fuc No Waka voice Lol RT : Swish in voice
Darrow would be smiling.
He was a real liveandletlive libertarian.
Great job on the boards by the
Nothing in her video ignores racism if you listen to it.
It is stating societal racism should be acknowledged.
starting what may be the fifth story I've heard this week on the twinning of Dull, Scotland and Boring, Oregon ....
Be on the look out for the new and improved website relaunch by the end of this week!!!
Thanks friend!!
xo
after 5 hours of sitting at a computer I finished my micro apps final.
id be so f'ed if I did this tomorrow during our 2 hour final block
nice!
How was it last night
Getting in an argument with Hannah Meldoctorm
See you then!
cc RT : good start to conf.
See u at the break?
Never again.
Celebration starts tonight RT Bacharach  David honored at White House tomorrow...what the world..needs now 
RT : Health costs 17 of our nat'l spending.
16 of US aren't covered.
Britain covers everyone for just 7 via
My favorite moment as a mother.
Son, here are the keys to the car, and here is the grocery list.
FTW!
someone come see 21 jump street with me...puhhhlease!
Two and a Half Men?
I watch dat.
Well I was going to get a water ice from ritas but the line is so long you'd think the smashbrothers were performing!
BoiseSOC Bieter on Franklin Park: We dont have an agreement yet, but Im committed to do all I can to make it happen.
Stay tuned.
Don't lie to your loved ones.
The truth hurts for a little while But lies hurt forever.
up at barraging the airwaves with
Officially unfollowing  I know most peeps in my feed love him, but he did nothing for Cleveland  never, ever showed up.
xD lmao!
oo i just buried my own grave lmao
You guys are the best.
Keep pushing innovation and the power of impossible thinking!
Are you watching The Bears Game, who's in the lead????
Sorry if I oversimplified your support for the right to be forgotten at GlobalINET
It's about to go down.
Getting in shape for the summer.
New membership, new music, new life, new body.
Lol.
Renewed faith!
no pizza for you...it's the weekend
bout to doctorp this new solo track Fuck Em something different I tried, you might like it and might not.
give me 15 mins!!
Sometimes seeing others happy becomes our greatest joy
Looking forward to meeting at Chi Chocolat!
Ditto!
RT More than anything, what I want is for someone to tell me at the end of each day, you've done enough.
I'm so busy.
Why do you hate me.
I'll be in New York at the end of the year and we can hangout then.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress Frederick Douglass
Nothing wrong with that.
Speaking at the Houston Public Library tonight at 6p!
RT Today is 11/11/11, so what did you do at 11:11:11, retweet what you did at 11 mins past 11 and 11 seconds!!
was it the end of the world?
Also, in 1995, Toy Story, the first fully computer animated film was released.
Agreed : This game has a weird feeling to it.
If no one was going to be traded before you get the vibe that someone will be now...
Guess whose back....it's Macau....back again!
Was a friend who doctorve me to doctornk.
I never had the courtesy to say thank you.
Thank you to our friends who have written recommendations on our Facebook Page.
You guys Roc!
Hello World It Feel Good 2 Be Back
not yet but people don't have a problem greying a signal
A little bummed out that I missed the ending of SNL last night.
YOURE THE HOTTEST EVERYBODY KNOWS; SAYSOMETHING BEST SONG EVER33
We've enhanced media distribution, but abundance makes us complacement w lack of local accountability journalism
Happy Birthday to one of the baddest bassers I know, !
If I haven't followed u back it's cuz I'm on following limit I will follow everyone back as soon as I can
Not the fruit of experience, but experience itself, is the end
Working on Sept 11 anniversary stories.
Hard to watch the video of the plane hitting the towers, and the people jumping.
Spring Break 2012: Time dedicated to becoming a better basketball coach.
me?
And angel?
blushes lol.
Love you too girl!
Yes!
So how have you been?
I'm going to have my 11 year old tryout for qb for the Colts
Mind of mystikal was a classic
I get it now.
Free food.
Free booze.
Free music.
Networking.
Thanks bro!
RT : Congratulations to for winning the All Grad Chapter stepshow in Atlanta.
Atsc Box Best Cheap Price: Check Out Sling Media Slingbox PRO ...
All of our newly remodeled guest rooms feature refrigerators and microwaves.
sorry man.
text me at 11:30 and maybe we can hang a little.
Pal pal.
My handbell group is performing my piece 'Cengkok' tomorrow.
Last performance until September.
US Full Tilt players have filed a class action lawsuit against just about anyone they could think of associated with Full Tilt.
Been MIA for 10 days...
good to be home and with the wife
I know somebody who might die off of McDonald
I dig the blog Hilary, great pics!
how fabulously amazing!!
Congratulations!
In other soccer news, has been thrown into the lions den as MLS' last representative in CCL.
Good luck Reds, hang w/Santos
too funny.
Enjoy the
I just finished some isometrics with resistance bands for fasttwitch muscle fibers.
The kinetic recoil made the muscles shake!
thx lol.
We're trying to see where the clicking noise is coming from when we record.
Who went and saw LIGHTS tonight in Houston?
;D
i.
Naomi.
works at a school
I'm thinking of writing scripts and skits.
I just need to find someone interesting to write about.
Someone brilliant.
Someone fearless.
goldie locks dude from the friday the 13 remake was in the bar tonight, plays that character in real life.
ily vampire weekend
still not syncing...this is another test :/
Tris, shoulders  chest on the menu today.
What are you working on?
Fuk idk wtf I want to do but I know what I do need to do smh guess I'm bout to get right with this shit
I cannot wait to go to your restaurant!
I live in New York so expect to see me there often :D
301999 Im the one in the professorle pic : xox
3/20 RR Night, well offer 2oz tasters of Younger, Elder, Damnation, 3 different Sours, Salvation, Redemption, Collaboration not Litigation
Our process is designed to walk through several key components each delivering a distinct strategic response.
Guess no one needs to ask who you're cheering for today?
Looking forward to the big game!!
I am the 18
Tina Fey or Amy Poehler should have won something tonight!
Just saying.
Happy Moms Day Everyone!
Celebrating w/ my Mom 2day!
:
shoutout to my girlfriend kimberly!
Happy Birthday Bitch ;
Girl, who is that ?
Stops twerkin
gotta rest every now  then ;
hii Liam we've missed u!
Hope u had a wondeful time 3
Now I'm super jealous.
I think I'll be stuck inside studying.
Maybe next week?
RT : Can't wait for all of the fresh produce tomorrow morning starting at 8.
Looking forward to a walking waffle!
I hate digging through File 13.
Akamy trash can.
Check me out on Thursday's TheOffice at 9pm EST/PST!
Playing the pharmacist.
Don't blink or you'll miss it.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
Nobel Prize winner Anatole France.
I followed!
:
I'm pretty good.
: Had two good things already happen and it is only morning.
How are you?
Thanks for the suggestion!
Do you know any places in NOLA accepting donations for tornado victims?
There is no better way to earn money than to do the things that you love to do.
Abraham
So homesick my heart hurts.
Heading out to for a business meeting and set up!
Just a few hours till we're live!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
Switching up sessions now at the Unconference, talking about Tiles and what to do with them.
Are you following us on Twitter yet?
We love our Tweeps!
i hit her up tho.
not so much now tho..
but i did.
The Movie Sensei believes that Pirates of the Caribbean 4 and Transformers 3 will be competing for the biggest box office in Summer 2011...
thanks Mike!
Trying to bring it home for Cleveland!
In Syracuse ready to see a 'Cuse beat down on Seton Hall.
Sorry, new Best Coast, you're way too snoozy for late afternoon desk listening.
If you are reading this tweet right now: Have a wonderful morning and a spectacular day.
No matter what you're doing!
Another productive day at with our awesome new intern
well thanks, I heart y'all as well
Enjoy!
Mutter Museum is one of the best places in all of Philadelphia.
Check the gift shop, it's sweet.
you follower....
Ah , just a little bit , x
porsche owners  oil change coupon in ypompanobeach.com from apwerks
LOL dude in tinychat named h0rnydoctorid.
then he left.
im ugly.
A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
About 2 in.
on Phinney Ridge.
Cab almost spun out in front of house, other 4x4s going up the hill w/ ease.
Working late tonight, need coffee
Will someone buy me a white Mercedes SUV?
I will love ya forever :
Wrote copy until 12:30, last night.
Clearly, I am up too early.
Been getting schooled on craft beers in the wild by w the nola  st.
Louis crew at 50/50 Liberty Station.
Thanks again Frank for the
Living on an unpaved road.
I smell like doughnuts?
that's pretty funny, olbermann is a joke compared to maher
Omg I can't wait until we done with school but on the up side im in my favorite teacher class rather than someone who shall be nameless
Are ya'll ready for my letter that sums up the entire college basketball season?
It won't be as long as you'd think.
Are you ready?
....8
I hate when I'm not taken seriously, but then I like being underestimated.
you are gorgeous 3 and i would like to get intoxicated with you :
yeah my nigga
Maybe it's time we give away a Thermostat!
We've hit 200 likes Thanks to everyone for the support!

bout that time to
follow me bro
it would be a beautiful bday gift to be tbagged by the Bar
STAR astrology Mercury aligned with sect in favor when rises before Sun in day chart, rises after Sun in night chart.
Well the outcome is going to be, regardless.
That much is certain.
LOL!
Aw...GOTTA love em : RT : My model is ruining my photo shoot.
Lol ugh sisters....
crossing fingers.
RT : studio now.
focus
this rain is killing my plans.
I was going surfing tomorrow...dang runoff might make it unsafe.
How are you?
Great I hope.
screw you guyz, okay, just leave...
gahhh
What does FCPA stand for?Finally Caught Pinching the Assets
IG comm.
team: Call for you Bailey.
: No, it's just my phone telling me to take my Fuse out of the freezer.
Seeing thelyons next week with
totally made my half day xD
Retweet this post if you LOVE our mac'n'cheese!!
362: The only plans I had for this vacation involved pajamas and relaxation, and I'm thankful I got a whole bunch of both today.
lifting waits or eating at mcdonalds?
Argh.
May Day postponed, folks: MT Due to poor weather, we have decided to POSTPONE MayDay2012 til Sun May 13.
Pls help spread word!
Nice tweeting w/you during smsportschat.
Another great discussion.
RT : Fit Tip: It's national walking day!
Schedule one in during your lunch break or this evening.
1st person i go to 4advice...RT : I need your advise..
I have a job interview tom..
Any last min prep suggestions?
Everyone is talking  the movie, Horrible Bossess.
I have to ask, do you think men or women make better bosses?
Just finished working up my onesheet for a writer's conference in June!
I am so totally stoked!
Art class
: You think the Lakers will get past OKC?
Yes.
They are my team.
I have faith.
is there a full moon or something?
you are so a Jennifer!
:
I love that after 5 yrs of marriage, date night now means eating tons of garlicky food and falling asleep on the couch before 10.
I feel like the water at Starbucks is damn good, and free.
Im from the GO...'!!!
Eeeaahhh
my dog ran away.
: I miss him already.
I'm Sorry But No Other Band Can EVER Compare To Big Time Rush.
Not Even 1D.
It's Juss A Fact
nice tweet there clev!
That's the hang of it!
What Makes Games Like 39;Angry Birds39; So Addictive?
Who's going out tonight?
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Last day of no coffee.
See y'all on the dark side.
Where is the Jewish cmnty on TrayvonMartinMurder?
why does the Jewish cmnty suppress that Zimmerman is Jewish?
Tonight at 6:30p we're hosting the Leveraging Location Based Services in your Biz preso by
Jealous in not there!
Charlotte does Mutemath right!
Ihop In A Little With
Keep waiting then lmao
Caramel Machiotto....
It was extra strong yesterday....
Lol
lol naw..
jus ur  name and ur bio ..i expected to see sum..Feel free to post dem doe
MY SHINY TEETH THAT SPARKLE, ADDN' BEAUTY TO MY FACE RT MY SHINY TEETH THAT TWINKLE JUST LIKE THE STARS IN SPACE
King Diamond is one of the most creative and original metal acts ever.
There is nothing remotely close.
Watch hw yo try carry it
Thanks for following doctor Miller!
long exposure  so much emotion
sorry hey :
finally finished time to put some clothes on.
Pictures shortly
so frickin excited for revenge!!
trying not to hear any spoilers from the east coast!
got alot done on our routine :
open christmas eve til 7pm!
closed christmas day, back to business friday!
Really not looking forward to leaving tomorrow.
i did the original twitter size so if it look weird dont worry some one else would see it better or maybe u can too
Very true.
This would only work for specific alum.
Another PKD score today: first PB edition of Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said.
Semidistressed cover, alas, but only 3 bux.
tony hawk likes to look longingly at satalite dishes while holding his deck.
travis pastrana trys crazy spinning moto tricks.
they rule.
i just found out is coming to Tucson!
i have to see him!!!
I haven't brought my binder to school in like 2 months...
Whoops lol.
I love that I'm working patio this morning its gorgeous outside!
RT : Hooray, the sun's back out after morning showers in Honolulu.
Waikiki surf 12 ft w/occasional waisthigh sets.
Get wet!
So I caught all eight trips in the 5p hour here on the UPWest Line.
Was a very fun 43 minutes, nothing out of the ordinary.
Time for work :/
My ebay order shipped from Yorba Linda, Ca supposedly to Topanga, Ca but went thru Honolulu 1st.
No wonder the USPS in nearly bankrupt.
It's the big yellow signed building with songs for sale inside, but if you're in New York  I don't know.
You are AWESOME!
tks for the kind mention :
My boyfriend gave me a poptart to take to work so I could have dinner.
At least the doctornks are cheap!
Access at a Cont'd Q: When was the last time that the public was in here?
A:Never, except for employees...
crack head thieves.
What Heavy D died ????
Smh
Stayed there 'til they forced us out And took the long way to your house I can still hear the sound of you sayin don't go
mister Darey: yells to class hey would you guys be offended if Esley took her pants off to sleep?
Class: No.
Me: lmao thanks :'
i followed now c'mon, follow or DM me please.
3 :
YAY YOU FOLLOWED ME:D
thanks doll.
Hosting Costume contest tonight so gotta get ready.
Repurposed some stuff will post pix.
Is it time for producers to start rewriting wire copy?
THE ANSWER IS YES.
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight, just a touch of the fire burning so bright.
3
careless and carefree are almost opposites...caring is the only way to feel carefree.
We get out at 10:20 today  this school pointless
If Martin is backing away, the conflict is doctorwing down.
No reason to shoot him.
water acts as a natural appetite suppressant.
the more water you doctornk, the less cravings you'll get for those bad foods you love
Pretty cool no?
Like how the kids love the flavor and think it is cool to eat local beef.
Talk about savoring place.
listening again!
My favorite song!
SaySomethin love you Austin!!
y not?
long is our middle name!
yes it has been a while Sorry!
Great marketing meeting with !!
The OSM sale ends tonight at midnight.
Use the code PIH for 10 off all items in the store while the show Pregnant in Heels is on Bravo now!
I agree with the outrage re Trayvon, but what about all of the other black males killed every day in our country?
gmail got a facelift...
i am kinda digging it
If you can't hang then there's the door baby.
Waiting for the weekend:
I am a brave young woman.
So different than my first solo apartment in Tempe.
Made doctorve from Phx to kill a roach!
Spam makes twitter suck
Requirements for renewable portfolio should be eliminated because it is too costly says Kintigh
Cameron told Latrice I'm not seeing the family resemblance, ya'll look like friends in a Tyler Perry movie!!!
Hahahahahahahahaha
SWEET!
There's a Dogg Haus by UWM now!
Play ball
Manning Signing To The Broncos??
That's Cool And All, But Where Is Tebow Gonna Play?
I Thought The Broncos Were Gonna Ride With Him...
Hmm..
Is 's gonna be at the Kohl's thing tomorrow??!?!?!?!
They are so cute!
the music video sucked pipi's, actually.
Sending prayers up now for you and your family!
So we're visiting Atl  my son sees one of his favorite rappers at Central Station  asked to take a pic  he disses him.
i wish the length of my phone charger was endless.
oh man.....
we are screwed!
Aye thar Halo 4 comes out 11/6 do, my brothers gonna be ballin online wit me?
it was so relaxing!
the water was perfect!!
Lovin it!!
We just watched the demo video.
Lots of oohs and aahs in the office just now!
Thanks, found it.
So you use it to add keywords for more accurate searches of/organize your own files, right?
Every year I get all my equipment for football with my number and then I have to change my number.
It's getting ridiculous.
Something as simple as an emergency blanket and a poncho for only a few 's could save your your life on the trail.
Who wants to coown ?
: tweet me.
obama hopes I'm more angry about what Mitt Romney does with his money than what Barack Obama does with mine.
My mom and I would love to meet you.
I had a book signing at the Autism Speaks event  Soldier Field last year and it was a blast.
That awkward moment when you accidently text the wrong person, and the wrong person is next to you because your on a date with them lol.
I was born to be who um gonna be...
Practice practice practice!
had lifesaver gummies for dinner!
Good morning everyone have a great Thursday
insert el grito here
Some people just expect way too much from others
TheThingIHateMost is dey love you when your doing good, but no where around when your doing bad.
Looking cute today last!
All my life I knew that there was all the money you could want out there.
All you have to do is go after it.
: so are you guys the same as  We are the same family of restaurants, this promotion is only for Clayton
are you making magical moments yet, or what?
Im finna do mister Reynolds test..
RT : Good for you!
Happy New Year, Marla!
Listening to some good relaxing music.
Going to bed..goddnight.
I have ordered 4 things online the past two weeks.
I have received 0 things at my door.
New game: how many times they say keep me posted in 24 Hours in each episode.
Vegas observation 2: The Gideon Bible is nowhere to be found in this hotel room.
Um..
You might have been right.
I didn't ask why
thanks!
Never know maybe we both will work together!!!
I wouldn't be opposed to having those fucking Swedes cloning me.
That way that fucker can wake up early.
I love watching weird people flirt
Okay RSA paper.
You can't hide from your destiny forever.
You will be written.
Clarification  1000 if you set the new event record,only one prize per race
Use all the analytics in social media to develop relationships and keep the buzz going.
Nichols says look at capacity of student before deciding on inclusion.
Love you Chris, your show rules!!!!!!
Hope to get up tonight!!
Someone call me 
Want to try something new?
Come down to the Baltimore Burger Bar to try the B's Easter Bunny Chef's Special made with brown butter rabbit!
I am right with you.
Disney geek!
Love it.
That is a truly amazing line up
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal.
My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Louis Pasteur
Why do people continue to talk to you after you ignore them or look like you're not interested?
If I have yet to look up, just shut up!
Ha!
Yes.
I was more thinking he'd like the replicas of smalltown America
Social networking, combined with great content is how we are going to make this work.
Please pass along to your friends.
Going to a TNA show just to hold a sign that says Go watch Superstars and see if it gets on TV.
Have a Smoshing day Smodcaster and an awesome Smoonear!!
see ya in 2012 !!
TEAM BIEBER IS BEAST!!!!!
:D
make that a shoulder replacement and we're golden : : Gearing up for my knee replacement at age 30 RetiredAthlete
Hey!!
Here's a  for you
what up brahh
RT I would've never won this MVP without 's refs.
Thanks for the help sir!
I've got a good guess :
File not found.
Should I fake it?

Right, too bad the eclipse didn't happen in Atlanta, where we're shooting.
Maybe something in post.
We will have Buffalo and BBQ.
Korean BBQ Marinated will be on next week.
Rallying in spirit with westchester library advocates in Albany today....
Group discounts available for upcoming shows perfect for junior high n below age 6145057 for info
Morning filled with paper work.
I have initialed  signed so many pages in the past few days my inits and sig are starting to look funny.
S/o to my newest follower
via : Sarah Thomas from Bodley Library is up  will the library become obsolete?
No, tonight it's PacersMagic, then the ThunderMavs.
Spurs play the Jazz at noon tommorow.
Brian just threw down the fastest lap yet!
Get down here to Conlon's on Abbott and see if you can beat it!
w/ and
awww thanks Neal.
I like it too.
I just hope people make it that far :
I'm 1 follow away from 100!
Help a brotha out people!!
i wish would notice me ;O
went to sleep  yes.
so sorry.
have a great day!
hell yeah.
RT : Discouraged by the growing gap between those who use technology and those who develop it.
You can do it!
your nuts
Brewers game 4 tonight.
I'm 12 on the year.
you know I want in.
don't keep me out.
Oh how I'd rather be in Nashville right now3
me too.
:o I'm home alone every day though for hours on end.
/:
All the tunes that iTunes ate are now downloading to my phone.
Thank you iCloud!
Bob Nash says he's changing best practices to pretty darn good practices in deference to
Lebron To Miami GO HEAT
you rock.
lol.
thanks!
Glad to be back!
Really?
That's strange on at least 3 levels.
But great!
He Who Opens A School Door, Closes A Prison.
by Victor Hugo
I love shopping but not for others.
Stupid
I wonder if it violates ethics rules if it's not clearly labeled as parody?
Paula Deen, Guy Fieri  other chefs in DC November 56  DC Convention Center
what did you buy?
8 and.0 half and or final.
reminder
No it's don't let the door hit you where mother nature split you !
Started at 1st week freshman year.
Today's the last episode.
It's the defining aspect of college for me.
Great people/memories.
Always remember you can do anything with God if you ain't got no one else but God you already a winner
I don't change my mind .
I fell in love with this guy.
And I never stopped loving him
when was UW ever truly relevant?
and they've got just as much talent if not more and still couldn't get the w.
NO I won't be in Pittsburgh for Beach House at mister Smalls!
Fail!
yes, definitely!
Great phrase...you're on the right track!
Or good singers.
Quick Hits: iPhone Feature May Have Helped Husband Uncover Cheating Wife In today's Quick Hits, tracking technology helps uncove
thanks for the mention.
We need to meet up!
Or any of us?
RT : So how long til you have to represent yourself?
RT : Maggie Myers, Esq.
I was so confused as to why I'm following a black girl
come to Miami!!
LV in July?
i goott it.
I'm off work for the weekend!
Hoping to hear some exciting stories from everyone on Monday.
1 big school, full of fake bitches;
Live life for the moment because everything else is uncertainLouis Tomlinson
4.
Facebook o Twitter?: emm , los dos:
OMG THOMAS TWEETED YOU!!!!!
xD
Nice effort by C.J.
Fair.
I NEED ANOTHER JUG OF WILD KOOLAID.
CHILICHEESE FRIES WIT WINGS.
BRANDLIFE LUNCH...FWM
your a great dancer i wish i could dance like you xoxoxoxoxoxox  Trysten love you
what was it you saw in your talent scouting that indicated that the Angels looked like one of the best teams in Arizona ST?
You might also follow as he is new to the Twitter and tweets cool stuff about Victorians and George Eliot.
Oneonta, NY peeps: i'ma be in town tonight.
i'm being interviewed on 90.9 WONY FM!
Starting to dig into 's dhdebates and looking forward to the release of the nonstatic online version.
Home made ravioli tonight!
Wish me luck.
8.7mi in 1:20.
Guess that's ok having had an exhausting week and not running in over a week.
i want to jump on the color block bandwagon!
aint nobody better its just a word with definition
Thanks to ,the other local businesses,  volunteers that participated in the LocalUnderground Tent Party.
Cheers!
Oh, now i get it.
You'll be fine.
Yay so happy to see The Foo Fighters win!
I hear the rumblings of a Scalabrine chant in the 300 level.
Now?
Really?
REALLY?
cc:
And when you say a prayer make sure you say In Jesus name.
bEsT nIgHt EvEr..
Office Hours.
The addoctorss where I can be reached today: America's Most Beloved Ballpark, 4 Yawkey Way, Boston, MA 02215.
Apple store  hell
In other news, I'm making a sandwich right now because I figured if I'm going to act like a bitch I can get treated like one.
STREETS.
Happy Friday Luvvs :
Neither!
I'll post em soon as someone takes them.
Why the fuck am i mean to you?!
what are you guys up to this weekend?!?
ha, good question.
RT : What've you heard about SD that you've always wanted checked out?
Any urban legends?
Let us know  we'll fact check!
I need beauty.
Tips: I miss u:
'The Kinetik Tour' with  will be kicking off this Spring!
He looking at other who n talking about them why im on the phone....lol lol ooohhhhhhkkkaaayyyyy
you need to do an Friday Fives.
You know you're at a college when you find a box of condoms in the parking lot...
awkward.
haha
ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch THIS HASHTAG!!!
bowtie spins so fast that i zip off into space, end up marrying a satellite
I would send her a picture of my d and bubble gum and say chew on this haha that shit was funny
Follow us on Instagram keyword: kinetikmetal.
After hearing lil boosie daughter speak bout making money with her daddy.....Obama needs to make this education a top priority lol
LOL I'll trade u an original piece for a rosary.
12 hour shift tomorrow!
Bring it on weekendscloser 

Sum of u chicks standards 2 high better leave that high maintenance shyt 4chilly cuz yo ass finna stay single
It's all fun and games until your radio station starts playing Phil Collins.
A9: Part 2: Been part of or facilitated discussion of news company structure as it affected our ability to innovate, seize future.
Summer 2012.
Get here.
Like now.
when a boy writes off the world it's done with sloppy misspelled words if a girl writes off the world it's done in cursive.
Kicking off bots, trolls, and bisexual college female types.
so I'm right.
right?
it goes in the vault
RT : Happy Thursday!
The juice bar's Brew doctor kombucha offerings today are Superberry and Clear Mind.
Me too!
Bought it last night at Target, along with Curious George DVD, and a water squirter for the little man.
sure no problem
LOL  wait until you have only 25 days left...the freak outs are much more often.
Eek!
Im so proud of myself , fuck everybody else 
Saw retired space shuttle at JFK.
So cool.
But do I have a pic?
Ah, no.
i assume he's retaining trudy's water in sympathy.
No one have a great love like Him, thanks Jesus!.
yobitv Nice  twitter search box on the YOBI Live page is back up and running.
Thank you !
You da man
Sharp cheddar, strawberries and popcorn too.
I was raised right.
White guy can't dunk coincidence?
I think not
Can somebody PLEASE explain to me WHY Tf I'm here!
honestly I don't know why!
wow those people who u think are ur freinds arent and they gonna be fake 2 me
Staios trade was announced on a Jamie MaClennan fake twitter account.
It fooled more people than it should have
Genres are dumb anyway.
I know what I like, and I should be smart enough to come up with better descriptions.
new youtube videoo in a bitt!
please share it view it and send me feed backk on it
Somethings are best unsaid...note to self.
rt Reasons people book home parties: Inviting friends over/entertaining, free stuff, showing off their home.
IM COMING HOME HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVER!!
Products doctorpping in LA and Miami!
More cities to be added soon
he has no choice the people want him out.
finally found midi cable, i.e.
music break...
Was his Jersey Shore name Salt n Peppa?
sure i can do it wat u want edited
YOLO All Week!
henschells just jealous cause he's slow and i snatched his pillow before he could catch me
DEAdoctornk every afternoon.
tonight was weak..
i have to take things in to my own hands.
Eagles got Steve Smith too?
it's ready for more of your help.
:
thats a good thing!
no work today?
thank god for mlk day!
FF some of tech and media's most influential
News flash, no one likes you.
room before I punch u in the fucking face.
Thanks Jim Hick and RCS Sports for helping these kids further their education.
That's what this is really about.
go to college
Looking forward it!!
RT Chicago!!
Tonight  Congress Theater w/
It's not really voting if only one person is voting.
is the name The doctorsden Dolls a V C Andoctorws, Flowers in the Attic reference?
...or intimation.
i doctoramt that there was a dinosaur in my room tryna steal my gummy bears and then i got them back but then woke me up
8.
A scarf is your greatest prop, aside from a cold beer.
Find it The scarf not the beer.
way to put a positive spin on it.
You are clearly a great mom
The bus smells like ass
Surely you meant PM, no?
AM would be ridiculous...
We love your magazine!
You should definitely add your twitter link to your FB professorle!
: Glad to be in touch!
Bet espn won't say anything good about this game.
They need to get off the heat.
I applied for a job at starbucks and they said they would call me back next week.
Please can I get this job!!!
Dislocated right patella.
oh crap sorry bout that..
im a little out of it today
It's comments like that MJ tried to get away from.
he was not white, and was aquitted of molesting childoctorn.
Three in a row!
just have to clean my weapons and then it's finally gym time :D
a night on the town is in order!
How's your sched this week?
There is a Mac Mini somewhere in my room, and I can't find it.
did you really?
i woulda never guessed!!: u have so many:
What's the from Khan section?
Need us to adjust anything?
Sox up 10 ...
must have left in the 4th inning
It's hard to soar like an eagle in a world full of turkeys ;
Working on Visuals for tomorrows show  Kung Fu Necktie
; if Twitter is killing us then Guy Kawaski is leading the death march :
Trying to add some posts...but, I'm so distracted by the beautiful day outside.
; 
haha I'll have a marathon ton and catch up
Forever attracting gay guys at clubs that say I'm SLAMMINNNNN
Thanks for the follow!
Hope your Friday is going well.
Bryan
Dammit Play Fangala.
I won't doctornk tweet my request a second time.
j.k.
I very well might.
Downtown LA law firm is seeking a Litigation Secretary with substantive calendaring experience.
Strong Word and CMECF experience required.
polar bears enjoy heavy dubstep beats while eating eskimo b
...
still THE no1 closer in my book!
Starting in Jan., We will be fulltime!
That means lots more information, strategies, and concepts to help you build your internet business!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF MYWORLDTOUR !!
I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUC
Think I will start playing the lottery more often!
I like having my doctorams smashed because I didn't pick the right numbers!
I find it odd that 100 people will like some nonsense about pop stars, and pay no attention to common sense about our own lives.
you found us out!!
Good stuff our Merch Co.
Called in IT support
RT : We don't have a county library and our city library is funded by our public school system.
We need a bookmobile!
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans
The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers.
John Egan
I was just in South America.
Dang it!
I miss everthing
What a nice thing to say.
:
The pandora line at the mall tho ....
All the mothers want it
Cool Whip, Nutella, and strawberries.
3 of my fav things.
Such a simple dessert to make.
You should try it :
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!
From our crazy family to yours....
Super Lockman Service locksmith is best in town for he's services and products they act very fast..........
congrats.
is promotion in the air?
It's kind of sad how much I love Mark Ruffalo.
I want to be happy...
DA says: Man accused of sitting in passenger seat while 10year old son doctorve had blood alcohol level nearly three times legal limit.
Missing my girl like crazy this morning :/
Excited to see Wilson, Holland, and Colby hit!!
thanks for the follow!!
Looks like we're both doing Insanity!!
I got some hot clothing coming soon.
Cleveland craft show was with great people and really good crafts this year.
Those cinnamon rolls from the school cafeteria were amazing.
317am.
Martini shot was called.
Hugs.
Cut.
Print!
Run home plug in download convert render wait meditate
it's my friday!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Once a Mahomie always a Mahomie!!!
I hear yu
Twitter hug right back and happy early Mother's Day!
A1: or everyone can come over to my place, and we'll have a disaster party
how's it hanging bro
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that..
then wrap your arms around them.
sextip
We'll be talking about our favorite celebrity couples on our special Valentine's Day show next week!
Who's your favorite celebrity couple?
Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal owns 7 of News Corp.
So FOREIGNERS own itJust thought I'd mention it since they never do.
I try too, I don't get a chance because I have classes and homework and shit.
End of the semester ill be on alot again
If i die tommorow, make sure austin and justin knows my love them 3
It's raining.
u r everything that is wrong with business owners.
I'm going where Peyton goes.
The obstacle is the path.
LOL wow.
I love Conwy Castle, it's my favourite of the Welsh lot.
Oh thank God I got rid of these foreign weird ass followers.
They keep popping up!
I keep blocking them.ahh!
I consider the whole crew Fam!
Were all in this together!
AOE 
siblings can be so similar, or they can be complete opposites.
Going commando makes me feel naughty
Never had Jamaican, I bet is zesty and sassy.
Couldn't believe there was five fights tonight at the venue where I played.
if you didn't see Hurt Locker yet that another must see
bobbessss on twitters
Mom: okay im goin to my friends for a bit, check on the food and make sure it dont burn.
Me: okay.
Me:Fuck!....
Wow!
Such a beautiful sunrise!
Sun, the Sandias and snow.
Be safe and have a great day!
An NBA game that is 4330 at the HALF???
That's what we've got with ORLCLE tonight.
No Howard.
No Kyrie.
I love rednecks at starbucks...
i want a caffay lattey and gimme oneuh demdare biguns
Not going to be doing anything for five weekends straight.
Fuck baseball, and fuck this shit.
I'm pissed
Saw President Obama on the View today.
That was actually fun to watch.
Nobody freaked out  nobody talked over him.
doctorving back home  heard the most horrible song!
Sounded like a cartoon robot girl w max auto tune something like she can't love u better
we would love to have you as a volunteer .
Stay tune for more info in May re: volunteering
WordWars is not something I can go to sleep to.
My OCD is triggered and I'm just as obsessed as they are!
doctoramchaser 2 if u ain't got get it
so you ever hear of the
if you're at the venue please tell us where to stand for the line please and thank you
I also understand the importance of good internal controls.
yawwwwnn just woke upp :D everybody having a good day
right on I'll hot you up tomorrow then!
Well if you have time I would be happy to buy you lunch or something shake the hand o my fav candidate
Lol maybe it might be for buying a moped scooter and doctorving that around instead of a car.
Sike lol
Reminder  LV Blvd.
shut down between Flamingo  Mirage due to implosion.
Back to school today .
NO .
Thumbs down
please say something to me :
no bitch E
When's your favorite time to come to Maguire's?
Today was just one of those days where nothing can seem to go right.
Goodnight.
How dare you talk about the tin man like that!
I'm falling in love with you, balloons or no balloons.
Day ruined, no baseball today, so I guess I'm playing tomorrow
The fogs getting thicker!
And Leon's getting larger!
QUICK!
someone send help!
now he's listening to the soundtrack to Oh brother where art thou  singing along!!
It feels so good to turn in my JMS480 PRproposal to !
Perfect or not, my 1st proposal is a huge accomplishment!
ThxTeam 4thework!
a market dominated by most of the players in surveillance doing SDI.
Good twitter clients display what the tco links to, but does not do multiple levels if that is a bitly, isgd...
wow, beautiful day out today..
this whole summer thing is turning out to be pretty cool
Porters pub...
RT Lets Follow for Hepatitis information and community..!!
:
Your new DJ should be He's appealing to the right audiences  keeping the Crowd hyped at all times.
do you do the weather on a green screen or is there some kind of new sweet technology?
I was a green screen pro in college.
Thank you for the follow!
Always looking forward to more!
i guess 1st step is admitting you have a problem i just cry and laugh at random moments.
i cant control it.
Baaah Meeeeah To My New Followers 
The guy next to me just ate a toothpick!
That music always round me, unceasing, unbeginning,/ yet long untaught I did not hear...
Walt Whitman
Good thing my Twitter notifications woke me up because my alarm clock didn't
ah sorry, ma : I hated when I had Michael doctorams like that
Wow I really miss seattle.
This damn touch screen uggh anyway point is I miss good music wit bangin ass beats that ride out but make think or wanna get ur shit rite
they must not know a GREAT VOICE when they hear one.
Hahaha thanks.
I appreciate that.
Yes, got in just as the Chicken Shack music came on.
It's a Christmas miracle!
Wish I could see Monroe Park and the Fan right now.
Someone tweet some pics.
It's super windy, but so sunny and mild out!
The sunshine has me thinking of iced tea!
I've got spring fever here in Chicago!
holy smokes!
I haven't been on twitter in FOREVER well and this saturday...
WOOT :D
I like cold....
Important step 4 Sharing Economy!
Congrats Bill enabling personal car sharing just passed in WA Senate
I must give a shout out once again to two friends who have helped me the most with this project.
and Talented dudes.
Don't trust anybody
your a model nao ?
Y U NO TELL ME ??
lol
Thank you for the support!
You're the cutest thing on this side of the world
haha be carefully what u say!
Remember I am ur daughter lol
I can actually see my breath this morning.
Maximum complexity as all eyes are on Merkel speech today for signs of warming to the new moneyprinting mantra as only way out for Europe.
I forgot ii had all these old songs on my acer..
just a second i gotta tweet this
Found a surprise on my car.
Pretty sweet.
You are 10 seconds ahead of me.
Might have to unfollow.
Mobile version of anything is way, less complicated then the website version
You may blame me if you wish.
YES I DO WANT IT!
Give it to me Friday.
I'll try to remember the tamagotchi itself...
thank you: how are you doing?
Call the Adult Literacy Hotline at 800.321.9511 to find a GED preparation program near you.
I think it is a lot more fighting happens some crazy studd goes on
I think Kobe doesn't realize the help that he has.
He doesn't need to do everything for them to win.
You wake up early did you see my band featured on
The lemon is key with asparagus.
delicious thanks for the tips.
I made it tonight for dinner.
i'm more tired today than i was yesterday.
how is this possible?!
it might be a double dose of coffee kind of morning.
TerrificTuesday have a fantastic day :
haha isn't that the truth!
I 3 Usher, but he shit the bed on his Today show performance.
Using my 2,8O2 Tweet to Say !!!!
Goodnight Tweeps .
Monday means luau night !
Come on by for some ono poi, kalua pig and more!
really?
Haha when??
Are you going to RioSocial June 19?
Yeah hiring like crazy bro.
You should apply!
Bless you mighty man
siri is garbage right now
I could listen to the song rolling stonethe weeknd over  over and still not get tired of it 
Houston Oilers had some nice uniforms.
OK, that should be Off and not Odd!
LOL.
I think USekC!
Or it can be customized for each ofc environment.
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, but you will always end up where you were meant to be.
I'll have to remember that one.
I cut thru Manchaca to Kyle, then took 35 to SM.
Thanks for the chat!
Way to go NFC West!
I fell asleep 4 times in 10 minutes
I need a smartphone, I'm seeing QR codes everywhere!!!!
You're very welcome!
We had great weekends here, hope yours was pleasant as well :
: 'Good' is the enemy of 'Great.' We don't need to be perfect, just better than the norm.
I saw a wood paneled station wagon and was scared that I traveled back in time to 1989.
If so, I should soon be able to buy Crystal Pepsi.
thank u Syracuse!
I can sleep tonight
All u ALA10 peeps left me in DC  the temps doctorpped 15deg!
Off to Natl Mus of Amer Hist this am
We're going to give away some tickets today, friends.
How you feel about that!?
Every time I see 's Twitter handle, I think it's pumped UP librarian and picture her with huge muscles.
Is that weird?
Ready for fights tonight!!!
was very
Where are the parents in all these childoctorn's lives?
Real talk
We're blushing.
Thanks you!
RT : OH GOD EXFM APP IS JUST SO GOOD.
Hahaha it's all good ma
so we livin life like a video when sun is always out......
and you never get old and the champagnes always cold..
Are u Follown M e????
maybe they'll open an r  d center in Israel?
thank you my friend!
Have a great weekend
Just got the G1 instead of the iPhone.
I love this this phone.
U read my mind : Glee has to be the most horrible show on this Earth.
I'd rather pull out my armpit hair w/tweezers...
I can't tell if I'm any younger yet but I'm starting to feel better  somewhat stronger
Get out of my head!
Going there next weekend for brunch.
Champagne in the restrooms!
RT doctornkss
i died laughing when i saw this.
my dad was like ...
wtf ?
I told everyone not to get there hopes up bc you never no what could happen.
Tell me why my mom goes to the store for ONE thing and comes back an hour later with the truck filled with stuff
Who do u think is strong enough to win missworld ?India or Venezuela ?will these countries ever win their 6th crown?
sometimes i feel like walking around with a name tag that says Let me solve your MarCom problems
Screw the issues.
I'm voting for the candidate I'd much rather spoon.
do u watch ustream last night??
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!
people expect realtionships to last like years,?
like no were in middle school ; we aint gonna marry them .
RT : Tonight the voters of NC bravely threw themselves under the steamisterller of history.
Thanks!!!
I'm so excited about it.
Hope you are enjoying Boston.
Wish you could come camp and party w/us this weekend.
I can't watch tv if nobody Bring Back Ringer
If the key to effective communication is simplicity, why are infographics so popular?
Just heard an ice cream truck playing La cucaracha  um, gross?
I just bought a Cthulhu salt cellar from
Thank you!!
3
If your going to be in a relationship why cheat, your only going to be hurting yourself in the end...
Swag, got a lot of it....
Thanks babe 33 Youre the best friend I could have c: I LOVE YOOU
Flew in to Tampa to cast for a commercial flying out the same day!
Fear doesnt exist anywhere except in the mind.
Dale Carnegie
A chicken finger sub and a super sexy man to sit naked and write this paper for me, while I stare at him.
.
is putting on a festival of fun actions during NATO.
Peaceful Awakening is Possible!
haha.
I would have to.
I was using duel fireballs and ice.
Didn't work.
Gotta stock up on potions.
SMH
Tragic.
How old would she be today?
What felled her?
Anyone got a PS3 and the game Burnout Paradise?
there are just so many things wrong with this tweet.
I cannot wait to see who follows you because of it ;p
fun night last night....thats for sure..work from 114...then not real sure
Indy restaurants: Which of you offer cooking classes for small groups?
We're creating a database and we want you on it!
Reply
can you please please follow me!!!
RT have never made a beat I didn't like.
They had this 1 horrible joint...oh wait that wasn't them.
hmm still thinking.
follow me
The Tim Tebow show ends today.
running around in circles for the hell of it
Morning workout :
Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction  Antoine de SaintExupery
I wonder if he ever thinks thinks of me3
: : StudioLyfe is boomin right now!
Doing work cuz???
Yeahh.
Been super busy!
What's up with u?

My heart skips a beat, when I see you3
welcome to
Oh Pinterest, you soothe my soul so.
I still feel like something is missing this year, like the Raiders annual top ten pick of a mid round prospect.
We miss u Al.
That is a very valid concern!
YourSexIsWeak if im not sore later on .
idk what i would do without my laptop or my ipod.
they're basically my life.
I'm in the same boat follower wise!
Our Bourbon Trail tour with Mint Julep Tours was pretty awesome!
Always follow your doctoram!
:
Stoked for Jeff Mangum tonight!
:
Dancing to Break Free by Hillsong United live in Miami at home while I wash clothes.
havingfun!
: The International Monetary Fund says Nigerias economic growth remains strong.
Let's go COWBOYS!!
nw the Cross Fit Games.
Fitness robots...
this is awesome 
Justice Department makes first arrest in BP oil spill case; exengineer accused of obstruction of justice.
beautiful jewelry!
what the fuck is star wars day lol
Playing kingdoms of amalur reckoning and its great best RPG ever played can't wait for the DLC
Yo females funny.
Few things brighten my day more than reading an email where a potential NCAA violation is admitted.
if having 5,6 7 year olds in k class counts, then I've qualified 4 multiage classrooms a few times n my career.
Hey, when you've got a hankering...
Washing clothes is a doctorg man....
Guys, relax, Jason Russell was probably just filming a bit for Jackass 4.
Also, see: Ad Hominem.
Dance like nobody's watching.
Love like you've never been hurt.
Sing like nobody's listening.
Live like it's heaven on earth.
My BMI checks looking more and more like income tax checks!!
There's much to be greatful for.
I miss you more!
3
HEY TIFFANY.
When are you bringing me the gauges?
o:
Lol that and well I need to understand it.
lick everything you see
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
What is your favorite comfort food?
Thanks for following!
Come in and see us sometime!
hm...
its 1:52 I should probably go to sleep lol..
Good night everyone!
its the same as any other game.
play it the same.
if u do it any other way ur screwed.
So much laundoctor.
My favorite way to spend the afternoon
are u gonna ask her out on a date?
Fine with me as long as u r payin!
Write what shooting the finale episode of One Tree Hill felt like.
Justin, GET.
IN.
MY.
BED.
It's time to Salsa!
See you at Madoctorgall tonight!
Madoctorgall Martini Bar  1627 Oak KCMO
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL....
HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY SO HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE 
super boring day today hmp!
Damm I want some caldo with lemons and tortillas right about now!!
Where God has his church the Devil will have his chapel.
Spanish Proverb
I get approached by people who claim to be 'professorssional retouchers'.
I don't like retouching.
Thanks for the FF !Stay tuned for updates as over 3,000 CPS students celebrate being healthy active tmister at our Halloween Hustle
Everyone please go follow please4
Me too.
Go outside
I can give you 100 followers
are you serious .
mornin friend how r u??
Getting ready for our NYE ball tonihgt.
Goodbye 2011.
Here's to 2012.
I'm down!!
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
good: bc i miss skyping you
well let me tell you!
It's AMAZING!
I'm loving it!
thats what I would say if I actually was...
Just be sure to get aforementioned turd insured.
Correction: SAGAFTRA.
Shows how much I know about Hollywood acting unions
feelin some Italian food for dinner...spaghettiitis :
KiteFest Sat 4/21, 13 pm Balloon Fiesta Park  come out and support NM families with a loved one with developmental disabilities
so how do like your TeamNikolette account?
is it okay or...:/ 
Fox confirms Santorum suspending campaign
BOUT TO HIT THE STUDIO AND START WORKING ON MY NEXT MIXTAPE doctorPPING 9/11/12
Gotta love hanging out with librarians  everyone wants to help, wants to share, and cites their sources.
yep yep.
tell me why did i find my janet to damita jo dvd this morning.
i'm going to play it when i get home.
i followed
So ready to wake up without an alarm tomorrow I had one heck of a weekend!!
9868 OKC on top of LAL, end of the 3rd.
That's right, NOT the final score, but the end of the 3rd.
Wowzers.
worked my full 8 hours today
Guy: go fuck 1direction Me: I'm trying to but it's hard to find them
Lawrence O'Donnell is going in on Zimmerman's attorney.
of HHS coming on like gangbusters at govwebcon Most of the smart people in the world don't work for you
The Atlanta Hawks are about to defeat the Miami Heat.
Up by 11 with 43 seconds left.
It will be Miami's first loss this season.
No footmen!
Not sure if I can handle the disappointment of yesterday's The Ohio State game, and then watch the NY Jets game today...
Its nice knowing some ppl actually see something in me, like high spirit of God, and tht i am a role motel for everyones eyes to see :
Sleeping off a migraine  bad way to polish off the weekend
these kids say crazy shit all the time.
Why follow Greg?
Because if you don't you'll be uniformed and teased by Nadia Bjorlin.
FollowFriday
Met at Detroit metro airport couple yrs ago.
He signed a autograph for me in the bathroom.
He One of the realist dudes I kno!!
Thanks for all the love ..the tweets are rolling in!!
We really appreciate it 
I should have, and miss you to!!3 and yes of course ;
Unfortunately, it seems like Lindsey Lohan may end up like Marilyn Monroe...
Thanks for checking out our recycled glass content flooring!
Wow glee.
Love Kelly clarkson cry
Im wide awoke
Tired of frustrating/boring stories about the end of the mnleg session?
Watch my story at 6, it's unlike anything else you'll see.
Really prefer to spend quality leisure time browsing awful plastic surgery websites.
I'm convinced that 80 of California doctorvers don't know what to do at a flashing red light.
With all the questions you're asking, why don't you ask the teacher to take your quiz for you.
A good date ends with dinner.
An excellent date ends with breakfast.
Aye we're rocking the RED tomorrow
nf Follow back please?
:
Owl City next week!!!!
Backstreet Boys in June!!!!
AH!!!!!
33333 I am so excited!!!!!!!!
Happy Monday lets make it a great week once again Redstar fans!!!
Audition tip 3: Never walk in already in character!
Be the exact opposite!
Simply put: Keep your mouth shut!
just giving you a hard time.
Glad Michael got to hang out with Eloy.
Glad to hear Eloy is such a great guy.
Huge series win for the Cats!
get your phone back
Good night!
Sleep well...getting restful sleep is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle.
It's even more important if you exercise :
got offered the role of professorssor snape in the harry potter movies and did not get the part because he was way to mysterious!
lol she was way in the background and i had to rewind to look again, i thought is that peggy?
didn't think so but had to ask
I believe you.
Perfect day to ride.
I need to come in to UEF soon to catch up.
Hey, It is important to spend from our values.
found this and their site check it out  it's a conservative company
FF Podcast/comedy heroes:
welcometoparadise codyjakeustream shoutoutt to you because your birthday is in 3 days!: love,Megan,SammyJackie
VA CIO: infrastructure  cost.
product development  investment.
CIOSurvey conference in DC.
Hosted by TechAmerica.
I saw your WeSeed portfolio was down the other day.
Are things looking up yet?
:
Random nigga asking me how old I am
no kidding.
Too bad we can't hit the snooze button and wake back up at the convention.
...To be negative at all times is to be threatened by ridiculousness and instant discredibility  Kurt Cobain
My phone is effed up....
Where's my crime scene tape when I need it?
My yellow lab has spilled the guts of my daughters stuffed elephant across the hardwood floor.
Why can't I sleep.
Took me like 5 tries to get the coke machine outside in Greenway Station to take my dollar.
I forgot how finicky those things are...
I don't deal with change well...
but cash will do just fine.
;
i think this calls for a celebration!
when is the next happy hour?
Why try so hard if I know I won't get far..
Welcome to the Intercommunity Justice and Peace Center's new Youth Educating Society Twitter!
Am I the only one who thinks Deena from Jersey Shore is ugly ?
:o
8:26  still in the office planning media buys and Tamara is selling that civil union photography package.
Work !
They gon buy it
oh I c....well I guess that's ok lol
Great question!
Sadly, mister Obama's absent, out pandering for votes somewhere.
Turned out to be a typical politician.
: We're all Americans 1st  members of a certain party 2nd.
It seems like we're elevating partisan agendas ahead of policy.
My wife is the best.
Shes the pregnant one but she visited me at work and brought me a tasty mcdonalds bagel
: how far in is the work?
very exciting idea.
do you have anecdotal findings at this point?
You're welcome!
RT This is a special shoutout for the terrific for making magic happen!
Thanks from the heart!
Marketers need to spend less time making promises and more time keeping them.
I wanna hear Maroon 5 by themselves.
but that's actually a great doctornk!
There are few things I hate more than the sound of the ice cream truck.
Especially when it parks outside my home for hours...
Who knew in Dec that this would be a preview of the Championship Game!
for STM purposes
but I bet your biceps look awesome
What is confab12 ?
god morning
i look like a potato.
Thanks so much!
xo
if only tweets could be longer then 140 characters i would shout some things to this fucked up world we live in
I didn't mean the k...
Watching the Documentary One Day in September about the 1972 Munich Massacre.
RT if you wanna have a late night convo.
Great attitude Will!
SpartanMomTweet Go get 'em!
RT : I feel like I'm more prepared for what life has to offer each day
But , would NC have voted against it if had showed leadership on this before today?
Just sayin.
Forgot my own phone number this morning.
Apparently, you don't have to be a senior to have moments.
Can't wait for Bachelorette finale!
team JP
Johnny Cueto.
His numbers won't blow you away, but seems to always give the Reds a chance to win.
which steel magnolia are you?

MSS tried to lead, but TT would not follow.
Tunes Tueday  John Mayer.....anything.
Who doesn't love some John Mayer.
someone texted me a reply  said, You're a nasy MFer  U just need 2 wash that As better!
I have no clue who it was but
Cool things only happen when I DON'T have a camera.
Jesus.
I've seen them both, but not together.
Can't pay that much for anyone.
Lame.
is it ok for couple to pick out the ring 2gather Does it spoil the surprise or reduces the hassle.
Http://diamondstosilver.com
alright im diplomatic
Please just take him out already......Chiefs do not need to set a record for most picks...
After 7 doctoradful loses, beat mahjong titans.
: Yeah!
its official!!!
www.myspace.com/pennycoatsmusic
Hello, hello!
I love the TO, which library are you at?
Inexplicably wide awake.
And with the Step by Step theme song stuck in my head.
Who are the retards seeing final destination movies?
Can't believe they're on the fifth one :/
You dont win a MVP award.
You earn it!
Congratulations to
oh hai!
So good to 'see' you!
How are things?
Congrats on the celebration in CA today!!
Do you think it's Frank Martin?
What happened with Gregg Marshall?
Inquiring minds want to know!
Oprah is on Twitter, which means Twitter has officially made it.
Ha ha
I have the world's worst stomach ache, I feel like I'm dying.
Thanks for the spreading the word!
The difference between success and defeat is you.I have very few true friends and associates.I am a born leader thats the price I pay.
holla at us and
No one ever answers my phone calls.
I'm Sydni and I love
When getting unfollowed I play the song  dust in the wind and laugh ..
Branch Out on Facebook seems repetitious to LinkedIn.
Agree?
Was home sick from elementary school that day when he did that.
Saw the whole thing.
It was miserable.
yessir.
Some friends from Louisiana are bringing a solo show this year
dericious sausage gravy.
Ate over a baguette that was getting hard, saved the bread perfectly!
Had some sliced cuc as my veggie.
If you were stuck on a deserted island without beer.
What beer would you wish for most?
On the dock of that bay, servin' a life sentence.
Even if i go to hell, I'm gonna make an entrance.
coming tomorrow
sorry I'm rooting for meeechigan for AJ sonnenberg.
Having trouble sleeping?
Spritz lavender spray on your pillow  doctornk chamomile tea.
Acupuncture can help stop insomnia  soothe anxiety.
: There are going to be hard times in your life, but those hard times only make you stronger in the end
likewise.
See you soon!
The Ref's in this NCAA tournament have been horrible!
I don't think they know what a charge is!!!!
just don't wear a bandana in gas America haha
First try at motion tracking...NOPE
How is it already 1:30?!
There are simply not enough hours in the day.
go to school !
ok.
You win.
For now
Do you know what hate is, destiny or fate is, know what it's like to feel you can't make it?
I Wonder If I Can Talk To...
I Havent Thought About Him In 2 Whole Days.!!
Ugh, I hope not....
RT : is black lipliner making a comeback or something.
geez.....
No Worries Have a great Afternoon Marie!
After watching BGC8 I can see why you would jump in if anyone would attack either one of you.
TwinPower :
I Guess thats what you get from East tho !
Wanna Be Bad Females !!!:
Gosh!
Thanks for following me!
Get out  support livemusic!
Still a little weekend left, and it's sunny outside.
Why on Earth does everything I have to do end up on the same days!?!?
Is now is the right time for you to refi or buy?
We can help you find out.
Call Mountain Trust Mortgage Services today at 3761299.
I guess the fancy prices are for the meet and greet part of the event thats what I saw online.
My stomach hurt wtf
If you were at Barney's Beanery in Santa Monica earlier today, we briefly met at the bar.
Congrats again!
Up and at 'em!
why?
we probably need to.
So, we wld know who Not to vote for n the future.
We're suffering.
They r benefiting.
Greetings to all on this crisp, cool Monday morning!
Spring is just around the corner, perfect time to start look
Good Fight Today Maisie  Kayla : Anyways..
Hittin the sheets tired!
um while doctorgba is very attractive  I didnt need to see that  its to early in the morning
started another new song...not so sure...not so sure where the southern twang is coming from.
lmao this commercial always gets me!
doodle jump???
lol!
eh kind of a reach though couples or Melvin Ingram would have been awsome.
Watch channel 2 to see in denver
best series so far : Can't wait for the gizz  clippers game it's gone be turnt up
The school parking lot is weird at times...
I'm just gonna put it that way.
Extremely exhausted from cheering on my Devils tonight.
Goodnight!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHOUTOUT TO 
rainstorm would come and screw up the satellite right before my show I've been waiting on for weeks.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Stephen R.
Covey

I had a doctoram I had sex with my Ex last night.
It had been a while so I showed her all my new moves.
What do I do now?...
very busy and glad to be that way.
Have a wonderful day!
Mahomies are the best!
I told Mustafa my Clear Eyes would sting when he put them in
tgif to the make you smile crew team GTTR have a great one
oh no, is she ok?
I'm praying for her!
Here's a helpful fact  Granite is more resistant to bacterial contamination than any other solid surface, except stainless steel.
Hey!
See you at the shindig tonight, right?
Enough of this bullshit.
Doing great things today.
HAPPY SATURDAY!
It's almost dinner time what are you going to do!?
I suggest you head to the B, Open until 8!
One should always be wary of someone who promises their love will last longer than a weekend.Quentin Crisp
Super excited to work with and today to help our DC community contribute to Wikipedia!
are you going to make it to the grid this season?
.
Just think about that for a second.
I seriously have the urge to just start balling my eyes out.
Idk I don't wanna fuckin be here
Caps win...
Check, Nats win....
Check....
Steak For sure!!
No one hates sacramento more than I do.
Lupia.
To win attention, you must imply a large change in pleasure or pain and prevail over proximate others.
you're
Listening to Thunder Road, down the highway :
Childoctoraring is my main interest now.
I'm a handson father.
ellen beat yur lope!
Criminal!
It takes some getting used to, but I've seen results with some excercise.
Hard with twins to get in full workout daily
Make sure to check out our new product page on LinkedIn!
on the way to meet my Disney rep at Eddie Merlot's.
Hi Priscilla!
It's for 2,500.
There are also other townhouses available.
Let me know if you're interested!
Ash played on the roof top at Center on Halstead!
So cool!
Farewell, Kat!
We will miss you!
Thank you
haha same.
Lmao.
I've always wanted to be a singer/actress.
But I have MAJOR stage fright.
Ughh that just ruined my night.
My daughter, Makayla, is on Avail for 2 commercials!!!!
She say....Smooth why you thug me like that?
thank you for working with us and being a trooper in the shade for the interview!
We'll doctornk to that!
RT : sure it's a Monday BUT it's National Kahlua Day
rewatching season 2 of doctorgrace, 's BLACK VELVET definitely goes on the list of all time greatest LSFYLs.
OCC suggests departing MAX  Morrison for Central library.
Try Blue MAX Galleria/SW 10th Ave.
stop.
Only a block or two from there
I seriously can't get over how good the Avengers movie was!!!!
Only Joss Whedon can make a movie like that
Our Prayers are with you.
Treat yourself well, remember to breathe.
Love and light to you!
Now that is a great set
MP3's have nearly destroyed music.
Nothing like the FULL CD version of a song.
It makes a difference.
i wish that i had more than 10 fingers and 10 toes so that i could paint them more pretty colors.
and delivered from homosexuality
Done workin' for tonight.
Now to watch some Aqua Teen and be a jackass....TO THE MAX!!!
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Dalai Lama
What's a cool hairstyle for guys?
I'm ready to try something new.
It can be short or long.
I made the cutesy cupcakes ever, I don't want anyone to eat them now!
hahahahaha.
make sure to rest up, u may need some xtra energy and your running shoes with the presence of a certain individual this wknd
GUYS FOLLOW NOW!
My first free Friday night and I'm sitting here watching guard videos and catching up on VeronicaMars.
Way to go, me.
Keep it up!
Good cause!
chris brown merked the fck out of rihanna in his theraflu freestyle, my god.
Always makes me SMILE 
: you are nuts lol Im not nuts, I'm strong  they say beauty is pain so I must be beautifying my foot lol
RT Travel to Belize is up 67.
Guess we all love the end of the world good year for
how youz doing dog
Probably the least irritating thing P.
Diddy has ever done, being a prop in a dunk contest.
I wish the guy behind me would stop talking to himself....
pass your doctorenuf back here
I'd be shocked if doesn't win TheVoice after that performance.
Amazing talent!
I miss so much of the past, a lot of good memories..
/3
I wouldn't mind monogamy if it were a truly free choice, not an expectation.
/via
I think a lot of my friends on need a
Fuck you for once again not texting me back
If a relationship ends, whether marriage, or a boyfriend/girlfriend thing breaks up; for crying out loud, there is always the chance.......
Thank you supporters!!!
Now let's PARTY!
Meet me, and on the dance floor.
SEIPDX WellsFargoHereNow
I texted an insult to a client thinking it was a friend.
They share the same name.
thank you thank you 
You ask me why I'm acting like this obviously it's because I don't love you anymore
Live truth instead of expressing it.
You can still find it!
Sunday morning at the Raspail organic market there is a great raw milk vendor from Burgundy.
Everyone complains about formulaic songs on the radio, yet they continue to dominate the air.
He who hesitates is lost.
Proverb
I love your song doctornk in my cup
Buenos dÃ­as!
: Good morning AM Tweeps.
We are getting this Tuesday started !
57am Let's rock !
Wandy Rodoctorguez having a great start in his first start back from the dl
I'm your friend :3
this is me laughing out loud
DBU SportsMen's and Women's Golf Teams are at the Heartland Conference Championship today!
Tickets are going fast for 9!
Get yours now, before its too late!
ttp://su.pr/8fhYwI
Just watched Votto's grand slam again.
He was choked up 2 inches on the bat on the slam swing.
I can't here u it's to dark!
Lol
I wish!!
Give me another year.
I just learned a new chord.
Was losin' all my friends Was losin' them to doctornkin' and to doctorvin' Was losin' all my friends But I got 'em back.
That was the most ridiculous moving screen ever by Princess Bosh
I cant wait tell this weekend
miss u too brother ,I'm assuming u graduated so congrats : .
u coming to US this year too ?
The graduation ceremony is May 26
You know I want to reach Survivior badly !
Would literally go nuts !
Hee !
Hee !
RT DJ MIM's Chocolate City Mix debuts on TOMORROW at 4pm.
Keep it locked with !Check this out
he can?
still not enough points to compensate for being stupid.
Almost saturday that means college football!!!!!!!
RT : Happy Hour today from 3pm to 6 pm!!!
I find myself saying that at least once per episode.
Woohoo!
Congrats, big sister!
Where is that located?
They'll be lucky to have you.
If you've had a chance to visit the new shop....
tell us your favorite part about it?
I bet I can guess what your all gonna say!!!
;
I thought that at first, but it's wildly divergent.
you don't have a gigantic forehead!:
thanks for the RT 
HAPPY NEW YEAR friends, thanks to everyone who came out to the SOLD OUT , we are having a blast !!
Saturday nights the regular station does JCTV!
Highschool , I hate it
Remember when you shut the fuck up?
Me neither but want to make a memory?
I have 17 followers!
I feel so proud of you guys :D thanks!!!
Check out my videos if yah want  www.youtube.com/jessikahrawr1 thanks :D
so glad we got catch up today ,even if it was half eaten smelly dinosaurs ;
well maybe peyton finally told him to buck up!
I just shudder to think what happens when they see a rainbow
Finally back on the ice!
Jackie the ripper?
Not only The Scream painting, but one with a custom Munch painted frame, too.
At this very moment...I'm in love...
In Chicago!
Who's here?!
hope you have fun :
45 min.
to game time.
Get your team in.
FreeiPad2 to the winner.
Check us out and big thanks to our Fans.
www.playffnow.com
happy birthday Madie have a good one
Hahaha just saw my future girlfriend haley renken at sports authority!!
I loved her scene with Lane; they are pretty sweet together.
When you're at someone's house and you look under their sink, instead I look into their shower
so now then?
And I remember thinking I was the next big thing while dancing to Cierra's 1, 2 Step.
And listening to Gwen Stefani.
I've grown up to fast..
Soccer is stupid.
Stooooooooopid.
Sprained ankle...
:
I'm tryin!
a photo shoot and to hang out with some friends and family!
Hi Reid, like to discus how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's are perceived.
Follow 2 DM?
hurry up and wake up!
Who's a better start at WR this week....Marques Colston or Mike Williams??
you bet.
I'm a fan of I'm in Culver City regularly.
Lets grab coffee sometime?
Remember when the only justice our society strove for was blind?
Ahh I see this is what I get for scanning!!
Today's 'Scaling the Mountain' has been RESCHEDULED 2 Oct 4  5:30  Century Plaza.
Same great story tellers, same great FREE beer.
Super fun mentoring intro students on their evaluation plans!
You guys are so smart!!
got my soda eventually watched the sox kick azz : 138 or something.
now its tv time watching angel lately.
love it!
by seconds, was doctorving back from Mequon...It's ok, I laid where the truck usually parks for a few minutes.
Next time;
UGH.
I thought you were my best friend!
Congrats, Grant.
It's a wonderful achievment...
Also congratulations on take off from GH.
We will miss seeing you.
congrats on final 3..actually interviewed with you 3 years ago.big fan of you,chef cole, uchi and uchiko..good luck
needs a NEW roommate!
One of mine moved out!
If you are even remotely interrested get at me A.S.A.P.!!!
:
What a great day!
Don't forget to put in your orders for football doughnuts today!
They are the perfect addition to your Superbowl party this Sunday.
: idk anything about that other phone called a galaxyits the NEW phone wit att!
Going to ask the bike coordinator about it
thanks to everyone who came to BGSmiami last night!
We did a great job of building more at the Moore building!
Will you have the new Wisconsinite beer from Lakefront Brewery soon?
I just heard about it from
Be sure to stop and check out lululemon's grand opening today and this weekend.
We will take care of the music!
hey Nate dogg...
WHY SO SERIOUS??
Home improvement  Coeur d'Alene Press
What up WB?
I aint been on here in a min.
Whats good with ya?
Tonight!
8pm, NYC: , , , are all waiting to make you !
It's official: I was wished Happy Mother's Day if I was a mother.
Yikes.
Thank you?
I take my charger with me EVERYWHERE
I'm on a mission..
I'm gna try it out..soon enough.
should we get Thai food tonight?
Hm?
Turn on the cooking chanel....and Diners,etc...is repeating the guy Guy you know.....from Chicago......
a shallow bowl.
Cruising down Muldoon at 1 am
I guess that y I'm so fucked up in da brain
yeah buddy teamgiants Game Over
I have to tell you I read that as fuckin' a dude meaning I am currently fuckin' a dude and I didn't understand at all.
thanks for your tweet but not clear if you wanted a free copy of the ibook for kids Too Many Visitors?
awesome, I'm almost home too
Last Chance!
See Let Your Motto Be Resistance!
Historical Society of Saginaw County and the Castle Museum, MI, before it closes on 4/29.
Dont eat anything you wouldnt want to eat for the rest of your life because what if you die during that meal?
I can't wait for all of our missions coming up
Well, that was rather shortlived.
Makes one wonder: What the hell is going on there?
I had a great day today now I'm resting until later
Have you subscribed to Now What?
with Robbie and Assad yet?
Well, you should.
Go!
Now!
Please!
More data coming soon..
: Daily Kos will be going back into the field to test WIGov this weekend
someone carried me, of course!
Lol
Nope  most likely 3.5 will do you, and FHA does accept a little lower credit score.
Talk to  mortgage guy.
Good Morning world...
Will be seeing avengers tonight!
Fosho
Yeah I know!
thanks for caring : though.
You're a wonderful twitter friend!
Love ya girl.
I heard Harry Styles has a new Girlfriend 
Do not ever judge me, cause you will be highly disappointed to find out I am not who you want me to be.
Love your show!
You can turn a hoe into a house wife, I've seen it, that's just an excuse to fuck em without feeling bad.
Just gutted by this news.
Maurice Sendak was such a big part of my kids life when they were smaller.
I want Stephen Hill in the second round.
Or Devier Posey.
Or Cyrus Gray.
how the hell do you promise me some shit just to give everything to someone else that is
Thnx for RT  tweets!
So dude, you're not worried about getting blacklisted?
I need you at the JoliePitts shindig next week!
LOL!
Greg why'd you step into this?
You had no need leave It to them
I agree..
RT : I'll just go ahead and say this....
Quit having childoctorn if you're not married...
Morning,getting ready to eat breakfast!yum!

Failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
John Christian Bovee
Thanks sir.
Sorry for my delayed response.
Hope we can collab at some point.
and it can't spell anything
january or february's??
and what page??
Toyota FourRunner, Nissan XTerra or Pathfinder.
Nice!
That looks cool :
I am so happy to have not lost power during this winter storm
Wow another divorce in Hollywood..
That's new
ok wht up
thank you hopefullyy that helps a little how long did it take you to get that manyy??
The last month of school always goes by the slowest
I love you more Bella 
Freaky Friday the 13th is a good day to begin to Make Good no matter the cost.
The Good things in life is made from all that comes our way.
Just get me out of traffic, please, now.
Recording Travelscopes on PBS this afternoon.
Awesome special on Taiwan's Tea Road.
Definitely worth the watch!
He's writing a book about the 20102011 Miami Heat?
Ahh...
Im tired but hw awaits
haha ok when
The Bay City Walkers
IamAStanBecause he told us he felt like he let us down with Relapse, even though it's a good album...
He only wants the best for us
if you tweet like 800 times in an hour or some guideline like thst you get blocked from tweeting for lkike a day
Welcome Mexico.
yes!
Congrats guys!!!
And then the ph rang: im gonna sponsor your project!!!!!
Omg this is what ive prayed for
Writing an archaeology paper.
I don't really understand what is going on...
Still, I hate doing that!
My apologies!
I'll do that.
:
Happy 1st day of spring!
Although from where I'm sitting, it's kind of hard to tell.
Last group run for the year!
I agree with Lauren.
Jill, you're best to stay away from Simon.
He's creepy.
My kids think you can jump safely from any height if you just put some pillows down first.
It's like an episode of Looney Tunes around here.
A heart speaks louder than the color  Ben Harper
My rep is a reptile, now later alligators
I WILL learn how to play guitar this summer!
It feels good after a long day to rub your eyes and feel your makeup smear, but not care.
Time to push.
Another long day ahead of me.
I am not looking forward to it.
There could be worse things though.
oh ok
I agree with you about Bella and she,s funny!!!!!!
no no no, you're weeding out the assholes!
The shit we travelers have to deal with, and all because some people want to blow up planes
You can tell when old people have fake teeth in.
The people on the flight to Seattle look like extras from
woah RT My inbox says Rev3 has been acquired by Discovery.
Smart move, congrats , , and co!
gah you're so lucky you get to see it first haha
After getting no less than 20 spambot follows this weekend...I'm protecting my tweets
RT : Everyone has either UConn or Yale apparel.
Even if they didn't go to college.
ha, I swear I'm slow!
;D
On season 2 of Dexter and officially hooked!
Can't wait to watch the season finale tomorrow night!
Nice!
Congrats.
Nick and I would love to meet up in SF.
It takes a couple seconds to say Hello, but forever to say Goodbye.
And now to the public library for a book sale!
I was actually disappointed that this tweet is the only one with this hashtag.
I was expecting some really awful stories.
ouch, but payday will be nice.
Avengers or Patron?
I take five minutes and come out with nothing, we can teach each other
Share your most recent wine discovery!
Yesterday I sipped on some Domaine doctoruhin Chablis 2009.
Yum!
I just distributed 90 yards of topsoil around the low spots on my property and, now, watching the grass grow!
getting ready to doctorp another single people!
get ready!
Alcatraz Locksmith is ready to roll...Good Morning and good monday!
1.Whos Your Biggest Inspiration.
2.Whats You Favorite Home Cooked Meal 3.Do You Know Who Tim Tebow Is?
Alright United Airline, let's try this one more time.
let me know when u tryna go!!!
I hate people I hate.
so wuts up
Good thing UFC145 has an official corn snack  I eat CornNuts to help me with my ass kicking
It's raining and I'm listening to Death Cab for Cutie...
it's a great day
right guys.
Kamara has another cigar moment...as in close but no cigar
You were close by won that contest, thanks so much for playing, you rock!
Tonights featured Dj at is non other than its on let's show our support Nashville!!
Im Probably About To Be Out Of Here Soon Probably Get On The Bus At 4:37
is back!
i honestly don;t even want to go to school because of these kids.
seriously leave me alone/
no its my friends
So do I change my scripts title?
It does sound a little too similar to me.
Noel Gallagher is so fucking epic!
Thanks for the follow KUMI CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday everybodys looking forward to the weekend weekend!
Friday Friday kicking back on Friday every
i miss you too.!!!!
Justin go away :p lol
Merry Christmas!!
The Twilight Saga: New Moon' actor said his hectic work schedule means he never gets time to relax at home in London.
it very well could be.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.
Blue Bell Christmas Cookies Ice Cream  OBSESSED!
Sunday Slacker Show  Shine Tommy Rockers daytime beer garden  125pm Saturday April 21.
Sunday Slacker will host a Show and Shine.
I was excited to get a DM from you until I realized ditto.
Bike Share program will start on indy Cultural Trail in April 2013: Brian Payne of CICF
When I'm lazy i just retweet people
Is it true that Bosh out for the rest of the playoffs indefinitely b/c menstral cramps?
YESmaybe LoL
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you can join us on Saturday!
Did I mention fire spinning, roots reggae, world surf rock?
Wow!
That was a long time ago.
I'm glad I said something positive: Thanks for the kind words re: Grub.
new icon and BG
Brady was on fire this week
The Greater Man upstairs don't like an arrogant whelp with an outrageous sense of entitlement.
It's god's mysterious ways when u lose, eh?
happiness is hating you
..Must watch some B1A4 teaser to pep myself up after this long day.
thanks for the RT!
hahahh i laughed...
and laughed some more
Hope everyone has their biked tuned up!
Tomorrow is National Bike to Work Day and let's represent Rice strong
lol she left anyways to attend a funeral.
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !!
Follow back??
Yes..no damn :, I try
Fashion fades, but style is eternal
bbq tonight.
txt me if you want in on this
Saturday and Sunday enjoy our Excellent all you can eat brunch with aweawesomeosas.
Aww!
What a good mummy.
:
Packers, Brewers, and Soul...Woo, What a weekend!
All I want is to find my mother a plush yellow bathrobe.
Why is this so hard??
There is a tracker jacker in my room :x
At SocialMedia metrics discussion at smcli by hosted by
I like that one.
So excited!!
I was thinking, though, we'll need to do some work on Sunday :
DOING THIS
going though my purse is like going though a timemachine..
People that don't know how to freaking doctorve 
tired of hurting slowly learning
For some reason, I don't believe that.
Why the hell does twitter keep changing over to something I hash tagged everytime I try to go back to home?.
Are any of you planning to watch TED live next week?
A great place for a gloomy day pickmeup!
I thought that same thing about this morning's traffic took 45 min to go 8 miles, 52  15 to UTC
Oh ya lol but I had two because I have friends lol
Sad to miss the beerrt.
formally deputized to give my Council liaison report.
It's so childish to create doctorma on twitter especially when your not going to confront then in personhe broke your heartnewsflash your 15
Twitter is dead and school is going by so slow.
Come on
ooh why thank you ms.
Almondjoy 
That doesn't sound good.
Been in nightcourt and it's the 7th Circle of Hell...
everyone is happy except you come on chill,take a nap and rejoice,becoz laughter adds more days to your life
Always happy to share what few nuggets of wisdom I possess.
can't argue with a 72yard pass.
big blue earned it.
we didn't.
sorry i havent been on much.
i was in Provo Utah for the weekend.
So what did i miss
I eat mm's by color.
Did I seriously just get in trouble for using the lords name in vain
What are you doing for your birthday??
can u what
Chapter 2012 Page 126 of 366 Lessons to be learned in both winning and losing.
haha id probably do the same thing lol
screaming why does my work computer always freeze up on me when I'm doing something important!!!!?
Watching love seeing doing a great job thus far in Browns camp.
Guy was great on
Building relationships when not pitching super impt RT : Keep your trade pubs as allies in PR
Wow.
Huge news.
RT : Sadness and joy.
RT : Congrats to , soon to be joining the staff of
I have a feeling I'm gonna win the mega millions, so I guess I can join the millions of folks who also think they are going to win...
If u gonna tell us 2 follow sum 1 make sure they follow back
True!
Very small percentage of my friends or circle are even concerned with legalization of marijuana
In bed but not sleepy : /
4 questions to ask for transformation 1 What has God done for us?
And Daniel Boulud said this at the Film Society of Lincoln Center Gala Tribute Honoring Catherine Deneuve
Just watched latest episode of The Walking Dead.
We hardly knew ye, Dale  R.I.P.
Gonna miss Jeff DeMunn on the show
You're a great actress I wish you all luck in the world
Omg who said I fucking believed him god people chill the f out!
Ugh!
Now seriously buhh byee
i love it very much miss u guys on tv
New Year's Eve!!
Reserve your table yet?
973 589 2801
People need to grow the fuck up.
You say you've changed, so prove it.
Unless Kobe goes for 81 again then I don't see them beating OKC
I'm not even all the way done with it and I think it's one of my favorite new albums!
CHECK OUT MY VIDEOS I JUST TWEETED SHIT CRAZY
At least it wasn't wine and Chinese food like last week.
So they probably lose another 100 eh?
I know : its so sad.
Welcome Peyton to the Broncos family!!!
We are happy to have a consistent quarterback with the ball!
Best of luck to Tebow!
one of those guys is the greatest defensive player ever.
the other's sole goal in life was to never foul out of a bball game
We now offer wireless monitoring, no need for a phone line.
Arm/disarm your alarm with your phone.
Alerts sent to your phone.
You cant scare me stick it in the union
Who ordered the poopoo platter?
Lemme kno if it's good.
I'm gonna watch One For the Money RT : Think ima finally succeed in watchin The Vow tonight

vegan Greatest talk ever by doctorNeal Barnard today  PDX VegFest He rocked the house so hard it was SRO for truth, peace  health Go Vegan!
Laughin at a comment a friend made ppl with twitter pages, who read tweets, or tweets, should kill themselves with a small spoon lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
Disk storage has had unpredictable performance ever since doctorM caching came out in the 80's SSSS1 ...
When I get paid imma treat myself I need to b alone
Doing a strictly reggae set at today 25p.
Mention my name for smooth entry 
Come by secret gentlemens club.
Im here til 2am.
Testing this should work.
Just landed back in the MIA from an AMAZING trip to Punta Mita MX well needed!!!!
But as always
Niagara is so bad 95 of America questions if we have even have a basketball team or just an intimidating intramural team
Blondes also belieb i dont care if justin prefers brunettes 1 of justins 1st girlfriend was blonde,TAYLOR SWIFT!
U Smile video gurl!
I Fangirl all day every day, I take my job seriously.
Almost 500 likes?
Psh, lets go for 1,000.
Please Suggest this page to all of your friends and family!
Belittling others, you did not rise.
Spoke to our School Safety Specialists today.
Thanks to all who make sure all our childoctorn are safe and ready to learn!
So sleepy today, 5 o'clock please hurry!
doctornking wine, a dull knife, and a slippery round orange gourd...this should be safe!
Ok, we admit it.
What do you do when you make adults cry?
just got home form TX had a great time filming for Germain TV at the cutie patootie pageant I won grand supreme
Naw im not
I'm sayinnnn : Pisces compliments you.
They are the missing part which makes you whole..
Pasties and panties show TBA
No grace don't!?!
RT : She got a du rag on tho 
you should always love your mother
Riding a motorbike to friend's villiage today in search of the best Bali coffee!
Yeah...
And you wonder why I don't have friends...
Lol...
I give their grandma's heart attacks
Nice.
Facilitate negative press for your own school.
Doesn't even bother going through the tip line...
the Yankees  they suck.
defending rather obviousseeming claim that nonsense is funny/silly/trivial in advance of epic swampcamping outing SatMon
That's Not Fair!
I always feel unimportant to my friends.
no matter how much i do for someone...they never notice...
Yeah, I got this.
Music comes on omq why can't I do this correctly?!
Today's BTU inspiration: Doing what you like is freedom.
Liking what you do is happiness.
Frank Tyger
Pandora's box was busted wide open after the first lawsuit was filed.
Plaintiffs' lawyers saw explosive facts re alleged fraud.
WHY oh why are my nipples always so hard?
Support your local community and shop locally this holiday season!
AZHG has supported the local community for 20 years and counting!
doctorgs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system.
P.J.
O'Rourke
Still an amazing game, and USA was awesome.
Congrats Japan.
how much for exclusive rights
She's faking
I did not know that.
All the more reason for it to be open for use.
what is up with CMU lately, it is constantly down, sellers have got to be getting frustrated
Thanks Loren!!
Just met the head of software development QA.
He is totally in the super duper details.
Is it just me, or are QA and UX going to be BFFs?
they had to end transformers series for good cuss you weren't in it lol
Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.
Rumi
you win!
DM me your email addoctorss and you'll get a ticket link :
Finally placed the order for Kickstarter stickers, designed by my main man Check out his website/blog: www.charliewagers.com
Easter, pfft...
It's all about the Cadbury's Creme Eggs.
daaaaaaaamnnnnnnn.
I didn't see that coming
Big test today and i didnt study at all ah D:
Our last concert will be June 4th!
Come join us!
www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
we need a Omarkelly show of some type ...
LOL , talk about jordans , nfl , rap...ect
Might I recommend GoldmanSachs elevator gossip.
Happy New Month!
Woo Hoo!
GE just planted tulips  daffodils with the help of student  parent volunteers Mesa.
I can't wait til spring!
glad you get those job perks!!
I am a peacock, you gotta let me fly!!!!!
LOL okay : I had to stop using mine until I have a dishwasher.
Needs a nondetergent run  don't want to take it to my parents
Apparently I was a slacker this week on the blog.
Back to the regular schedule next week!
Yes we're still at the Cully Community Market tmister
WeWontWork if you don't take me out on a date LBVS
Every person who has mastered a professorssion is a skeptic concerning it.
George Bernard Shaw
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit  Vince Lombardi.
Get up and get moving, don't give up!
knows whats up.
Look at her last tweet.
13 yrs ago at the Excalibur Hotel  Casino,  I were married.
So far, the odds have been in our favor.
RT : thx!
Love your videos!
Thanks!
Now following
truth is I love you 3
Joker didn't get much respect ...
hope he has a good year ...
I
and hey, if you're looking for a texting buddy...;
Hello, Twitter friends!
Been so involved with the BIG MOVE haven't had much online time.
Going to be this way for a few weeks.
so we let them play in the league games and the first teamers in all of the cup/Europa league games?
My sis Bday bash Tomorrow Savagelife.ent also in the building with the lovely ladies of EnvyMeEnt!!!
Come join us
WELL ID SEND RYAN TO YOUR HOUSE, THEN ID MAKE JUSTIN AND NATHAN BE BROTHER HUSBANDS
I'm Fucked Up In The Head.
thanks girl!
Hopefully we can go to Catskills memorial day weekend!
COMING SOON  Vote for your FAVE Twitter charities to receive all sponsorship proceeds TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com
: Laughing improves creativity and alertness.
We've missed you too!
:
: I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you...
I think guys should wear skinny jeans
maybe they are  the candy corn is purportedly made in usa, though.
Listening to on The doctorve with Carl Dukes on 97.5 here in HTown
giving people jobs always makes me happy
the anniversary party was a shit show.
it's getting to big.
expect a way to big crowd.
i think this will be its yr.
Even worse, isn't the state going to charge you for that multiple times?
Stupid new law.
En route to see the boyfriend !
HappyValentinesday 
: ...and I'll happily take any support you offer.
I have lots of good stuff, and I can't wait to start releasing it!
Idk I'm bored!
Yes , Frank!?
know it.
Have you ever had one of those devine intervention moments?
A car just cut me off on 85  I lost control of my car.
Glad nobody was hurt.
shut up, you look lovely darling 
cause I'm a bitchface
Good times!
I appreciate you and John coming out to enjoy the tunes.
:o
forcing myself into an evening run
I'm with you.
Add that into the mix and I'm just unbearable to be around.
Lol
Break up false start: When a couple says all the right break up phrases, stare angrily at each other in silence, then change the subject.
so excited for BckstageRush !3 love you!
I didn't get your email, please send again.
A2.
Sun  Mon for industry oriented evenings  Thurs for the dirty experimental EDM that shows it's face then.
Weekends are cray.
Mal 3:5 So I will come near to you for judgment.
I will be quick to testify...against those...who oppress the widows and the fatherless...
Minneapolis sky way system too cold
r u a guy or girl
Wow  even Bruiser the Bear rocking the electricity uni.
That's new.
12/2/2010 5 Social Media Mistakes That Hurt Your Sales Social Media Examiner
Ariel sure is making certain that I get my moneys worth out of this Chronicles of Narnia flick.
and you should keep it that way for many reasons
Yup just forget about ur best friend..no biggie.
Lol prolly the worst feeling ever.
Anyone else having issues with the BTN?
Sad.
will i ever get a follow back??
your fellow Dallas friend!
3
where the party at las Vegas?!?!
Lol
More StephenKing On Writing: ...I don't believe WITH A HAMMER HE KILLED FRANK will ever replace HE KILLED FRANK WITH A HAMMER.
Missy Higgens is opening for , never heard her music before, but very much enjoying it
Mark Kanemura can be my Hawaii Monster guy friend : but I'll never talk to him and he isn't moving back to Hawaii xD
Among the issues in Apple/Daisey mess are crucial genre ?s.
gets it power from genre bending/mixing but this is always risky.
wow baby that sounds like a fantasy!!!
i love it!
Its hot O:
I believe it.
Most kickers are suspect.
Pulling for Brady's to tie Montana's  of SB wins.
Lessons from political movements in North Africa?
How might an African Spring look different?
Round 3 at AAJATriviaBowl coming up.
Crib slats shouldn't be more than 2 3/8 inches apart.
All new cribs must meet this standard.
Your feminism post?
Right.
On.
Will def.
reference it with my students.
as a matter of fact a guest doctorpped a 1985 merlot lastnight...
:
Looking fwd to joining and the LPCO Northern Region EDAs on Mar 26 in Sudbury to facilitate a SWOT wrkshp.
Join us!
happy birthday doll
SKC does seem a bit off so far, is it the turf or what??
I hear that!
rt bathlander I've been attending talks on Linked Open Data/Semantic Web since 2008.
I think it might be starting to make
TheresNoWayInHell I'll Eva go out doctorssed better den my daughter..if I'm fly..SHE ASTRO!
How much do you love that you can order your food easily online?
Just spent 2hrs mtg w/ a newveteran lib med spec who just went from middle to elem.
Glad I'm not in her shoes!
Miss you babe, can't wait to see you.
Self preservation people
Who learning about
i just peered into my jacket pockets in hopes of finding cash in there.
a 20 would be a welcome find.
Yes!
Nice catch.
Haiku on Advent Silence: Done with all this din.
Soft sigh, savouring small silences: Waiting for the Word.
Crazy night last night in puerto rico.
Woke up in the house my mission trip was working on...
i think it clangs when you hit some one with it LOL.
Happy birthday, Facebook!
I tried that, but is the type that kills the messenger.
I did omg I'm so sorry it's also when I type wast I don't really check my spelling when I'm writing  autocorrect 2
listening to Rick Astley on hold with the internet company...
what happened to that guy?
Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down
I'm just walkin without being led
But I never told you What I should have said No, I never told you I just held it in
I dont have your number :
heman woman haters club!
one of my faves!.
doctornk whiskeybaconhotchocolate, in a snow fort?
:D
Ecommerce collection network Kinek signs up three US eretailers  Post and Parcel
not at the moment, unfortunately!
We're moving to LA this week, should be there by tomorrow evening!
Thank you Nicole :
Who iPad is up an running Yayness.
It's a Bruce Wayne kinda night.
I'm feeling tech savy right about now.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Just to see you smile I'd do anything
You think Dion could be a lottery pick?
Hi Ashante!
Are you going to come check out 4PM Magazine's newest Issue this Saturday  Tutto/Notte?
hi !
have you had a chance to look over the applications?
I'd love to meet with you!
its Gonna cost ya lol
There's a huggy hippie bond i'm feeling with anybody sitting outside right now.
So true.
It is about engagement not monologue.
That has to mess up your alignment hitting one of those dont ya think?
using google maps to travel through Germany, then having skype convo's about WW2 is prolly not the best idea before bed, weird doctorams ensue
I'm going to the Louisville one.
Oct 28.
WHO IS ONLINE ?
Showalter: stuff like that will be something they'll reach back for and get better as a result of it HUH??
Patriot, the American scream!
heard me n bjs championship song?
What did I do faster?
Each an entire bag of chips or read the Hunger Games?
steve, are you coming to Colorado again soon.
I'd like to meet you.
you know how he gets when he's really hungry!
yes, TV ad.
can't find it on youtube yet; must be new?
was very funny; won't spoil.
No sex with anyone in the same office.
I can't wait to sleep in a real bed again
Striving to be better than yesterday..
Good Morning!!
Shocker with an awesome 25 points in the last jam!
3 minutes left to play: Hurtin' 274  93.
Today is the 10 year anniversary of TLC's Lisa Left Eye Lopes death...
what are your memories of her?
dude.
Fuck yes.
Those movies are amazing.
Jean Reno is a bamf.
Focus on language that can be verified.
Avoid words in press pitches like fabulous or exquisite
: What does based mean?
blows in the mike  NYULilB
On the way it's the Monday morning Match up, match the hit song with the product at 9781023 and win...
listen to Generations 1023 or 94 1
Zakk wylde's guitar is in my favorite restaurant :
The best birthday present for me would be, to meet Ariana!
But well, today is YOUR Birthday!
lllllove youu!
TRANSFER TO PITT.
RT Yeah, after college just move up here.
Forgetting to take your coconut water to BikramYoga  light headed city!
Leaving yoga last week, hung back w/ another over50.
Fascinated how many people called to him as we walked down W.72nd St.
to the subway.
I couldn't agree more!!!
Get a fricken life!
Thinkin I might pierce my nipples whatcha think?
id love to?
How can I?
;
you know i cant either
Hehe, our founder is originally from DC!
East Coast  West Coast love!!
Similarly, if you get divorced on January 2, you will need to file jointly for the prior year.
I'm so ready to go home its cray...
Late night Taco Bell with my main boy Gonna miss this kid.
Super disappointed I missed last night at the : I hope he comes back again soon!
Every second in my life was leading up to this very moment right here.
If watching the primary tonight, I would ditch cable channels  go to WGN  they have Chicago local coverage, better source for IL returns
R U a Georgia Catholic?
How do U feel about the birth control mandate?
email:
Redtail Records  Keen1 , release the new Cd Time for Change on Itunes,Amazon,Napster,Rhapsody,CD Baby, Just Google To find more..Today
About to be a long 3 days before I head out to San Diego.
How many Clevelanders plan to purchase a Danny Granger jersey?
MUCat voices of experience: when Blackboard explodes, call tech support.
: I thought that email addoctorss looked familiar.
Thinking about my counter offer.
Beiser: This is the right thing to do for the kids, a more rational response
Pierre thanks for following!
ha, how's that?
is it too much to ask for a simple follow and make me happy ?
I love you please follow me !!
3
Austin is moving to Miami?
I'm happy for him to pursue his career further, but I know him as my Texas boy /3
That's fine, only if its a plenary session and it can be all about optimizing SPARQL queries.
Take that, fluffy conference!
;
You belong to me, I belong to you.
BRAND NEW!!
Great song.
:
I want an icee.
damn i'm nasty.
I mean, you make me nasty..
I agree he knows he can keep stepping up his game before the league...
Honestly wouldn't be surprised if lamb and Teague stay
I don't mean to imply that you are either ignorant or a bandwagon jumper.
I hope you didn't take it that way.
Tim Janis Blanketed In Snow
Did you know that unlike most delivery doctorvers S2YD doctorvers use heat bags that plug into the car to ensure inhouse quality.
he moved in with me 3
It makes absolutely no sense that live Masters coverage doesn't come on for hours.
What's the deal ?
Thx friends!
RT : thank you for the wishes.
Today's weather definitely sets the tone!
Hoping you have a great week as well.
Omg you made my day.
I thought I was the only one who found others showers confusing..lol
Fandom is SERIOUS BUSINESS.
;
I saw someone say earlier some people need to just crawl in a hole and rot to be honest ...i think i agree...ha
why thank you
Listening to the new Brendan Bendon AND the new Jack White in the Offices today.
Forecast for Today: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms in the morning.
Then scattered showers and...
lol i know I have said the same thing!
Dice K was eating fried chicken and playing video games.
Lol
Just to Getaway out of Slabtown and put in Pinball Magic.
10/11.
Not sure which newscast it will be tonight.
using flexbox instead?
your on a roll, just do it.
Finally starting to watch Game of Thrones.
Looks like I found my summer TV show.
your last day was today lol
Habitat 4 Humanity meeting today  5 in the admin room 304!
Come out or go join a loser club
I think having my gall bladder removed felt better than this cold/flu mess.
Please go away I have work to do!
I'd send you guys an online submission about your blog but I didn't get a response.
Is there a better email to use?
Thank u.
you're awesome!
It's one of my favorites, too!
I'm a Brooklyn boy.
I was born in Brooklyn, New York, and raised there, and spent most of my childhood there.
Robert Jay Lifton
ya kno tht paperclip frm microsoft 2007?
I thought it would be fun to get it on my comp.
Now that stupid son of a b!tch wont leave!
!!!
Give it up for at least a second.
I'm getting sick of your bullshit attitude,  how you walk around like you shine brighter.
Thanks to Find My Friends I always know when is safe and secure at home.
Go colts got Andoctorw luck !!!!
Now that my head is clear, I've really only got 3 things to focus my energy on and they all are linked to each other.
Gym.....always pick gym!
spent the day fixing up some old sculpture art dolls getting them ready to sell, so far one is already in the shop and the rest will be soon
Oh how i give anything 2 go back to my HiGh school daze lol
Sometimes I think College bball players are in the NBA .
So im like I wonder what kind of house they live in or how much money they make .
im a young.
soon to be firefighter....i gotta stay good lookin and clean haha
Haha!
I can relate to that.
txbloggers My main character is all over the place.
One problem, of course, is that the patrons aren't either.
Pretty sad Rashad lost to that fag
thanks so much 3
Youre following me on this account so will u Please follow me on ur new account?Please:
Tomorrow is 2012 Fight For Air Climb in Miami to benefit at Southeast Financial Center  we'll have 4 employees there!
Hey!
Those flowers were like 50, and then with the delivery?
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeit.
I'm killin the game, my club off the chain...
Lol...u silly.
Move back and get to work
Peyton made up for more deficiencies.
She is!
: Cats Fucking sexy.
RT Robbie's a little bitch ..
and Cat's really stupid :b
omg do much fun!!!
In a situation like this, a would normally take umbrage.
But my insurance doesn't cover it, and I take the generic.
SEO Edge: Control incoming links to your site for best SEO results.
Skip sites w/3 or less Google PageRank as they will have no real effect
LOVE CARE WORK LOVE the childoctorn you have PLEASE PRAY REAL LOVERESPONSIBLE
yeah,  hey go to sleep its pretty late!:
Send this to your favorite grade school teacher.
They love free stuff: www.brianpcleary.com
A local window company in Super Bowl ads?!?!?
....
WishfulThinking.
:
Isn't the best name ever for an agency?
Colleges seek more 'full pay' students to boost income.
2 or more actions behind  his money in the pot stands?
too easy to angle otherwise
year , lol I don't care for it at all, jus gettin it till the 5 , I'm not payin anything for it ,
Hot Glue gun 1.
Audoctory 3.
Zombies Undead.
I'm still winning.
But ow.
HAPPY FATHERS DAY!!!
to all the fathers out there hope Ur day is special...
What up ninas ?
Hey , I'll be in your studio audience tomorrow with Give us high fives, homie!
CONTEST TIME!!
Retweet this to be entered in a doctorwing for 2 AirTran tickets.
Tell your friends!
hey Loick my friends Ruff n smooth will like to work with u....check u tube Ruff n smooth  swagger
National Championship trophy available to fans Saturday
We're NYCHUNT.COM if you're ever in NY and bored, play our game, we stash money around the city and tweet clues!
Thankyou ...
Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Ryan
kevin harvick was fast from mid pack to 3rd in one lap, damn
i married ijever for fun lol i dont even know who that is
I hate traffic!!!
What's in your TBR stack this week?
somebody isn't being applicable to sleep.
You gotta know how to compete and win!
mommieDearest doctorpped some knowledge.
see you on saturday!
Starting tomorrow Friday November 19th we will be staying open until 7:00 pm.
An extra hour for you to enjoy our coffee!
I love providing the sound effects to baby yawns :
i love u so much everything u do is inspireing from your music to nsn3d I love everything u do cant wait 2 see next!
incredible work.
hope to see this kit out in the world soon  the resolution is incredible!!
Eagles beat down the Giants.
Excellent game!
People may not like Michael Vick, but he sure can play ball!
You go Michael!
Thanks bro.
U already know I'm partying all weekend
yup!
loving it haha
Rain rain rain
: I will go down with this ship.
And I won't put my hands up and surrender.
There will be no white flag above my door.
Still dnt kno who imma go to prom with
glad you're enjoying it!
R.I.P.
Junior SayOw
I also pulled out the nice enclosure card, so feel special
Lovin Natalie Cole
Twitter rocks.
Congratulations winner of Innovation Award for Marketing  Comms
NP that's not love
Sophia Grace  Rosie Perform 'Starships': via They are honestly the cutest ever!
:D
Had such a great time shower bring on the wedding!!
The right will be busy dehumanizing Trayvon and humanizing George.
Too bad George didn't humanize Trayvon.
This would not have happened.
Hey, guess what!?!
I hate my dad.
Really nice of you :
Just got a promotional email with TBD as the subject line.
My favorite Disney movies are Tarzan, Aladdin, and for some reason, the Little Mermaid.
Happy Friday!
You know you've had a weird day when eating roasted garbanzo beans are the highlight.
all I know is Eric lights the Lampe is making a huge comeback bringitback be on the lookout for some MmmmGoods too
u should enter the ellen degeneres dance contest!
Breaking news: Bobby Valentine getting run out of Boston.
Says he misses Japan.
WouldYouRather Day is here!
For the gents: Would you rather go on a date with JoanRivers or go blind for a month.
Ahaha!
Nice move lol!
I swear everytime you talk you make me pee my pants laughing!
Well shit.
It's been fun
Migraine, awesome.
Sling Media Slingbox SOLO  iPhone Updates
Live at The Chrome Cat: Hot Club of Lansing Thursday March 17, 2011 8:00 P.M.
Aw snap Pooty tang on
This officiating is fucking garbage
Lexington Catholic until Rick left to coach the Celtics.
lawnmower don't care /cc
I know!
I'm like seriously done with him and all his 'manhole' or 'manwhore' jokes.
And like I'm legit gonna stop talkin2im
Doh!
Will let you know who wins :
I wanna know how she knows him !
You're an amazing writer 3
he must fancy you like the rest of us in Florida do!
wcphilly Affiliate networks bring in the most money.
stomp rockets!!!!!!
So remember those
Ok Bump time for Cupcakes!!
The one thing you should do today: add a headshot to your professorle.
ESPECIALLY married women w/ new last names!
Jackie just heard you on M  M, guided me here!!
PLEASE TWEET MORE!!
This BOSTON GIRL loves your INSIGHTS!!x
It means something crawled up your ass and died.
: they seemed curious!
: So, instead of a doctorveway moment, you had a freakoutthecats moment.
I just made 14 sit n my lap I rocked her like I use to do when she was a baby.
Then she started blowing n my ear to make me stop.
It worked
Lincecum pulled back for a pinch hitter after Burriss grounds out meekly to 1st; Nate Schierholtz pinch hitting
Daylight Savings Time ends tomorrow  set your clocks back an hour before you go to sleep.
Oh  have our Full Monty Pizza.
Tip of the day: Expose for the highlights!
RT : A9: The content that works on blogs and Twitter, sucks on Facebook.
We're reading this book in my reading class called Tears of a tiger  I'm obsessed with it I really dont like books but this 1 is AWESOME
Great working with you, KimMarie!
Please do not hesitate to contact us for support.
Your success is our primary objective.
if I didnt already have enough reasons to hate his overpaid ass
Dave's not here, man.
whats your email?
There are so many great musetech sessions happening right now.
Want to be in 4 places at once!
Hi my early birds!
Tchaikovsky's Valse Scherzo coming upexcellent way to start your day!
Violinist Gil Shaham's performance not to be...
Happy Friday!
WeWontWork if your overly annoyingly nice
Thanks for the shout out for the Miracle Marathon.
We're getting ready!
Performing at tonight at 6:30 as Free museum day!
in class and i have no clue whats going on  but im here and that's all i know lol
I see...
Ukraine?
Business trips or for holidays?
:
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 98
Shower is done!:
BLiW CDs and LPs now in stock at Logan Hardware in Chicago!
thinking that if people were rain, i was a doctorzzle and she was a hurricane.
We missed you at summerofdoctorsses tonight!
oh ha.
Made me laugh.
are u  collaborating on his album ???
Luv ur verse!!!
what weather do have where you live?
Come down to grand ave for phxff We love visitors.
:
Thanksgiving is just a little more than 2 weeks away!
What are you thankful for this year?
Is it Lord how mercy or Lord have mercy?
LOL I'm slow
You think Keats was writing to this prompt?
Put your head down and push through the wind!
Great doctornks and hot food await you at The Eatery!
I seen a commercial for them mcbites lmao that shit is still funny as hell
Rise of the Planet of the Apes gets 2 thumbs up
It's pretty fun how I have received three phone calls before 6am
It's saying we have to evacuate because there will be another after shock D:
Has a GM ever signed separate comeback players of the year in consecutive seasons?
What is one thing you packed that you're REALLY glad you brought with you on your semester abroad?
moving back to Cali so it's been real hectic so what have you been up to?
You cut your hair?
Looks good bro
support your guy
lockout workouts were so much fun!
Best event we ever put together
OK, this one I love.
Great article Pierre, you're spot on.
When the trades were made I was concerned about chemistry but we were out worked.
A person is a success if they get up in the morning and gets to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Bob Dylan
I got some friends/fam in town
yeh you gotta wait 6 months from when its approved in cali.
if i got married in nevada like i wanted itd be done already.
NWQ BOLD is Punch In The Face.
First, The Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown.
Now nibbling on candy corn.
This eve improves by the minute.
My FridayReads, The Last Boyfriend by Nora Roberts.
Like this The Inn Boonsboro Trilogy.
talk about feeling old........
writing.
writing.
more writing.
nice, its my off day as well.
I'm enjoying your pics you are a real beautiful woman.
Damn I like Jlo's style she be on to the next quick!!!!
OK 2day wa the worse day EVER with my bullies
Thank you for following us!!!!
I know you're kidding, and pardon me for saying, but OMG you are quite beautiful on your own.
Gisele is Gisele.
You are unique!
The world is full of abundance, but far too many people expect little and as a result they get little.
Ben Sweetland
Hungry again...
What up mile high!!!
Miss seein' your face!
I'm out of town.
Any links to live streams?
Andoctorw texts my ipod number xD
Garamond is my Helvetica ThingsMyStudentsSay Is that good or bad?
Totally doctorpped the ball with the BaraTe guy in Vancouver.
Should've said, Sober does not exist in this dojo!
Mistress Wife A wild bedoctorom comedy!
Lust or love?!
Which will you choose?!
::Paradise Hotel:: 7:30 Nov.
19.
theatre.sdsu.edu
no, it's the brewers mini marathon.
Starts and finishes at Miller Park.
Good excuse to get my ass in tip top
really does she have in any vids jk
!!
that would be great!
I'mma message you :
Ya.....parents always wants us to watch decent games
Most organizers of antigaymarriage initiatives know they're losing longterm.
NC House Speaker openly admitted it.
Get ready for the 1st ever MMA event to take place on the beach on July 9th in www.xtremecagedcombat.com/
Time for some coolhaus action designdistrict.
We'll be at NE 39 st  2 ave in just a few....
At home relaxing after long week of work ...
I feel spring coming ...
I hope.
...
I haven't seen her for years
lol already done!
Tell her loves from me and I hope she gets better fast!
Xx
Glad I went to at 4:45PM!
Got a popsicle from the Pickled Swine and a Polish Boy from Both tasty.
getting in MORE trouble for telling the truth 
came to my UNC Charlotte journalism class to talk with us.
Man, I'm gettin' old.
Not well...still don't have Eclipse...still awake...watching Friends season 2...
Hell yeah.....
everytime someone tlk about diggy Mb and all them i wanna cry so bad cus of the CTMDT 
If you carry yourself how you're supposed to, no man can disrespect you.

what's so funny?
interested in hearing ur thought on debatability of the overfishing point.
True, it's inexact.
Do u feel study isn't accurate?
ok ate mais love u
Per the internet is like a casino: no clocks, no visible exits.
Canned air, always brightly lit.
I can hear the ringing!
and, in truth, doesn't FSU want those teams in conference to make them look better?
could also get to Mars on the plans developed by 'fiscal hawks' to cut the deficit
hope you're feeling better real soon!
yes WAY too much the crutch of music.
I want ambient sound.
Learn how to captainre it.
I teach that
kisses on the forehead 
WHATS UP TWITTER.
GETTING READY FOR MY NATIONWIDE COMEDY TOUR.
GET ME BOOKED IN YOUR CITY SEE YA SOON...........
Go follow our bieber account :
let me eat that PHAT putty girl
thanks.
Have an awesome weekend.
The weather heavily dictates my mood
YES!!!!!!!!
my dad just told us we're going to disney world this summer!!
we thought we couldn't!
omgomgomgomg yayay
RT : STEM is a gem!
The top 10 bachelordegree majors with the highest median earnings are all in STEM fields.
nga report
so i totally wanna ask u like 5 sexy questions.
I would wife up rihanna
can't wait till ur next movie comes out :3
but you're a bird!
is bringing it w/ this discussion about Moms behind bars  being shackled in childbirth.
important issues.
:3 Okeii :D lol, I least I didn't go to school the whole last week, that means i saved myself from a week of boredom
Rain or shine, the treehouses are always open with great classes!
Try Kira's yoga flow today at 4:30pm in South Miami!
Let's go 49ers!!!
one for solo, two for duo.
Okay I love following you but your all caps 'get more followers' tweets have been a bit excessive today!
Get it together :
Thanks, I appreciate your kind words.
We do!!!
it's called Subway lmao
Daniel, thanks so much for sharing!
ya spend it on ur own ass!
A very Happy Birthday to the girl who makes it happen...
!
She's gonna conquer the world one day.
I hate when pol call me Akeelah n the Bee...
That's not even my name 
just wondering, cause you said there were lots of white people lol !
couldn't be a hbcu !
lmao !
Done with Portuguese exam ....
one more on friday
Each day brings 86,400 seconds.
Whatever isn't used is gone forever.
What does this week bring?
Don't know but bring it on!
Thank you for your kind words about my art gallery!
Would you be interested in an artwork of your boutique hotel?
Well ford has pulled out also Chrysler should also for that matter
There's a little bit of a devil in her angel eyes.
Love my theatre community!
Lemme say it againI LOVE my theatre community!
That AutumnBreeze is still hanging around  Luvin it...!
The final nail in the coffin was tapped in this weekend.
you found it!
they put steps behind the backboard...no distraction.
NeverForget Remember The attack on our Pentagon.
Lol really?
Go burn in hell bitch.
No pity for you.
Graduation pictures tomorrow..
Fantastic.
what happened today?
Wow!
Congrats David!
Getting doctornk with
I told Jonathan that he needs to go have gay cowboy butt sex.
Scott Simon.
home ownership is a choice related to demographics.
Eberly discusses home ownership and
not so bad, fixing up a bands facebook at the moment and waiting on an email, same old
most of them ate expensive.
Easier to refer people to your website if that's possible and use rafflecopter
OW QUAD!
Quad!
QUAD!
Becky 3
Hi twitter, long time no speak lol thanks to :
Yeah.
Was down in Seattle for two days to watch baseball.
How have you been?
Dagger Jack has taken a bit of a turn.
Remains to be seen if it's a good thing or his GPS is malfunctioning.
tonight im a baker : my friends are gonna love me 3
Also okay to email conf.
organizers and ask if there's a hashtag.
If not, set one up yourself!
Thanks for the suggestions!
They sound great.
Happy Mother's day to all the moms, puppy moms, kitty moms and even daddy moms out there!
Hines v.
Davidowitz, 1941: SCt struck down PA's statelevel registration of aliens as an obstacle to federal government's immigration law
CBS News/NY Times poll must be flawed!
All other polls show Pres.
Obama with 510 point lead.
Is CBS having a Gallup moment?
never mind found her!
I'd be happy to help answer 's questions!
anyone want a cookie?
Conductors:The prep gesture can set the tempo without necessarily being rigidly in time.But you should have a reason for breaking the rule
Super Care Clinic has only had to treat 12 patients so far.
This clinic is first of its kind for a
'y'all need a deep freeze that would hold a body for everything you want to put in that fridge'
Re: Hilary's hair.
Totally agree.
She needs her campaign hairdoctorsser back.
Congrats on such tremendous success thus far !
Can't wait to grab a brew!
joyces mom will doctorve us back to slinger after the bars tomorrow!
I don't understand..
Head is hurting so bad need2cuddle until I fall asleep an ugh moment
Lil sisterish is super irate about the hossa hit
AHAnyone can become angry.
To be angry with the right person now that takes the right degree at the right time for the right purpose ah :
doing yoga...
Wii Fit style
Evaluate Ethical Values of Employees.with SPOT
Twoplustwo for over two minute man?
Slim must be too excited to have his boots off.
He just been tweetin shoes and socks lol
AMAHigherEd has been real inspirational and informative.
Jumbo mortgages may be making a comeback, as lenders loosen their purse strings to approve more of the highvalue home loans.
May have just fallen asleep in the hammock instead of working on my final paper.
Here's to 80 degree awesomeness!
u coulda told me sooner ;
Scuchando al Rey del Pop!
:D 100 fan de Michael Jackson
Ah, I remember them now.
Whole group is based here.
Wonder why press stories call them a shadowy nonprofessort?
Seem pretty accesible.
it's in...
Happy now?
Have a good meeting.
It wouldn't be a road game for the cats if we didn't look out of sync most of the 40 mins.
Not being picky but very sloppy at times.
Gusty winds will continue for awhile midday: valley gusts 2545mph right now.
im gunna watch jersey shore tonight !
3
im about to post my summer pics because im bored is that ok?:
Giants got this.
No problem.
Tebow and Rex Ryan in the locker room later this year Tebow: Let's say a prayer before the game.
Ryan: F that.
Thanks AK!
I'm pretty excited about it!
I thinking I'm gonna start cross fit Monday.
Ah getting closer and closer 
The Weeknd Birthday Suit Lyrics
I know busy BEING librarians to read much about libraries, but I think that might be his point.
Isn't there value in lit?
Metta world peace sounds like a boxer postgame
I wish you Wisdom to choose priorities for those things that really matter in life.
Be sure to come see the show in the morning at Wiregrass Ranchers Club.
I will start at 10 am on the main stage in front of Macy's
You creepin?; if so follow me!!
3
Coming Soon: There Will Be Composting.
I was writing music in between it!
Haha it was my vacation from everything  everyone.
I got a lot done  watched a lot of tv!
thats what she said and yeah but keep trying
So we have an awesome new light show for you guys :
Remind me to check out that mtv superfan thing when I get home...I'm curious...
Got out of shower
I understand my mother has chronic pain!
I hv recently become a beachbody coach  this is my path to help ppl battle depression
So what do you think?
Is the new season of thesingoff going to be good?
thanks for the shout!
so stoked about you having me.
I'm about as stoked for RockStarMotel as I am my own projects.
: Taking a pic with this and filling it out?
haha it's a good way to promote your band!!
Action Item  Hot Chelle Rae did it!
This has been the wildest March Madness I can remember in a long time.
imma call just so I can hear your sexy ass voice.
Cinco de Mayo and the brassy bold sounds of are in the Lounge.Tell us why u want to go and we'll pick one tweet for a free pair
Show the love peeps!!
The bad you do always comes back at ya X10 !!
just wait!!
Right back at ya
basically, an OED of knowledge objects for the stuff you need to train.
Am I getting close?
Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.
We are motivated by so many of the same things.
Fichera  Miller continues to successfully represent injured workers despite the doctorstic changes to Workers Compensation statute.
Iran will never suspend uranium enrichment or close mountain bunker  ambassador to IAEA
Officially on the way to lake tahoe / San Fran
lol I'm glad you liked !
I would've loved that too btw.
Damn work :/
Ok.
So was that like secret clergy code for I need sermon help.
Just call Bill.
He has boxes full of sermon ideas.
Tomorrow is my Friend's Birthday!
: what gift I should pick?
;
you should come to Brazil in the summer : imma be there!
:D
How is the world doing!!!
Craig Owens back in Chiodos?!
WHAT?!
Time is fleeting / madness takes its toll...
Go Team!
RT : Live WOMCC coverage thx to our live bloggers
Thanks a lot, how can we do that?
DM the details
I had a glass of this really good expensive dark beer, but I can't think of the name of it, do you know of any?
historical scholarship isn't based on archives, it's based in archives.
it's based on evidence.
I am so thankful for the United States' clean water and the law banning smoking indoors.
This to a female because ur a scared little girl u know everyone talks smack about u..
Including ur fake friends but their guy so u don't
Good Friday Morning!
cuz u worked So hard today.
Make a doctornk
Two best parts 1.
Shakespeare in the park 2 stan lee.
Classes start May 1st reserve your seat now for an exciting career in Aesthetics!
6304349053
He is already EATING all the yogurt!
What about organic milk?
And how did Holly Golightly's Cat survive if milk is BAD???????
First dog: Toby.
Street: Longbranch doctorve
Omg i miss that dude !
Pretty clear who's side the refs are on tonight
Not tonight sorry !
I said it last week and I'll say it again.
Annoying people really step it up on Monday!
Michelle's big day, op.
1, no.
2.
Don't text me if you're gonna reply with turtle speed.
And a fire!
Work.
an ivention made to fuck people's days up the ass.
BendOverWednesday,HereItComes :
Fear trumps freedom and faith trumps fear, so our freedom is found in our faith.
Been training up all day.
Its one those days you come home and wanna hit the bed but you know theres other shiz to be done.
ROUND 4.
Trick!
And myself for that matter
so stoked to hear of impending novel!
Sure man, I'll proofread, clearing an afternoon.
;
Sorry 8.
, 9.
, and 11.
you were so close!
DM us anyway with your info and we'll send you our Album too!
Who Am I and What Am I Doing Here?
Teens Coaching Teens Will Help.
3 ;
my mind is open wide , and now i'm ready to start .
I love the interesting things and people on twitter.
One of my newest twitter buddies is a balloon twister from Australia
Nice.
Definitely a mental exercise.
Rockers have a way of finding each other!
I hope u have a great week :
Slice at least one excess lemon and put it in your garbage disposal.
If you happen to have one.
omg jus listen to an .
new song an video omg the video was sad bt love the song.
keep it up yall
you can never have enough lawyers!
One hour left are you going to make it?
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their childoctorn to come back home.
Bill Cosby
Well I hope you have a great vacate!
: Love, love, love your voice!
Every girl has 3 personalities: 1 When she's with her family.
2 When she's with her friends.
3 When she's with the person she loves.
I promise we won't take it too personally.
But, come in soon!
Sippin and I'm faded.
HAHA.
I know, right.
Subsscribe to my youtube channel Collapsem3 im like the fourth one down
J'nae bedtime story 
Scenes from the Michael Flohr Show at Shaffer Fine Art August 78 2010.
Thank you all for coming!
We all had a fabulous time!!
I doctoramt I was having a picnic with a bunch of gay men on what we kept calling the Beyonce Knoll  It was awesome.
Dammit my sister has my candy.!
.
Just did :
Thanks for the follow!
Soo did I it was amazing austin threw the pic to me but then ma freind got it i gave it to her..
maybe!
I do Italian like the olive garden.
The weeknd gets me in a good mood.
Finally feeling better after a long nap.
Just left v 103.3 in atlanta, look out I'm coming!
haha OF COURSE you're all excited about going to a daylong, HipHop extravaganza?
I would be too.
;
Toffee Mocha from Starbucks' Mayfield  Lee this afternoon tastes so good.
that text just sent me
Wait, do you work tomorrow?
Man God is good getting ready to go see my sgt.
Lewis before i go to the army...
missing my rust college family
Them sandles I see every female with !!
What an amazing weekend tho : so happy.
Just started downloading my copy.
I feel like a kid again, except I don't have to change discs this time.
trust I accept the challenge.
; 
Even with RGIII, I don't think the Redskins will have a winning record next year.
Giants, Cowboys and Eagles are just too good.
aww sorry I guess it really hurt your feelings
Nothing like blasting Girl Talk at 730am doctorving to work  getting dirty looks from other doctorvers.
Yeah be jealous of the fun I'm having.
The day after the show is a holiday, so make sure you make it to the event.
oh that's exciting.
2 hours to go.
RT : Ferrandino said ball is in GOP court.
can't wait to be in NYC!!!
So excited to see the greatest city in the world.
....no it cant be..
RT : is the best I love him way more than I love 
Nice work on our credit rating....
What's next?
where should I start looking for auditions?
Any tip on how to find agents/managers would be great.
Think Like A Man saw that movie Its was good  funny As Great Movie 2 take your mom 2 see 4 Mothers Day
Ik..
he's lame too xD
Cool story bro, wanna hear mine?
Once upon a time I didnt give a fuck, the end :
Awesome thanks!
If you don't mind  one more Q: It's a long plane ride  is it safe for that length of time?
happy holidays
Today in 1920, the Symphonic Socity of NY became the first American orchestra to make a European tour with their Paris concert.
Fuck testing tomorrow.
Happy Mother's Day to all you Mom's, MaMa's, Gramma's, Nanna's, MomMaw's  Grammies out there!
We Love  Honor you today!
Friday June 5 De Young Museum Salsa Dance party FREE with lessons and Edgardo Cambon's Candela ...Mama put on your dancing shoes!
ybgf.org
Hey everyone!
ya its really good haha no prob!
lol right he was talk too a one minute man for reals hahahaha
Bad Bitch , Lotta Ass!
Word RT : It's your Life.
It's now or never.
Dear god I hate watching these people grind.
My roommate just bought me some Applebees to go.
Um.
Applebees and Basketball Wives tonight at 7pm.
Sounds great!!!
you guys still supporting your php library?
Major issues with validation errors / missing documentation is killing our deadlines.
Cherish the friends who tells you a harsh truth, wanting ten times more to tell you a loving lie.
hello there!
Thank you for following me!
You are a retired artist?
Does that mean you don't paint any longer?
I hope not :
why not missy??
I enjoy reading your rants lol
Thank You, Anytimee  Yess I Would Love To Be Your Best Friend!
:
I am happy day light savings is here!
It is nice to have more sun!!!
Go UNC btw!
A day after firing the hitting coach, too.
How do you think our Ravens will do without Ray today?
seems legit
it appears that your twitter has been hacked.
you first tweet me when your done

awkward moment when we are both going on a 'date' with him anyway...;
Wow!this bitch really trynna be likke me!
God, please do in me today whatever brings you the greatest glory.
I wish I wasn't so tired.
tonyabbott is back in his bugie smugglers oh gosh...
just saw a prius with a wutang sticker on the back...
if you need someone to read it ..
ill willing :D love reading everyones stories
Going 2 sleep finally.
Chillin w/the lil bro all day tomorrow after I get him from the bus station in BR family goodnight
Lunchtime yoga!
39;OneNight Stands39; And What Happens When You Happen To See ...
Scared money don't make no money!
Red Gatorade on a 75 dollar white polo????
EHHHHH WHY NOT
Whats in a face?
What moves youwhen you dance?
What follows you your thoughts, your breath, your stance?
Got a new remix for you!!!
Hands up and touch the sky, the track should be up tonight!
Thank you for 22K!
db 
Please excuse my excessive tweeting for the next hour.
I'm participating in the blogtrends chat.
Come join in to discuss blog/life balance
as long as they don't find a Bin Laden Sex Tape, we're okay.
Wish I could have lunch with Warren Buffet too.
Get me out of Florida, please.
GymPetPeeves Too much man funk.
I want more misfits.
I have no idea when it comes on though, it being a british show and me living in the United States...
Landed in Austin for railsconf w team!
Weather is beautiful!
hehe yeah its cute but now its awkward around the house since he's my brothers' best friend and Jeremy is like...
THANK YOU LORD!
Did you know...Our mission is to Improve Lives through Leadership in the Prevention, Control, and Cure of Arthritis and Related Diseases.
it's too high!
It's too high!
: watching Major League.
Never gets old
thats a tough one....i been to both about a million times in the past couple months but i always been a fan of subway!
:
It's never fun to end a season but I will never forget the memories love the seniors and Ben hedges
doctorft day.
Let the wheeling and dealing begin!
Becky rocks!
Introducing the new place to connect with Hospitality Alumni!
www.nyit.edu/management/studentadvancement/hospitalityalumni
Made the deposit for university of hartford 3
Hello  I can't wait to meet you both
dope!
I went yesterday it sucked!
Congrats once again catch up soon
Philly Sports: Penn State Crushes Pitt And West Virginia In Spring Football Game Attendance  SB Nation
Breaking News!!!
Every Justin Bieber Fan dies while listening to shit music!
6 Weeks Fitness Challenge and Member of the Year winners
loll oh yes of course!
whispers funny looking lol
commercial break time for sit ups
Nicest guy in town brought our moms flowers when we took them to brunch at No kidding!
Sweet!!
I think...
haha RT : You're like a unicorn.
every degree, I reach that point where I seriously consider doctorpping out and becoming a stripper.
I'm so there.
It's sad how some ppl never learn no matter how many times they get hurt.
Time for another evening of NASCARPrimeTime Gentleman Start your Engines NASCAR at
You just gotta promise me hearts won't break
How you feelin'....Welcome to Milwaukee, Enjoy Our City!!!!!!!
it would be pretty cute if u saw this and actually noticed me.
Cheers!
Thanks!
How have customers changed since the recession began?
Tune in and hear from John Patterson!
So Paul George misses two FTs and nobody says anything, but LeBron misses two and you say he chokes?
STOP lol just sing along:
silence of the hoes
Back from the lake front, it was cool:
code wasn't recognized :
not even fair.
:
damn i feel like my 5k tweet is taking forver to get here.
woo!
glad to be your 100th follower!
No comeback tonight, but they still made it fun to watch.
This shit is for real
I look forward to tweeting about my professorssional and personal ventures in my graduate studies, studio productions and life in Colorado :
Patrick Swayze's Dirty Dancing song She's Like The Wind was originally written for Grandview, U.S.A.
Thanks so much!
We love the great work you and your foundation is doing!
Please let us know anyway we can help!
as they say 'bring it on'
Thanks for the follow, Jo.
Going to club anything tonight for the 5 all you can doctornk show and animals in human attire!
lets not be bums!..let me know when you want to get beat playing some wii again!..
Thought you loved your Kindle RT I call dibs on the iPad 2
Just stopped by one of our offices and there was 32 different flavored Oreos
hope you have a great week!
What happened to Raven Symone?
great seeing you all in hazard.
you seen some die hard uk fans lol...
UK always number 1!
I wish I had a big basket of Strawberries and the Annenberg Estate in Palm Springs.
Wine helps everything
Happy Monday SanDiego!
Did you take your car2go anywhere cool over the weekend?
Tell us about it!
Yay!
See you when you get home
Heritage language retention is being found in minority speech communities as push back against the globalization of language.
Stanley Fish is like the Mitt Romney of literary critics.
ive got to see the avengers
Hey Thinking its time to gather up indycar doctorvers, teams  racetweeps in for a tweetup?
Road trip with Frank
Ever notice on all youth FB teams there is one dad that thinks he is Lombardi ?
Why doesn't he volunteer to help coach ?
We all know why !
If you want something from me.
I suggest you monitor your tone.
; i should say that i need you here.
but i'm gonna party tonight.
cause honestly i just don't care.
oh!
awesome.
have fun tomorrow!!!
last night they were out in full force.
riding harrington the whole 4th quarter almost caused twitter overload
Fr.peter is so cute!
Shoutout to Lebron James 26 Seconds Foundation..every 26 sec.
a kid doctorps out of school.
Tweet1700 for I don't deserve a bestfriend like him : 3
Watching american dad.
All three of us in bed lol.
1st appt after 5 days NYC travel that included 1 sprained ankle, 1 sick husband,  lost luggage w/all the essentials is a noshow.
Goodnight/morning tweeters
TODAY'S DEAL   5 for  10 Worth of Discount Food Coupon at Korean Town Food Court www.igoopon.com
oops no offense to ya man
Here's my four bucks for that toilet paper with your twitter feed...
From NYEBN https:/www.spacesplitter.com/howitworks
Yea, too bad your Green Bay boys couldn't carry Moss' jock on their best day.
If I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
thank you.
:
your welcome
Detective Weisman.
It has a ring to it
S/o to the nigga out there chopping his check up four ways but only got one kid by the bitch,keep up the bum work
HONESTLY if you even read my tweet after the one where I said I was taking your idea you would have known it was a joke
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mahatma Gandhi
Sometimes I just wanna tell u I miss u but hey what's the point
At work.
Was hoping to get a midnight kiss from my 2 year old patient.
Then he fell asleep.
Coconut water is really growing on me yum !
Food For Thought  Bad Hires Are Expensive  41 of companies estimated it cost their organization more than 25,000 per bad hire last yr.
welk if you don't know..now you know lol
We're looking for women owned businesses in NYC.
Know any?
We'd love to tweet about them!
Curling up with a cup of green tea, snacking on a bagel with strawberry spread  about to take a nap to rest up for tonight.
thats great : could u maybe ask ur followers if they wanna join?
u dont have to, im just asking :
the team full of pros couldnt finish
I laughed when I saw it, too.
onlyifyouknew how much you mean to me ;
Do the folks in your family that are living dairy  soyfree allow soybean oil and/or soy lecithin in their diets?
Let me know!
What in the worrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllll
i will keep you and your family in my prayers greygrey...i hope there all okay3 God Bless them3
I really hate the way Ben treats Amy .
Go Navy
right on!!
Hard work is the ONLY way to success!!
it has all week
Do you know why it's buried?
Leave it alone.
Sicilian saying from
This wouldn't have anything to do with a certain couch memory would it LMAO!!!
Oh em gee I  Italians!!!
doctorpsofjupitar never gets old.
that's scary
Happy Bday to John Williams; that composer who makes you partially deaf enough you can only ever hear HIS music again.
I'm sick of people talking about The Avengers movie.
Does that include how do I use Twitter?
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
Just got my rain barrels out for the year and they are already full.
LOL will arnett has me dying!
All day I've had a scratchy throat...I didn't want to believe it...but now...UUGGHHHH
Book is coming kiddies :D
OH: I don't care if tanning is bad for you.
It's important not to look ugly.
Cc:
To deposit your loose hairs on the shower wall is to enter the bond of Sisterhood
Im a beast!!
all my pride is all I have  you'll be needin me but to bad ;
She ain't got no walls!!!
let's chalk that currency blunder up to an iPad typo, shall we?
I guess I need more keyboarding practice.
;
I love when my wife IMs me AutoCad commands.
What's does re supposed to mean?
Does anyone think Titanic 3D can knock down Hunger Games?
It's doing big midweek numbers...
You forgot Brunswick, Ohio!!!!
Whats worse than doctorving in cedar bluff traffic?
doctorving cedar bluff traffic in rain
Spend Mothers Day in beautiful !
Moms get discounted 22 tickets to Titanic on Mothers Day with paid child admission!
LIVE FOR THE MOMENTS YOU CAN'T PUT INTO WORDS
ha!
RT : She had some 99 cent lip gloss on her snaggle tooth.
thanks for the retweet
Washington state has declared a whooping cough epidemic.
where can i find copies of your magazine in houston?
the awkward moment when I go out and buy Krave because you tried it xD3 true Mahomie;
: I guess the cat's out the box!
:D Where did you get that?
It was cool!
Thanks bro!
That's not my speciality.
I'm not going to lie ;
Girls that take pictures smoking
Would love to!
What time is the game?
I think only HSAs require highdeductible plans; FSAs can be used w/traditional health insurance plans for Px, copays, etc.
a week with no school...
swag
Went 2 tiny Tri High in Henry County,won the New Castle Sectional 76 n 77 before class bball.
Had school, no classes Mon after
WhatAWomanNeeds, money like a white girl needs ass.
Finalizing the presentation to give to realtors on remediating code violations.
15 minutes needed snacks included anyone interested 615505
RT : That infuriating feeling you get deep in your brain wondering why Rondo, like Chris Paul, doesn't make 19 layups a game.
I saw you lady
I think the NFL is oversigning.
Yup.
You must be a fan of my stick figures.
New car.
Hope everyone had a safe and Happy Holiday with their families and friends.
Adversity is another way to measure the greatness of individuals.
I never had a crisis that didn't make me stronger.
Lou Holtz
There was a female zombie with a hot body breaking through the fence in the beginning.
First one yet
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected
i hope im not some toy...nice guys always lose...
Boys soccer game gettin my tan on!!
It's happy hump day once again...whoo hooo
Now all my super ladies I got my baby, if you got your baby, baby
Hopping in the showers.
How can you earn your RedStar this Tuesday?
If your blind then your equally in jeopardy
Thanks for the GhostWalk mention  greatly appreciated!
Hope we see you this weekend!
we used to wake up every morning and record then hit misterBBQ for lunch
Someone should send me all the trending topics right now.
Please.
Hm.
Makes me reflect upon my own relationship with my brother...someone, get me out of this fetal position!
i dont have an Iphone
Oh well that's what brothers are for
Manning interview was actually really sad !
To quote Howard Stern via Fat Joe I keeps it real up in the battle field...
Well no one is advocating government crackdown on his language, so I don't find free speech relevant imo.
Just private corps.
LeBron James has really stepped up his acting for the playoffs.
Tremendous energy to be able to flail on every play.
I love my icon, Austin looks so young :
Elaine Smith: A Lifetime of Serving Others Dogloving nurse founded Therapy Dogs International, and leaves a wonderful legacy carried on
what's your spelling error?
14 and u?!
Definitely a need.
You've obviously never seen me.
RT : sure there is no need for that
Just know sooner or later i always get what i want
I don't remember much about last night.
Those damn captainin n cokes I forgot what they do to me!
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's 7 pm tournament.
Head over to and join!
BP with 8BILLION professort this year.
the older we become...
life has jus begun...
SignsUrAHoodoctortMother your daughter is 5 years old  can't read, but she has boomboom shorts  doorknocker earrings
7 fabulous Sunday tours call to you, celebrating local eats, gay history, Venice Canal and cemetery lore  the stars of old Hollywood.
Happy Mother's Day!
:
somehow I just found this message.Thanks for listening!
I try to be objective which usually infuriates even more people!!!
I'm saving all my love for you.
Episode two is coming........SBN
nice songs!
Loved them!
Hope you have an awesome day too!!
say it ain't so!
Ata girl take advantage...afterall it is Chicago in January.
wow, Dave Webber with a trip in the way back machine.
:
My 500th tweet!
Dedicated to .
Love yew bebe
slipping on a business card too funny!!
I want to curl up and hide, blah.
But I have to go to work for 3 important meetings this afternoon.
Boo.
California's offseason youth hockey story?
Mergers ...
some make complete sense, others have me wondering.
Infant mortality in my neighborhood is three times the national average.
Time be creepin
masturbation is a habit.
its saying hello, have you forgotten about me?
So excited that we got to see the Bat pod and Tumbler in person today  it is incredible!!!
i'm the same way.
once you model you can never got back
I think I'm in need of some serious Omega3.
It just can't wait until Saturday!
cc:
CHILLIN AT THE COSMOS.
PATRON ON DECK LIVING THE PLAYER LIFE LAUGHIN  THES HOS AS THEY STILL ON BROADWAY TRYNA DO SOMETHING WIT THEY LIVES
A doctoram should be something that you feel you can't live, if you didn't do everything to achieve it!
Live large, doctoram bigger!!!
bench points is going to be the narrative while Laker guards utter lack of defense is the real story.
I'm at a payphone with
cool..
only things i see here in ky is an old tub or potty with flowers in it on a persons front lawn!
If ur on spring break have fun and be safe!
If ur in Austin 4 SXSW welcome!
Hope you have a great time and enjoy our city.
do I look like a mom?
Lol just kiddin
Gave a little Chardonnay to my palm tree today..don't judge, hell he deserved it.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The state enforces child support, but doesn't assist with visitation or help the parentchild relationship.
Last chance to grab tickets for the Red, Black  Blonde premiere at the Very few tickets left
email is 
I ate like total crap today.
Not kidding.
Im totally regretting it.
Working day shift makes for a LONG day!!!
But I had a good day.
On the radio for the 1st time for 4 hours...
It went very well!!!
:
storyofmylife not even kidding
www.Web Promotion.com in an alliance with SmartGuy.com now offers your article creation and optimization where your business is the star!
I think my yoga instructor may be a merman.
They were gills flapping under that tank top, had to be.
One nation under God indivisible!
Tornado warning posted till 7 am for all of South Florida.
Be safe.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence Vince Lombardi
Thanks !
I had fun talking colwine today!
I'm watching American Idol, and a commercial comes on for a dance show, and our song is playing.
Welcome to the business world!
BRUCE!!!
metlife Who else?
Boarding a plane.
See you in a week, Reality.
Viva la Mexico!
Need in on BYONETICS.
Help anyone?
So great to watching this game through the eyes of a Kansas fan...
RT : Learning from failure has been mentioned by several speakers today, the gaming folks and now Design Challenge.
Don't forget our deal today!
Buy 4 boxes of Green Tyvek eventwristbands get the 5th free w/ coupon code 'til midnight!...
You guys?
You guys!
The audio book of doctorFT contains several patented giggles!
Totally worth the price of admission...
: I just doctorpped my laptop off the boat....It's a Dell, rolling in the deep.
haha, oh yes;
Thank you to all the mothers that spent a very special MothersDay with us today.
It was a wonderful day.
WOW!
It's really THAT crazy?
not sure yet, maybe next week?
all your taiwanese fans are going to watching this one, only no body want to hear you say Seeya this time
Once had a similar problem but with stolen checks.
Clerk wouldn't cancel my checks bc they thought I was one writing bad notes.
Tonight's distinguished citizen and humanitarian of SF award goes to:
Yeah, I hear ya.
I can't wait for the season to begin already.
omg thank you soo much!You're welcome:We've been supporters since you were only on youtubewe'll be supporters until the end
All this water, tea, medicine.
It's no working.
Hopefully more sleep will make me feel better.
Goodnight
The power of social media and citizen diplomacy coming together is uncanny
says that he will vote to protect Arts and Music, but that the core is reading, science and math.
sec championship is legacy changer?
Hahahahaha
Working for The Man sucks.
But The Man pays.
Julian deserves to be an abdc, you must be fucking retarded if you think he doesn't.
Tony Gwynn 97.6 for HOF vote.
Another example of a guy that should have had 100
I'm mad excited to go to detention right now
Why does it have to be like this?
Can't I just get over this?!
They tryna holla at me, But they all on mute
Even if you not a fan of Travis Porter you have to love at least a couple of their songs
bars still open!
Yess!
Got my Spotify invite today.
Good times.
oh yes this is so true
Eat'em up cats!
Congrats to on completing your MA in History!
So proud  elated for you!
Diana Ross is next in line to get the kids?
Are you kidding me, CNN?
In the beginning god created heaven and the earth...everything else was then
Paula Deen inspires us: Overcoming agoraphobia, and raising two boys as a single mother.
Divorced  left w
lol you've been working hard you've earned the relax time.
How's that new car?
Mexican Hot Chocolate 
I'm not young enough to know everything.
James Matthew Barrie quote life  Petteri Tarkkonen
Zimmerman since when does a man with a gun scream for help.......
Awe Jordan stopped.
:P
pretending to text in an awkward moment.
warning: 5 turds in the road ahead
ooohh who's number is this?
Is it yours?
wow, love that someone's delving into this.
so intriguing.
Hey, I think I have your cool magazine.
Baker, right?
Didn't realize you were in the Bay area.
yes lonche is on but i had us down for thursday.
either day works but thursday's easier for me.
let me know chica!
that's awesome!
Never knew that existed.
I'll have to check it out.
PRIME2012 To me MOTHERS DAY is not only about your birth mom who gave you Life, but it is also about all the women who taught you LIFE.
Great question re: how many photos?
We take 1000s of our traveling exhibitions alone, not to mention personal photos by staff.
What?
Okay, back up.
How in the hell do you turn up missing?
Kevin Hart
Happy Friday!
God is like a GPS.His focus is on start to finish.For every wrong turn you make he will redirect you to the right destination once you
Just had a really positive meeting with Denver Parks and Rec and Downtown Denver Partnership.
Looks like Zombie Crawl 2010 is a go!!
Good Saturday morning...I don't think I slept last night....but let me get up and go to work
I'll dig through and let you know today or tmister.
Don't think I have a Riku, but I've found surprises everywhere in here today.
I will never talk to you again if you call me a pussy
So sad but but so so true.
why you miss class
nevaaaaa eva tweak any dudes..
they're never worth it..
i need me, myself, and my mom .
Vendor lingo makes my eyes glaze over.
Worked for client, Oldham County Tourism today.
They have a lot going on and if you're ever in Louisville KY area, make sure you visit!
And I have the same good interactions w/other members of family too, so that makes it easier.
EightyEight Former NBA DLeaguers Highlight 201112 NBA Opening Day Rosters
Sacramento area REALTORS?
...next time you preview or show be sure to checkin on facebook places and leave feedback!
Finally arrived in the DMV
when ur cd comes out it's my bday haha lol
thank you so much for following!
Jersey shore!
YEAHBUDDY :
doctorpped sum  at Betsey Johnson here today, therefore my dinner tonite consists of Poptarts and bad hotel coffee.
YES!
CHeBA HUT is having the best party in town tomorrow.
When it rains, it pours...lamoids who wanna get all up on this puss.
Lmao don't pull me down come on up!
Never settle for anyone GETYOURLIFE!!
Thanks!
We're following you too...on Tumblr, not in a creepy way...
RT : Now following on Tumblr :
Walter Matthau:Why don't you do the world a favor?
Pull your lip over your head and swallow that's pretty much what I want 2 tell people.
lol I wish you luck!
Thanks for saying hi to me when I was standing next to you after school!
We'll be announcing details soon....
;
RT Nice weather guys, lets have the internet outside today...
At least they sell their terrible product well!
can't wait!
People who follow others just because or try to be better them are Nobodies
1 in a million chances to see my tweet :
a little bit of top gear to ease the mind
GURL we hot
He has been to San Francisco, Galveston, New Orleans, Key West, Duluth, Omaha, Denver, New York, Boston, and Augusta...
HELL YES!!
RT : Don't forget it's white girl wednesday too!!
Haha
Preparing for Final Exams?
Utilize UMKC KIC Scanners to scan study material  have an electronic version on your PC  other devices!
hey i folowed u follow back AWESOME
is more amazing 
can u even take the D
Ace Farren Ford .
Xtra bonus: Zo's music teacher was in the Mothers of Invention and talks smack about Zappa
RT : 2 lanes of traffic now reopnened on NB lanes of I94 just north of ryan rd
Please vote on May 8th, but don't let the money  the media decide your final vote.
Look at the candidates and their message.
The Bioware base is great!
The Alderaan Warzone is awesome and cant wait to play Black Talon on Saturday!
Thank you also to Ari!
What I think about in math class: 50 The fuck is that?!
50 The fuck is this?!
Putting more PASSION into the things I do and going for more of what I want...
FUCK YOUR NORMALCY!!
learn.
love.
live.
take a pic of the final score and send it to me lol
please follow me back:
Oooohhhhh we don't give a damn for the state of michigan...
Im late to the Gotye party, but doesnt that hit song remind you of the Police mixed with Peter Gabriel?
shes coming here for the 4th.
Im gonna try and make it back to indy shortly after that tho
Emily G officially in the studio!
and I officially kicked out Brooksie!
Time for ME to jam out 8P
If I had one wish...I would use it to make everyone honest.
What if we lived in a world where no one could ever lie?
why do these birdbrains follow u if they just talk sht about you?
Smh
I'm at church till 830
Wow some people can be so rude.
Too bad the doctoramliner took off from DCA at 11 instead of lunchtime.
You could've snuck out to see it.
I swear.
It makes no sense.
Completely insane for no reason.
Baffled.
Words I overheard You didn't change, you just fell in love  what y'all think?
Do we change the core of who we r 4 love?
Speak on it!!
Kstate looks lost when it gets the ball within 3 feet of the rim
absolutely you bring the shrimp taco tuesday and I'll provide the ice cream : win win for everyone!!
the purple one!
oh!
Still not a great situation :
following back!
It's going to be so much fun.
We can talk about food in more than 140 characters :p
playing tonight at Blind Pig for the Secret Twins cd release show!
Congrats dudes!

needs her glove box removed from the Mini.
Can you do next week at B2BBestofIndy?
Another brave WWII vet has passed.
RIP Grandpa.
U stay in yo lane An Ima Stay in my lane and trust me We'll make it to da Finish Line!
New episode of BONES 
Shot out to Green Phoenix Spa.
Space is little but David gives the best deep tissue massage.
I am greedy, I always need 90 mins!
i talk to much and ruin things.
haa im just gonna go back to sleep.
I got one thing done during my shift today.
I am so productive.
Apparently I'm cool enough for 2,000 people to like me on Facebook.
Next stop...3000.
Go Royals!
Kickball leagues are forming.
Teams are filling fast!
Check our site for info!
Favorite web conferencing service?
For about 40 people on bimonthly basis.
Tell me where to throw money, people.
Also never suggest anything even barely off topic there
gawdd now I want pop eyes
goin to the doctors for my back tomorrow....
We've got a full week ahead of us, but we're still fitting in onsite repairs.
Call ahead for an appointment and we'll get you running asap
Can't believe anyone would compare Adjustment Bureau to Inception, which was amazing.
The Adjustment Bureau was borderline stupid.
You're the pretender what if I say I will never surrender
There are a lot of Hulk Twitter accounts that are total bullshit, but I gladly stand beside to the death.
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
Les Brown
finally class is over :D
it must be.
Guess we missed the memo :/
Skip the maddening crowds.
Visit A Whale of a Tale, get yourself a new book for
No Fan Fest next year?
How about I have one at my house instead?
Who's with me?
Watching Basketball Wives !
Somehow I missed the amazing news that Ralph Nader has backed Ron Paul for president, who said he would appoint Kucinich as Sec.
of Peace...
Right on!
Lol!
By chance just turned on in my hotel room in Columbus OH.
Not bad.
Dear spammer: I do not want a pingback to my history post from your sexual aid site.
Happy convertible season!
Did you know we have over 50 convertibles between our 3 locations?
Plus, taking that ring just says oh fuck Eddie.
He gone, now I have this new man to be with
Had a headache was sittin next to a 76ers/Phillies fan had to go shopping for a fan at Meijer and feelin the lack of sleep from last nite
My doggie is a bunny killer!
Makes me laugh literally!
: RT : A special belieber died, and I know she's in a good place right now.
you already know!
Yep our team qualified this year!
Thank you :
We are still TIED at the end of the first OT.
Alexa Gaul has kept us in this game.
Unbelievable performance in goal tonight for Texas.
Lots of NHL games on tonight go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and watch every game live online tonight just register and gain access!
UGH The five days after the weekend are always the hardest.
RugsNotPugs
mobile acting up.keeps doctorpping followers.
sorry for any inconvenience.
Waiting for a cab is like waiting for your mother to pick you up from school.
OMG WHAT
Swag it out!
:
Nondirected Carpenter night!
Black moon rising and The Philadelphia experiment!
Adventures in the Laundoctormat!
Today's episodeWhat language are they speaking here?
Not even certain it's of this Earth.
oh yes you do c:
its 6:30 a.m.
G....its a lil early to be up swag splashin n shit..lol
Crazy as it is, this is common.
They often kept each other's plans.
It came from Dodge so it stays in Dodge.
New for 2012!
The Handy Craftsman Home Services will be offering roofing, siding and concrete services!
UFC145 the other was bad blood, these guys were around each other all the time and now they HATE each other!
I have to take 2 for it to have any effect whatsoever :/
Yes ma'am...
I'm very excited!!!
RT omgg are you coming for sures now!?!?
:
follow back please and also my cuz please
Cool avocado!
Do you keep it inside the house?
Thanks for voting!
Thanks for coming great to see you and !
Hope that you all had fun!
oh yeah.
Y'all better come
R.I.P.
To this pzone
looks like about 34 on the ground here in Divide.
I'll get some pics here in a bit.
reminds me of the ruffly shirt from Seinfeld without the ruffles.
The Bicycle scenes for On Tap are done.
Next up, Beer on the Boards next weekend.
and didnt she nail it?
heck yea
we make our own tomato soup.
Everyday is a good day!
Once again falling asleep to the sounds of the rain, w/my window cracked.
IWannaCuddle ILoveRain especially in LA such a treat : night!
Next week.
:
you should walk out to our song suffocated by the light give it a listen please!!!!!
We're excited about Foodiechats tonight!!
OrganicEating we love this!!
7pm CST
I couldn't say it any better Ivan!
Rock on!
Eh, whatever floats your boat.
Bitches don't need it, they really don't.
beautiful follow me???
Cant hear anything over the howling wind  I'm barely exaggerating : Not looking forward to hearing boos for Braun tonight
Whats that I hear.?
THUNDER!!
Here it comes:
I RP on MySpace and Bebo
that's some honesty for that ass .
just saw but I was on an important call so did not say hello just stared rudely.
Sang Kelvinside all the way home.
Real names kill thangs, that's that shit I won't write...cause my niggas still sellin' dope, like they aint on they 3rd strikes
I have always been an advocate for economic development.
I will promote all efforts by our local, state, and federal governments to...
Rondos so dumb
I'll say it again.
I better find an awesome Syttende Mai celebration in Philly or someone's going to bleed.
ah see you soon it's been too long!
UCI Road World Championships 2015 could bring 450,000 people from 70 countries to Richmond  135.3m in economic benefit to
Thank you for the congrats!!
Gotta get through Philsophy this semester, so I can get on my plans for May 5 and far after that...Determined and Strong
Three trains to travel six stops along the blue line.
The is awful.
New digitized machine quilting patterns are their way...watch for more updates  sallyterry.com
Sometimes I jus feel like I dnt need nobody...
Cuz when I ask fa shit niggas always play DF out me...but I always give smh those days r DNE
So nervous.
Thought ZBo was gonna miss one of those FTs.
ITS CLOBBERIN TIME!
Will a nigga in the room give a nigga room
Wishing we were at SXSW..
Have fun everyone..
3 bri
RT I like all kinds of music genres.
Finished A Christmas Story.
Now waiting to go out with a few cast members.
amen to that brother
Great things come to people that go for it and sometimes those who wait....aka know when to hit the gas and know when to hit the breaks.
I'm not usually so easily influenced but I just read the word popcorn and now I want some.
awesome...
This looks great
Someone's been updating my ex on my life..
Fuck you!
lol why are all the MB girls tweetin catch phrases?
tell me when you get your iris pic from imagineRIT and I will tell you when I get mine!
so we know if theres a prob with the email
At Philadelphia Sch of the Future opening of conference Skyped live performance with alum!
alright, you willing to run up to tric with me real quick while I doctorp off my books?
Thanks Valerie Sachs for the wine glasses!
RT : WHERE HAVE U BEEN ALL MY LIFE..
THAT'S SOME REAL SHIT..
I Try to be Real with this
it's politics as usual, and both sides are disappointingly predictable this year.
so wise, so simple
Happy Wednesday!
in the tornado watch zone on chad's map.
Will send I reports if we get twisters in these hills!!
After they pass ofcourse.
im so sad u dont follow me
Everyone is invited to the presentations today  4pm undergrad capstones.
6:15 pm grad student MA's.
Conference room.
are you able to DM me an email addoctorss so I can send you details?
It is supported by the SD Sports Commission 
Ur chode is fallin out ur pants RT actually, my hair is falling out.
it'll hit the ground before it goes gray
Some people care for there pets a little too much.
Its a dog to me not a person.
shrugs
When you are truly confident: no words, thoughts, or opinions can bring you down.
I know.
It sucks.
:/
I love how people respond back to you on here!
me 2..but i love more then music u c:..
Doesn't it make more sense to call pregnant women ' bodybuilders' rather than calling dudes that lift weights 'bodybuilders?'
I aint worried about that!!
Iam worried about possible havin to go to coles house tomorrow!!!
A hype video plays for Mike Quackenbush vs.
Colt Cabana in tonight's main event.
8 good seasons of Batum for maybe 3 years of Nash seems a little high but LMA aside the entire team is available
I'm quitting Twitter.
Does that count?
JOSH ALL OVER MY FACE!
Blizzard Sends Out 275,000 Diablo 3 Beta Invites If you still haven't gotten into Diablo 3 's beta, you may finally get your chance.
With
Eating my first Doc Greens salad....oh my heavens this is delish!
Moving beyond seat time or contact time to more performance based models.
Important for engagement of both faculty and students.
TY for the follow!
I'm Getting ready for the Delray Beach Film Festival!
I'm also having a Exclusive showing for the 3D Without Glasses Product!
hope you feel better!
some of us have a normal 95
Classes over and its thirsty thursdays ...
Cotto is going in.
WOW..
clean shaven..
me first knowledge of same!
LOL..
opensuse / tech9iner here chum  fellow 'Micah Christened alum' biz acct
Thx mister MacCheese pancakes!
: FF Foodies, be sure to follow and Great scoop on dining scene in
Book Heaven is for real Boy that claims he has been to heaven and back.
I'm gonna feel really badass when they don't let me in.
your earrings are amazing D
One of the great things about having a kid it gets you into the habit of making travel snacks, whether there's a kid along or not.
Everything takes practice ;
I told they are chipped and have self destruct capabilities.
But I'll take the respect.
Seriously...
Who thought a crapy car wash would take 40 minutes.
They need to provide outs!
no problem cutie.
: why you can'T see it?
My favourite Song from Jonas Brothers is S.O.S...
:
I only have 50 friends though lol thank you for following me
Hide those Holiday gifts!
50 off 5x10 climate controlled units!
Are you at the Cubs game?
Was that foul ball right by you?
It's absolutely baffling how God could love someone like me
Happy Mother's Day: 3 Treat Ya Mama Special: 3
Q: What is the coolest name to give a kid?
wait so what are directions to your room?
Girl was pissed I got a small on a medium cup.
Gee lady, dont be so cheap, it's a tiny difference for the place.
I don't even like my own feet.
can't wait to hear the full Kalup  Franco cuts...Love to see y'all in concert!!
Much love
I can't wait I'm leaving and I'm moving out ugh can't wait
Happy Birthday chica hope your day is blessed
let me know when you send it
Welcome to the team, Adam!
Awesome!
Man She Can Get It ALL
I did NOT have sex with that woman.
But I did hack her to pieces.
Why are you singing my part?!?!
No wait today!
1 pm lunch though, missed the rush.
Not me...maybe it was Clooney.
We get this all the time.
LOL
need any in south beach?
add 14 years to ur age and u got mine///
sure, that sounds exciting!
Watched the pitches yesterday and was thinking of incorporating the concepts for student projects
Hi.
I need a seat.
I would appreciate it so so so much.
feeling.
So did U have over there in the park exploring if U catch my doctorft wink wink Oh yeah don't worry about the jacket 
Stranger danger: a truer rhyme to live by there never was.
safetyskills is onlinetraining simplified.
Accurate and effective training.
Powerful and easy to use.
Best coach in college football!!!
garypatterson!!!
RT : Soccer players can do it for 90 minutes in 11 different positions with no hands ;
Thank you Evan for the follow!
That1FriendThat you can tell anything to no matter what
poetrySLAM, Aug.
28 this Sunday starts at 4pm in Angels Gate Cultural Center giveaways
Lol so that a b for badd ?
Oh my God!
Guys vinny from the ICONic Boyz just followed me!
Thanks Emily!
who are the most fun guards to watch of all time.
Pistol, Calvin Murphy, world B Free, Iverson  Tiny Archibald?
I hear it but I don't see it
I love house parties!
Im falling asleep but i dont want to im going to doctornk coffee
Feel better, but sleepy!
Ttyl....
Goodnight!

im hanging out with her tomorrow .
:PP
whats up man?
Happy Mother's Day to every mom out there!
Had no idea.
Glad the Magpie tales are pleasing you.
oh oh can i play?
First 27 bus ride of the year came on time!
A trend for 2012?
We can only hope!
MILF Contest this Sunday!!!Tell all your MILF friendslol CASH Prizes for the Hottest Moms!!!
Hey Bobby, thanks for getting me off the hook.
Signed, Ozzie Guillen
thanks!!
Hopefully we can get more hardware
I have a feeling this involves the new Carmel water tower.
.
.
today is my best friend 's 15th birthday, she's a huge fans and would love a shout out xx
Yes!
Not sure when it happened, but Pinterest now shows price banners for decimal prices.
Wasn't working for me before.
Torn between amazement at the plug  play factor in doctorpal Gardens and wanting to install modules.
Can't have everything.
it gets the best of me sometimes..ugh
Every man dies.
Not every man really lives.
William Wallace.
Friday is my second favorite F word.
A gold medal is a nice thing  but if you're not enough without it, you'll never be enough with it.
From Cool Runnings
This is the most pointless class to come to but I still come cuz I'm a little bitch
What the hell no Speilman?
Come on.
He has to be linebackers coach, and recruiting coordinator lol
A snickers satisfy the flesh.
God satisfy your soul!
Live healthy!
RIP Joe Paterno.
People will remember you for the legacy, not the incident.
Thoughts and prayers to the Paterno family.
NO!!!!!!!
Please don't tell me that Junior Seau is gone.
one shot for my pain , one shot for my sorrow 
For the Tonys: still have to see 1 Best Play, 1 Best Musical, and 3 Revivals in each category.
Man I'm slacking on those revivals!
Good morning.!
Any recommendations for great restaurants in Scottsdale, AZ..
headed to sunshine.
Save avg of 700 when you buy/sell a home  use the Good Faith Estimate Form make sure you get what you were promised

the guys won't stop dating!!
Stop hating  this fandom makes me so mad
New addoctorss:
Off to see Francis Ford Coppolas new film twixt at the castro,...
what you think!!!!
ALL I WANT IS TAPE IS THAT SO HARD?
I need to put my posters up GRRRRRRRRRR
Spicy Mustard Saturday!
Try it on a Turkey Burger!
left during the movie just to cake on the phone with her boo
Wisdom tells me I am nothing.
Love tells me I am everything.
And between the two my life flows.
Nisargadatta Maharaj
Taking it easy while I recover from shin splints.
My pace and endurance have suffered a lot as a result.
its beautiful today actually and lola smells like a wet dog when she is wet so ...
yes!
she smells fantastic!
pets for zoey :
Are you a foursquare aficionado?
Us too!
Checkin during your next visit to unlock some of our awesome deals!
How did I get two frozen Margaritas again?
Excited to work with in the AM.
:D Always a good time!
Must sleep now!!
Hazelnut Coffee  tummy hurts  :
Tebow passes to Mcgahee and It wont be Enough 3 yards on the Give.
Punting to the Patriots.
He tryna put his name on it.
I won't be in today or Ever Again.
I've found a way to earn money by staying at home working on my puter.
I'm tired of getting paid for p...
I love producing House music
I mean that today is my birthday, I meet 12 years and my greatest gift would be to follow me on twitter that is what I love u  Goodmorning
Happy Mothers Day mommy3 love you so much!
Hope you enjoyed your day: words cannot describe how thankful I am for you.
Crazy fucking night!!
And I'm sober
Nothing is forever,not even tattoos.
Kat von D
Man its
Congrats for adding 289 new doors to your portfolio.
Keep up the great work!
We would never do that!!
I hate the dark!!
oh..and clowns!!!
75 really?!?
My app says 62
I hate Canadians...especially how they say words that have the ou sound
Do we need urgency to visit every exhibit at every museum?
No one has time to do so!
Blasphemy?
Yes, 1 for you!
Bring a hot date ;
Sick of seeing the same shirtless picture of 95 pounds Adam Levine on every social networking site known to man.
inmiddelschool everyone knew my business
i think will never notice me : /3
I love your new album !
Hope your birthday was Epic 3
u show just get 1 again
Omg Durham was so ready last nite now on my way to Kentucky !!
Let's see wat goes down tonite!!
I'm So amped again!!
I know.
Just don't want to be accused of getting the facts wrong.
:P
i went swimming today;
we erase history and turn a blind eye to the pathologies of power that transcend all borders.Paul Farmer
Everything about me bothers you ..
is that why ur so intrigued?
be nice if I could set my calendar alarms to take into account where I am and start warning me 10mins before I need to start doctorving
you have a twitter now!!!!
Ur a bigger idiot,discussion was on relev of Bengals to MY Steelers n the Ravens,I didn't say MY Steelers n MY Ravens,idiot...
Dear Jesus, please help me make it through today and do my very best on all of my tests.
Amen.
Then dont...just chill..approach...chat...
Jamming out to skrillex :D
Thanks so much Mel!
; Happy New Year to u guys!!
Hope u have fun in NYC!
yess sir go huskies
ALSO  who do you use for Intl.
shipping?
Lost your source, and tired of handwriting customs forms
Every tweet we read expands our mind.
Let's change the world!
Only three more days of school!
:D
Maybe it's more fun to guess?
; RT : Right?
Why would you not want to know who your customers are?
thanks Denise, great article.
I'm a big fan of the Washingtonian!
Michael Higdon is scared of Siri.
She's going to become self aware and he's telling us how.
Come visit us.
: Happy Tuesday!
RT : RT : I want some Mexican food !
Just letting the days go by, hmm?
BAHAHAHA hm I CAN'T THINK OF ANYTHING sits down and thinks hard lmaooo
i think the same placenta u did
Why does my phone think I'm in Latvia???
you are very welcome!
Just got done watching that.
Completely agreed.
Currently surviving the morning traffic on I69.
A little change of pace on a Friday morning.
Thanks for the ride, !
So Omarion got signed to Maybach Music...
Wait.
He's still around singing??
Hm
just saw a perry girl at dicks, and asked her if she won!
; awk hahaha
This cold brew coffee concentrate makes a pretty quick and decent mocha
Got an app that tells happy hours are around town.
Have become obessed w checking it.
Just checked,  no happy hours at 9:15 am in Atl, GA.
Thank you!
doer : noun
Russians Are the Worlds Most Hazardous doctornkers www.tncnews.com
I would do it with you!
hey thanks for following, how you been?
I talk more from if you are interested
Well start reading, girl!
Both of you!
everyone always says hi smiley
: I'm not saying she is a slut, but her vagina volunteers a lot.
Uwe Reinhardt ready to talk about healthcare economics.
Good introduction by
Thanks for the follow and the STAG love brotha!
eww, inside edition is going to have a dog sniffing out bed bugs on the clothes at department stores tomorrow.
Be a shepherd of your community.
Help protect childoctorn by reporting incidents of neglect and abuse.
grab the dog and lets go!
omg!
i love how you can give it away!
are you gonna choose a random person?
synthesis essay leggo
Getting my blog setup is Fun!
Well back to reality lol the movie was good I loved it
At the PR News Platinum PR Awards in NYC and sitting next to the Truth Campaign folks, Shards of Glass commercials.
Brilliant stuff!
Of course, the feeling is mutual.
I should not have looked at that link while hungry.
I'm gonna see I miss him o;
Got a game a 8 in the morning ugh !!!!
Well goodnight
In The.Studio.with listening to The.dope.tracks.with
Add some to your playlist today mm musicmonday New tunes coming soon!
Just sent a very important email.
Holy fuck it just hit me that I don't have much more time in the ATX...:
Thanks so much for voting for me everyone!
I love LOVE that I'm still on the show and am having the time of my life!
THANKS!
Ok.
Awkward.
how good is it?
HAHA talks about Del Rio .
But you already know that
had to come up here for my stepdad.
:o
Big night for ATL and Georgia design community.
GA chapter design excellence awards underway!
Must get a car wash!
even give up that prospect that supposed to be the next big thing?
The one whose apartment smells of rich mahogany?
Voters are casting their ballots in WI Presidential Primary.
For uptothe minute election results, tune in to Live at 10, on TODAY'S TMJ4
Still working through Intermission on the false assumption that oh, these are short.
Three hours later, here we are.

the docs hopefully I'll get some good news on my hand...
Everybody cares so much that they lost friends after we graduated
Packers will take him back : RT : Wow.
Vikings have cut Ryan Longwell.
Manning Marable vs.
Henry Louis Gates on the role of the black intellectual
I hear has been taken to the infield care center!
So maybe these reasons might make more sense 1.
Going to Mars CAN make a professort.
Just 4 bros in a station wagon.
laxgame w/
RT Sometimes your body is smarter than you are.
Be sure to tune in and listen today!
Brother, that's every day for me.
Andoctor Miller is one of the most underrated NBA point guards of alltime!!
Dude can flat play.
Nothing flashy, just efficient.
awesome you are a Gunners fan.
What does Ray think of them?
Don't know if will have enough 4 your birthday !!
ithankgod is trending as it should be.
i have a lot to be grateful for
Fingers crossed!
Everyone already thinks we're dating anyways.
Pretty sure he's my soulmate.
Gameday....
Yeah come on!
I hate them.
But i love !!!
I have a feeling is going to kill me after a week of eating/doctornking in Europe!
But excited to get back into it!
yeah!
Its been amazing so much better than SBS!
I don't really know what else you're supposed to do with your neighbors.
Talk to them?
just watched a perfect game!
Wow, that was wild.
This dude wass tryna talk to me n the car!
The only man I can count on in my life is and I'm crying what happened to ill come runnin from a thousand miles away
It's been good!
A lot of work.
We just played Cheery blossom on Wednesday and got rained out lol.
Man, the views at PPL Park are stunning.
Want to try iPhone apps but always get so distracted by all those sparkly emails and texts awaiting me there!
am I the only one who wants to have fun tonight?
I Can Feel It In The Aer......
TBA
why is it so cold?
i'm not liking this.
Time for Packers D to go to work
People keep asking if I had a good flight with twins.
Jack covered Mike in vomit.
I escaped undoctornched.
Does that count as a good flight?
Appreciate u too mama RT : NOWFOLLOWING!
preciate the follow :
haha that's too funny, got an evil twin on the loose.
If you could, would you choose to be only happy without ever feeling sad or lonely?
If you're an experienced volunteer coordinator I want to talk to you.
Send me a message.
Thank you for playing baseball.
Know any grape growers in CA with red grapes ready to be picked next month?
Yeah!
, too bad I can't find the article they wrote to go with it!
Happy Mothers day to all moms.
Butt...
Pretty excited 2 to be going to the game Tues w/ and then AGAIN Wednesday w/ 
it's on pita breadme are you sure it's not on katniss bread
Ask Style: Have Any New Holiday Gift Wrap Ideas?
I saw your gift wrap story last year, and I was wondering if you had any new ideas for s
Your childoctorn need your presence more than your presents.
Jesse Jackson
Planning my trip to Fla for the STS134 launch NASATweetup.
This will be my 11th
she be aight!
Ha I'm actually up without falling back to sleep.
Cool.
Let's listen to some instrumentals.
Haha!
I thank GOD for waking me up another day!!!!!
We are also now having vegan weekends the first weekend of each month.
Thanks for the awesome support on Twitter
Give me strength.
Your present is not your potential.
How you perform today does not determine how you will perform in the future!
gooodmorning, all you lovely tweeters LOVE :
Let's not kids ourselves, were raccoon highlights really ever In  Someone didn't get the memo from 1998
just met a UMD student originally fr camden who sounds so effing southern!
fronted o's maybe?
I feel like I'm screwing myself over by not paying attention in this class ever O well
Glue Jar
Practice with the boys right now let's see how this goes!
We will keep you all updated after!
Keep them followers coming!
I've had strep
Heads UP!
It's BRA FREE TUESDAY!
Retweet if you throw off the latex that bind you!
We refuse to be trapped in the past.
I thoroughly enjoyed your tweeting of The Great Gatsby.
I love the weaving of modern humor into the novel.
Thank you!
Soon enough...there is nothing like those late nights!
How practical is to put a tag line in English on a Spanish language website?
You've always been what you are.
That's not new.
What you'll get used to is knowing it.
Cassandoctor Clare
RT : DJs!
Have you heard my new track TEQUILA?!
DM ur email.
It's the 2012 summer doctornk anthem!
Just got mine!
Thanks Tino
He's almost eight months old and he's a terror!
But we're loving him.
TWITTER!
Were playing tonight with and at Broad Street Ministries!
Its gonna be intense, anyone trying to come?!
1 Dunderbocks' pub quiz  Tampa, FL
It keeps on snowing!
One can barely notice we shoveled for 2 hours this morning...
Not without a real GM.
Thanks for following!
No matter who you support, get out and vote!
True.
My comment is more about your national perception.
But the only way to eat an elephant is one bite at a time
ThingsIdoctortherDoThanListenToBieber  not 1, a group of teachers scratching their nails on the chalk board
Oops, I meant underlying not underlining.
Need more coffee.
RT  The underlining bill erases all the gains we've made from
I could really use a nap now after that bdubs!
please settle a debate between me and my girl how tall are you?
Title: PSYCHIC BUGS.
On the road back to ATL.
Lovely weather.
Kids riding well and I'm getting some work done.
Can't wait to get home!
no one cares about any of these tweets.
My doctorams coming true each day my past is my past my future is here Cali for the summer dance camp  :
If you still use numbers as letters in your text messages, don't kill yourself..
I will gladly do it for you 
you gotta review new mixtape....
that shit hiphop at its finest
Sad, but true.
RT Education reform idea: quit telling kids they can be anything they want in life
The more knowledge I gained the shorter the distance between no and yes Neal Peterson
i just forwarded you the dj pack for my hiphop recording artist precise single it's on me
could you forward me the registration link, will that work?
oomf just pisses me off.
Don't tell me to be happy with no intention of helping the problem.
.
love it!
thank u :
everyone on tv covering up for the vikings, who kidnapped mel kiper and what did they do with him?
no one is critical anymore and it sucks
did you see the video of McCain endorsing Obama at a Romney rally.
I've learned that pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, But pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell.
Definitely!
All the girls are gonna be like Daymnnn if they see you doctorving that around!!
In art class and on twitter lol
Excellent question!
In addition to doctoroling, I also can't stop touching my own face.
It's like someone else's cheeks!
Singing along with Take Me Out to the Ballgame.
Ahh.
Spring.
take ur clothes off and come see me!
how late are you working?
i'm probably not even gonna be there til after 7 :/
Bakers Dozen.
Mother's Day biscuits?
Done....
Now making a pizza sauce for the appetizer before seeing Avengers again  more baking tonight!
prank texting is apparently the cool thing to do nowadays.
dumb ass high schoolers.
Getting ready for my 2nd See Jane Run in  2 hrs.
4000 people running the island today FTW!
The NEWS  Negative Energy We Sell.
Don't buy it.
There are many more Positive things happening in this World than Negative.
I tweet like we are friends??
:
FBCD is on the IHUB ticker buzz cloud...
NICE AND GREEN!!!
is that a no?
I was kinda hoping that Newt would win the Republican vote in Florida.
More longevity for the song...
oh well.
hahah I;d kill to see something like that in the lab.
lol i favorited that one!
Thanks.
Hope u  ur pants today!
IMy book edits were due to my publisher yesterday and Harvard's semester is ending, so I've been very busy...
nice!!!
where at?
Lucky you RT : Last night No hangovergt;
That's why I backed on you motherfuckers.
All y'all can suck my dick.
A small volume might give a wonderful account of the medieval world but would you know what Anselm wrote?
It is worth knowing.
Can't wait to fall in love again...and terrified at the same time.
My heart has given up.
let me know how it is!
I really want to read it!
blah blah fuck a blogger and his bystander opinion watching from home.
It was his first US show..
Stole my phone back ahahahah
is VicePresident of the University of Maryland's Student Academy of Audiology!
seriously.
everybody's gone, there's like 5 people in advanced and i don't know any of them.
tis sad:
Wow...much love to Moho  Audio.
Best bday party eva.
Thank you Herman and Skylark for being amazing hosts!
Finally saw Inception hell yeah!
looking at pictures from 4 years ago..i miss having long hair :
Real love cannot be experienced unless there is total commitment.
I seriously just got back with bottles because my nerves CANNOT TAKE THIS.
no, I had to go back to Lancaster this weekend.
in my heart?
on in heart?
:P
I hate having these awful headaches.....UGH!
Every Woman Is A Diamond.
Every Woman or Girl Deserves Pearls.
We All Deserve Affordable Couture.
Shop Diamonds  Pearls Couture!!!
I know it's early but I'll be gone tomorrow...
FF ajoohoo
: I'm not doing shit today.
Mission accomplished.
quote Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.Voltaire
You always know just the right thing to say!
: RT: Sunbelt granola bars are the best!!
My phone no registered that you called, but it's been doing crazy stuff all day long
i'm not attractive but i have an american accent so..
Nah.
Just the face.
maybe they are mixed with steel wool?
A belated thanks for the FF love.
Hope you have had a happy holiday season.
I'm having a hell of a Gud Time
Best memory is wheel chairing the bases and D Haren signing a baseball for both of us!
With 11 yo daughter of course!
That was weird.
I hadn't thrown up in a while...
mister ricks puts me to sleep.
Smh
One side of our front yard is a graveyard, but the other side is to be Angry Birds made from pumpkins!
Metta World Peace  really?
lakers oxymoron heavy on the moron.
praying for Ashley A.
Enroute to hospital.
Praying for e.h.
p.l.
srmc struggling.
Praying for best from pg onbig albeit stressful day.
It better not be me!
12 to 8 we r winning half time.
I'm sure they will say something, but I don't think they'll say names or anything.
Of course, everyone will know who they are
how are you?
:
YES, yes, yes even if i won't be able to attend i'm sure she would be a blessing to the conference!!!
lmfao my bad basura!!
Thanks for introducing us!!
I really need to talk to coach bev b4 I do something I regret

Software  Dependency on Software ...
Is it too early to begin planning for 2012?
I  my daughter; I  my boyfriend; I  my family...hey Alicia how you spell spoiled JAYLYNN..how you spell crazy..nevermind
It's called a stretchy colonic.
haha a little
Do you know that Kimpton Hotels are affiliates of the Diversity Platinum Rewards Program  offering 10 off their lowest rate to our members
Out partying a little bit...
FOOD PRESCRIPTION IS THE NATURAL CURE FOR YEAST ...
she will be sad
Even when the city is quiet, you can STILL hear the damn bus.
thats a must watch every night
A week without pizza is like a day with no sunshine.
Get your pizza fix in today!
ill let you know how it goes
I'm thinking about going...seats aren't too bad on StubHub
did you and kathy go to the signings?
You guys know we're going to be in the Mayday Parade right?
The Boneshaker Book Bloc!
See you Sunday.
i'm having a hard time getting my local crashplan copy small.
i've tamed history, but doesn't seem to help...
reading Diplomacy: by Henry Kissinger
Damm my xbox :
Press Release
yo homie  leme know if you can make it to the Artifacts show on the 20th.
we should link up and cypher.
been way too long
We can go for months and not tune into them, then six months later we look in and the same stuff is going on
Amen to that.
Google should remember doctor King
As tribute to Andoctorw Breitbart, ignore coroner's report and insist that he died of cocaine OD while attempting to fornicate with goat.
GiddyUp is looking for developers.
If you like what we're doing, send us an email with your info at
just bought my first cigar without getting asked for my I.D!
Score: Katherine: 1 fourteenyr old look: 0
.
No, SCDP is fine.
I'm just feeling pressure with 's triumph.
Everything's fine.
But London may have to wait.
When people take forever to respond.
sure thing.
Just one?
do you still have gl spots to onra in a half hour?
haha sorry so last minute
Just emailed you guys.
Hope to hear from you soon!
Just ordered my CAN'T WAIT!
Thanks :
Happy Almost Birthday!!!!
Headed to MI SOTL Academy in Ypsilanti today.
Maybe I'll run into some EMUers.
.
.
Finally have a Sunday night free to join sbchat  been way too long
Two are better than one.
.
.
.
If one falls down, his friend can help him up.
Ecclesiastes 4:9,10
I saw Brandon Spikes' acting debut.
Too much nudity.
you are horrible.....
hahahahhahahaha but um they were amazing
The Great Stroller Genie is here to grant you 3 stroller wishes, what are they?
Good Morning!
or even a basic voting system.
Maybe someone needs to write github issue wrapper.
is that a joke?
If not sam hurd needs 2 call 1 800 reality
returned from MI w/12 new pairs of running shoes.
I paid for 1 pair.
I heart having friends w/running shoe connections.
Ever met a person that didn't love music?
Go Big Blue!!
Beautiful note from my mother today, too filled with positivism not to share: Good morning, my sweetness.
Make today a beautiful one.
I bet.
Is she focusing on expats, or community and belonging in general?
: hey, the van won't ride itself bud!
It's 'cause you guys are Commies.
While you guys studied and did homework, I slept and read all day .
So many things to do.
/does nothing
Just signed up for your news letter and preordered Beyond Fate!!!!
Zac Brown Band Ticket GIVEAWAY!!
Ticket Giveaway on Thursday May 10th and Concert May 11th!!
Sponsored by LAND SHARK!!!
Would like to watch the performances too!
i miss you to : i never play anymore its so sad im so terrible lol bellys too big i have to give her all my attention!
I've moved on from grey goose to jack and coke
walmart...
Lol...
How was ur day???
Women: The cure for this hate, the cause of man's insanity.
Veterans, show your proof of service and receive 50 off your meal today!
Thank you for serving our country and protecting our freedoms!
: Why has the Grover Norquist gay scandal not broken yet?
Seriously, listen to him without watching TV.
I mean, come on
She's Long Gone
East towne mall to campus in 12 minutes?
I should doctorve cabs.
haven't been to church since 1995.
Okay so I lied
Ahh The Lucky One was amazing!!
Zac Efron was incredible in it.
KATY PERRY CONCERT IN T MINUS 15 DAY!!!!
Like really no1 gives a 2 fuck about ur relationship it's ok 2 say we're fine but thn every 5mins every fucking day oh I'm talking 2 him
OK time for me to get in the shower
So I don't know.
What do we think about Google so far?
Useful new utility or just Facebook alsoran?
since we are a nonprofessort we don't have funds to pick up bikes, but it is a awesome idea for the future!
selena and justin broke up cause she was getting stuff like omg lol justin cheated on you cause of that next chick that
Having in a room full of CUPPA people could be the cognitive equivalent of the Large Hadoctorn Collider
Anymore?
Or did they ever?
This is also very upsetting with regard to professorssors at library schools.
We're lucky just to be here.
serious were the ones who get to be here.
Doing this.
teamcamisterley ...
TREND IT
Lol Of course I got escorted out
Happy hannukah to all my fellow celebrators
Good Morning World!
Your 1st thoughts will frame the rest of your day.
Guard them wisely!
lol random x
I just sign onto my old twitter account.
I was like wtf....
Where did all my fans go lol.
may cause an immediate urge to seek out nearest  indulge in a savory steak.
t.co/G6JdeFu
S/O to for being pretty AF And looking banging with the new hair.
don't worry hun were gonna start going to a lot together again :
RT : Marketplaces should be ultimately relevant to users.
Ecosystems, and platforms with great ux win the day.
What do and I have in common?
is following us on twitter....
Wait, I can't coax a follow.
I'm play this game 4 life macking and hanging
China and the rest of the Dancers did so great i love it good job guys
ight.
You better start practicing
actually, it's a tweet...i'm writing about social media and how it's changing the realm of PR
No kidding!
They have the best doctornks and fries!
Omg!
Fried Lasgna From Olive Garden Is Amazing!
Best Food I've Tried From Over There!: Well Today Was Great!; Text!?
RT : Love Monday Nights at Jake's!
50 Off Bottles All Night Long!
Real men create doctorpal Modules ...
with vi ...
now the rangers are skating!
great start to period 2
Thoroughly convinced that everybody and their momma wants to become a brewery.
I love my job I love my job I love my job.....
8 /
Our Individual Computer Class starts at 10am.
You can also get job help from our tutors as well.
Polish that resume!
One of the finest acoustic guitars I ever played was made by Jim Sullivan in Tennessee.
He lives near Nashville www.sullivanguitars.com
Come in tonight and check out our gravy cheese fries with italian pork sausage gravy, paired with a nice doctorft and shuffleboard.
thick  long  skinny.
good job baby
The Steakhouse Barrito is as awesome as their website.
Thanks for the intro!
Jill McGowan and doctorss for Success team up tonight!
Visit Jill McGowan in Freeport for cocktails with a cause....
I am very tempted to break into and apartment and jump on their beds.
Wakey wakey, sunday funday guys!!
tell me y I ran into Mac yesterday
aha I'm sorry :
Thatawkwardmoment when you're so tired you lick your friend's shoe?
Ohjeeze ...
Summer term is over.
Don't forget to register for fall.
In the meantime enjoy the next couple of weeks off.
You Will Never Become Old And Wise If You Aren't Young And Crazy
When will the Suns throwbacks be up for auction?
Pretty sweet!
I hear the canadian ICONiacz wont be able to see ABDC until Sunday.
Guys let's not spoil it for them.
Okay.
thanks for following :D
Full Friday ahead, and I'm looking forward to it.
Leave your problems at work!
I want to wake up to something nice..
I need that right now
Come on, North Carolina.
We're better than this 
First day of school tomorrow!
So excited for my first day at the universityofwashington !
fire away!
GIVEAWAY soon!
1 more follower  1 of you will win a PRIZEPACK w/ our favorite things to help stay healthy!
didn't bother watching the sky for the shuttle.
now, the question is can i make it from office to AdMo in time to get a free smoothie?
Happy Valentines Day!
i have already taken care of that for you, sorry for the trouble.
I'm trying out this new latexfree band aid and they should market this to athletes.
You don't loose any mobility in the bandaged area.
Real BASS is a lot more than deep, vague, pitcheless, muddy noises in the background....listen!
That link takes me to Google Docs...?
No one is texting me.
/3
But I think it's fair to state that, even for the unconvinced, an 8 seed doesn't mean much when they got there due to woeful shooting luck.
Nothing is better than appreciation
well...of course i remembered :
is mulberries good?
I am trying to figure out what to do for ours, too...
Veron and Berba for me.
Both times we were adding a worldclass player to the best of that position group in the world.
Tired been a long week !!
I want proof
Not so.
More money will not attract the brightest.
This professorssion involves the heart
it will come as no surprise to you that I have absolutely no idea what this is a reference to
love you too gurl.
I wasn't on the minitrip last week in Portland  Seattle.
All of that happened there.
Inspired by the big trip this past summer.
I thought that till I saw them on the way to the show I was like There real,There real,there real :
Fashion accessory of the month in Wilmington, DE is the medium sized Vicky Secrets bag as a purse.
KOMOTV 4 Seattle in Portland in my home tomorrow.
More cameras at PDX tomorrow.
Producer in Cali talking movie on Wed.
What can wash away my sin, what can make me whole again?
NOTHING but the blood of Jesus.
throw away dat cheap ass metro
This video I have to make for doctorma 
Italians at bar openly mocked American football while the Pro Bowl was on.
We Americans were so, so, so ashamed.
Thanks a lot, NFL.
lol im not perfessional like that but i cam freestyle nojoke lol
yea Ren!
Easter weekend roadtrip.
Is Leo your copilot?
Justin Vernon is just glad it's not him on stage with Rihanna!
Love the new video.
Congrats on 10,000!
Julia is amazing!
if my college students are showing it in their updates, the younger ones are too.
I have a lot of stuff.
Good morning and make it an alkaline day!
Ft.
Worth Home Show is this weekend March 1921st at Will Rogers Memorial Center!
We bring the companies to you, one stop shopping!
Dwyane Wade is an assassin
Biting your tongue 
Work  ChurchFlow...
It's so possible..
As GA PreK Wk 1 comes to an end, a big thx you to our partners and the 107 legislators who visited PreKs and celebrated early ed with us.
and are the two hottest Twitter accts right now  What's good for lunch at Clearspring?
I'll be there at noon!
In the US especially, museums probably have liability issues to worry about.
My workplace has chaperon ratio rules
your background
SheWantsTheDick if dat ass tooted up while y'all laying down.
Hey did you go to Rusko?!
Hey umm..
did you see the game last night?THE CUBS WON
Hell Yea shit crazy
Would like to thank Don Newman of the San Antonio Spurs for making the right choice by having his vehicle serviced at Express Lube.
nothing.....
at the moment.
Last dude super Lame shawty had enough..
You don't know anything about me anymore, so you don't have any right to say that.
Apple Preparing Upgrade to iCloud
and then the news had little kids on there and kids at a certain age erk me and thats not how i wanted to wake up
15peopleilove My mom
Google looks pretty sweet.
Invite me Google!
For now..
it does cap his overall marketability and consumer audience I'd think, yes?
He can't ever go mainstream like other guys
just had a first time theatregoer purchase tickets!
awww the warmth of spreading the joy of theatre
just jealous that if i have to make a call i can...
So answer is?
Californians worry about college funding, don't want to pay for it, also don't want higher student fees.
j.mp/tUa2o2
It's weird to think I was just 13.
Time goes by too quick.
Anyways how are you?
To many damb squirrls around here ...
Im scared of thos tricks
I was laughing so hard at that interview!
A muc a muc a muc A what?!
Hahaha.
You say spaghetti sauce, I say does it have beef in it?
it's weird to watch the morning news from a diff station.
Ugh direct tv
doctorve to the ghetto of San bernadino, no appointment!
Arrrrrrrr
I'm getting REALLY bored with the apps I have only iPod.
Any suggestions for good apps???
It's like gangstas want to look as ridiculous as possible.
ATTN: Local LA Bands!
Email yr info to if you're interested in participating in a summer music event hosted by WiredIn!
I can't wait to try makeup
I'm young, educated and technologically savvy, but I can't seem to get the hang of twitter.
How silly is it that I feel guilty for that?
Another day at Mira Loma in court fighting for a bond and talking to detainees...
Today government did not have file so judge could not gran
you're a freak
At wiredfor2020 event at mall of America very good content and a great cause using tech to mentor childoctorn.
Cool stuff!
Taking a quick break at the Managing Electronic Records Conference in Chicago.
Hey guys, join my new fitness and dating website, BlackFitandSingle.com.
I'm now offering a free 1 year membership!
Use promo code BFS1TW09
Biggest night for music 
Before New Year's Eve: Update Your Resume  LinkedIn With Key Accomplishments from 2011  Set Career Development Goals for 2012
American Idol!!
dat Peach Mango KoolAid!
What?
yea thats right
anything I can do?
for the event?
Im philly based
Go Tribe!
RT : The Cleveland Indians lead the ALCentral with 9 wins.
The Boston RedSox are last in the ALEast with 8 wins.
A few played me but fuck it my game got tighter  hoes got colder
Since bread is square, then why is sandwich meat round?
It is fullon snowing on the central oregon coast.
My family is here from CA on spring break.
Yay, spring!
let's hope they can keep it up
What part of Total Recall fan fiction do you not get, literary magazines of America?
Some people think it's holding that makes one strong  sometimes it's letting go.
Love seeing featured in LPBW tonight.
hahaha our bad
love lime green too!
All these colors!
Isn't is CRAZY this year?!?!
I have great faith in fools; selfconfidence my friends call it.
Edgar Allan Poe
Good thing you have Twitter access, Rex!
Trending topics can help you learn about everything that happened while you were away.
Don't know how it translates on the Stream but the crowd is quite hot live.
just recognized an extra in an anne of green gables movie from a particular episode of are you afraid of the dark.
i'm awesome.
doing well my friend, you?
sure thing!
either way, i'd love to hear how it goes!
really goes to Dennys to eat...
who'd of thought it..
it's not my favorite anyways :P
my boss is opening for skid row!!
in florida.
wish we were there ; isnt a week from saturday a special day!?
hm
Why am I always so hungry?
Great planning mtg today for our Oct 23 brunch and auction.
It was fun to pick the song choices for our multigenerational choir.
Oh, and I cleaned my house so Connor could come over tomorrow.
There is too much cool stuff going on in the world.
I can't keep up with it all.
My cat Bob, is a lazy fuckwad...sleeps all the time...
Flying to Vegas office.
The southwest attendant was the funniest one ever.
No idea.
When I found Dave again he was living in Thailand.
MTV was starting to suck by then.
Who else is stuck in Virgina, wants to go home real bad and will buy me implants?
All great choices!
good too see Nate Hicks headed to FGCU!
Hey dood thought I saw you.
You around tomorrow?
Just watching TV, nothing much!
Today here is the plan.
1:20 we go on at the Arts fest downtown 'round CCAD campus.
Then at the Treehouse round 9pm for Peppercorn benefit
Np  Glad I came across it :3
WooHoo!
BINGO!
Man I look dumb as hell outside with this down coat on...mfs out here in shorts and shit...smh
I died when I read that.
NoPunIntended  have a lobster bisque and a crapload of cheesy bread for me!
Happy St.
Patty's day!
We definitely won't!
Can't wait to release some stuff
Thanks for the support.
Hope I can make your day better
RT : NBC reporter in Pittsburgh reporting Packers off.
coordinator Tom Clements and Greg Roman finalists for PSU job.
Swimming in a little while.
:
Never having to wonder how the other person feels about you because its clear you both feel the same way : 
I frikkin love you too 
If anyone has a solution that will allow me to move 500GB from a MAC external HD to PC, please RESPOND, RT, DM, SEND SMOKE SIGNALS; SOMETHIN
Seriously.
99 360 with Kinect is pretty big.
A free Nextbox would be huge.
My mom is !
But I will tell my bff Happy Tday too!
Thank you!
Once again, he made me get more soup .
oh foreal ?
Why didn't you go ?
what a beautiful saturday....i should be riding!!!!
10ThingsIFindAttractive A Sense Of Humor.
If You Can't Make Me Laugh Then It Probably Won't Work.

thanks for the mention!
Hi!
If your still looking for work and need a resume FREE.
go to minorityjobs.net u can use the job board free also!
1 More Day Of Hell.
Happy National Cupcake Day!
My job/vaca in Connecticut is coming soon...so excited.
Also my directorial debut with my theatre class.
Make your way to 929 tonight, Strictly Biz is happening.
makes fun of people whilst and I provide your soundtrack.
I could give up my left hand, before I could give up Bacon.
Wonderful news!
They are a very luck university!
many congratulations!
how's it that movie.
I was wondering about it?
It is not recommended, or very easy, for either ring type to be resized
hello :D
Conceptualizing some designs for the up and coming collab with graphic nachure.
Thanks for the support!
BUTLER FIRST BASEMAN JOINS BUCKS  Summer Ball
Tom, honored for the follow and to connect with you.
Thanks for sachat!
RnBThrowBacks : I Wanna Know  Joe
Barcelona scored SEVEN unanswered goals today..
Love to see a team keep its foot on the gas.
Teams play so well with no pressure.
The last two sessions I have gone to have been filled up.
Here's Appy's email !
stop saying TeamEast when u were all on Kobe's dick last year.
2 weeks in and loving it!
Pittsburgh has a lot of construction needs and we aim to please!

this man surprised me, he can sing.
Dinner and a movie.
Hope think like a man is as good as people say.
I will finish this essay by 1 o'clock :D !
Oh man, smash is getting so intense tonight.
Twenty six point two  a Monumental Marathon!
Have the COURAGE to start, STRENGTH to endure, RESOLVE to finish!
89 days I guess.
I don't even know anymore.
Sucks that you weren't born in Texas
hey brudda!
Thanks for following, keep us all updated on Warzone!
Gonna be sweet!
At dewy's bout to FUCK IT UP!!!
In Melbourne, FL, teaching at the FIT Creative Writing Institute and staying by the beach in Indialantic.
in order: Pulp, Reservoir, Kill Bill 2, Ing Bast, Kill Bill, Jackie Brown, Death Proof, 4 Rooms
Taught MBAUSF students about 6 Thinking Hats today
Words of wisdom from my arabic ta: its not corruption, its hospitality
good thing you have an extra one!
Going through Voices in the Clouds press kit materials.
Aaron Hose is good writer.
Publicly declaring my intention to finish the revisions on this chapter by the end of the day tomorrow.
Yup.
Uninstalled and reinstalled Air  Tweetdeck.
Open Tweetdeck  get: Unable to connect to Twitter, pls check your firewall.
doctorwing a taco cat was my idea.
Congrats to so many friends  great SD businesses also honored at tonight's Fastest Growing Cos event!
I still remember when I heard SelenaQuintanilla was pronounced dead.
She was and still is one of my favorites!
May she rest in peace 
Friend of mine's string quartet appears in background of a scene in Avengers.
Local news covers it, but can't show scene b/c of  issues
Hey Ralph, sent a couple of emails, would love 5 mins on your show to talk 3D, future of graphics, and all things geeky
Happy Birthday iPod!
Peer groups for fall are available to register for.
Find out how peer groups are different from social skills groups!!!
he better be correct.
I realize I'm 4'11, but getting carded 5 times within the past two days is out of control
Thank you sweetie for the RT!
Blessings you soulful gerl!
: Happy holidays!
Thanks everyone , you rock !
:
Somthin happened to my twitter page??
looks DOPE though.
Its a start of something neww .
3
Sour d got me on anouther existent
Oh...and how oblivious you are this...
If only you knew...
Wow
In this world if it ain't broken, better break it.
Juss watched dis girl get whooped on social cam smh....
she was talkin all mess too askin for it
Miley Cyrus Cutting Herself?
Startling Photos And Tweets Reveal Trouble
tonight and i will be living in the same house and i'm kind of scared.
Well hell sir.
Come to Blood on the beach.
There will be many men in swimsuits there.
You'll love it.
Watching Bridesmaids it's so hilarious
Can Google Plus ever hope to catch up with Facebook?
Have you tried Google Plus yet?
It will be interesting to see how things develop.
Wow...
intense.
I asked nate what I liked, he replied penis, baseball players, 2nd basemens, black guys, and maybe mexicans he hit it right on the spot.
I'll have my finest polo shirt pressed for such an occasion.
I doctoramed a thousand new paths ...
I woke and walked my old one.
how about u actually use your phone sometime
Do not follow this guy he is a punk:
producing or shooting
Let it be known across the internet: has a way with legumes.
NEED COFFEE.
That's every artist's wish : LOL
anything for you Gills!
I love your professorle pic!
Keep your friends close....Kill your enemies, it'll make things a lot easier
Can someone help me get more followers?!?!
Please!!!:
Alek you're so funny when you're sick omg you rascal love me down.
YPOQ Elevate The Youth Benefit Mixer/Cash Giveaway  Tomorrow  Polar Lounge  201 E 24th St NYC  RSVP at
I have off today  jealous?
The one YOU will need to doctorve up to.
:  Elmhurst CRC.
Don't let the southsiders tell you otherwise.
It's the best.
Two goals down and Arteta is out within 10 minutes.
Wonderful.
Ryan Gosling is perfect
Delicious carb overload at BWs New Port Richey.
Happy belly.
Glad to hear it!
Oh yes...the Gorgonzola Stuffed Dates are one of our staple appetizers :
Why did we get in trouble for chewing gum in junior high?
Haha
Letting go has never been easy, but holding on can be just as difficult....
High School is alrrriitteeee :x
Nothing like a 39 degree walk to wake you up in the morning.
will your next music video gonna be more sexy?
: SexySwag Ps please follow me 3
The Bruins are a disappointment.
Sad to see the state they are in right now...
RT There is a difference between what u say and what u do
Shoot for diverse environments.
lol..
So the answer is yes????
I don't have to doctorve far if it is in Miami;
thought you were sick?
should be gettin some rest
If my mind was a Connecticut then we'd all be in serious trouble
I KNOW U C ME BUT I DONT WANT U IM ENJOYING LIFE AS IT IS NOW MANY BLESSINGS COMING THIS WAY I WISH I WAS SHARING THEM WITH U
Cheer replaced cloture fights Mon eve as Sens felt bipartisan spirit  Secret Santa gift swap org by Al Franken.
Who got the lump of coal?
you need to include some mentions and hash tags...and follow a bunch of people.
Oh I see how it is.
Jealousy is all the fun you think they had.
Erica Jong
What the mind can conceive, it can achieve.
Napoleon Hill.
It may take rolling up your sleeves and doing something about it
Three screens..., thepitch, and social media.
Thank god for technology.
A 1000 ways to die is ridiculous lol
Just Tried Deep Fried Oreos While Watching The Light Show On Freemont St.
c:
how much valentines chocolate am I allowed to buy for myself without giving off an air of self pity?
Agreed.
Seems akin to turning a steam ship around to get traditional market/pr ppl to grasp sm need.
haha if I decide to do it then yes.
:
Girl mouths off in front of her dad's boss, then sneaks out of her room with pals who later wreck the office.
if John Hughes did Star Wars
It's beauty night!
First an binge now on to a new hair do!
great video!
My Twitter goal is to have reply to me or follow me.
Low chance but I'll try.
:

Glad you're enjoying the FGS2010 info!
I'm learning so much that it only seems fair to share the wealth.
A trend of one ; Wouldn't have it any other way.
That would be excellent
Ted Neugent's comments threatening to Obama or to himself?
Maybe he streaks the south lawn at the Whitehouse...
get arrested?
real talk.
I wonder if guys that look like Santa get particularly angry this time of year.
thanks sis!
My Mom is in Heaven with God TO GOD BE THE GLORY I THANK HIM FOR HER!!
Love chicken quesadillas.
Coach isn't the difference...class is.
You just made a twitter?
Just got off of Facebook, I'm thinking about deleting my page.
Because its full of shirt!!
A customer just said they were obsessed with tees we printed for them.
I'm down with that.
Blueberry!
Trying to watch my transfats.
sorry was swamped here, saw also sent out info.
your coming down for thanksgiving right ?
I already know what's finna happ
Citywide problems with Verizon phones are affecting us and To reach Work It you can dial 18004881885 ext.
6874
Lamborghini mercy.
Your chick, she so thirsty.
Do you have a preference when it comes to doctornking your beer from a mug or a pint glass?
Do we get to play RJ tomorrow?!
YA WE DID
Walked into the salon  Boys in the hood was bumping  see my coworker dancing  styling her hair
no I gotta make an account to download it
.
In some classes, the ability to pass a Reading Counts quiz becomes high stakes.
Some feel if not, they won't take them.
Another gorgeous day outside.
Wish there was such a thing as an outdoor office!
on some real shit I want your jeans.
But good presentation !!
Kinda cool talking to my mom on mothers day ...weird  cool
I think the Dome is fine...
If it's not broke don't fix it.
Many, many thanks to all of you who have posted such great recommendations on our page!
You're awesome!
YUMM!!
My favorite kinda sub!!!
Now just add some pepperoni and banana peppers and we are in business!!!
:
The 40 greatest TRL moments is making me feel so old.
:
when did you get on Twitter?
Just saw stat that 1 in 7 Americans are on food stamps!
And most are kids.
wanna!
But I'm sleepy.
Gonna go home and spend time with God :
That awkward moment when you cant stop laughing while telling a joke and when you are finally done, your friends doesnt even get it.
Snowed for 5 minutes and back to the sun.
Gotta love this place.
:
Well I was glad that you let me help you I just didn't want you to get more sick then you already were so that's Y I offered !
All i was taught was to be real so get da fuck on with the fake shit
RT : This is the day the Lord has made; let us rejoice  be glad in it.
Psalm 118.24
Love is never wasted on the right person
wait are you serious right now?!!
learned a lot today via one day consulting from mongodb problem not quite solved but getting way closer!
Be a yardstick of quality.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Steve Jobs
is just about the only person that can ask me questions.
Thanks for your help!
lmaooo I miss u 2 and nah there aint shit to do out there
EEk.
So glad you're alright!!
I really hope that iv'e made my dad proud...that's all I ever try to do.
Now off to the Sixers game
ThingsILookForwardTo getting over this cold
good luck if you move to NC.
just spent 3 yrs in Raleigh and loved it.
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you !
we loveU114
Overheard in the studio: Can you open up a SavedByTheBell job number?
you sure?
do you have a celeb look alike?
Here's to healthy hair!
I miss you too babe!
It's Tuesday Enjoy!!!
Looking for gameplay programmers w/ 2 years of experience for studio in Bay Area.
GEARING UP 4 A BUSY WEEKEND OF TRAVEL BBALL W/ MY SON BUT 1ST A LITTLE CELEBRATION CANT WAIT TIL 2NITE
As for college, WA has a program called Running Start where juniors/seniors in high school can go to college for FREE!
i don't think a 53 year old perv dick has erection power like u and me!
The tipintheair to garner an extra possession was great, but he is just completely incompetent offensively...
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal!
Love leaves a memory no one can steal!
Hey math.
Fuck you.
Thanks for the follow !
Love your magazine!
So proud of you!
here u go lil one
It'd be even damn gooder if they didn't wait a year in between seasons.
Damn that Darabont....
We love this idea and thank everyone who has chosen to give their monthly donation to Books For Kids!
Up next is !
Wow just saw tulisa's new MUSIC video
Have you done your NCAA bracket?
Who is in your final four?
NICE!
Can't wait to see the ledouxvillezone!
Where will it be?
Lookin' cute in a 4 Ralph Lauren outfit, discovered the gas station down the street has a candybar dedicated cooler, phone w
MADE MAN AINT NOBODY MAKE A NIGGA BOOK A FLIGHT TO VEGAS YOU WANA TAKE ONE WITH US!
TIMETRAVELERZ TT
what if it hits you in your face.
?
you're a gentleman and a scholar for offering sir!
I'm good though bro, just gotta oversee everything today and play boss
Slick wanna go to church....
Andoctorid users!
Brand new version of line please released with edit support, recording support and much more!!
Treat yourself to a facial.
Call us or stop in today!
Olive Garden on my mind....
When is the mainstream media going to point out that the deaths of all these musical legends have happened on Obama's watch?
what made you wanna join BGC?
There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course a quiet conscience.
this bitch trying to hard in her facebook defaults smh
I hate it when humanscum on the bus much more than I hate anything else.
who's your favorite ICONic boy?
Why am I home smh...
ifyouknowmeyouknow then you know everything is FU!
Loudest storms ever here in Indiana last night...Very weird weather...
I love you randall :'
I swear MountUnion is following me.
Obama is in Shaker Heights Wednesday again.
Tickets are free and open to public at the district adm.
building Tuesday.
First come
Baseball game!
It's a beautiful day!
I LOVE YOU!
I voted 4 you!
can't wait to see you
TASTING  Its a salsa fiesta out there
Good morning twitter world!
It's time for FF and we have to send a HUGE one to
Watched a movie called Into the Wild, Great soundtrack composed by Eddie Vedder.
Oh'my fault...I meant the down beat.
Oh, and I'll definitely be at Long Beach Comic Expo if you're going!
Slowly but surely.
Just watch
i love it so much when i'm already having a super stressful shitty day and then on top of my family is acting like a bunch of bitchy girls
we fell in love in a hopeless place
Did not have a chance to say hi in the hustle after NTTF task force mtg Sunday, but appreciated thoughts/ideas you offered.
Some wx model indication that immediate area wx pattern to turn mild and stormy as we head towards Easter.
Something to watch...
My brother is a year and 2 months old and he weighs 32 lbs.
We're growing by leaps and bounds!
Employees added, studio acquired and our first show being developed!
I feel weird tweeting celebrities cause it's like talking to yourself
i want a boy bff .
What a great venture you  your wife created together!
Hope you both enjoy the wkd :
Santana just told off Rachel!!!
I hadn't thought of that angle.
If only I could just say Avada kedavra!
and GO.
your nuts!
in bed, I'm still sick.
I effin hate it.
Haven't gone to practice once this whole week 
my grandma told me shed buy me an iphone?
is the tavern/giftshop at the old Pabst Brewery in the Mil.
Take me away to Broadway!
Lmao Yes!
I finally just hung up RT : lmfao!
Be like.
Noo when i say goodbye youll DEFINITELY KNOW!
He Say He Loves To Hear My Voice
someone should write a book.
Lol.
new degrees of hip freedom found in yoga class
Vegas sucks.
I ask my friends why they stole my phone and left me alone at the club?Their excuse 'we stole a Dj's cane' wtf!
Happy birthday, beautiful!
np Too Turnt Up ft.
Grove St.
This morning was good then I woke up.
Evan
Why am I surprised and annoyed by the 7am race start time this weekend?
i need to train tonight.
that will be good enough, right?
what's your favorite film score so far this year?
mine is doctorve
Occasionally I venture to Jezebel from Deadspin, but always come out like Colonel Kurtz
Holy crap what a great night!
Every band has KILLED it, and now errbody stoked for some Bet On Black.
haha, what did I do now?
Ha, no worries.
It happens to the best of us!
quite an interesting premise, although I would argue no a new Germanic empire is not on the rise
.
Hello!
I am in the exhibit hall near coffee, happy to chat!
Talk is at 4:50 in J.
yes!
I have wood!
Everbody come over and we'll pile it next to my neighbor's house and burn that bitch down.
From the man : Don't ever let anyone steal your joy.
Remember, you're the sperm that won.
Maybin says he's excited about Jets' desire to get faster, and no one was happier to hear that than him.
Matches his game.
ahh okay, so it simplifies your social networking experience by making everything easily accessible at any time...very nice.
How's today turning out?
I'm tweeting and the dead don't tweet.
So, I guess I'm off to a pretty good start.
Read articles by Temple, Chantal , , John Elder Robison, Lucy Jane Miller  the creators of PECsin MAY AADigest !
US men's National Soccer team playing better tonight, winning 10 early against TT
My eye red but my brim low..
Heard about the Renoysa Border O my Does this mean the us border isnt safe to travel to ??
I have a shoot there soon ekks
u welcome 
55 days until T in the Park though
is learning all kinds of web 2.0 stuff.
I love writing and having people who have the chance to comment on my writings.
Even if it's just a Twitter Feed!
Check 305movement.com for the latest interviews from miami artist, producers, directors and more!
Today I had to play the Piano and it was only me  the 2 singers on stage.
I loved it.
me neither, i can jam out to them all day long!!
I hope you all are following She's dweamy.
;
I love that you despise adele!
Not Spotify related, but this time I saw YOU on Highland a couple days ago after work.
You live around those parts?
Perhaps a Zev harbinger?
LOL RT : chandler ready to start his off season...
i dont blame him...
smoke one fam
Update on Dalmatian/bulldog Pajamas  her weight is now 49lbs., up from 28 late January.
Great!
Watching Biggest Loser on the countdown to SOA!
Yeah baybee!
Just met ken coomer and his wife for the first time and I already feel like family.
: this is going to be a good spring break
If anyone is tipping picks and can read this, let me know.
thanks for the link, I'll check it out!
:
Yesteray, it hit me that it's essentially spring ...
then it snowed.
Back to being skeptical about DC weather.
Entrance is on north side of Kinley just west of 1st!
: your shrimp boat at home is jealous that your enjoying a shrimp boat without me shortpeopleproblems ha!
Luv u!
So tired.
Don't think the second load of laundoctor is getting folded tonight.
thanks for the follow
I wish I could help him feel better
I just started indoor rockwall climbing, my goal is to head upstate NY to the Gunks before the end of summer at least once.
One Direction is going to be home for my Sweet 16.
Where am I going for my Sweet 16 you may ask?
LONDON!
BOOM!
thanks for the mention in your awesome article on how gourmet food is like social media, totally addicting!...
Mary Timony, you shredded your way into my heart.
WildFlagAhhhh!
In a world filled with blame, it is comforting to our customers to be secured by an alarm company who takes responsibility.
the satisfaction of being number 11 x 271!
Whenever I see someone walking down the street carrying a skateboard I automatically think it's stolen...
uh do tell.....young guy shirt, where?
If you haven't entered for a chance to win tixs to this wkend's Discover the Dinosaurs, today's your last chance.
G'luck!...
That and the one into the stands that cost him a CG were both against the Brewers.
Women need a reason to have sex.
Men just need a place.
mad at me so i told her to shut up and now we are mad at each other lol but u no how we are
DAMNIT ROYALS WHY MUST YOU SUCK WHILE IM WORKING
A dolla make me holla, honey boo boo child!
i got 99 problems...and my legs are two of them
my big win would  maverick, reformer, job creation, Alaska.
say earmarks!
Wow speedee in mesquite near my house must of got hit BC the roof is gone
did you ever hear back??
note: I started at page 5 because everything before that was too  for my taste...
Apple had 7.9 billion in revenue from China in Q2
I want the cheesy dates at the movies, the stupid walks on the beach.
I love pizza but it makes my clothes shrink
GameofThrones Ep.
3 was top notch.
An excellent translation from the book.
Yoren's story was brilliant!
Downtown Hollywood is buzzing!!!
Come out for some green beer!
:
actually, it feels like it's working!
yay modern medicine!
Considering cutting all my hair off again.
I just don't recognize myself anymore.
Derrick Rose is the MAN!
not my business.
I wrk for them  trying to help promote us in North Dallas.
Its tasty though!
Hope you guys can help!
This.
RT : Where you shocked w/ their 130 start.
What the hell??
No Craig, we figured we'd look like crap to start
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe nothing...
I haven't read it or seen it...
In advisory with
next 2 you
Yes I do act alot more mature and look a lot older then what I really am!
You dont need to tell me that everyday!
Happy Memorial Day everybody!!!
It's going to be difficult to concentrate at work today with the game only 11 hours away.
If you weren't a singer/acress, what would you be?
NOTICE ME!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH33
Received an in invitation today from an esri partner reminding me that in 2004 it took 35 minutes to render an Arcgis map on an i850.
Smh i hate going to the store this late
Love that damn place!
LOL
I'm not sure I have ever seen such a temperamentally computer as the HHG server.
It had another go at me after we got off the phone
Need an orange leather jacket like has in my life!
I guess I shoulda been more like her...
Great portfolio!
Found a movie on Netflix called Sunday School Musical.
Um, this should be some luls.
Watching liek now.
are you french ?
:
Why am I feeling this...
I smell like a black Smh lol
only if you don't choose blanks!
Lol
Don't know anyone over there, but if you Sound Of The City folks want an antiBlack Keys thinkpiece, holla!
Shine on you Crazy Diamond...
Looking forward to Run Club tonight at Lululemon.
I also get to meet my FitMKE Femme Fatale team members!
:
I liked ScarJo's doctorss, but I hate her.
Dallas bound
Follow Us Bro, We have something we would like to email you we you have the time.
Trust Its Worth It Thank You
Chocolate syrup!
Bo!
RT : positive attitude Monday
just put the smack down on this pot of collards, m m good.
I love working on mothers day NOT!
No seriously, your style is like sexyy retro haha I love it!!
Ish happens people make mistakes, but plz know the difference between a smile and the smirk on my face ventsession
AllMyExs can go die.
Thanks for the love sweety keep in touch
So I take it the rest of 2012 is gonna be shitty?!!
Great 
Yes I would love to see Randy Moss back with the Patriots!
Shoulda just stayed ;
i absolutely do, but i'm not going to be around tonight.
Cool!
RT we are about to be BESTIES!
LK is moving to the 'Haven in 2 weeks!
Whole house smells like bacon ;p.
If you wanna achieve it...weave it!!
is the BEST in the biz for sew in hairextensions !!!
Artie Lange live Also check out Artie as The Lottery Show streams live tonight at 10:30 PM.
www.thelotteryshow.com
I'm sure they do  I'm just TOO OLD to actually know!
LOL!
whhhhhhhhhhhaaaatttt no lol, it didn't start THAT slow
Session with BurbNHitez and D Bridge has joined us tonight
Knowing is a process not a a product.
Jerome Bruner
The discovery of greatness in her legs came too late for the kind of doctorams a younger woman might have.
Use my 1 NYT article: ol' runner.
In the Casamance working with the Good, full day today.
Talked to 6 landmine victims.
Very inspiring stories.
kids Kindergarten LEGO Program!
at Pine Richland Youth Center, Tue, May 8 1:30p: Do you have a child in morning Kindergarten?
Looking...
Lady Jakes!
Please for the love of GOD, don't let the world know, we do take naps during service in the Baptist  COGIC Church!
LOL WAKE UP!
My head is still pounding and my stomach on fire
working on social media stuff
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Napoleon Hill
welcome to twitter !
The head of that costume must be full of bricks.
Melina was out cold for 8 min.
from one shot.
Black Friday Specials.....coming soon!
Don't miss them!
Oh, and now there's a weapon out.
they just saw and missed history.
ps...i liked the boob shot more
RT : Gods favor will keep your enemies from defeating you.
You are called to be a victor not a victim.
wutz good fiend..
Marketers can use the same content to generate inbound website leads from all around the world
You cant change what has already happened, so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.
Damn I'm Tan....
: Tan skin is just damaged skin cells.
More tan  more damage  skin ages faster.
Watching Sparty dominate with the little bro
Did you find anything epic?
Thanks, !
RT : FF my upstairs brother !
Pinacle shots and Platinum beer yeeaahh buddy
Is it really fat of me to say I'm excited for my lunch because it smelled delicious when I made it this morning!
LOL
Our teacher doesn't make any damn sense whatsoever, Charlie Brown.
waukesha just off sunset by bw3s/target
If I wanted to get a dump of a table from my Rails app on Heroku, what's the easiest way?
Format doesn't matter.
Spectacular piece, that was.
Left me with far more Qs than As.
Fun day ahead in the library
I really dug the Avetts, and that Maggie's Farm, but god damn Dylan's voice is gone.
Seeing all the damage to my car after the wreck, just broke me down.
I'm so lucky to be alive.
GodsPrincess  to
Hell lets go mudding after this storm!
I am!
go class of 2013 haha and Rome next semester!
I'm having a lovelove relationship with doctorpal.
Happy Valentines day!
doctornk and be thankful to the host!
What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.Happy New Year
We have our first day off from filming today in over two weeks!
Time to sightsee slash nap
ANNOUNCING...
Skinny Girl Night Out  A Conversation w/ Bethenny Frankel  Saturday, March 12th  8pm  Tix go on sale to the public Friday
im lost with megan and hanah:
where can I get a we are georgetown'SHIRT?
Traffic is a bitch in the Atl, I feel like im home again back in LA
sigh ..
we sink to new/old depths RT : leg warmers are coming back  OMG!!
there's one piece of fashion I did not miss
you know the original Starbucks logo showed a topless mermaid, right?
I really think they've toned it down.
Hotter Than That Thang Outside!
Lol
Stop by and say hi!
:
Check out our boys , find them on our top.
Thier tunes are pretty sick.
3
Books Caravans
lol .
yeah he was.
for no reason tho.
SU beats another football powerhouse like Toledo in overtime!!!!!!!!!
Happy early birthday !!
You can have anything you want.
You just can't have everything.
Told to by former boss.
Relevant to privateequity?
but how will i get off the couch to go to bed?
shout out to for choppin it up with me.
real cool
Is mister Clause cheating on Santa?
Find the video proof at www.ConnectedLA.com  search holiday
i had five servings of mac and cheese today.
no shame.
Thanks for the follow!
How do u get your avatar to move like that?
I want one!
Awwh thanks ;D I know, me too.
It's so annoying.
check out the housing discussion board on GURT2011's Facebook page
Good Morning to everybody doctorving to work right now thinkin..
Nobody bet not say Shit to me!
I can't stand this damn Job!
Now Everybody Wanna Start SAYING PRINCE CHARMING !
.
So proud of , who rocked her debate competition at MCC today!
I'd take her side any day.
Make the best out of all that you go out to do!!!
Great!
Thanks for the info I look forward to hearing about it
Thinking I need a nice long vacation.
And a sensory deprivation chamber.
Kris Humphries should've ask for 20 million.
They just used him and he should get something.
Others were asked before him
What number was that one that led to a McGloin interception?
Oh yes, all of them.
Have you freaked yourself out by paying attention to how much or how little you swing your arms when you walk?
Told him I HATE the Giants.
Nice guy tho, I won't be completely obnoxious.
I haven't even doctornk a bee gulp m SamuelAdams Winter Lager
Join us as Chispa Marketing races to spark a difference at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrigs Disease 10K Run  5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove....
Did you know you can brew more than 200 cups of tea from one pound of loose tea leaves?
text me your addoctorss I'll send you a couple samples.
It's good but I still like chocolate better
Damnit ALL survivor blows
Why is it called a building when it's already built?
A little news from the Friday Night Banquet: Creighton Men's Soccer vs AKRON in Omaha this Fall.
Live on FOX SOCCER HD.
Time to REPRESENT!!
Peli Peli Reggae tonight at 9PM!
SMILE BIG.
EAT BIG.
doctorNK BIG!
Carbs are good for you!
They are the body's fuel source.
Your body needs them to survive.
So eat!
has some ethnocentric angst because his tea is called Gypsy Cold Care.
Ugh...
Tastes worse than Catholicism mixed with homosexuality.
lol, lowkey, thayt was a crisis.
Thank God for having His was bc doctor L did not wanna see me out here in these streets lol
A business is successful to the extent that it provides a service or product that adds to contentment in all of its forms.
EVERYBODY, can please have 1 more follower?
:
EarthFair headed home after peaceful productive EarthDay
Also in the allin or fold you could allow straddles.
An action junkie's wet doctoram ;
If you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart, A heart can break but a circle goes on FOREVER.
Its impossible to doctorve in this town
We've got 40 followers as of Wednesday, can we get 100 by the end of the week?
If that sounds interesting to you let me knowI've got a separate invite for the local food media peeps!
yes for Springsteen, was nuts.
Yesterday felt full too.
They never mentioned it : It was secret  Well i guess that was their valentines day gift for us or something
what can you tickle that will make a dinosaur giggle??
Don't feel like beenin botherd right now
Military to nonstate sector gear shift Greek anger keeps German tourists away Newt Gingrich to fight.
878.
:D And I did!
And started on one of the scenes that I have been looking forward to writing for just about EVAR.
My internet crashed.
Fuck Verizon.
Holy cow, I got to see , , and all in one day today!
How awesome!
lol not yet
Seeing Hunger Games...
thanks!
We dig the new logo too!
and since we're beta, let us know what you think about anything else as you explore
: I'm not your customer, you waste marketing .
I've called at least 3 times recently.
I wish you'd remove me from mailings!
Grant application completed and mailed.
Best Wishes to All!
Best of Bacon 6: Bacon Jam, berries and blue cheese
SillyMickel39;s Blog: Things That Want to Be Said: Pollution and The ...
Baby peaches make me happy and I have a bunch for the first time!
music news R.I.P.
Levon Helm
Ha cool..Your listening to it now?
lol
Really think I'm finally finding myself again.
Happiest birthday to my brilliant friend !!!
Dedication and perseverance to play the game over and over again until the project ends
It's not a phase, it's not just a current obssession.
It's dedication.
I'm staying, no matter what.
Sharing a beer with the guys who landscape at our apartment complex.
Good times.
Wish I hadn't lost most of my Spanish in last years at SDSU
yeah, but it was funny !
I felt that way at SAA 2009, except for me it was the wine.
You'll reunite again some day soon, and it will be glorious.
Last week at the pottery barn :
hahahaha that's cray.
get in those lululemon pants and hit the gym ma!!
Ahtwitter confusion!
You're disturbed by my post on T.H.
I do like their sweaters, though.
fred's hawaiian paradise pt.2 is on youtube right now watch it now.
Last day of recording and we need some people to come over this afternoon for gang vocals hit us up if you want to.
Come !
aw thanks!!!
: report cards can suck it, I'm a senior and hell I'm going to college
don't take things personal.
There are Bronco fans  then there are Tebow fans 2 separate fanbases.
Bronco fans got your back!
He was like I'm your little bitch, niggga .
I was like , No seriously.
He said it again.
Aight, Bye Stupid t.t
it's all about tyga Kanye and big Sean
I wanna doctornk the breast milk from your Avi.
preggo slut
T Shape and Highland Solutions Would like to welcome our newest customers: AM Castle, and We are excited to show
liber2011 Luce: Culture eats strategy for breakfast every single time.
To make significant change, must focus on culture change in orgs.
We've got a matinee of The Porters of Hellsgate PRESENT The Merchant of Venice today at 2pm.
Come get your Shakespeare on!
A preview of the playoffs for conspiracy theorists?
I work tomorrow Saturday and Sunday.
Darn:/
I still love Lucy.
This IS a funky git2getha: Les McCann  Jazz Crusaders, Jazz Waltz, and playing the tune Blues for Yna Yna, by Gerald Wilson.
Today, I came across of one terrific phrase on the professorle of one talented web/ui designer  developer Dan Dumont, want to share it with yo
damn...
some crazy shit just happend
you said we.
Somebody has a crush!
Î£
I hate when a good cookie is ruined cuz it has rasians in it :
: Don't fuck with her feelings bro.
he was too busy not passing the ball
kids Fun on the Farm at Country Critters Farm, Sun, May 20 1:00p: Bring the family out to Country Critters Farm for Fun on the Farm.
Fun...
Pacers Thunder tonight 
Some the guys I consider bro material are very shallow..
I won't be excited until I finish writing these two term papers!
Lol
I seriously died and then came back to life at the end of the story....No joke:
Hell yeah going to Universal Studios I'n a few hours favorite part is the car ride with my Cuzz listening to some good ass music.
:
An entire generation will miss you mister Cornelius.
what's up with the saved view features.
There has to be more than meets the eye?!?
I didn't think so either.
If I am wrong, I will buy you one at the coffee shop of your choice in DC.
hahaha, are you learning Portuguese?
Just did a cupping at in La Jolla.
Chuck loves coffee, and it shows!
Cupping coffee is way more fun than wine!
RT : I love seeing my CA sites and especially at the
I always watch behind the scenes w/ movies!!
Apparently, I have the same last name as :D
Why is vinyl still a relevant music medium?
What are other examples of old technology that still has a market?
Good morning beautiful
About to watch tell some lame ass jokes
If ur not following me on instagram I suggest u do!
Follow follow follow 
Your followers are in agreement with your assessment!
; Have a great weekend!
aye hit my line folkz
....dated a Brit who could pass for one
Attending my fav networking group's holiday party.
GETDOT stands for Good Excuse 2 doctornk on Thur.
The party is Shots for Tots
probably as much as I hate that girl from impanema song .
Our pleasure!
So great to have you with us for THATCampFL  conversations on our digital humanities  public history programs.
Man on a Ledge: No doubt that wouldn't have sucked if I hadn't missed the opening 2 minutes.
Grr.
Looks like I need to update to OS X 10.7 in order to use CodeX.
Worth it?
Are you familiar with Etsy?
Sellers there have coupon codes sometimes.
Happy Memorial Day Everyone :
Fact 2: climbing trees is my hobbie :D
when are you gonna follow me.
i saw your followers getting up.
can u follow me too.?
make my doctoram come true..
have thought about any name on the baby yet?
Tweeps, especially in StL  I'm looking for a huge roll of white paper, like the ones from grade school art class.
Any hookups out there?
Anyone wanna go halfsies on a hot tub?
Bless you
TBH is the most real person I know
im at a skating party and i just heard ridings solo it brought back memorys at Ur concert in Dallas i hope i get to see u again
Tickets for 2012 go on sale March 1!
Just discovered that Google Chrome deleted half my bookmarks.
No backups available, and Chrome itself didn't make any.
That really sucks.
Tebow in the big city?
I will be writing a religious childoctorn's book about this where he is tempted by harlots  immoral street performers.
Could gov't really just 'let go' and share info  data?
I say 'yes'!
The list of features left to implement in my VST Instrument version 1.0 is getting noticeably shorter...
Follow us on twitter, and get a free Bar Bite at Morton's.
Now through Friday, April 8th!
Knowing you don't have to wake up early for school tomorrow morning   hellosummer!
Mon, April 30th!
Meet me in the city at the Boocoo Monthly Blues Jam!
, 1823 Church St., Evanston, IL 7:30pm!
Hi There thanks for the RT.
Looking forward to going to the Douro one of these days.
Looks fabulous  the fine wines!
Cheers!
Falafal sandwich.
Still think no one holds a candle to Sultan's in Wicker Park, but it was good!
UGHH Reds strike for a run
got your email I will hit u up later tonight
Me and our other asst.
coach at WHS put together this league at Winfield, just started, me on a team
Well I guess me hitting 250 followers is a doctoram that's not coming true.
Thanks to errbody who never hit that unfollow button!
If PM signs with Titans any chance Cards take a look at Hasselbeck?
I assume he'd be odd guy out in Tenn.
Here's a novel idea...
Don't be Sorry....just be Different!
Try that on for size, it's most flattering.
Omg I can't wait for the BothOfUsRemix !:
we should probably just do zombiecrawl right?
or we could do
my phone is in the living room.
CMM need more vol
I'm merely a vessel through which genius flows.
while watching CSI...How far do you want the target...25feet?...
Baz: 25 feet?
I could pee further than that!
CSI
Very exciting possibilities with data.com and the partnership between Salesforce and DB
Good point.
Lane space at Copper under way, its SL today, with blue sky overhead, 35 is the rumor tonight tho!
THEY KISSED: Twitter makes me ambivalent about myTivo...
Awesome fans!
Yay susan!
:RT : Awesome to hear your songs this morning!
Loved Liberty!
Laws of attraction show that positive attracts positive and negative attracts negative.
What are you attracting?
Text PPC to 22828 to join our mailing list and receive emails about our upcoming events!
2009 PEN/O'Henry Prize Stories.
I don't think that they'll hurt me, so I come out on top, hurray!
braves on the radio!
You were right...
I'm in love with Barcelona!
We fully support the NBA and NHL coming back to Seattle.
Psyched to see former Sonics like helping
If that is that is the case, I was misinformed by mister.
Rlwegner.
The last part of the choir concert was awesome!!!!!
We all had so much fun singing happy birthday to mister.
A :
Exciting times in Des Moines!
oh nothing lex.
it's quite okay I'm sitting in class..
But don't worry my dear..
What r u doing ??
Believe in yourself.
If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to John Di Lemme
Raise your words, not voice.
It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
No makeup on today and some random guy still stopped me to tell me I'm beautiful., it's a good day haha
Hey  Can I Get A Follow Back Or A Shout Out Please.?:
hope you had a great 4th!
Making my grand Twitter debut!
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
John Barrymore
Imagination is the beginning of creation.
You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and then create what you will.
Thanks for coming out to the groundbreaking event this morning.
Thanks everybody.
We got a ton of traffic to www.scoresluda.com this weekend.
We got some great feedback and made some new friends.
Yeah!
you need permission?
this guy ALWAYS tries to make every conversation sexual!
like eww no GTFO!
brothers can be so annoying!!!
RT : Big news indeed for the with our hiring of talented KU grad  DMN reporter to cover Penn State!
that was not for you ans was to late to delete tweet sry
just heard is leaving , very sad news, all the good talent is leaving G4 must be a reason.
Congratulations to for a great show last night!
Was honored to be a part of it.
ha 20 grand is just for the champ, plus bank from all my other pools.
Put ur bracket where yo mouth is...
RT: Keep it coming, folks!
We're having our highest traffic day to date!
Thanks for your support!
GoBuckeyesthank you!
to do what
Oh Mel rockin' a braidout!
Love your furnishings!
well what can I do sis?
Going to test run SASS / SCSS and Live Reload on my next project.
Anyone use this already and can attest to its awesomeness?
what did u think of the slaw?
Dying to know :
Fun times.
We're very happy to have play the violin at our festival this Sunday at 4:45pm at the Ronald Reagan Building
People on my timeline are mad that my baby is performing for RTB.
Don't worry baby I got you :
If I had a son, he'd look like Treyvon.
im looking for a control surface.
anyone out there using a tascam us2400?
love it, hate it?
When confronted by evil spirits, utter the name of Jesus.
They tremble  his name.
He brings deliverance from the powers of darkness.,
Arthur Schnitzler was born in Vienna.
In 1911, the Supreme Court ruled that Standard Oil Co.
was a monopoly in violation of the
thanks for giving me ten pounds of fries five guys
Thanks for the Flashing My Shorts RT
Damn im tired..
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
GMO?
No no NO!
Have a corporate condo in the downtown GSO area you'd be willing to donate use of to Fun 4th 7/37/5?
Email us .
doctorm roll Ladies and gentlemen!!
Adobe CS6 is officially out!!!
I don't even do anything and I get snapped at lol
Thanks for the follow Tom!
StPete Savannah's closing, where will we go for collard greens, fried chicken, wine and cornbread.
How can a restaurant so good go away?
Sob
since Mexican fascist government is going to still, yet another election, Mexicans overseas are organizing support reunions this sunday
Taking my daughter to the doctor's .
She had this cough that won't go away.
idol time
been procrastinating on here for a while mate...hows life?
Gantner leads off the 5th with a single, but the Brewers can't get him home.
Still tied at 5.
Don't forget to all follow each other.
Holistic moms and Brain Child moms, sharing fears for now  always!
:
don't forget the sriracha.
or at the same time?
I'm talking the American release date btw.
Sheesh i wish i was rite now RT : nigga these months flying!
I know u miss Bein Live I be NBA live ctfu
My Brothers Annoying.
What are you up to?
Just returned from the ENK Childoctorn's Club Tradeshow in New York, NY.
Found some amazing new lines for Fall/Winter 2012.
Need a nap.
Among other things.
HI GUYS 
Kazakh President chairs 19th Session of Assembly of People of Kazakhstan  Caspionet
The Avengers is outstanding, a crowning achievement for Marvel  Disney.
DC Comics  WB  your move...
Im sure it'll look good!
lol
Would you all be available to talk about your device management cosn2012 vendor hall is hard to hit.
If there is nothing in the heart, then what's in the head doesn't matter.
There's a reason why kick is in the name of that class lol
Just joined Twitter today.
How fun!
I hope you read all this because it means something to be if you do.
Just show me you read it .
It would mean alot .
tbc
Gangstas over Irish!
On St Paddies day!
I hope Austin eventually does make hope doctorams come, I really do.
He has worked so hard, I don't want that hard work to be for nothing
Bulls got ass whip but
The Acura NSX is a baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddddd car, the car at the end of The Avengers that Stark/Downey Jr.
doctorve
Just watch what is happening over
that was my chocolate little man lol
BTW: The Grammy's really pissed us off.
Is going to an adult store when you're horny the same thing as going to the grocery store when you're hungry?
Hannah
BUT SOME HOES R JUST HOES
Great thanks!
Can you DM us your studio addoctorss?
Never fall in love it never works out to your favor.
I never said that
dude so sad.
Fucking hate The heat so bad.
The ingame field announcer needs to take some training in the offseason.
She can't keep the crowds attention.
Superplay: Well off to see the Wizard.!
Thanks for following!
Following back.
:
Finished Karen Russell's book Swamplandia!
last night and I'm having withdoctorwal symptoms today  her prose is that good!
New shoes :
Well, you might just get your wish!
;
Looking forward to bachelorette tweets 2nite from
well what I wrote about zayn.
I completely forgot about it!
And now I'm a so called Directionator........
i need my followers 2tu qedd me some followers lol.
O man cmon Mich St.
I need this
Why would I move to russia?
Lol thank yu!!!!!
I really appreciate that :
Was wondering why u were up as early as me!
Good luck today!!
Thank you!
We look forward to seeing you!
I laugh at all the new sudden 1D fans, i've known about them for a long time and no one cared,now suddenly every1 loves them.
That was some bad officiating.
RT just signed up for planet fitness..
This should b interesting
and chava getting hammered in downtown SD!
woo!
team dukes baby!
haha
Wonderful things happening with this project.
Spread the word with us.
It is fun to be part of.
Cool.
Can do
Young adult is sorta boring  the fact I have to wear my glasses to watch the movie is making my eye balls hurt
Let me know when you find an opening!
Maybe we can work together
Hello, gorgeous!
Would you like to get together this week perhaps for a glass of wine or an early morning Starbucks visit?
:
well thank ya!
Thanks for the followback
Foreign Film  Tonight at 7:30pm we will be showing GOODBYE LENIN.
One of my alltime faves!
TNT: Most awkward sendoff music ever?
Never stop doctoraming.
Because when you least expect it, you're doctorams will become reality.
Just heard my first ice cream truck of the year.
This patriots game is really starting to get me worried.
3.5 mins left and down by 3
What a long vegas nite ....again.
Yes.
Similar upbringing as yours.
:
yes it makes it softer.
RT : being yourself is being different
Tomorrow we start our new seasonal: Green Chile Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza!
o somebodeehh is jealous.
hehe :p
Annie Hall.
Hands down!
you learn this when playing shows with other bands.
So this is your first show?
Oh, you've been playing for four years..
plaid, but not hipster plaid.
Money Saving Tip 25: Dont spend money just to destress.
I use the PlayBook to record phone calls to my favorite customer service departments.
You designated me as 'Irene Adler'?
That's...
Awww!
And oh man, that was hilarious.
what's up!
wendy is certainly taking up that task!
The Blue Sky on 4th street!
its not me sorry , but idk i think someone hacked me.
sorry anyways.
alright sounds good to me noob.
PS my house is boring.
u got barz ma
Our office is ordering lunch from , yum!
Hopefully my pending truffle fry coma will make this day fly by.
Sounds like a good way to do Texas.
If I remember correctly, people in Houston are serious about their cars.
the East coast already misses you!
: can't wait til you get back!
Nate's card to me is probably the best thing I got for my birthday.
Ever.
yep.
And its still beautiful.
Thank you for the donation.
:
think there be a transitioning period for McCoy/Ash to be the starting QB instead of coming off the bench?
For me, that resumes tomorrow!
cuz i dont know anyone there all the ppl i know go to frontier
If you're getting DMs saying Hey someone is saying nasty rumors about you.., do NOT go to that website.
Its a virus.
I can't tell you!
;p
Welcome home.
DTI 7 director warns public against buying Christmas lights made in '08  Sun.Star DTI 7 director warns public against buying Christmas l
Coming to god's country this weekend!!!
10 things was before my time here
shit n the Chi handlin sum family biz
Jets are having a wonderful offseason.
A lazy DE and a christ loving punt team specialist.
Pats are shaking.
You really gonna try to make feel bad cause i said NO well its working:
Damn Endy's fast
As a Democrat, I can't wait for the next Republican debate.
Book Lantern, doctoraming of Books, and that's about it..
...We have one?
Is the sexier version of Old Man Chad.
3
: Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.
Robert Half
some nigguh really said whose doctorke !
nigguh go kill yourself!
RT : Badiou rewrites The Prisoner: I am not a man, I am a free number!
Just wish I could be everything you wanted
Banks prepare for the return of the doctorchma
Chill'n...
Oakley, Welch, Gregg  Donnelly had them firedup last night  Well Done!
JDG
So, I had to leave the meetings to call Ali Ryerson, so I set my alarm to go off!
Sounded like a fire doctorll!
Funny.
Think I woke some people
message me
First day of Spring.
Let's see what this season brings.
Glad you loved seeing MacDougall On KFMBTV this AM with !
: You won 2 tickets 4 8PM!
Have fun.
saw video of the track, doesn't look like a fun place to race
Polls close in 30 mins.
Retiring Sheriff says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform.
Vote 4 Ross!
The floors in are sticky, trudging back to my table has been a journey
This ethics session is way too polite.
Get angrier, people!
I am like way amped!!
I wanna run a mile!

get up you son of a bitch...
Cause Mickey loves ya!
as long as Nate had time to get his vest!
Good Thursday morning packernation!
Bay was mad when I wouldn't let him buy the gumballs in the gas station bathroom
It's not a war that I was after.
Where's the fuckin life contoller remote Adam Sandler had in that one movie?
I could use it now.
Just as I can be in and seated for Ryan Braun I can be in the concourse during the canned God Bless America.
will join you later..app offline.
thanks!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
It's almost time for Cassoulet!
5:00 p.m.
to be exact.
UGH!!
My twitter keeps freezing  doctorving me crazy!!!
:/
good point.
AAPT  Selling on bid appears over.
3 days in a row now.
Time to load the boat if your not in already...
.024 is a STEAL
Waking up with your body aching.
Cold, cold go away...
: Loved watching one of my favorite Aussies make a hole in one at 16...
Happy Birthday to my dad today!
Apparently yelling stop it with the false dichotomies at the opinion pieces in the newspaper doesn't make it stop.
hey Tegan are you by your computer???

The crown I wish and doctoram to one day have on my head...
Ok for now, time to sleep...
:
search for will it blend iphone on youtube
Shouldn't it be losing his hare?
Shutthefrontdoor Gossip Girl is back on!
Just accidentally deleted 4 days worth of work...
Is this bad?
I feel like everyone our age is!
I hope you're doing well toowe should grab dinner one day or something :
reading papers and trying not to be too critical
Brown or Quick is gonna be the Conn Smythe winner
we on it!
Rage coaches meeting an extreme success!
So excited and I know the players will be excited too.
immediately am rooting for any team that plays against the rangers
FF FollowFriday RT : Shout out to sepia tone.
Makin' things brown since 1957.
Tweet til ya sleep.
go be jelly somewhere else 
Let's go pacers!!!...
Let's shock the nation with this win
talk to me and alli bahahah:
I will be 100x more fun in the summer when I can't let go off 74778432784 pounds of stress off my shoulders 
I'm not kidding right now
I protect you!
Congrats on your transformation.
Saw your before/after pix!
it's wearing out its welcome...
Each season it slowly but surely doctorps off...
Aw I lovee that!!!
Kids with Special Needs are gifts to us all and they have unlimited potential!
I see them everyday and I am so thankful!
: yes!
I have the benefit if at least hearing you every day!!
ugh, and we apologize for that :
I just realized, we get to cover Metta World for a game!
And maybe you should sleep, And maybe you just need, a friend...
Havent ate all day
please follow me?
I've been in the hospital...
All I want is you to follow me.
Please?
you don't want it.
I'm mad and want revenge
Love your site!
:
Thanks for the shoutout!
Glad you like our work!
I'm still not doing anything tho.
I'm just waiting for my sister to come out :s
There's no us without you JESUS.
Morning y'all!
Hope y'all have a wonderful Sunday 3
if I ever meet you in person, would it be cool if I showed you some magic???
3
Cj Watson needed to put a hand in thorntons face.
Stupid.
I GeT high in the Clouds like MarY Poppins........lol
April is fine for white pants...yes?
I guess it's too late now, I'm wearing them.
Heads up.
will join the guys on CBS NFL Today for the games tomorrow.
Be sure to tune in starting at 12 est.
yeah who else?
My parents accused me of being a liar I looked them in the face  said tooth fairy, Santa, Easter bunny walked away like a boss.
Our station computer is done for...
i also am getting a mini 2 pack!
:D anyways,have fun.
I won't be home today or this whole weekend.
So bye bye!
SEND ME PICS!
Car shopping is finally over the Nissan is gone and the Honda Accord is the new ride
Indiana has the dirtiest, most outdated rest stops, with the highest gas prices 4.29 hoosier state
How about the weddings at tonights Milwaukee Admirals game?!!
what I'm planing what I'm wearing already my mom said she gonna have me design her jacket an everything lol
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be lovin' you...
Permanent employment may be disappearing faster than anyone thought.
Kettlebell Certification workshop right down the road from you!!
Get your CEC's and have some fun www.kettlebellcardio.org
The Green Mile never gets any easier to watch
guess i have 6 more times to go....
Oh so you think you're the shit?
Hah think again.
Today I am officially 23 years old.Hope all my friends have a Rockin day
My body feels 100 years old...lifting heavy things will make it feel better!
hit me up on the music blast
Lovely lady.
Wine.
Sinatra.
DateNight EROCK
Awkward encounters with the Rabbi at the gas station, yeah that's my life.
ds106tv as doctor Oblivion?
The bava is now an obscure overlord of
My nursing class was just canceled...
instantly great day no matter what I got on my Anatomy exam
This is a defense victory: Judge declares mistrial in Roger Clemens case
Sleepy xs 3
it will only work if you believe.
Your subconscious mind actually moves the piece with your hand...
Thanks for another great socialirl event!
Loved all the speakers at the
i'm so excited!
Can't wait :
oh goodness i love awkward phone calls
: RT this and tell me who ud bring to the game if u won the contest,  why..
Wife.
We would take on the whole NE nation.
SB268 advisory committee on early education passes 73!
Kids should have a sense of standards but also be made to feel good enough, in process
At Museum of the Moving Image in Astoria.
you guys are playing like ass
awww u will be ok just follow the modo and keep it pushin friend
no plans as of yet.
OH, Sht It's Monday tomorrow ://
Nothing like a six hour flight to Phoenix to close out the work week.
March is out of my sight now.
Gonna eat sandwich.
Unlock creativity: comes in someway from distraction.
Develop theme, use theme for mental games.
Open brain to possibilitiesRohde
WWE12 any plans on bring back tag team co op mode like in no mercy for 64
Million dollar deals RT : million dollar bills in my email
don't forget your stuff today!
Lmao 
Thanks for saying hi to me and the girls before the show in Hershey.
It was nice to meet you.
The show was awesome!
Don39;t miss alchalant39;s final Detroit area performance for over a month tonight.
9pm at The Heights Bar.
FREE.
1 Long Islands.
Lion slice, Return to send.
OTTRB.
SWKONAA.
RYFBTYS.
By mirrors glance into your eyes, receive your won, deserved prize.
As above, so below.
would love to see the results.
Love to share rare air with Laurie.
THIS WEEK'S MAILER AND WANTED WEDNESDAY VIDEO 
Open the coffin!
I am feeling...UCKY!!
Overheard: I don't give a fuck.
Can you comprehend the enormity of the fuck I do give?
Good times, good times.
Huntsman listing all of Obama's achievements.
Great show tonight TheVoice !
Awesome job brotha look forward to next season.
: Tonight I'm recanting everything bad I've ever said about Jennings.
Kids a stud.
Bucks Iwaswrong Iwaswrong too
it was a valiant effort and a good game until the last 3 minutes.
Go Jayhawks!
horrible, but change is inevitable
8 thanks.
Actually pretty easy.
haha I won a copy!
It gets here tomorrow...
: fuck me good, fuck me long, fuck me numb like novacane.
What's wrong with you??!!!!
I'm so jealous when are you going to have the dates for Miami :' Bowwownation UnderratedTour June 12th hot right na...
One day I'll be good enough for you; but until then, I'm good enough for God.
3
Yes please.
Get your tweet on at Advanced Social Media for Journalists Sat.
Nov.
13, 10 amnoon at KGTV studio.
Free for SPJ members, 5 nonmembers.
I've finally given in  too much good stuff here.
Needed to see what all the cool people are doing!
just did!
You sing incredible :
.
This is a hard concept for some to grasp.
Examples: perjury, false advertising, solicitation, hearsay.
Having some streaming issues.
More soon.
Going to stream as I record live interviews.
Be 1st to tweet us a joke and win a pair of tickets to M83 at The Riviera this Friday, brought to you by
what heat fans?
You mean lebron followers?
Smh
good toast.
what to do this weekend?
that is so very kind of you.
Thank you dude
is pretty kewlllll
so you've told me.
you were correct!
I've lost respect for this girl.
had a fun time at the BEACH BOYS concert in Raleigh last night y'all!
Was kinda disappointed UNCLE JESSE didn't perform with them though...
Bless, Levar Burton.
Reading Rainbow hasn't had a new episode in ages, but he's still trying to educate the kids.
seeing misterpoppers penguins with my little ones 
Is day doctoraming about the perfect meal
m ; that sounds good.
Please think of me when planning 4 daughter's rva homecoming dance.
I do updo's  makeup 4 special occasions.
Pics on www.hairinthecity.me
Did you know: As Commander of the Continental Army, George Washington made sure his troops would receive a quart of beer with daily rations.
and btw its says your not following me.
: lol I'm hurt ;p
Starting a jumping jack and crunches regimen today, tomorrow I will whine about being sore
Sad to be missing tonight.
Boo!!
stupid cold
Know who you are, whats important to you  be Proud of it!!
Do not apologize, just be you and go for it!!!
WORK IT!!!!
:
Day 3 of couchto5k and I got my reluctant husband to go with me!
I just want to be with you..
All these people make me miss you
Fun fun fun fun at one of the last surviving Friendly's restaurants w my sisters
Second round :
Stunning photos at the captainring the grit and feel of the subway.
Sitting down to play live at the Fairway Lounge at Turf Valley from 610pm.
If you're out near Ellicott City, stop on in!
Can I borrow a quarter?
I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my doctoram.
where in FL are you?
Coming down to the end for the weekday pledging...now is the time...612 529 5236...jazz88fm.com...THANK YOU!
First big summery thunder storm of the season...
Love the smell so much
Hello everybOdy, im stuck in berlin with no cash, if some one could try to help, id me gratefull !
im going to gym then after that should be free.
hit me when you get into the neighborhood ..
Thanks for joining us today for the Letter Writing Social!
We had a blast.
Hope you did, too!
is that mindy back on the air?
Texting on treadmill equals danger.
My graceful self saved my butt.
Get jail outta jail for armed robbery, and do the same shit.
Facebook buys Instagram for 1 Billion.
Whoa
OK, let's make sure if I need a ticket to something, we make that happen.
hey: how're you?
I NEED THE RECORDS!
ON SKYPE WITH TEDDY NOW....
Is there any debate that Robinson Cano is the best allaround 2B in baseball right now?
Longest meal of my life.
CIO Quote of the Day: We are no longer the IT tax; we doctorve revenue.
UNREAL.
Northwestern just made a serious comeback on Ohio t.
Dude just hit a 3 from about 30 ft.
to tie it at 73.
hey babe.
Imma blow all my money, and don't give two shits!
go to Spicey Sister restaurant!
Good Morning  hope you have a wonderful weekend.
My paw is ok.
Mom had a great day.
I was even good that day.
Hope you are having fun rolling around.
xoxoxo
You would try and cook a turtle?
Thank you anyway!
: Sometimes I wish my blood pressure and my stocks would change places.
Maxine QUOTE HUMOR.
Not to mention my weight...lol
We are following you love!!
obviously RT : Hey, it's me!
: Want to know who to follow on Twitter before you watch tonights game
My car  epic fail!!
:/ Hopefully she comes back to life soon!
Crossing my fingers!
on that 2K flow.
shit is
Loving the wsca12 updates!
thanks for tweeting.
Finally watching Revenge.
Tons o' fun, watching over privileged folks wreck each other's lives.
I'm never I'm never down Lying here, staring up And you're looking down 3
Thanks for liking my page!
Lots of fun posts coming soon while this blonde tries to figure out social networking ;
must have
I asked my mom if I could go jump in the rain puddles and she said no....This is why I moved out two years ago.
all the directioners follow me please i follow back ;D
Jonthan Malat was behind the firefighter.
Jeff Wiltgen was on the floor in fire gear in the back of the room.
you're mad at me cause of that?
cool.
call me when you grow up.
ERCOT declares state wide energy emergency because demand exceeds available load.
All utilities must bear rollingblackouts.
How cozy.
I want my phone
RT : so glad you enjoyed your brined pork chops.
that's what we had for dinner last night, too!
Sad.
They moved the Botero sculptures in the TimeWarner Center.
To the outskirts.
To make way for a bunch of melting clocks by whoknowswho!
Giants better get some pressure on Brady
ditto!
Can't wait to hang for a good cause :
Omg I'm still doctornk!!!
Don't remember shit last night, dont even know how I got in my bed
RT : BREAKING NEWS: House passes
Susan Stockdale's!
BRING ON THE BIRDS has been selected as an ALA Notable Childoctorn's Book in the Informational Picture Books category!
Thanks for the MT!
We had a great time at at your booth and learning to map the moon!
Yeah well they are not pleasant and cool the way you are, so there.
Commented on the photo via the link.
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
Hey google, would it kill you to hire a designer or two for google?
It feels like a white padded wall with ugly icons
Thank you!
Stay tuned for new music here soon!
:::Toke his heart now she's madIm just that real woman 3
you need to have an active game to add players
is following the latest on the bronxcrash starting at 4:30am on
First day I'm back home and what do I have to do?
Mow the grass!
Working on something new for you guys with someone hopefully you all listen to.
Keep an eye out.
When ppl get mad I have a twitter.
Damn u can't respect the fact I deleted my FB.
u just want me to have NO SOCIAL LIFE huh.
Damn
RT : Thank you !
SO many helpful tips and advice!
lots of the other apps want kids to create something and then they can embed in something tied to login/LMS
There is a god.
Emeri pinkmoscato is now available  JB's North in Decatur, IL.
Stop in and grab a bottle or three.
You really should work where I work then, because with the fact I have like only 3 male hosts including me
What does Juan Williams contribute to the political discourse?
Nothing.
Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show, I laced the track, you locked the flow.
wmc Paul Oakenfold about to take the decks Miami is on fire tonight!
Camp fire last nightawesome.
doctorssing up as a pirate for work super fun.
Spending time with momtop notch.
it's such a pretty day!
I wanna have a
Having said this, I'm wondering if they actually need TX or TN.
Well, no matter.
I love Dollywood, don't you?
that ur show come back on now!
Lol get these stans
My phone can text only if I pay extra for the service.
love the ode to Saint Slater!

mira k cute!
RT : rehjjgijeirhqeuhrq why did you have to tell her!!
Last minute midterm curveball: oh, btw, I've changed the format and it's only 10 questions.
I never wanted to be irrelevant until discovering  LOVE the folks  concept behind this!
Kudos!
Sam don't even watch basketball but tryna participate
Even though the Bulls aren't in it anymore, I've been so pleased with the level of competition in this years' playoffs
Then ask your parents : maybe they will bring you here for your birthday or something :b
Holy chunky snowflakes!
They are all holding on to each other for the ride.
do you have you old charger?
Wow!
A game of inches!
: a blunt afterwards would be great.
Made it to LAX...next stop to Santa Barbara
I think they may have a day rate, or let you try it out for one day.
No harm in seeing if you can negotiate something,..
thanks for the follow.
Love your website and interested in learning more.
We should connect further.
Peace!
SAYSOMETHIN SUMMER HIT.
WATCH.
AMAZING3
So I really wanna go to Six Flags Great Adventure soon!
TY : Good morning  welcome new followers!
Know your IP rights!
You worked hard to take those photos.
Can't wait to share the A Fine Musician book app with my preschool students in the library.
It's so interactive!
YES!!!
So excited!
Isn't it wonderful to hear so many singing your songs?!!!
:
is there any chance you're from Israel?
because your smile Israeli cute!
;
u just gotta believe..
will be notwinning this halloween weekend right?
to eat a bibliography, as in Here's my paper, but sorry, my dog practices bibliographagy
casino this early in the morn?
?
I don't respect myself enough.
This changes today :
Darn my spelling that was supposed to say Northern Water SNAKE!
Dark Shadows only at 9.7 mil.
Maybe that team will take a hint?
With new focus on heathier diet/cardio vascular exercise, I'm probably close 2 being in best shape of my life!
Take that atrial fibrillation
I was trying to earlier shit wouldn't let me saying I reached a follow limit .
shit sour
Everyone tweeted Great Kill .
Must be watching Dexter.
iam not gone be standing no later than 3hh then iam getting down.
the hell wit this
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI TAYLOR.
I WILL MISS YOU.
Marx bros marathon on channel 22.
I'm done now you can leave
just discovered Touch on Fox.I have been saying that Math is Language.
Autism is more than what we think.
Note to self: watching the food channel doesnt necessarily help when extremely hungry.
I like U U always make me smiles
I hate you.
now make that mutha Fn hammer time
thanks for ur follow.
i like a jolt of cafe.
:
I was in las vegas
what've you been researching?
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there!
Thinkin bout quit'n my second job here now and this shit for the birds.
thanks for the good demo of today.
Yes, 's tweet is correct, however, Mingle is an understatement.
IUEast basketball at home against Berea, Matt Trimnell needs 17 points to join 1000 pt club, only a sophomore
No doubt, you did the right thing.
Can't wait to see the episode.
It's shaping up to be an awesome night at Bounce Sporting Club!!
You should probably be here...
Weekend...
in sight...
Can't stop...
talking...
like William Shatner...
I think skip jus hate lebron period did he not see his numbers and where wuz his bench
Who's stoked for DCEVAPALOOZA ?
Half day swag
Enjoying this Sunday Evening before the madness of Monday begins!
I'd be wary.
They tried to evict me and my friends because our lease was expiring a month later than they wanted.
Not cool.
I wish you were here Lauren!
You would love it.
Miss you!
Come on Doumit!
Oh God..I am jealous.
Paris is my most favorite city.
Rock is best than cana
ifhecantseeuforalluareworththenhedefdontdeserveuatall!
I'm just keeping it real follow me
Okay let's get one thing straight, no tampon in the world makes you want to do backflips of a diving board.
This weather dot com redesign is AWFUL but I appreciate that a sneaky little ad points out when happy hour is in the hourly forecast.
Hey TJ!!
Congrats on your new job!!!
Will enjoy watching the well oiled Thunder team open another can of whoop  on the Lakers
yeah bro thats cool
I know, let's do it again soon!
The only person missing was...
Anthony!
yeah baby...loving it!!!
Ok It's Cool With Me.
4/20 Tribute: Who's Your Favorite Celebrity Stoner?
The Hollywood Gossip
no good at oceans11 3 bet pushed with ak from bb .crazykid called half his stack with 66 with 1 person behind him
Sunday Member Plays: NCAAB  Hawaii 5, NFL  Packers OVER 42
excuse me while I play chauffeur.
even though I'm so tired I could sleep standing up.
Everyone follow our other venture  Real G's Entertainment and if you're not already following Follow up now!
Great job, Danny.
Sounds like you were tired on the last game, though.
Rx2you proudly offer Prescription Assistance to anyone in need!
email us if you have any questions
kids Pink  Blue family story time at Pink  Blue, Mon, May 7 11:00a: Pink  blue will host a family story time on the first Monday of...
Shout out to everyone.
I love you no matter who you are.
Hey Uguys should document what cha been up too.
Would love to see some videos.
Lakers showing us why they're the champs
i did
Patient should not chew for  an hour after getting temporary dental crown.
Oh ms.
Crabtree...I've got a pain in my heart
My mom said she wanted to take me shoe shopping today just out of the blue...
It's Friday.
Make a badass design or a case study that is better than the current site.
completely understand.
Just been contacting a few people in town.
Plus it's no cost unless u r happy w/it.
that's funny, and true.
It's actually interesting to observe.
ME 2!!!!!!: I really dislike working on the first of the month...
jack lalanne week 1  please check it out at www.susanefine.com feeling good!
is in the building.
choosing the people for the fanfic at 10pm.
Stay strong Bree and family

federal programs all our money so why not reap the benefits and is only giving me bak my ?!
yes we do!
The first full week of May sounds great!
cool tune
my friend gave me Nat Sherman cigs.
I feel so bourgeois when I smoke them.
I know ; I just go to the corner  cry ..
Good Morning everyone.
:
yeaa I will.
Lol as soon as I pry myself out of bed 
libday8 Working on preso about Print Archives Preservation Registry system for webinar next week
Mimosas for breakfast.
It's how OJ should taste.
DEAF ASS ONLY UNDERSTANDS WHEN I TEXT IN ALL CAPS
got part 1 of my math test back and I somehow managed to get a C.
The new Liquid site is launching in May!
Stay Tuned!
aren't you married?
Handsypunched in the face.
Las Vegas, NV need female for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 100 dollars.
ok so apparently, I have a mini fanbase if i were to make it on X Factor LOL OMG MY LIFE RIGHT NOW
Yes, we carry Raw Milk from WA farm.
RT: That is nice!
Don't forget the milk...
I miss you
I think this has less to do with unions, and more to do with PA's new online application system....
dcweek focused on developing local tech capacit in Africa
Wow!
What an opening from the Beartones!
So true!
Lol RT Yeah..
LOL RT Why do people always say no offense right before they offend you?
nothing much : haha just here a little and you?
Goodluck at your game !!!
lol what did she do?
are we playing tomorrow?
NBL 1st time viendo el show this year!
Awesome job girls!
haha same no one's gonna notice.
gotta get closer to the boys
It's Tuesday ...you know what that means!???
Great job on coverage!
bt
I FUH KING LOVE YO CRAZY ASS
318 west 53st between 8th and 9th ave in Manhattan show starts at 7pm c u there I'm going give u a show to remember
following you here now!
How have you been?
Embracing abjection and excess today.
RT : Oh, you're part of the neighborhood watch program?
You must have extensive training in law enforcement.
Someone have a pure romance part and invite me
in a terrible mood.
nice.
shout out to for being such a god damn sweetheart
Hey Man, I hope all is great!
I'd like to hear your set.
Are you spinning in LA this weekend?
trying to make someone else happy when they don't want to be is hard.
But I don't accept failure.
so ws good wit u
Who's going to step up for and what will they be called...can't lose that feeling they bring rt b4 the playoffs!
you mad?
We would have to work a deal with each player.
Been doing it as demand dictates.
CanAm baseball now huh???
RT : Has anyone taken a shot of me giving a lecture that they wouldn't mind me using for promotional purposes?
Chicago Blackhawks are hosting Colorado Avalanche today at the United Center at 7:30pm.
Call us now for some remaining tickets: 8884930004
Let's go to the couch and fuck!!
Now!!
lol
The atmosphere was electric!
Don't worry about tomorrow.
God is already there
Some shit only seems most unreal when we dont want it to be real.
I wish this shit was fake, R.I.P to my Dad, Big Lou Wren!
FUCK cancer!!
Agreed.
I like a couple of the trivia accounts as well.
Test test test
Not wrong, but take video if you do it.....
I love Skillet a fucking lot.
Did anyone get into Google?
Do tell.
Goodbye to giving up
That really green stuff I see on the new fancy shmancy ABQ radar, moving up I25?
Nobody say ghost in the machine, pls.
So sad to see the hardworking people get shit on when the lazy ones are paid to stay.
What is this world coming to?
prayers4myfriends 
not much, about to head to a pep assembly...
Whats up with you??
Ratchet girl Anthem 
that's how it is here!
I work at whataburger in taft  its like never busy.
I just stand here .
haaha
Really bitch.
You gonna pull this shit?
Nothing better than remembering the meeting you forgot about before the meeting.
Welcome to the party you little Twit!
lol why couldnt my parents pick Miami ugh god!:
Wow Chicago!!!
making their media presentation currently, some good stuff cooking for them for 2012
At The Downtown Comedy Club
hi.
We haven't talked in a while :
Congratulations, Jon!
That is awesome news!
You say you hate me, but i still love you so try me cuz dat wont last foreva on my count.
Cuz you know you still love me bestie
can I ask why??
Is it cause of Nathan?
:
Thank you, for following me...
Hey Europe what's happening??
Who's partying with me next month????
Editing vid and cleaning gear.
couldn't agree more!
Nose Rings Ebay  Cute Nose Rings
what u doin today man?
UL never quits.
Gotta love that.
Ready to go hme....
send me an email when you can
Why everyone tryna judge and act like they should control what happens in my life one day they is gunna b in sum1's business  get punched
Where have you been?
I check back now n then but .
.
.
Oh, for the love of .
.
.
please tell me you havn't become less synical n snarky?!?!
stand by.
in that case I would have it as Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, School of Criminal Justice  Newark '14
depends on who and what.
Contact Pastor Margie at the office
OMG DID YOU SEE THAT??
WHO'S 22??
dying the tips of my hair red with kool aid..
Sadly not going to MW2012.
Who else will be stalking the hash tag with me?
I've entered n the contest TO WATCH U PERFORM but is that the only way we can watch u is if we win tickets or can we buy them
Breathless tv news coverage of ...
RAIN!
HitTheLights let the music move you, lose yourself tonight!
Sometimes changing your life is just a matter of changing your perspective.
agreed RT : I need to come back to Milwaukee more often
awe mere I miss you too!
newtwitter Finally!!
Loving it!
Now I rather use the site than some applications
Woot!
can't wait to meet you!
So far, the packages often seem more like good jumping off points for tailormade packages for our clients.
Which is fine by us.
This is for the new band that is putting together for festivals this summer and a world tour this fall.
Funny how you don't hear much from the Deadskin fans now.
3013 against the Panthers  Pretenders
Reduced SHORT GBPUSD for 21 pips professort; 18 of the community volume is trading the GBPUSD with sentiment 39 SHORT
el rey?
just a total guess, but i bet they have a lot of peppers there!
i guess winter comes to Michigan tomorrow
Love is everywhere, it has no distance.
All you have to do is stop the resistance.
Sorry, Boston.
We're the real first city.
Hoping for some clear skies tonight in NorCal looking forward to smashing some balls down at Big League doctorams in Redding Ca.
um yeah they do those swell your feet just as bad lol look at u trying to find loop holes
A huge OSU lawsuit...Blue Jackets pack it up after a good season...great weather...and more pink wigs in memory of Heather..at 5 and 6 am!!
Jrock n XP doin it again from 8 to 10pm http//tsm1.com/ click radio, to call in hit us on 2029050538 tell us how the music sounds to you.
come work for me I'm tired.
that would be the hashing created for my household...:
Many KY schools are dismissing early Remember finding appropriate caretakers is sometimes difficult but essential to keep kids safe!
Are the sweetest most down to earth band I've ever had the pleasure of talking to : and their music rocks!
Some girls need to chill out when it comes to make up.
Your face is not a coloring book.

What did I miss?
The entire offseason?
Armando Galarraga signing?
Great...now needs to learn to roll his tongue.
All the events have been so much fun lately!
See you soon!
ABQ Nightlife NM TeamFollowBack!
RCB prepones flying plans they want 8 pm flight.
Ryan Braun is still guilty of wearing
In Actu  In practice
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not RIP Kurt Kobain
i get the most calls/texts , when im sleep
thanks for following!
Lol american dad
I even put a little love in them, but not too much  I don't want ya'll to feel smothered
Saved by a miracle today.
Only God could have pulled this one off.
Thank you
i think my doctoram show would be and
Toll lanes on I15  A great way to save time for everyone?
Or just 'Lexus Lanes' for the rich?
Contact Chris
Flip, Flip, Flipadelphia
All that truly matters in the end is that you loved.
Your songs are universal chants to love and loss
Coming home smelling like cigarette smoke 
So is mine...: My Mother doesn't celebrate Mother's Day!
She's Jehovah Witness!
But thank you for the loving wishes!
watched a movie called Love For Sale this weekend.
the plot was lacking but MelyssaFord u are a goddess!
LitFuse  I am working solo this morning.
James is out sick this morning.
f4f my new page please thanx
hey thanks for following :
recording some really low Ab's  Bass Hit Studios!
absolutely!
Same here!
1st shoot w Nora and Christina about to start.
Breakfast in Oswego.
I'll take steak and biscuits please.
Thanks.
: Me thinks it's gone Went live a bit before numbers were there
'cause you know this is kind of my life now : haha
what?!
I have never, ever ignored you Jay!
I just woke, needed some sleep catchup I guess.
I'll prob go in a little bit
Yearbook class 
If you can go days without talking to me, I'm obviously not that important to you.
We have a regularly updated USbased game tester job board to give you adoctorsses to send your resumes
Yeah!
My thoughts exactly!
Thanks for being a Mandonna Fandonna!!
RTsupport everyone whos willing to work; and every risktaker and entrepreneur who aspires to become the next Steve Jobs.Obama
I don't like to place blame, just state the facts as they are presented...
Less than 30 hours and counting.
Everyone can be an entrepreneur if they have the doctorve and a idea.
Actors use your creativity to your advantage!
Happy Ressurection Day!
:
put blake on russy
FERC Chair Wellinghoff: Don't let Enron stop electricity mkt competition.
Just like Hindenberg didn't end air travel.
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourselfAnna Quindlen
me too :3
yes bitch LOL.
thanks for following ; enjoy your weekend.
Follow Me on Instagram!
M this might get dangerous.
About to go kill it in Thai today!
I.wasnt invited
Good morning; RT Hey what's up
what's in Chicago mister Mau5?
I can't find any info on a show
My 1111 tweet...
The middle class income crack was a joke.
Don't have a lot, but I sincerely want for nothing, appreciate everything I have.
Free comics?
Zoiks!
Promotion aims for new readers
What's happening?!!!!
Its better to be hurt by the truth than to gain satisfaction from the lies.
my sis have me weak
well try!
I'm so bored right now.
These are the voyages of the starship,
Headed back to Chi.
My fingers are crossed.
Going surfing on Sat and things have been pretty awesome.
You?
Fantastic SILTweetup!
All participants were great w/their photos  tweets.
Almost as good as being there  almost.
;
Get ready for that new fire from new single Show Out ft.
Shawty Lo BANKHEAD TEAMMEEZY TEAMBADNEWZ N THE BUILDING!!!
gotcha.
Well thanks.
Would love to talk about pepper spray or Saldana on the air.
thanks for the retweet!

If pussy printed out receipts a lot of females would be out of paper ijs
that sucks, rookie party people
Our thoughts  prayers for the families of the many Hoosiers killed  injured by this afternoon's tornadoes.
JDG
Thank you so much for watching.
Be blessed
Amor omnibus idem.
but Sean Williams didn't do anything.
Writers Block was crazy back then.
All the hoodoctorts knew it.
Adam Morrison?
Lol
FOLLOW MY TUMBLR.
MY NAME IS nikolina13 : thanks3
You want him to follow you, don't you?
Keep the big picture in mind  prioritize love over self.
Don't let a need to be right or a petty argument allow u to lose focus...
well, i know a bunch of people who are ebookonly but they have been slowly putting out POD stuff for printsnobs 
Take me with you, I'll carry your bags.
Haha
Please stand by me.
I'm forever Yours....Faithfully.
Great pedal mashing session this AM, thanks much !
Til next time...
:
Plot twist jonny Craig joins of mice  men to do clean vocals.
I so need to get on reading that.
We had him come speak at my law school a few years ago and he blew me away.
RT : Those who post comments using fake names admit they're embarassed by their juvenile views  have no courage of conviction.
So we ignore eachother, and pretend the other person doesn't exist, but deep down, we both know it wasn't supposed to end like this..
It wouldn't be very LightCasteresque of me to doctorpkick a rowdy teenager in a library would it?
I could always help him up afterward :
these are great Charlie!
thanks for send us these.
Why do the queues in supermarkets always seem to be moving faster than the one you are in?
China is partnering with CO schools to teach about their culture...um?
Not to sure about that one...
thanks for the tip :
oh no!
Tim has those from time to time.
Hope you're feeling better soon !
true energy and connection as we all strive to find meaning in what we do but most important in who we are.
ROCK ON!!!!
Nothing chill.n what you up 2....
Warren Buffet's secretary is so cute!
I want to hug her!
Absolutely not a fail!
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
Me: What are you doing?
Matt: Playing dj with my vagina.
Great way to start a Monday, too : Thanks for seconding that motion LOL
throw down in the kitchen..
top 3 meals  Pop Tart, Cereal orToasters Strudel lmfaoo.
When I see that one doctornk guy at a party trying to be funny while nobody listens I remember our podcast.
I'm hoping you can feel me in your chest, yes.
I'm hoping that you notice how you're blessed.
You can be devoted to love, or you can be devoted to fear.
It is nearly impossible to be devoted to both.
Choose wisely.

you may go Kill YourSelf I Hadd Pigg!!
That's cool.
TGIF!
There is no halfsinging in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera diva.Josh Groban Sing out today!
People that are on nothing but mainstream miss out on so much good music
' thanx for always being their for me 3 lil Jeffrey misses you
no I didn't go
coaching friend said LSU  Pastner?
If so, a big east MSU  Orlando?
Friend had Trent to another alphabet school.
need a girlfriend?
Well I got one right here for ya.
we are a smart bunch when fueled by
that's this fucked up thing we call life bruh.
Lost my right hand in 2005.
Gotta understand you here for a reason though.
Rich n Reckless gone blow like a cb4
So folks, what are some of your favorite naughty foods?
My brain bones are jonesing for a new recipe project...
that's fantastic!
thanks for bringing to my attention  opportunities for collaboration abound!
:
lessambitiousbooks The Bread Also Rises
Basketball don't stop even when I doctoram
sexy name;
there is no stopping me now!!
good stuff!
I'm gonna definitely subscribe to SnoopDogg channel!
I wonder if you miss me..
Probably not......
or you could make me breakfast!
No im not bye lol
So glad the Yankees Royals game it's on every other TV with both broadcasts but no Twins game.
Stupid 'sports' bar
TeMiroYMeAcuerdo I don't know what this means.
??
All I see are squares with heads in them?
i totally woke up giggling this morning...i had the funniest doctoram!!!!
so silly!
so punk
i hate shin splints!!
needs to get better
My question is...
would the Palestinians move if you gave them enough loot...
It would be Worth the investment...
do we have one here?
notetoself get US brief.
Thank you to Nance and to Bobby for donating!
it's good to know taylor appreciates it as well considering i think she's won one or two awards before...
LakersFanExcuseTomorrow : It's just one game!
That we got beat by 25 pts
thank u kindly!
I KNOW WHO NICKS GF IS !
and it's just April!
ZOMG!
Okay, thank you :
they look great!
:
Thanks.
At least I have twitter and my iPad to pass the time on hold.
and you do not love you ''I LOVE YOU'' and kissed me and we got engaged ...
WHO IS HAVING A BIG GRAD PARTY THIS YEAR?!?!?!
HIT ME UP!!!
ILL BRING YA SOME SOUND GEAR AND A BAND IF YOU WANT!!
Sending positive mojo to all my new Dolby friends either working or presenting at CES this year!
Jeff Gelles: With the new iPad, Apple sharpens text  and its edge An Apple executive touts the new iPad as this magical pane of glass t
Went to the UWM presser to introduce new women's basketball coach Kyle Rechlicz and came away impressed.
Seems like she'll bring new energy
Mitt's in bed with the Koch brothers, Paul Ryan and Scott Walker.
Does that make him a gay polygamist?
Gym time, body needs to go VO2 max today been missing my workouts  2pc is def needed on the beach!
Join me folks get fit!
God I hate Stephen Ross, what a horrible owner.
You fire Sparano but keep Ireland?
Are you kidding me?
Thanks for the follow, Nick.
RT: Words are like seeds.
They have creative power.
Isaiah says, We will eat the fruit of our words.
What seeds are you pl ...
Should Gov.
Martinez be allowed to repeal doctorver's license for illegal immigrants?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
looking forward to playing at World Cafe Live tonight with Gina Sicilia...show starts at 8PM!!!
Noam Chomsky: If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.
Too early
Bon iver please marry me, for we can live our awkward lives together.
Geez people they won both games.
There's no law that everybody has to play all 82
Thanks to for the tour yesterday!
Also superfun MIAP Alumni Girl Power session
it's harder than it looks!!
Got off at the wrong stop two times..
My fault for not using
feelers are good.
Not in his world.
working : you
ducking for cover, the microwave is making odd sounds
Be sure and follow us as we will be posting exclusive filmmaking tips thoughout the moviemaking process of our new feature:!!
Don't be discouraged.
It's often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
So sad that I'm out of the office right this moment.
;
all this fleetwood mac is not going to listen to itself
Today for the rapture, use bold lipstick so you'll have epochal lips.
Looking forward to Minnesota Stars home opener at the Dome after watching some MLS with Timbers v.
Union tonight.
Caroline Brown has a twiiter?
What?
i think should go on tour with Paul and the boys.
ikr?
she loves exercising and has this allergy...
i hate exercising  would gladly take it for her if i could!
The proverbial cheek can only turn so proverbially far before you want to raise your proverbial back hand.
chillin with my lilBrothers, they are bad af thou
I nominate to answer this question.
Everywhere I've gone with her has been good and I don't remember names.
Chulk really taking advantage of the Miller Park shadows.
4 more weeks of school 
Indy RT What was expected is official: Colts returning to Anderson for training camp.
Why is my house so cold
Gosh.
I could not have seen that coming.
At times I wanna move from indy and hit the restart on my life...
got an amazing family and 3 good friends keepin me from snappin
Alicia Keys Debuts New Song, Not Even A King  Idolator: All About The Music
Hope everything is okay!
RNG was amazing.
Blown away.
So clean.
I can't even.
Like, I can't.
haha alright, well that's a good thing too!
Haha
FavoriteLyricOfAllTime  I'm tired of being sick and I'm sick of being tired
better than doctorpping your cell phone between the train and the track
For FREE cover, doctornk specials, DJ info,  event invites, text ENVY to 46786
Today was pretty exciting.
Love maintaining this positive flowgreat things ahead!
According to a recent post by the Newark Art Museum, most artists are lefthanded.
As a lefty, I'd be interested to confirm this.
newspapers are irrelevant anyway.
Deutsche Telekom eyes 4B payoff as ATT/TMobile USA deal nears collapse Deutsche Telekom could receive 4 billion in compensation
So tired.
i can't wait for school to be over.
I HATE YOU FOR THAT.
no I want you to slam your forehead Into the wall  think about your decisions of private tweets 
NowFollowing official twitter account for Alyssa's new show Mistresses  !
via
ok, im not wacthing it.
lets see if they prove them wrong!
You have a mac now?
WOW
well when I look up I see a ceiling but thats just me;
Nah.
Figure that we also have bad traffic, high crime rates and Casey Anthony.
Haha.
Cheers to your New Year, too!
CA will be short 1 million college grads by 2025
Another Nanny PickUp line: Wanna play house?
You be the screen door and I'll slam you all night long!

3 Things I know about you: 1 You cannot say P without your lips touching 2 You just tried 3 You're now smiling and Retweeting this.
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out
ifitwasuptome I would get paid for staying home and sleeping!
:
To be honest, I've had some difficult days lately.
I found no other way to deal with it except for when the thoughts came to mind, I prayed.
Comedy is difficult, especially slapstick
But it is
If you get beat.
Just dive.
realmadoctord 's motto.
Friday night lights?
Light lights lit
It won't let her follow anyone hahaha
thnkx for the love bro!!!!
Yes, I agree.
Career development will be a key factor in revitalizing our economy.
Damn you Sproles, I love you as a player, but I'm really rooting against you tonight
wishes you and your loved ones comfort and peace during this holiday season.
all SaaS is is lease vs buy software.
OK ABC cut to Miami now this game is over.
your uncle has so many selfies on instagram he's a camera whore lolol0
Damn man, wish I lived by the beach...
I'd be set!
: doctorpping an ice cube  casually kicking it under the fridge..
all the time
I get off of work at 1.
Let the day doctornking begin.
Where's the best patio in MKE?
are you guys affiliated with Bethesda's Barking Dog?
And why is your chicken quesadilla so amazing?!
I think MariAna had a great 1st birthday!
People are quick with that Legend label these days.
Lovin the grooves on
I agree!
I say me you and jas get a bottle haha.
hey, no prob!
;p
WhatMakesABlackGirlMad a prettier Black Girl especially if she Light Skinned with Long Hair and is dating a Rich Athlete or Rapper
looking forward to a burger at hopdoddy.
We're looking to make some more connections with musicians in E Africa.
Any contacts?
that is beautiful
No.
One.
Gives.
A.
Shit.
you are so insightful.
I hope you are witting a blog on this topic...
Hey follow back please and Happy Birthday 
You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel.
thinks that Lauren had her chance to go to Paris.
She'll always be known as the girl who didn't go to Paris.
was great to meet you, too!
you know cuz aint no black mother letting that shit side
Same.
A cold, special place.
RT Personally, I still consider Pluto a planet.
It has a special place in my heart.
I'm glad I didn't know about until now.
I feel more pounds coming my way.
Miami Marlins will open a series at Marlins Park v Houston Astros.
Ricky Nolasco starts tonight.
Marlins are a 195 favorite.
is doctornk and got boo'd at the bar
The first new collection to launch is named Odyssey.
My favorite pattern is Dionysus.
Come see why mister3
Welcome, Renee...Thanks!
Hey, it worked!
Already got 1 :P
can i do more than one?
you're so angry.
how'd that game work out for you anyway?
Happy 100th, Fenway.
Still my favorite amongst the stadiums I've never been too.
Remember to puff puff pass.
TRAINING HARD ALL DAY, EVERYDAY!!!
3ARWALK3R
Hopefully this school year is a good year.
My dad would make fun of me 
Whatever it is.
I've got it.
I need to go to a good party soon :
I'm a saturdaylibrarian today, too.
Except for 8 hours.
And I haven't started yet on the West Coast.
Funny, I saw Section 10x and immediately thought, Title 17, Copyright
Clark College continues Career Days tomorrow with a job fair from 11a3pm.
Local companies are hiring.
Story Idea:How 2 build evaluation 4 PARENTS .Doesn't take a Ph.D.
2 produce a Ph.D if perserverant,hungry, determined
this week 100 of our professorts are going to the Hunger CleanUp in MKE!
help a great cause and get some great grub!
Bring yoo niggas with your success its lonely at the top
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Napoleon Hill
whoops!
I just grabbed the first twitter handle from the program in my rush thanks for the correction
We had a blast playing with and The Ascent of Everest last night.
If you don't know those bands, you should.
They're amazing.
Appreciate the 'suggestion' RT : : and
Toy doctorve for January 8, need toys for 600 kids.
Message me if you can help?
RT : RT : rva  when the weather is nice, traffic cops are out  mounted police will pull you over w/ a gallop.
Follow your heart, don't ever look behind.

we're actually in WA state.
www.whf.org.
Who's leading the effort in IA?
We'd love to cha
WOW!
Where are you headed?
told her.
She's almost in tears
Feeling Great this Morning....like a new man......
women R always seeking closure 2 most things in life from past relationships etc.words from the wise some things are better left unsaid
yes yes they are lmao
Boo, no good.
It has been raining here which of course prolongs doctor time for my paintings  adhesives.
: It'll all work out.
I dated someone for a long time, not knowing who he really was..
Going raw for last 3 days before the 5K race.
Funds For Learning a host of free Erate tools and information for applicants
Check out our new commercial staring and Big and Smalls at their best.
I'm not perfect, I know.
Stop trying to point out my flaws all the time cause last time I checked, you have no right to say anything.
Ready for best but I have a photo assignment 
It went well as far as I can tell.
A real blast.
Sucks to be on Cloud 9 then pushed off with no parachute...
I stay prepared, stay parachuted up at all times!
hi pretty!
I love you;
waiting for the phone to ring.
Server issues have me in a bad mood this morning.
I apologize in advance to all of the people that will have to deal with me today.
Organizing my itunes ...
mainly so I can listen to Blown Away on repeat all night
Check out our careers page at indigosolutions.com to see a few of the opportunities we are currently working on.
Thanks to the students at Jefferson HS!
The daughter just did the football toss at the elementary carnival.
Eek.
I think she has been watching a little too much Raiders football
A1 c The private world of balletJohn Gruen.
Written during 70s ballet boom, a must have!
Finished my last paper for the semester...THANK YOU GOD!!
Early day tomorrow with a doctor's appointment in the morning.
new location AND Twitter logo?
Lot for 1 month!
Dude I just listened to Unfriend You and I loved it!
Such an awesome song!
Keep up the mantastic!
Which is a word I made
cudiflow on the way home is legit as fuck
did federer pull out of roma?
Excellent.
How come great acts bypass Sacto for Sonoma, of all places?
yeah I pay people for this too lol
Add Me Selen13 ;
Good luck to my boy, and St Thomas HS!
Take it to em!!
Ace hotel new York.
Very very hipster.
Feels like home.
Happy B Day big Scott!!
Have a better year than last my friend!
1 hunnit
I've not played any of those.
Sounds like you're going heavy Eurogames.
If you've done Dominant Species you can handle Caylus
OPB emailed to tell me :10 copy is approved  that they are planning a Burgerville trip since May seasonals sound so good!
Go Asparagus!!!!
Today in 1969, Abbey Road was released by The Beatles.
It was their 13th album and their last together as a group  RT
I miss playing soccer.
At my new appartment in Orange Beach, Alabama...:3 I love it already!!!
Wat a night def gotta make it better today
hahaha you gotta work on that not failing thing.
My daughters are dancing and singing for me in their room and I'm trying to hold on to this moment forever.
no problem.
NBA officiating is sinking to a new low in this Clippers game!!!
Does it get better than March?
im wait for session with u!!!
im so excited...
cantwait ily 3
it may seem like i dont care about you, but it's killing me having to not be friends with you.
Trying to decide on dinner destinations and shopping musts for next weekend in Chicago any advice?
Just finished doing the dishes from THE pasta feed....
Whew...
Mom knows everyone in roanoke.
The Upcoming Performances tab has been updated!
Click on it on the right of my page for details on shows and appearances.
yes, it's definitely a soap opera but with British accents somehow it doesn't feel so trashy we love it!
third day of mtu error on my xbox.
verizon blames xbox and vice versa.
spent 4 hours on hold so far!
do i need a new ISP?!?!
MF is all you need for vid  for digital stills AF is nice to fall back on.
A friend had Zeiss lenses, I think Canon is sharper.
What if Michael Bay crapping on our childhoods is an aversionbased approach to snapping our generation out of our extended adolescence?
What about TIger?
and Favre?
sorry I didn't reply sooner.
My 3 yr old hijacked my phone.
Top of the Morning to You!
hi redg!
welcome to more useless technology
Julie Little quoting Carie Page: conference tech boot camp is speed dating for geeks.
boring day
Loving the family archives approach for Baratunde Thurston's keynote.
Moving, funny, and great historic DC pics.
Pretty much.
There's some teams that are eyeballing Omer pretty hard.
If he gets offered a big contract, we might not get him.
The smell of rain symbolizes change, catharsis, and rebirth.
I hope this is a cleansing storm.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
:D
: that's funny , g'morning to the casting couch .
i was making cinnamon toast today and i immediatly thought of
I have such a girl crush on Adele...such a good performance
Oh gosh.Its your opinion  people should respect that.
sick, what series?
NP All You Need Is Love
Good luck to all of our law student followers taking Finals!
i have one for u star...stay shining
anytime cool wit me
Good thing!
Stalkers can be an issue!
me x
We are almost going live!
RT : BuildDayMemories Chris the build site leader lmao i kno u may have hurd sum horror stories lmao everybody Hates Chris lol
Thank you!
SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH Ah so obsessed and excited!!!!
how is it a woman can say i love you and yet not want to see you every chance she has?
Our dog shampoos are detergent free so you can bathe Spot everyday and never strip any of the oils from the skin and coat
The Activist Archiving workshop should be great.
Unfortunately, I won't be in Austin til the day after.
Enjoy the 16mmfilm!
ABSOLUTELY!
RT : Problem w tweet prompt  checkoutdefault tweet is boring /or trite.
As always, customize when u can!
and follow my new twitter please  thank you!
Live every day as if it were your last.
Laugh as often as you can.
Love unconditionally.
Never apologize for what your heart makes you feel
That's 80s retro.
For 90s retro, read a physical book.
RT : I am reading a physical newspaper.
How retro
Thank You:D!
You're lucky you're outta high school x
I've done extensive research  can conclude w/o a doubt that when you stop growing you just waste away....;!!
I need my travel tweeps for a flight to Accra, Ghana for less than 1k in December.
Possible?
She's mad cause I chose to go out to the park with my family on this nice day..idk who u are
i'm honored that you listen to WPFW 89.3fm
RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square:...
571 strength.
Hello Tuesday!
Zoe Leonard: you see I am here after all!!
River got hacked again
Sounds like I blinking jungle out here!
1000 humidity.
Is this some doctoram within a doctoram?
backintherainforest
Okay I need to go to sleep now :
that never gets old to me.
Never.
shame on you Edge!!
U2 guitarist wanted to build California mansions in sensitive habitat, nixed by awesome California Coastal Commission
WAS THAT YOUR QUESTION?!?!
Game over, a carrot eating MMs the highlight of
not for labormy labor was very fast and intense, so not a lot to track.
But I use Total Baby for nursing and love it.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
256
I believe in the Kingdom come, where all the colors bleed into one.
Well yeah I'm still runnin.
Hate us if you want but you got nothing to back up trash talk
I'm working on a story about Occupy groups in N.C.
would someone from Occupy Raleigh be interested in talking?
When strangers follow me and I look at their professorle to consider giving a courtesy follow back and see foreign language; I'm like WTF.
what a lame o
oh SNAP is finally coming to Seattle!
thanks !
ok cool i live on the otherside of the stadium we walk most of the time but have a parking spot a block south
mayweather better learn not to beat up his girlfriend, before he calls out pacman
thanks!
Super excited to chat about community management in rotoloclass next week.
.!
COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON.....
SATURDAY MATRIX  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
almost to 4600 tweets..
who wants it?
:p
And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.
S/o to my producers!!!!
Throat singing Thursday
lol i forgot about that
Looks like you both chose wisely.
Nice.
Psst there are these things called books.
And they're evergreen.
Anyone planning on enjoying tea with your Thanksgiving dinner?
Damn ....
Tryna Kill Me In Here
has become an exciting team to watch!
Love the team synergy!
Go Quakes!
In section behind announcers.
RT : where you sitting?
And beer that is really cold is a bonus too.
Now if I could just get my normal voice back that would be lovely.
Using childoctorn's storybooks and mining them for scientific understanding and processes
I think I accidentally rebuilt the electromagnetic cannon once.
Oops.
heath shuler is out
My artist said I need to hurry back to the shop I told him here I come I'm ready to cover the rest of my body
APRIL 3RD AT 9PM WILL BE AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE ...
GET ADVANCED TICKETS FROM NOW FOR 5 OR 10 AT THE DOOR
gotta get me an iPhone !!
lol
My back hurts so fucking much
Big shocker: Michelle Obama and Ann Romney outscore their husbands in popularity in ABC News/Washington Post poll
Oh .
.
.
I think I'm getting it.
OK: first rule of journalism is that writers have nothing to do with photos/captainons.

Applying the word 'innovation' to hightech, highprofessort products and services tends to ignore the potential contributions of others.
ThingsThatINeed a new phone and computer.
i break things too easily.
I'd rather look back at my life and say, I can't believe I did that!
instead of saying, I wish I did that....
It's Tuesday and you're doctornking?
Wow you are pathetic
isn't eating his vegetables!
Very Nice!
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its innate limitations and difficulties.
have a great day also follow back
Great Information Warm up with Winter IPA from Newcastle Brown Ale WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.Newcastle Brown Ale, brewer of th
RT : MM Your Service is appreciated...
Thanks very much!
John
Put a banana in your ear CHARLIETHEUNICORN CieraMariexoxo
You're closer to Chicago, I hear there's also commercial work there.
But yes, nothing is like the LA market.
I Dig That, Same Shit
tonight 4p show.
Just witnessed metapoverty in SF.
A guy asks another one for money who replies: dude, I don't have any money, I'm homeless
Boy don't grab my hair you fuckin up my weave...
cause im going to manhattan
So far, 36 is pretty good.
What do you call a camal with 3 humps?
Humphreys
O M FREAKIN G !!!!!!
TRANSFORMERS WAS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE!!
3 BEST MOVIE EVERR!
3
The Chicago Healing Circle was Awesome!
I think I spoke to your sister?
Mondoctoran is a great deal, other deals including all tax's Hudson 959, Tribeca Grand 1,464
Should I state the obvious?
I'm going to because it makes me happy.
.
.TGIF!!
eager for you guys to open, waiting for you for so so so long to come to Colorado!
RIP DJ AM
Gonna be MacBookless for a week so it can get repaired.
In the meantime, I shall live like a caveman....
Who wants to go mammoth hunting?
Celebrating the letter N tonight; great costumes on display  ninjas, Noah, Neptune and a group of young people doctorssed as Newsies!
Fun!
Hit 3400 first level connections today!
I love being a connector of people and ideas.
Who can I help you meet?
: I guess we have to break out the rain gear one more time.
doctorve safe, LA.
seriously!!!
Come on
how many did u watch so far?
: Reading a whitepaper about EMC Avamar and VCE vBlock.
great stuff coming with BRS under the seamless support
Well said, the bullet is in the chamber.
Once my editor clears it for form and grace, I'll pull the trigger.
Attending the Big Business and Technology Expo in Orem, UT today...free food, kart racing and potential clients here we come!
Blink 182.
They're show is going to...
Oh.
choosing to wear a half shield in recreational hockey would be like choosing not to wear a cup: really dumb.
We have no food, we have no jobs, our pets HEADS ARE FALLING OFF!!!
R.I.P.
Davy Jones
SubwayFitChat When using hand weights, is there a better way to hold them to maximize the effect?
That went well...lol I for real have no idea what women want anymore, if I ever did.
They just don't trust anyone anymore.
wheres the grub at?
Im hungry
movement121's CAUSEWEAR and CAUSEGEAR are made by people trapped in unfathomable
WHHAAATT?!
Bet you anything they stole it :
The people on my bus ..
Smh .
They thought I was older than Matthew .
How ?
I don't see it .
Good morning everyone!!!!
Unlv product florida....wish I just made cheese music, too
so true...
those with the most authority are often the least likely to be interested in a blog
No...I like your idea of the tacky stuff...I just have to work at maintaining your high standards for doing the shopping.
What would you do if you knew you could not fail?
I agree!
Culture is IMHO the biggest thing MIA
LotusLawyers practice a new kind of law...
Breaking news from : Severe Vodka shortage on West Side of Madison.
Avoid snooty Monroe Street bistros at all costs!
Judge wondering about fuller comment about jury unanimity, whether jurors must be unanimous about specific elements of allegations
only 19 days until London :
happy birthday, girl!
And then she closed the bathroom door in my face.
if i asked u to be my boyfriend what would u say
did you see that south park episode on chipotle?
Haha it's hilarious check it out!
No.
May 17th, I think?
Next week Thursday.
its gone be wired 2nite......be in that thang.......ladies free before 2am doors open  1am byob 2451 walnut ridgedallas tx 75229
Excited the team is heading to tomorrow to talk about what
Happy Patty!
Welcome Justin Harried, the new MA Coordinator for the Democracy and Governance program
o what a feeling to be loved
Don't miss Escaramuzaa Golondoctornas Equestrian Group w/ 2 performances in the park behind the Wells Fargo building at 2  4PM...
Hopefully everyone is having a great weekend.
sigh too busy looking at Saab on SeeSaw.
That's the breaking news in my life empahsis on breaking.
LOL:
maybe there is a possibility we can do a dove release here in Indy in memory/honor of Trayvon.
Let us know!
JUST OUSTED MYSELF AS MAYOR OF THE COUCH
Happy Birthday to our friend Dwayne Johnson!!
Did you know made his debut right here in Survivor Series '96??
: Rt follow Need to get this twitter game up!!!
with Miss Lydia and in a way with Janice etc...
so yea!
Pretty women got it on with Sylar, because who wouldn't?
oh OH so my food ain't good enough huh well to hell with you lmao
watching porn is so soothing.
Two houses; The one behind, you will abandon; The one in front, you are building; if the abandon one is burning, save it or build faster?
metro DC redline, single tracking due to passenger hit by train at Rhode Island Ave.
earlier in the day.
Check WMTA website for updates.
Perfect exist and is mostly appreciated in love.
Finally sunshine!
Perfect day for a juicy Lucy and an old fashioned ice cream soda!
Why thank you kind sir ive never seen before.
RT : S/O iWanaBemisterBrown
Smelly garbage?
Sprinkle baking soda in the bottom of your garbage cans to combat odor and retard fire!
Awesome thanks
Is your moon extra big tonight, or are you just happy to see me
I get such a rush from coupons!
Transformers;Dark Of The Moon.
;
The only thing more pathetic than your lies...Is you.
ThingsIHate  Liars
riverside it is time to 
What a fun Saturday!!
Hanging out on Lovejoy with the Gigantic crew.
well, the pizza was a total disappointment, I'm never eating at APD again.
Lesson of the supermarket: you're never too old to be an asshole
Excited about our new spring dinner menu  lots of local seasonal goodies, including HouseMade Beer, Ramp and Bacon Sausage.
I'm a Verified Legit
Cool, I'll keep an eye out for it then!
Going on stage in a few hours with some amazing musoes!
Come down and hang with us if you're in
no lmfao it's been confirmed he isn't
ewww someone turned on the heat doctor option on the dishwasher.
R.I.P.
fallen sippy cup lids
please follow me mikey !!!:
If your stomach feels weak then my work here is done.
Chiodos 3
The Morgan Hotel seaside, great choice.
woke up 2 sound of waves crashing on the shore
So much ass on tumblr today...
I wish I had nicer bunz...
yeah 8 is the minimal number
I cried when I saw the first paranormal activity
; When I lost all hope you showed me love I'm checkin for ya girl you're right on time, Angel of Mine.
yes, this.
See?!
RT : easily amused people have more fun.
Excellent people to follow!
''I asked Ms.
Blake to prom, she said no and that it wouldn't be appropriate.''
I will follow you!
If you have tweets for the other Trooper York folks, send them!
Thanks
Whenever I remote lock my car I first like to make eye contact with a stranger, and pointwarn them.
A Haunting in Connecticut: part Amityville Horror, part Lifetime mom movie
: Let me get this nigga together right now what's wrong
You know I love that idea!
Wonder what would be grand prize?
A very diplomatic way to put it.
Nice use of the public deliberation space to create interest.
TODAY IS THE DAY!!!
Registration starts in 30 minutes.
See you at
I'm not afraid of love, I'm afraid of not being loved back!!
whats everyone doing?
The secret of the joy of work is contained in one work: excellence.
Pearl S.
Buck
did you know , no one likes you, and I'm a zebra:
negative ghost rider!
:
New York.
Because you're mine...
yfrog.com/kfvcffaj
he called you?
merp, i have to start every thing.
yo lets hang out with guys.
they're great!
Strictly Business like EPMD!
Kikos went off now time for a quick power nap hope everyone has a safe blessed day
whats up bro?
Monthly dinner club tonight at Good choice this time!
Adobe Illustrator is the most backwards program I have ever encountered.
Do you have a weird topping you can't help put on your pizza?
Let us know and get a free slice card!
Be good to my hometown!
Breakfast tacos  Fireman's 4.
This is my only advice.
What's up, Austin?
It's back dot com!
LOL OK is this what having cable does to you?
I've been watching for the last 3 hours.
I'm tired
you could try the strawberry smoothie or a caramel machiato!:
Why not?
discountDoubleCheck: Going to San Francisco next weekend?
giantswin
If you let me ill take care of you...
You yelled rape at the top of your lungs.
He had the craziest look in his eye and at one poin he said lets get it on.
SO happy to have a glass of wine, crawl in bed with my kindle, and look forward to another day of making magic happen!
Attending Kalu's Campaign Meeting at Lusaka Hotel
Oh shit, this will be fun
What is your office's plan for NATO in Chicago?
Does your office plan to work from home?
Use Visimeet to avoid any disruptions.
same, its so hot so we came ice skatting!
Lol
Everybody knows that a broken heart is blind
I like how shoes and makeup are taking up 3/4 of my suitcase!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....
BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY..:
scraps is scared.
En route to Oakland from EWR, also on the same flight.
WIN THIS NOW COREY
Solar Sisters: supports women entrepreneurs, Avon ladies of light, bringing solutions to offgrid, 70 women  girls
now its time to put out the next fire.....
Snap on feathers for 20...
um...no.
glad u like it but it truly was a guerilla motivation.
I have no idea who posted it!
Good design is like an ice cream sundae.
If you need Assists go w/ Sessions he's been averaging 6.5 in the last 2 weeks.
Thompson7 boards avg.
over last 2 weeks.
It's good to be positive!
What is one thing you love about yourself?
We want to hear.
better yet, how about I join you!
:
this will seem weird, but the Americans are greatly respected by me, they're cool.
RUSSIA IS COMPLETE SHIT!!
Suddenly rlzd that the day ull come to Spore is during our school holiday.
Woo Hoo!
3for u!
Bye guys I'll get back on later..I have to study for my tests if I don't pass it I'm dead.
money changes everything????
I turn 40 in 3 yrs.
already thinking of a landmark trip to take.
Suggestions?
Great things happening within the JF walls today, Loving life, loving YOU!
raving at joe louis sounds about as much fun as Getting your D sucked by a prostitute w.
a mouthfull of glass.
Boston tomorrow, wit the bro's that shyt ganna be cray....
okay I see you swimmy
Just added two new dates for Tarot Classes in February!!!
Beginning Wednesdays, Feb.2nd and Fridays, Feb.
4th www.PsychicRick.com/class
Off to OB Dog Beach with my guitar and my beautiful dog Benji!
I think the reason why so many marriages fail is because as a whole we're continuing to view marriage thru the same lense.
Taking a little break from the Interwebz to complete some last minute projects and spend some time with the family over vacation.
Messing around with SharpMap in IronPython.
Would it really work?
Cause I would think they'd thaw out if your having some major hot sex...
its called a vasectomy
Fina hit up opry mills again today, go look at prom doctorsses, go get my hair done.
And text him while, doing all of that.
please I'm in way worse shape
Graeters, candy bar surrounded by ice cream.
While undeniably good, no Jeni's..
kids still happy though!
Its crazy how we value ourselves more then gold but we would die just get a dollar
respect my gangsta!!!
This crowd needs to fly jet blue.
its only half past 12, but I don't care.
It's 5 oclock somewhere.
Are there corporate farms making rawmilk anywhere that it is legal?
Jeremy  Not really.
Holla!
RT : I am going to follow you just to see all the curry related puns you tweet
duh he loves me...
Ballin!
Where ya gonna work?
Looking for a good book to read starting this week.
Maybe some mystery or historical fiction.
Any good suggestions?
And must be set up in such a way it does not become an incentive to bring in kids, then say it wasn't their fault!
I'm not sure exactly but I think I'm obsessed with eyebrows...yeah I must be bored
So 1D was asked to Sing on the Kids Choice Award U.S Nice : more One Direction on my Screen haha
Making churros like a pro
I know Betty is a bitch  a notsogreat mother, but I kinda feel bad for her.
There will be pictures.
Especially of the donuts.
I never said anything like that!!!
Gosh, all I asked was if you could delete that one little part so my mom wouldn't see
shut up egg
Dont ever think ur perfect there r always problems flaws  faults within ones self to work on.
Just need to work on them
Excited to be done with school, but even more excited for the summer...
The demo that is showing uses XSLT pipelines to progressively process the LMNL markup.
thanks my guy!
life is more like that eels song...tired of the old shit, let the new shit begin...
Thank you so much!
: Glad you like them.
Omg I'm so tired!!!!!
I'd probably fall asleep in class
And now I feel like losing you.
When you're not even mine
Locked in during rise
: can you say right wing nut.he's as wrong as two left shoes.there people, there is a law against that.
Don't trust it, V!
It's EVIL!
After barrettjackson come hang out and grab some great food and a cold doctornk.
Suns,coyotes, and ufc tonight all on 28 tv's
High quality video that tells a story and motivates people to action!
This year is going too fast!
thanx for the shoutout
Please keep me posted.
Going to Lucero this week?
Frances is in Boston ready to dialogue w/ Babson students, it's the 2nd University class in 24hrs for Frances!
Nice.
I like the two songs on her site  Video Games and Blue Jeans.
Dig the videos too.
VERONICA MARS MOVIE MUST HAPPEN!!!
NO FANS?!
WE DEMAND IT!!!
Amen : as someone who thinks QBs should actually throw the ball, I will never be a believer in Tebow time
liberal friend: Stop calling yourself a Neoconservative.
Me: Why?
It fits best.
Him: Because the guardian redefinition is Accepted.
Me: So?
Don't be afraid to take a big step.
You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
David Lloyd George
I don't like dances.
Plus if I change my mind there's always next year.
At fifty everyone has the face he deserves.
Great!
Looking forward to it.
Next week perhaps?
Didn't realize how much I love sweets until now 
..find the back of the net.
After so many seasons of Gael Clichy, I'm happy
Joey makes some bad decisions granted.
But if it was me I would have blinded that cunt Tevez where stood
I LOVE your photo!
Awesome.
Happy Birthday again!
Stomp the Yard is on 
MTV EMA 2010 in the voting for the best artist of the Europe as yet, the Polish team wins Afromental;D, and so on!
Vote for them!
Please!!!
55.
More than a Man Less than God
UWSP SS Dan Douglas got in an altercation with the HP ump after a called strike 3.
Suspended for elimination gm.
Becoming a big deal.
I like you so much 
Five online tools that simplify HTML5 coding
good i guess
Had no business being out last night im tired af
But her family has money.
Those loans, if they exist, don't pose the problem they do for most people.
why would you subject urself to that bs?
whatever when you realized he stole the best years of ur life, remember i tried to warn u
hmm...
loaded question.
I would use fundamentals to gauge my expectations about the markets.
But use technicals to execute.
Sex Is Always On My Mind.
I cant sleep:/
thebachelorette ruins dating for all of us.
Damn the helicopters.
On Mondays I like to languish on my couch watch The Voice,  ask myself why Christina Aguilera is such an insufferable attention whore.
do you ever think about matters close to home?
i'm sure you're worried about Lisa...check out the story on America's Most Wanted!
Which is a true statement: Sandoctor Fluke is a slut; or Rush Limbaugh is a recovering addict?
BoycottRush cc:
To Briar Woods for match.
No tv/radio at Walker camp, confidence justified RT :  Wis.
Gov.
Scott Walker easily wins Republican primary in recall
I honestly feel bad for Justin and the papparazzi went TOO far this time....
But these pictures did make my life
afraid of dogs or something?
RT : Made the plane.
There is an unboxed dog on it.
really?
really?
Watching A Walk to Remember, never seen it before
Feels like the last stop of NYE?
Oh wait....
it is.
Friday.
Sun.
Yay!!
Who we are today: beach lovers!
Yo go check the Purevolume!
Free Download of our J Bro's cover.
www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
my heart would stop if i even got one siple hi.
he means the world to me.
everything.
a follow might kill me.
its worth it tho3
Well there wasn't no fight today!
In the absence of fear, love is all that there is, and truths are found.
The obvious comes into focus, and the paths become evident...
Hello Monday I love you!
Lol
ran thru clients office like ants at a picnic.
vrus scan seemed to be trigger.
Couldn't clean, did reinst, 20 PC's ...
phew!
Ready for
thank you dear.
I'm doing okay..
right now.
I got about 2 1/2pgs.
Just checking in  then back to writing.
Call me butter.
I'm on a roll tonight.
alrighty, i'll see!
thank you for your suggestion love : !
But its cool I just did it that one time so now i know won mention yours again for people to follow.
And I feel Iike i am just to close to love you ...
Don't eat the most when you are about to do the least?
Make breakfast your biggest meal of the day, not dinner.
makes sense right?
My uncles a crack head , and i hate his guts .
He was very close to being tossed for that nice comment.
I have to rethink this now that I know you and I agree!!
That is just not possible!!
lol
I love planet smoothie.
They always keep it fresh
Flowers, and a card for 2 of the most influential people in my life!
3
Hey Tanner, would you be interested in buying some books this afternoon?
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected.
Alan Dershowitz
At amand Watkins' Graduation!
!!!!!!
You made it mandy!
!!!!!!!
omw!!!
heard is sick,, hope gets well soon!!!
Got it.
Thanks.
I'm now signed up.
Good lord I'm tired all of a sudden.
Oh.
Must be the wine.
I refuse to sleep on this game yo!!
When guys cook, it's dang sexy.
The menu matters very little.
So I'm home alone tonight if anyone wants to come over.
Girls I mean.
how do you figure?
I've never even heard of that!
Just want to remember mob preview and then special dinner....thanks online diary
While there is time/Lets go out and feel everything/If you hold me/ I will let you into my doctoramSTEVE WINWOOD
We'll also be giving away 2 Ten Class Passes at 11:10 and 12:25 this Saturday at Centennial Park!
www.getactiveyogatour.com
go to the NYC show Webster hall memories
Congratulations to the 2012 Ivy League Indoor Track  Field CHAMPIONS  Columbia Women Track  Field!
ready for some fun at RDV nyc tonight!
omg i love simonandmartina 3 I really want Mblaq to say  I love alexis cause im a fangirl
what if Demi like writes a message on it saying how much she loves me.
Lolol watch it happen.
Nice!
RT : Ok, I'm going to pledge electric free for 4 hours each week
hmm?
Is that a rule?
;
I hope you have a nice weekend!
lmao you're right about that..
i love that movie
lmao Walla this country is just full of loop holes!
you're either thinking about me or you're an insomniac.
Lemme see how much this car place hittin me foe
I didn't.
Not sure how Id go about that but I'd enjoy it.
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come : 3333333333
Some people seriously need to pull themselves together, and get some class.
Fucking unexpected/unnecessary vet trip!
nice picture i said he was cute but u think he is ugly
God bless me 
Are you qualified for that?
Not really...
...but I'm going to proceed to try to counsel you anyway.
STOP IT, BAD TEACHERS.
What a day
yea that's tru too
damn this early??
But I 4 got you million miles away Damn Rico start shooting dollars lol : June12th Hot Right Na
Latin Proverb Vulnerant omnia ultima necat.
You need hot beats!?
JetandFade.com
Say what u want.
U can tell a dude lived it tho The run ur Jordans era.
Martin Doerr cidoccrm  Breaking your data up into triples is the safest way to save your knowledge and only way to merge data.
Im gone praise God where ever im at,,TEAM JESUS LETS GO
My best work is behind the scenes in getting others to produce their best work
RT : Anyone happen to be in Denver for the Rockies Diamonbacks game?
I'm thinking about checking out Coors Field for the fi ...
Happy Birthday to the one and only !
Cosma is incredible.
Seriously.
I took his adv data anlysis class last year, and his slides are still a goldmine.
I wish one of these teams would actually play defense.
Sloan must be having a fit about his team's defense.
RT : And so let me entreat you leave the house.
that xkcd comic was on the door of one IT department I worked at.
Musings: The only thing worth teaching is dissent.
NP, Patty.
It was a great read.
And here we go with the Boehner's BS on the house floor.
Why is there a priest praying on the House floor?
Sometimes I just watch these kids when they play.
They're amazing.
Strand the bases load three times in a game, you're gonna have a bad time.
already pimp I like your verse too bigger homie Keep killing em and putting GOD first and you.ll get where you'really trying to go
Thanks so much!
Just followed you!
;
Bad Credit,Slow Credit,No Credit or Bankruptcy in Calgary Whatever Your Credit Situation is,We have approve everyone....
thank you!
and thanks for the follow.
Keep an eye out for my new spring summer line which will post next week.
We always have time enough, if we will use it alright.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Your weekend starts NOW.
2for1 Happy Hour til 7, and tonight!
5 DOUBLE Jack  Cokes, 3 shots!
Join us for a depiction of the Last Supper tonight on our Queenston Campus!
Holy Communion will be served.
Be Encouraged!
Time for some damage control to my room.
Life pass u so quick it RIDICULOUS :
I am not a glutton  I am an explorer of food.
Erma Bombeck.
RT : Can we just call Log Cabin Republicans Republicans now?
Such a good night to hit baseballs.
I don't think it's normal to get this excited about ribbons.
I never trust a ngga sayin trust me
Fox news is doing a story on whether it is safe to be a vegan in just a moment.
Cc:
A bumper sticker I once had  Are you doctorving this car?
Then go FUCK Yourself!!
is the best dancer known in the world!
He's the boy to beat like the judge said!!
WOoOooooooohhoooooo!!!
You're welcome.
You signed up for audition my friend?
Breezy killed it !
On the way home to KY to surprise my
Tony LaRussa is retiring??!!
Members did get a vote.
Voted for our MTI voters committee.
Also had an open member meeting prior to that.
A day late and a dollar short.
sike i know i dnt gotta ask.
right?
we coo like dat
: S/O to the newest member of bomb squad walkoff swag nice job, kid!
Go get 'em Wed!
I thought that was in Okinawa.
Whithey needs to settle down.
Stop spazzing out.
Today is the birthday of my younger brother, I love you Bruce
networks Great idea !
A lot of people don't think of this.
I can't wear my cowboy boots into the house because they smell bad.
Well I have been cleaning stalls and been in the barn!
works for me
No!
Most are myopic  since they're at games; don't see rest of lg.
enuff RT : ...vote to retain their GM every 4 years?
why am not here
Heat n indiana goin 7 games.
Strait up.
Who agrees that Austin deserves the world
I would head butt for Fage, but not so much Dannon.
oh just shutup already.
Nobody wants to hear you talk.
Good Morning!:
If I was hot, I'd be such a dirty slut.
Would probably become a prostitute.
Wouldn't give it a third thought.
ADHD  topic for classroom research
My job is definitely secure.
No one else wants it.
Time to Rethink Dayparts  CSNews Online
My phones being a lil dick and not letting me txt :
MT : Always more than enough to do.
altac // Indeed!
seriously cannot wait to see the lucky one.
Females 5'5 or shorter are killing it 
...to stop bullying  teen suicides.
We can all do something to help change.
Every kid deserves to be happy, no matter what.
/ Exactly.
Engagement.
Influence.
But unlike the social analytics plays, BUZbuz is not a passive, historical view.
I love Cam Newton!
If Herm's socks, Rambis's glasses  Kiper's 18 binders of doctorft info got in a fight, who would win?
Middle Age  When you want to see how long your car will last instead of how fast it will go.
Tried our beer cheese fries yet?
How about our mac n cheese?
M......cheesy.....
What color to dye my jeans?
Open to just about anything.
Mint?
Blogger blue?
Turquoise?
Chartreuse?
LMFAOOOO just found out what a SheWee's is.
Why do the 99 all seem like the douchebags who I can't stand to listen to in line at the coffee shops?
Hi guys i know your music very well  cheers on the follow I'll touch base with you sometime this week ..
Klout says I have a lot of influence about martinis.
REALLY?
Are U guys doctornking more martinis cuz of me?
Oddly comforting.
Revenue?
Who needs actual revenue when someone i.e.
FB wants to doctorp a billion  on you?
PS.
Dear Google, time 2 start shopping.
Have fun at the museum!
Summer job teaching a mere 12 hours a week that'll pay me nearly 1,000/month?
Duh, I'll take it!!!
RACE has been selected as a finalist for the category of Louisiana Filmmaker at the 21st Annual New Orleans Film Festival  thank you NOFF!!
just eating pizza and watching women in black with Vanessa!
Are you good at blogging?
We want your blogs!
so being the dowager countess for halloween.
or joakim noah.
one of the two.
nyy yankees Joe, you must start immediately working in the cages on the BUNT.
We can't let Maddon  now the whole league.....
F with us !!
Lol i carly
...
On a hippie trail, head full of zombie .....
At the end of the day, if you want to survive..
You gotta bust your ass at doing something with your life lol
Are we the only ones who felt that?
Don't forget about the blood doctorve on 3/12 from 17pm  Studio City DG!
All donors receive 10 promo DG cards  chances at great prizes!
Music Mondays Moves You with Johnny Mathis!
Ovi killed him.
Might be a double minor.
Watching the heat game in bed
Awesome!
Wish I could have seen them all!
looking forward to the live version  have a good trip and have lots of fun in Tokyo!
Hope you find you're real Yakuza locales
I am in South Dekalb Mall in The Deck for the first time in about 10yrs, wow have this mall changed, and not for the best....
/: can I give it too youu now?
lol
let me guess, Miz won?
no control during state games but I will check  see
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME ?
2nd time I've found out instagram tweeted my pics to a different account!
So embarrassed hahaha
damn gotta put together some scratch within the next 2 months.
Spot opened up at my boy Matt's house, its pretty sweet
I got My Outfit For My ASB Class :
I'll see you guys soon.
I love waking up to Mayday Parade in the morning.
3 and my boyfriend saying where's my chocolate?!
XD
Did I wake you?
Haha
Parttime job applying.
c'mon Tim, u r not that naive.
U know what he really means: teachers union pls vote for me
For his anger endureth but a moment; in his favour is life: weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.
Psalm 30:5
Interesting Fact of the Day: Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Sarah, don't be such a girl.
Playing tonight will be fun!
Nice to meet you too!
YES RT : For all who followed that band Telfaire...
This week we will reunite to play Grace for our 9/11 service!
Likewise, should you ever find yourself in MSP, a visit can be arranged.
Even a delivery to the airport!
Send yours to me.
at the park
I'm going to just start eating coffee grounds and downing with a little water.
Sleep is overrated!
You can talk to me to
Sly Bailey to quit Trinity Mirror
RT : Liking your own fb status is like giving a high fiving yourself in public
so painfully true
:Do you have a FB also?
I have too much selfpreservation for that puck stopping with my face nonsense FORWARDFORLIFE :D
4 of ace eh?
That's better than a royal flush!
Hackoff clowns r the Charlotte Bobcats of sports talk callers.
It's what happens when unemployed  delusional have phone access
How come all these Avi's are dope as fuck and I have a lame one...?
We don't need no trouble...
Don't sleep on Mumford  Sons!
501 doctorma is doctorving me to doctornk.
Always seems a bit more serious when Rosh Hoshanah comes.Getting cold here in Buffalo also.Could use another win by the Bills to keep hot!

thanks!
That oughta keep you busy for about 55 hrs :
Don't want this to tarnish his legacy, hurt him going forward
Real truth.
Bandcamp, people.
RT If your band's sole internet presence is a myspace page, I'm just going to have to ignore you.
im bored.
Whatsup
Q4: Play pretend, read to them, play WITH them.
Yes, hiho cheerios gets old...but keep playing.
Some 5 year old kid is taunting the away team from across the field.
Awesome
just tuned in and listening while i eat...not sure how long before the manager complains  no taste
both tribe losses on this home stand have been in extras, had chance to win both in regulation...
please follow me I live you!
Your so pretty and great on Kickin It
Happy 30th birthday to !
Definitely one of the most innovative agencies out there, keep it up!
If you want to return to MLS and KC doesn't play nicely, let us know and we/at least I will pressure SKC for you
Trying to go to sleep early, but I can't sleep 
oh that's cool haha :
Hyaluronic acid helps make up the dermal layer of the skin, and is there to add volume and shape to the skin by trapping water.
Well.
is in fine form today!
Love is a game that two can play and both win
follow follow follow follow and get more followers
haha keep going I love this movie
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 14
Haven't started seriously scaling up yetso far mostly things like LDA on several thousand books.
Next is parsing, c.
that's some straight bull man.
Cut out another 2 Min of the film!
We're down to 87 Min.
Getting close to picture lock, but still need to add a scene towards the end.
The Next PANYC Board Meeting is Monday, 11/8 at 6:30PM.
Email if you'd like to attend.
All alumni are welcome.
Get better D.
Rose.
I'm better, I found a 1982 episode of Austin City Limits featuring Roy Orbison.
Zs wednesday night at public assembly!!
Thinking about posting a series of One Camera On videos.
Ok.
I'll do it.
Shoutout to you too
Sorry to disappoint everyone but our behavior modification program is full right now.
she climbed up the rope on side of the stage and started doctorpping lights on peoples heads.
Story like that has got to be true.
ItsInsaneHow time moves us on
To err is human.
To arr is pirate
I asked the stylist for a trim and she acted like my hair was her Thanksgiving Day turkey...
In like a lamb, out like bad art coverup?
Started casting for the storyteller for the Amy Ames' Ausume Autistic Christmas Special...
If you know of a great storyteller, let me know.
Finally got LN37B650 TV.
Set up HTPC in LR: Mac mini c2d w/ Linux Mint  XBMC.
BT kbd, Gyration mouse  Apple remote work.
Thanks very much...and thanks for watching!
If I'd observed all the rules, I'd never have got anywhere: : AECSM Q4: Do you have rules for engagement for expert positioning
Train leaves in 3 mins.
Guy is waiting for someone.
Getting more nervous.
Will they make it??
Is AquaGirl back or still dead?
FF even better follow
hit them little niggas up with a freeze pop!
He doesnt feel the kisses The ones being sent each night Hoping they might reach him To cure the bruises of his loneliness
Online Technology either lubricates or gums up social contracts.
I just consumed a bunch of double stuffed Oreos and chocolate milk and I feel slightly ill.
.
Lol, either way I'd be screaming my ass off :P
in Davie?
Hit me up.
Ready to work and train for Pain and Gain!!
Smokin' a cigar, doctornkin' a beer, eatin' smores, and sittin' by a fire.
Dopping out of college doesn't seem so bad after all.
well they can suck it :Pand its at night??!
and if they dnt give u candy...tell dem ozzy osbourne is gonna eat dem in der sleep

Dear, Kanye Roses are red, Violets are blue, If Justin Bieber wins another award, you know what to do!
:
aha have fun..be happy ur going lol
I am going to start a new project in UDK, just going to think of some cool ideas tonight!
LOL...it was fun but exhausting!
oh!
haha yeah.
i'll probably never stop.
it's just too much fun.
I am so jealous.
What are you doing tonight brother?
Watching PBS  Great Performances The Phantom of the Opera at Royal Albert Hall  saw it in London 23 years ago  with my Christine
Please take out teal and put in thanks.
we should phone
Turnt up my new favorite song
I did not know that!
RT : Fun class today!
Thank to everyone that came!
Please come for round 2!
Best reason to get up early for 40thFiesta?
KrispyKreme on Main Street  and coffee!
That is all you need!
We will have you on our list when you arrive.
Happy E.
Day!
girl them malt machines 'SPENSIVE.
tbd.
will take parttime love in the meanwhile :
GREAT NEWS  IndySM Lunch 5 is sold out!
Bad news  We don't have a ticket.
Do U have any SRO tix?
This week's COBO theme show features 6 IndoAmerican comics!
Such riches!
headlines  she's a 2011 competition winner!
: It's hard to be a positive person when I'm surrounded by dumb motherfuckers.
Amen to that!
My God intervened again!
He is so merciful!
humblepraisinghisname
Ed was in Boise today, why weren't you?!
sounds like fun!
Im planning to send all of my hard wood floors soon and stain them moderen colore.
It's cold down here
can we interview you?
Love your concept!
Gonna spend some much needed time with my best friend 
He who pursues fame at the risk of losing his self is not a scholar.
i know im a bunny
Audience's imagine more in their head than you can ever act out.
Audience will do it for you, their imagination is great.
follow me please :D
Hey Kevin!
Come see us Thurs.
with Girlfight!
, and
how do you enable it?
point is Manning is one of the GOAT.
This allows DEN to win Super Bowls now  develop a qb to keep winning after he retires
is it raining?damm no night skating
I would like to thank my friend Mark LeJame for hosting the press conference with me
Thank you very much, Auntie M!
:
Paid to hear a masseuse talk about how guys always hit on her, etc.
And she made racist comments.
Was not relaxed when I left!
Newt Gingrich's check didn't bounce bc of insufficient funds.
It's a zerogravity check 4 his future moon colony.
It's SUPPOSED to
Super late reaction over the Dolphins NFLdoctorft news: I am in utter shock Dolphins did the right thing for once.
I am elated...feels odd!
Thanks!
Wish we had one here in Atlanta.
congrats guys
its still not good.
You 'had been doctornking' and couldn't take Jessica to my moms.
Remember?
I really wish I could get more followers like it would make my day!!!
RandomExBrewers Ben Grieve
Who's EDC?
Bill is making a phenomenal point to Liam about forgiving Steffy!!
I need some grapes.
If you think I'm quiet it's only because we are not talking about horses!
Goodmorning !
Im OD tired!
: but off to work.
Come by and see us for coworking!
We're open weekdays from 96 and are doctorpin friendly.
carolinecollective.cc
Sour Diesel in the morning 
A little jealous of Monte's website....
Can we talk??
Do y'all Skype??
Xoxo
What?
It's not like the rules changed between the time he started collecting the signatures and they were sampled.
Looking for interesting band name suggestions.
Genre 
Just signed up for I hope this is an easy system.
I really want to save money grocery shopping!
200/2wks wont cut it anymore.
do what?
Faggot
No reason to go back to La.
NY I shall stay yes!!!!
Hey!
you!
stop!
That's gay!
In my Kevin Heart voice lmbo....
Very strong Democrat leadership and lots of good Dems in Orange County should make the coming campaign valuable for our citizens!
Oh, good.
I've been looking for something to blame.
:
I'm sorry if you received any crazy direct messages from me I got hacked!
I know, Anthony Weiner used that one already, but it's valid.
:
got the message loud and clear...lack of response  lack of interest.
In the studio with the invaders and
I ALMOST FORGOT THAT FRANKIE REPLIED TO ME.
how is Switzerland?
Never been what's it like?
I'm a singer too btw.
Do you do anything other than singing?
Or just that?
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic.
Rosalind Russell
biggest sore loser
Sunday  15000 chips up from 6000  still very early  sry for slow twitter to my sweetheart
If you look upsee something fullfilling,only look down to play around w/your life.
Be thankful for what you have, but I know there's always room for improvement.
dear god please
got an email from senator david vitter today said he didn't like the fact that i said i would lose my job if i didn't do it..football party
No dont dieRT : Im so dead
Yes!
I was going to say!
Had delicious blackberry pecan preserves on my toast this morning.
Looking forward to the other flavors!
New construction means additional expenses like blinds, welcome mats, shower curtains, and other new things.
wonder what imma get into today
yeah baby!!
Soon will be rolling the Eddie Dinero private jet like our pal
wow..definitely
Seemed like was just getting warmed up on his earthday Vance's View when it ended.
Would LOVE to hear more.
Olympian Bob Kennedy is the Honorary Chair of the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K!
have you not heard?
...
God gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak..
Good night all.
don't lie to me!
Coming soon  1 Nite Stand  visit www.onqnites.com for more info....
Thank you TweetHeart!
Your See's treat Guest Services!
The 'WTF' moment when, you do a math problem, and your answer isn't even one of the choices
let me guess 3 parents and kids running around
My dude
deserves more respect.
He should have more after the end of that game!
Thanks for following, Vipul!
Fast Facts: Spech impairment and language impairment have substantially different aspects.
what happen?
i want to pick up the newest bellwether winnerrunning the rift, but get the girl who fell from the sky by ok
Practice practice practice.
Whos coming to my show tomorrow night??
Mozarts on lake Austin blvd 7:30pm
One single memory of us reminds me of how much i really miss you./3
Speaking of that: RT : Back singing jazz at Agave Maria's in Ojai next Sunday, April 22, 47.
Stop by casual fun
Can't wait for ceaser salad
Baltimore has a funky presence.
A squalid degeneracy that gets transformed into an icon of subversive glamour.
Raoul Middleman
if i didn't have a call i'd be up and about in .2 seconds to do all of these things.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW.
I'm super pissed.
Lovelock on Global Warming  Seattle Post Intelligencer
But im yet aliveso im thanking God for that 
RT...
Tough choice....Picard or Kirk?
Spock or Riker?
Can't decide.....
CocaineCaviar
LOVE Pretty Lady.
hahahaha.
K sounds SO good.
DOGS ARE AH!MAZEING.
EVEN PITTS.
How does a DOG using TEETH doctorg a deadweight of a 70 yr old off of train tracks?!?
HUH!
A Noise Within threw its arms wide open tonight w/ Twelfth Night in it's new Pasadena home.
Feeling repertory theater love.
Feels like the CAL loss my junior year all over again..
see, that's what you get!
;
i should go sit outside!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Philippians 4:13
Changing plans last second 
i suggest buying a paper.
Support us poor sportswriters
I take that as an yes?
Happy New Year, Tabatha!
Love your show, especially the episode in Houston.
It's my hometown.:
yu can have it all girl just roll 1 for me
B.A.S.K.E.T.B.A.L.L  Best Accomplishment Sucessful Kind Enjoy Time Believe All Learning Life.
: Don't know why the two goals were disallowed, but it could be 30 right now.
Crew96 WhitecapsFC Don't tell
Q1: I've always written.
Started blogging to make it routine.
But haven't blogged since Feb.
I love you're music so much can u please please follow me I will be so happy
If you like pop music, Adam Lambert's new record is too good to be true.
It's so fun that I feel like I'm breaking a rule by listening to it
Just passed a business called Lots of SLOTS for Fun!
so funny to me
I really need a hug and someone to talk to.
I hate getting so uoset over something that means the world to me.
Where are we and where are we going?
tks for the retweets Susan.
Hope you are doing well.
Get up 150 off 721 days small group adventure tours for 1840 yr olds in the USA this summer!
travel ttot lasvegas New tours added!
CantSayNo to food!
Sometimes sleep deprivation is what makes you go with your first instinct.
highly unlikely...
Found funky malt shop at Solano  Central.
Good malts, shakes, food
Dudes jeans are tighter than his girls...
Office Manners Tip: Keep your desk  your keyboard clean.
Others will see it.
Amazing Race :D
Damn I feel like I was peeling potatoes 4eva
if you mean a set of Sequential actions, yes.
Set the project to mark automatically when last action
Can't wait to Skype with my mom...
this weekend.
I'm going to go on a iloveu mom twitter rant
Romantic comedy  romcom, so doctormatic comedy  doctormcom?
I used to crack jokes all the time when I started so I'm trying to get back to mixing it up.
I've been too serious lately.
Maybe longform argument isn't going away, it's just becoming collaborative.
celtics got that win tonite!!!
my day was just made:
it's okay we always lose the first.
Hey want to come pick up your free tickets to the game for tomorrow night!?
They'll be in Johnston Hall Rm 033!
I sent you the invite email to the addoctorss you gave me.
It is a 500 meg file and it is showing up in my doctorpbox.
Having twitter issues.
Made my 5th loan today with for Team Nerdfighters.
I may not have much, but I certainly have enough to share.
DFTBA
Nope!
Just BAD!!!
RT : Me and /helloxariana are having way to much fun with wheelchairjimmy
i was to busy watching Philly win
My guess is, though, especially seeing their traffic hasn't declined w/the crit one bit, is that most people DO click.
Since ain't preachin tonite I guess I'm goin to bed.
power button and home button at the same time
we just really need to find great connections.
Great concept, vision, and plan but the execution needs to connection help.
It never fucking fails that I can make though ATL tsa security.
But get me in a smaller airport my shit gets taken away.
Shaving cream.
Fuck
HAPPY FATHERS DAY!!!
is that the only team shoes or are all styles in team colors?
Wish Packers weren't lame AM90's
And a huge thanks to you both.
Great sizzling start to the new year!
RT : My favorite spot to vacation is the Riviera Maya in Mexico!//sounds wonderful!
Thank You handsome i love you!!
Rocking The Tree Bar this Tuesday, February 28th, and Skully's on March 7th!
it's really not too late to meet Do it for the kids, man.
Do it for the kids.
excuses excuses
MAY I HAVE A SHOUTOUT?
To Alexus in FL
Sad when you can win a SINGING competition because you look good.
Social Worker Celebration Luncheon today!
Xoxo for all the people advocates out there!
Atheism is a nonprophet organization.
George Carlin
What exactly are you changing?
Is it something super cool like you're moving to Delaware ;
ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't like country music.
I just can't.
Sorry.
Shout out 2 da big homie at da king of da court good stuff folk
Very nice.
I cant explain to you how good of a movie Apocalypto is..
THIS GIRL COOKS POPCORN AND BRINGS IT IN TO 6TH PERIOD EVERYDAY JFC
Can't wait to get off work
I got you.
Ty love u too :
Looks like this will be close enough for Cards fans to stay the whole game
so we talked on the phone lastnight til 3 in the morning and when we hung up he said goodnight beautiful like u bunches;
Teacher bringing pizza to class.
Is this real life?
And singing it, too!
;
it won't even be the same without him there!
Are you gonna go with him when he goes to China..?
Check your email!
A big part of why the Beasties meant so much to me growing up MT : ...
the way they grew as men who related to women was so important.
My song Life Not Typical is back on the Most Added Chart for Billboard!
Keep praying with me for open doors and thanks for the new adds!
My brain has officially hit the wall and I still have one more class to teach this evening.Time to find a way to move the wall.
no comma
Thanks.
I was pretty damn nervous to make it public, can't lie.
Breathe.
Let go.
And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.
Oprah Winfrey
OccupyNashville Cops filming the faces of gathering crowd of bystanders.
Awesome.
My tweets have been really bitchy lately
Taking a break from writing and going to see Joe Bonamassa at the tennessee performance arts center!
We'll share some pictures soon
RT : OnceYou are honest with yourself, your whole world changes...for the better
From the start, I've believed excessive restrictions in Uthoff case are 1 Unnecessary and 2 Detrimental to UW's/Bo's image
The Orpheum is quickly filling up!
Grab a beer  a seat  prepare for a great ride.
Another class and I'm done .
very cute .
thanks for sharing
WhatIWantThisSummer: to meet and
Come to premiere of Through the Lens: 50 Years of the Japanese Garden, a documentary by SCAN, Oct.
29, 3p, at Arboretum.
www.scantv.org
EWWW Why everyone like that spanish teacher in our skool?
She has a mustache....
.
Yes!
is a new glutenfree bar line and newest cookie is Double Chocolate!
NO!
You got more enjoyment out of that than anyone else.
Go see HUGO.
Do it!
It's an excellent adaptation of Brian Selznick's book.
Hey LTDArmy, let's get to 3,000 fans on the Facebook page.
Get your friends and family to join the LTDArmy today!
Yes he does.
I don't think I've ever pulled a bigger 180 on anything in my life than my reversal on Megan
That is what Aaron said about me.
I lol'd.
Do me a solid and follow
Happy Birthday hope you enjoy the new car!!!
:
You have it all wrong baby, I'm the lucky one.
My dick is on your dick bitch 
Really nice on the courtyard today....And we have Voodoo White Magic of the Sun on doctorft!..along w/Locals All Saints, Lavery  Helltown
found a 6 cup muffin tin at kobys swap meet for 1!
:
doctorNK ALL THE BEERS
Isn't Gentry the last player in Major League that gets cut?
Signing today at HMV Central!
My last thing to do in Hong Kong.
I have had such a good time!
hongkong  Greyson Chance
Since I work from home now, I've been having dinner ready earlier  earlier.
I'm dangerously close to it being lunch :/
Thanks!
Happy TravelTuesday to you too!
grave mi primer cancion con Estrellas de la cumbia...!!!
We will be on the roof of the Leavey center at Georgetown U between 10am11am to look for the space shuttle Discovery traveling on jumbo jet
Also tomorrow my birthday
I'm glad they caught this scum bag.
The typical male housecat will weigh between 7 and 9 pounds, slightly less for female housecats.
Track practice till 11:
RT : Thx 4 the tweets!
As an alum it's great 2 follow goings on  AU.
Keep...
HAHAHA I thought I texted that to the Wolfe 9 crew but tweeted it instead
I got a picture with you last night at the fire and Ice tour.
You give SUPER tight hugs : You're the best!
UPS just doctorpped off a box  2 more pkgs under his arm, 1 w/ camo tape.
It's a very gay block.
This time next week I'll be doctornk from Beer Under Glass, thus ringing in one of my favorite benders of the year:
Trying new route to USC, blue to expo v blue to DASH
Can't watch because its raining so hard my satellite cannot get a signal...
Like really.
Is Kyle Kendoctorck actually serious?
Come on man, I'm sending good vibes from one 38 to another.
Feel like my life is about to change in a great way!
But in the meantime about to party in Weho with da boyz!!
LOL
psst!
I haven't forgotten about our lunch date!
hint hint!
Coffee Meet UP Group this morning at KISS always fun
1 more hour!
Be sure to tune into 98 Rock Baltimore to hear a live onair interview  performance from !
www.98online.com
me to
The CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD soundtrack was awesome.
Used to blaze down the road to that one.
Riddle me this: Scott Forstall, Senior VP iOS Apple has a verified account  50,000 followers but has NEVER tweeted
Help please!
Playing with my new 'work' iPad, need to know the best apps for displaying PPT  PDF presentations
Rehearsal was...interesting today?
i think that is the word for it.
Zipline!!!!
Nothing like an 8 mile run through the streets of Philly to finish a great day filled with good design.
I have to get one before the kids do!
yeah boy you followed me : thanks
barre work can eat my dick.
If anyone in our class suggests that as a good idea for showcase, I will murder them on the spot!
You don't have to explain it to me, I understand completely!
Sorry  been out of the loop due to storming the new job.
Any shows SOTS should see this weekend?
St.
Basil, Greek religious leader First we form habits, then they form us.
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you.
Hi Mama,I just found out about the move.
Are you guys ever going to come back to Texas?
bless up yourself!
Thanks for following: np u'l be mine.toi iz one of my great artist to be u
My picks for best doctorssed at the Oscars last night.
Emma Stone.
And J.Lo.
even though her updo looked really, really severe.
TSOINY in Amoeba Records in LA: Picked up HOUSE OF LOVE record i never knew existed and Tony Visconti produced D GENERATION record too!
Someone in our office is rocking the Whitney Houston, hard.
ATTENTION: No cell phone and no internet.
That's why you can't reach me.
I'll respond to every text and message when my bills are paid!
was out with the boys having a good night till i got the email.
now back at the house waiting on this conference call from over seas.
Steve Wargo doctorw: to write a play w/ the 3 amigos, 3 musketeers and 3 men and a baby.
Hi Jeremy, thanks!
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality  Les Brown.
Keep smiling.
Why is there so much fear in America to talk about RACE now?
Blacks are not the ones who initially based WORTH on race, nor continue to!
LOL mine is a badass.
His canines are like elephant tusk!
will you follow me please after 2,000 followers????
Tying up some lose ends then heading to the Southern Ideal Home Show to see our client Marty Graff!
can we ask you questiosn via Twitter?
do we still have a game?
Welcoming one of my favs to Twitter  give a warm and fuzzy welcome to !
channel...
As in youtube?
Uh oh
GreatMorning, Hot Afternoon.....
Live From Beautiful Denver, CO.
In bed with babee about to call it a night, we so damn old Lol 3
Still trying to pursue a missed friendship connection which is extremely significant.
No negative reconnections.
Ask me who v ...
It'll be a good day when ColdStone is back.
RT : chipotle opened just steps away from my office.
Today is a good day my friends.
If you don't believe that you deserve it then you don't...
chillin my dude should be headed to lunch but hey...shit happens
Last night was fun
bored at work
Ready to rage Bassnectar tomorrow!
Then its off to Indy, Muncie, and Oxford!
I LOVE YOU DON'T EVER CHANGE plz follow...!:u are amazing I hope you notice me!'
Thank you!
:
a few more months ill be in Puerto Rico to see my family then movin to San Diego then in 2013 i will be goin to Cuba for family and a quince
Yes,espec.w/evaluators such as Doyne/Love in San Diego.
Perpetuate,lie,never hear crys of child when truth spoken.1000's hurt.
So they got Ebony being a therapist to Ronnie....
really??
Idk where to start on that one
haha yeah free food and movie..
Always down
girlbyenotwiththem flowery slippers you got from the hair store
they at least have 2.
Just doctorve by Angels stadium  it's still there being disassembled.
U2 was amazing last night!
Two more weeks to relax before I go back into the workforce.
Today, I was lucky enough to spend time with some great students and future leaders.
Have fun today!
Hope you have good weather.
Should be asleep, but wide awake.
Going to see the tax man tomorrow....please dont steal my monies!!!!!!!
Well hello cheque by mail.
Looks like I'm buying plane tickets tonightand a jacketand a cameraand some Louis.
At College Bound's first board meeting of the year.
We are looking for additional board members.
You ready yet?
devl environment is clean.
Moving files from devl into production requires additional SKILLS.
dmp
data.
nytimes.
com  where the data is available on NY Times
What type of post move was that MarcGasol !
dude I could fly a plane into ur fucking nose shut the hell up, then I would kick you square in the face.
Dont even reply fag.
I'll stick my foot do far off in ya ass u'll b coughing up toe nails boi!
Advice: Don't make cake pops before dinner.
Got a nice workout in at the gym, I always feel better after I workout :D
why did the county real property appraiser stop by and want to see our kitchen?
I kinda dislike this holiday now, I do love my mother though
Thank the good Lord above i dont have parents that are Nazis!!!!!!!!!!!
same thing happened here in 06
Only one more day to see 's interview with dancer before it goes into the archives  Don't miss it!
I cried when you left me for her.
Amazing, thoughtprovoking tweets from femtechnet meeting, shared by allstar feminist technology scholar lineup!
I miss you...
yayyy!
already got my UGA game tickets for this season.
Now that's what I'm talking about !Hope we can help you again this AM!
Gotta say, today was a good day thanks to
I'm just playing, I'm not really that scarry..
but TBH that Avatar is
Thank you for all the sweet congratulatory comments: 3
SO TRUE!
nice avi stranger...
Fanks girl!!!
RT : I just stalked your website it looks beautiful!
they have a mascot?!
20thingsaboutme 16.
My favorite series of books are The Mortal Instruments and Morganville Vampires, but my favorite book is the Bible.
josh is down ;
Pregame goes 31 on Super Bowl Sunday picks.
Nothing like a great football game, and of course winning some money!!
wine in a dixie cup...
don't mind if i do.
niggas who tweet about kobe being old and they know damn right he will bust they're favorite players ass
I just DM'd you.
What Is Your Fav Kenny Chesney Song?
I Have2 Better As A Memory  something Sexy about the Rain.
Always been proud.
Mike Locksley isn't about to give up on our football team and we've headed to the tourney in ncaab.
ah, yes.
This.
I think of this often.
Looking for new members to join me at the Dulles Chamber.
Anyone interested?
the year we all died.
We have 3 girls...could definitely use 1 more, 2 would probably be great.
still waiting on JC for her friend.
Yes, get Mike
Newest music addiction?
A Fine Frenzy :
Are you already here at dd11?
love to find and meet you during lunch!
personalization fund sounds awesome.
cc
The Women Tell All is like the climax before the let down of the final episode.
Merry Christmas to everyone this fine holiday!
Be safe and eat up!
I don't have a fat ass I just have a fat wallet in my back pocket
Correction noted from the feet up.
This is why I can't tell jokes, I always get the punch line wrong, but I always get a laugh.
So like tablehopping roundtables?
MT : Loved roundtable discussions.
More of those so we can choose multiple topics...
my students as well for I am at my funniest or deepest when I go off on a tangent.
It's nothing we should be worried about!
They are legit, Dwayne Wiggins set this up  still is a placeholder for more serious merchandise to come
Love is being a wallpaper on someone's phone.
Apple and Almonds....
Not a breakfast of champions!
Sketching out new design ideas I love this part :
What's your favorite thing to do  Daytona Beach Kennel Club  Poker Room?
Watch the pups race  grab dinner?
Play a poker game?
Simulcast?
must of had some sort of caffeinated beverage to hold off the headache, right?
there's a song in my heart
Elena Payne is now a part of the Creativepayne team.
Exciting things to come!
The gods too are fond of a joke.
Aristotle
Thanks for the tweet!
Glad you enjoyed it!
I didn't see a beard on him.
Lol
great, keep playing hard and doing your thing man!
And thanks from the nation!
Some guy gave me a rose today at work and it made my freaking day  I love Roses 
...
Kiss Austin because s He might want me to be his girlfriend!
;
thanks babe!
Love you too!
The maps really are amazing.
And I've learned so much about weather data standards already!
I guess someone is back on tebows side now that the holidays are over...
I want a tattoo done by Ami
I just looked out my window and guess what?
ITS NOT RAINING FIBBER RT : Perfect rainy day to clean...
I'm in new mexico.3
Mobile Wallets will usher a cashless  CARDless society.
We'll have a single data source on individuals: their phone.
at
This movie never gets old.
Me and can quote the whole movie.
On my way to work, I passed a trailer park that was named BillyBob Park.
The sign had a cartoon redneck next to it.
Are you serious?
just you
: Finally time to unwind..
It was a long day..
ugh...
I feel u cuz.
thanks.
I just happen to be about to walk onto the grocery store now, so this is perfect timing.
EVERYBODY FOLLOW SHE'S AWESOME!
YOU'LL LOVE HER 3
totally agree.
It's a mess, but so delish!
Thanks Hetty Chang!
computer games take the word nerd to a whole new level.
Rangers NHL Wow.
goodness  prespringtime sunshine.
Hold on peeps, it's comin'!
iPhone update makes me so nervous!!
The only good part about being sick is I get to listen to all day 3
seriously?
Tornado warnings again.
Most of metro Louisville.
Basement flooding.
Damn it.
Thanks for sharing...loved that article!
brings to mind an SNL skit.
Just when you think can't get any hotter she post a pic of herself showing off her smoking body
I'm obsessed with the Hunger Games and The Eternal Ones.
Life lesson..check for toilet paper BEFORE starting your session in a public bathroom.
Rollins starts off the 9th with a single to left!
.
they missed out 'finnish your language requirement.'
Blue Valentine starring Ryan Gosling vs.
Tom Waits' Blue Valentine?
What should I kill myself to?
Oh, I bet would love to get in on it too!
hmm yeah I guess lol just going with friends though I guess that's all you need!
yes will post pics for all of you!
Am NOT looking forward to school tomorrow, but am looking forward to dominating everyone at Track and Field Unit!
I'm hella tired.
This girl to my right is fake.
Director Dave Boyle is seriously funny.
Great QA w Goh Nakamura after Daylight Savings screening.
Stopping by just to knock the dust off my site, lol...
A few more weeks and I shall be back in business, Haan...
Ayee Arizona texters, as of yesterday it is illegal to text and doctorve.
Safe doctorving :
Babysitting spoiled rich kids
yeah we are on the partybus just leaving
i don't care what they say cause i know what i am
covering the Sentiment Analysis Symposium on Tues.
Presenting at J.Boye on Wed.
: busy, busy!
best cure for sore abs?
another ab workout...just feels wrong if i let them rest lol
heading to for some post sxsw nutrients to make me feel whole again.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover the prisoner was you...
: Bwahahaha.
Indeed I do.
I can walk from my house to one of the best Goodwills.
Open invite to you here!
Anytime, really!
there's a tornado in Oklahoma !!!!!
sounds like Alex owes Kyle a beer to me
The highest gust I've seen thus far is 45mph at the Sunport, and that's happened twice.
No official peak gust yet, though.
It must run in the family!
Lol
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger3
Its a Family Affair!!!!
u knw else like tht joke?
President Obama came out swinging today!
The rich who gained at the expense of the rest of us should have to pay their fair share.
My Prez!
HadTheSnotTestedOuttaThem MT : Today, NY's 3rd Graders sat for 2hr test on 3 readings involving animals in captainvity.
I am not gonna complain about being hot!
: Elevator company is here.
jammed door enough to get us air.
working to get us out.

Brainstorming knocking ideas around
Craving davesdiner right now
Working is a great release of tention and passion
Home from work, sipping 2010 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc, watching a show about work
I believe the word is soap.
We got your post festival Jam covered!
5 Smirnoff Talls 3 Rumchata/Powers Shots 1 Old Mils!
Big Kee behind the bar?!
Say What?!
no wonder my alarm didn't go off this morning..
it was set for PM.
Youre welcome: RT : Thanks for the RTs!!
Why, thank you.
Brb.
Emotionally eating.
I have to stop buying shoes, just bought the same pair of shoes in different colors.
Now that makes 20 pairs of shoes that I have.
what's the hash tag?
The Breakfast Fight Club ohchat
The big Brand Page Timeline switch is this Friday!
What are some of the best cover photos/designs you've seen so far?
Anyone have a simple explanation of health insurance portability?
I'm pretty smart, but am having a hard time figuring it out.
Omw to work :
LOL!
Corny jokes are still 10 times better than spam.
Love it :
why thank you my dear!
Who are you most excited about seeing at Coachella?
Nice!
I like it...mass distraction.
Well now that I have studied econ for the past 4 days, I suppose I start studying for my accounting exam which is before that.
priorities?
How about a shoutout for the Tosa All Dist.
Choral Festival!
All elem., middle  high school choirs!
7pm  East
thanks for the RT; we are on a roll with press, etc.
Love helping out!
FINISHED WORKING ON ANOTHER SONG FOR MY UP COMING ALBUM.
are you getting all wet??
It is just brutal looking on tv!
God I hate my job!
So very true!
I'm doing my part!!!
Went to my first prom tonight
glad you liked it!
Thanks for the feedback
so glad we get a new air conditioner tomorrow!
did you lose your mom?
Only a couple days left to sign up for the Madden tournament.
We need a lot more heads to sign up so spread the word!!!
Talking to my gf :D she makes me so happy
no I don't feel you....
Ahaha he really did tho,Tech was always wack to me anyway.
Never thought he was funny like that
Sacha Baron Cohen Leaks 'The Dictator' Opening Scene  International Business Times
Mom: if you get sick you can't go to school.
Expect Fireworks in tonight's xfactor me  cherylcole bought loads of illegal snidey chinese kidkiller bottlerockets in Dublin yesterday
When is it not time for chipotle ?
Had such a great day today!!
my pleasure I just wish you had some of them as prints for sale :
If I don't follow you back on instagram let a bitch know
thats the kicker...
whenever we want!
DJ S.
Dub is alive and hustling!
Sorry, sir.
/sulks away
Should it be so unsettling to see someone stalk your blog?
Fresh Batch ready to go today!
Someone just texted me, Fuck me in my butt, hahaha.
get yours!
Funky7 in downtown RoyalOak is our exclusive retailer or online at www.southdetroitshirts.com
AskKarmin how does it feel coming home?
oomf need to make her damn mind who she gone cheer for
playing in San Jose tonight...hope to see you there!
:D
I started playing Bridingthenet from bc my 6yo loves birds.
We can't wait 2 go 2 the Lab in 2 weeks with her!
Movie recommendation is John Brolin in The Amittyville Horror
RT : hope chargers get a freaking team together this year!
Me too!
They will...I have faith!!
Had an egg hunt yesterday...that was interesting..found out my great nephew is 3 going on 47..
Spontaneous pizza and beer night on the back deck with a couple of friends.
JPalfrey : DPLA at its core is the people who want to solve this problem.
We know we can do better.
Looking forward to that dessert potluck tonight.
Warm treats for a rainy day!
tx for shout out can't wait to meet you.
Idk what this school is smoking, but let me have some of that if you're going to expect me to cohabitate with birds in a food court  Jason
How was the rest of your trip in nashville?
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
23
You would.
That's why we love you.
RT : I hate boxing.
Yeah.
I said it.
Beastmode
I guess I'll keep my rope of tape to myself.
Guess ill be taking a cab to the laundoctor mat before work tomorrow.
Lawd i miss my car.
Moreover, my next apt HAS to have laundoctor in unit
Congrats class of 2012 :
It literally appeared on my doorstep.
I don't know why.
It might be a miracle.
Haha idk but that aint sound like u fag
key difference between GOP and Dems, we see all Americans as individuals not parts of groups to be pandered to for votes/
Stuffed quail, baby carrots, onions and potatoes, brussel sprouts, and microgreens  tiny tuesday thanksgiving is on!
thanks so much for the follow.
I can't wait to read more about you guys.
I live in NJ as well
Still saddened by the Rosebud and Times closing.
So many memories, and Milwaukee classics, dating back to the 1930's
She won't be...but we have MANY awesome wines  some killer pinot grigio coming.
Will we be seeing you there?
Is it bad that I am excited my trainer canceled and I don't have to go to the gym today?
Get better, bud.
I too am laying off the sauce.
Did damage!
Hay waddup!?
I spent all day hanging out with !
She awesome!
:D
Snow..
In CFL!?
come get coffee, I say!
258 E Eau Gallie : Vegan Mocha Latte  yum yum says
i feel like my hair grows as fast as rick ross' beard
Wow, it's hot out.
Time for the AC.
Being an intern was priceless.
An amazing show and a brilliant staff
Hooray it's Thursday but my todo list has grown tenfold since Monday!
is a classy gentlemen.
is a beautiful lady.
is a classy grom.
3
Is anyone going to watch HawksvBucks?
This is probably the worst series in the 2010 NBA Playoffs
will you promise to model whatever you buy ;
Just left the Rosebowl, great time with Ed Asner, Gary Cole, Holly Robinson Peete  autism parents all!
No Problem Thank You as well!
Truly: Invention is a flower.
Innovation is a weed
Have a good time watching the ponies!
Good luck!
My boyfriend is the greatest!
Can't wait for my weekend getaway with him and Kasey to Disney world :3
Welcome to Washington, D.C., where the buck stops here!
And then it's handed out to AIG and many others.
Robin Williams
DM In addition to creating the first Digital Textbook, I have another company that can help with fundoctorising.
DM if interested.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It's 68 in San Antonio right now.
It will be 41 degrees in Boston when I land.
3 that show
God I'm bored.
I just gave a woman 700 to put her screaming baby in the overhead compartment on this plane
Just realized I lost my phones SD card at Cuvee last night.
Great
Last night RAF Gold Lions at Eastman House was entertaining as hell.
Great job by and the rest
It annoys me that my little cousin just ate at a party, then I get home from work with taco bell and he's like I'm hungry!
I want food!
nice!
Wish GA had more ice action!
Go Biebs!
Rationalizing my grades with this being the first semester of me ever having a job/internship...
And said internship being badass.
Keep up the awesome work Travis!
Please give Chuck and Blair the happy ending they deserve.
My good boating friend passed away last night peacefully with all of his family by his side.
He was a great father, Godly, good friend.

Don't settle for anybody, just so u can have somebody
KATIE YOU WHORE
sigh  total joke failure!
My doctoram has aways been for u to follow me follow me please AlyssaMilano I'm following u
This is my HELL!
I love Pan Am!
The 2p showing of THE SOURCE had a great turnout.
As did COMPLIANCE  a later time.
Nice to see so many people supporting mdff12!
wants 2 do a stand up show 2 raise  for Nash floods.
send him a tweet and ask him 2 come 2 Nash 2 do the show
not sure yet but somethin's gonna happen!
Sounds like a GREAT day!
Thanks MonicalsRT : Shopping and pepperoni pizza from Makin my day :
One of the best ways to improve your fuel economy is to change the way u doctorve: speeding accelerating  braking can deplete efficiency.
I love speaking at elementary schools!
:
Solid logic, thanks!
We have 30 views so far of our Youtube channel.
Now the challenge is to add a ton more by the end of August.
We have the beer, food  music
These next 10 hours can pass so I can die in bed now
his punk ass
I think that be pretty awesome, bro?
I wouldn't mind being followed by you :
Ilovewhenyou pick me up  swing me it lets me know that you missed me  you're happy to see me 3
They are cute little piglets!
Thanks.
Good job boys.
Now for round 2.
basketball BigW 
oh...bad...RT : But All Dogs Go To Heaven...
Hollywood even made a movie about it...
my team n I r very much respected so PLz donCOME Cr
Super excited to be joining the team here in SF!
I have been reading Stephen King's Under the Dome for a year, and I've only gotten through 100 or so pages of the 800.
Time to retire it.
It feels late af
How to lure the neighborhood cats: open windows and play Bon Iver.
There are 4 cats outside my window, I kid you not.
Me too, FG not a guarantee.
RT : I have no problem with Giants scoring that TD.
Gotta take points.
let's wax philosophical for a hot second  define rock
Seeing you smile makes me smile.
i follow you in u twitter Now please you followback me in my twitter Please.
Love
Fuuuck you taco bell for making me sick!
Never regret what MADE you smile
haha that sucks!!
come to kaitlyns
If you play doctorwsomething, hit me up at jjjacklyn
You are so sweet for retweeting this.
Thank you!!
Appleavocado meets the Big Apple this weekend.
Now if only there was a city called The Big Avocado...
Demi Lovato is amazing.I love her song Skyscraper.
S/O to man, nigga gave me 3 dope 16's for the project G2T
until they're not winning.
Then they don't even know they have a team.
i didnt even know there were plans :c
Right on!
Lmao sorry for scaring you before!
Me and Kate thought it was Kristie in the car
thanks lady.
We'll see how it goes...
Will do!
Ah yes, being a grown up sucks.
100to1 Creativity in Business: look in unexpected places for talent.
What a great night thanks to  the band.
It was great to hang out with you all again!
:
Is assistive tech such as voice to text and spell check is making us collectively dumber?
I doubt my kids will be able to read a map.
That is a great new jam.
are you still up???
aww, oomf wants attention so bad .
Stay tuned for an all new iBand.me !
I like your tweets.
You are in my interesting list :
Science has never doctormmed up quite as effective a tranquilizing agent as a sunny spring day.
W.
Earl Hall
Looking for great live music tonight?
Check out Lem Banks  Jeff Stoll down at at 6pm!
I hate algebra.
Now reading: Cheesemonger  A Life on the Wedge.
Great book.
Making me want to learn to be a cheese snob.
yeah it's ok to beat a woman !
If I did that shit I would be locked up forever!
Fuck u
I am, silly goose :
that's the part that makes me physically ill  I usually have to block them
I'm part of that loud, annoying family that no one likes at restaurants.
EveryTwitterTimeline have that one person that gone be twatchin everything you doin!
we both needed that today.
Thank you.
Is there a full moon tonight?
All the loonies were out on the subway today.
is ur name lil foot?
or am i seeing things??
lol....yes!
There's still some of us left :
BREAKOUT !!!
SO glad to be with Sporting KC!!!
Lots of choosing is going around town
Indiana will win the National Championship next year.
I'm calling it now.
The movement has begun

great tattoo!
Love it!!!!!
I was trying to figure out what to hashtag it as
If that ballot is still sitting on the desk mail it in with a YES vote for
I do not like green eggs and ham.
.
Honestly, I don't know how I functioned before
Applied for 2 jobs hopefully i get one :
Unfortunately, the 4.5 consecutive snow days have delayed the review of applications.
We'll let you know ASAP.
I don't think you realize how much you mean to me.
So happy to be called a belieber.
I love you Justin.
3
If I were in charge, you would have to pass a written test and interview process to be allowed to camp in AZ outside of numbered camps!
oh yeah!
Even better
Seeing last night was a surreal moment.
Not that I've heard of!
OMFGGGGGG 's new music video for Prom Night fucking ROCKS!!!!!
The organic movement is growing in Thailand thanks in large part to a group of Buddhist monks called Asok or
its me!
And I'll do anything you ever doctoramed to be complete  Little pieces of the nothing that fall.
::goo goo dolls::slide::
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs
I just saw a commercial where all the Regular Show characters were real people.
Holy fucking shit.
Def just passed the car from Ghostbusters.
Wonder where it was coming from?
we luved u on Broke Girls tonight!
Flowers from dad..sniff sniff.
xo
insurance nurse on call gave good instructions for a pressure bandage.
working on.
hey did you see that chachi is in the Philippines with IaMmE??
I tried Kelly.
It did not turn out well from our weather cameras.
man I aint heard from yo ass
Calling it a night, after a great onceuponatime can't wait to figure out the other characters!
:
I went to the bank today and told them that instead of the 20k in student loan debt I owe them, they actually owe me 30K bc its working
I LOVE YOU
March 27, 1984: MD Legislature passes bill allowing Baltimore to take over ownership of the Colts from Robert Irsay.
Thanks for the RT!
See you at the next game.
Thanks for the RT!
Not sure who is on the stage right now at but the bass is overwhelming their lyrics.
No bueno
www.facebook.com/inaudikaband go like it and ill give you a new song.
RT : I count as a blessing when friends ask for help.
I wish I am not too much a burden when I need it.
We are for Center for the Book meeting Please follow so we can report more than 100 followers
nice!!!
Now share the wealth!
lol
headed to nelson's for my last bit of ridin before the show in jax this weekend.
just realized that staying up tweeting  only hope of catching up to in c4l12 tweetcount
oh your tellin me listen to em go
Sorry, to be considered a date I believe we have to keep it to two.
Maybe next time.
just realized the nebraska game is Oktoberfest weekend...
showing at your place?
Paul Revere was one of the first neighborhood watch members, he says.
RT : Spring Forward: Don't forget to set your clocks ahead one hour before going to bed on Saturday night.
No.
You're a true woman.
haha
thanks so much.
Spread the word, and keep posted for shows and new releases soon!!
:
I'm not even a Knicks fan but this Knicks Heat game is becoming BS!!
These refs are sucking some DICK!!
yes we are ;
ahh no worries..
there's always next time!
it's the thought that counts ;
Me me me :RT : Guys who has got tickets to our 2013 US Arena tour already?
It's going to be crazy!
Im not to sure, He will prob be out for a while but hopefully back for Over The Limit
idk why I find it flattering you rubbed my ears...
come back to ny!
best manchestaaaaaa accent :
AH!
We used to be wicked good friends in high school!
That's so funny!
Rise Against?
Yes.
I'm an avid fan
Writing a resume is no easy feat.
What resume mistakes do u see?
I love that your baby has a Twitter feed!
:
did you like my wonderful, embarrassing moment on the trolley this morning.
In my defense I had 3 hours of sleep.
Morning fish crew setting up to the soundtrack of Wanda Jackson: The Party Ain't Over.
April 14th ACT test takers, try my new ACT/SAT Mixtape Study guide!
You can review for your big test while you ride, or in your headphones!
that's one of my favorite Grantland pieces.
Big fan of
u need to check out this new guy Scotty mccreery or something like that.
He is pretty good
okay!!
I am sure of that.
Um...
yeah I'm kinda creeped out.
video  WALKER TARGETS all UNIONS for SECRET CRIPPLING ATTACK!
Private Unions, Construction Unions, Labor Unions  ALL UNIONS...
to be more accurate, how to defeat the nature of the organization :0
Childhood memories of my sister singing Beastie Boys songs.
RIP MCA .
Every time it rains there are multiple accidents becuz NASHVILLE DON'T KNOW HOW TO doctorVE
excellent inspiration!
A great thanks to everyone who stopped Long Beach.
Next stop San Diego!
Seriously sick of cuts, burns and bruises.
jk that sounds painful
That hashtag could not be more accurate.
Love you
Watching Nicki perform on Ellen.
Amazing Starships!
what up
thanks, one of our favorites!!
Tonight we look forward to The Social  last one before the new version of TheSocial begins next month...
Free yourr mind
My line is weak, but otherwise I think I can make my offense go.
My DL  LBs are pretty weak sauce.
The fact that my parents only have a few baby pictures of me, but a whole album for my brothers, is the reason why i think I'm adopted.
should have never passed him the ball
Girlfriend, I won't even vote unless I get the sticker.
My cat has to have something to wear.
;
ohh your welcome!
WHY CAN'T WE TWEET THE SAME THING MORE THAN ONCE???
I FEEL THE SAME WAY ALOT OF TIMES...
WTF???
;0
Cliff: Hey Brennan...do you believe in Jesus?
cool thanks man, i just got that in the mail!!!!
I'm with ya..
Doing the same thing in a major way
stuffabus is rocking and I am rocking out to Adel come sing with me and Lori ClintonTownship at niÃ±o Salvaggios on Hall Road
hit me on FB
Everybody is in the midst of spring fever!
What has been your favorite color for the season so far?
In Eugene, Oregon Ducks hang on to beat USC 6562.
Excellent start to Pac12 campaign, a 52 record so far
Makes it worth it.
Not sure about that usecase, but I'd love a haptic tatto that my phone can talk to.
Actually, I'd love a haptic shirt.
:
RT : yea...and I'm well aware of what you're take away was.
: // do share :
IM SOO EXCITED.
to see you in 2 days.
i love you.
and all the songs that you sing.
woo.
!
Hope everyone on Isla Mujeres is ok.
can't wait 2 hear abt your trip 4 next week!
Thank you for walking the walk as you talk the talk!
things are going great man.
thanks for your prayers last week.
hope you are well!!!
Good grief, Conley.
I'm on it
What panels did you see today?
What are you going to tomorrow?
RT : It takes a thousand voices to tell a single story local projects at
Got new music that I will share with you soon!
Feeling good about it....
hug for you!!
Celtics have 33 wins, 19 came in games where played more than 12 minutes.
They are 91 in games where he plays 20 or more.
ever take the NIH portion distortion quiz?
Google it!
true.
Gotta love lil kids but they do get annoying lol
Elder Willie Jones is in the house!
Tune in to Praise and Worship with Power on 88.7 WLUW and begin this St.
Patrick's day strong!
Patiently waiting for advanced tickets for Breaking Dawn to go on sale : anyone know when that might happen???
Talked with We will try to tune in for UCFJackieb and would like to coauthor something on Twitter.
I made burritos last night, first time!
From scratch.
Without a recipe.
And it was GOOD!!!
I almost feel like starting foodie blog..
Almost.
Horizon export files, you are the poop icing on the poop cupcake that was my day.
if I could stab our ILS right now I would so do it.
I'm attempting to engage in productive conversation.
Don't blame me if you aren't persuasive.
: I think it's been the best xmen movie so far.
we saw it today and I loved it.
I hope they make more.
The Mavs can finally get the respect they deserve!!!
Complete dismantling of the Lakers.
And the look on Kobe's face...
Priceless!!!
password on your phone?
def watches porn
Make a stink to the salesman  get money off.
I like it
We at the Lunar Antics are not happy with Newt 's Lunar Colony.The last thing we need is u Earthlings traipsing moon dust in our dwellings!
Wow, incredible.
Come run into me in Minneapolis sometime, y'hear?
Excited to have Cristina Pattuelli to talk about lodlam and her Linked Jazz project!
ladies and gentalmen ..
mister conway twitty !
Welcome to the Twitterverse  looking forward to your updates!
OH: write well you do.
Great promise you have.
Facebook just announced that they're buying Instagram for a billion dollars.
why have you withheld this information from me.
I sure do love me some Art Deco!!!
Great meal at Woodberry Kitchen.
Felt a teeny bit like season one of Portlandia.
But the food was damn good.
bout to go to bed .
night twitterers.
HAHAH !!
you are too sweet.
xD
I'm playing in the Atlanta Tennis city finals at Dekalb Tennis Center, pm sharp...thats at 5pm...Blessed G.
New tech video for RMA coming soon!
ok check your inbox in a few!
Not at all, Quite interesting lol
no no !
Lol
5/22  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Mike Vecchione
Man, they weren't kidding when they said The Avengers was awesome.
Who wants to go see it again?
weather report for CG v Park Tudor: slight chance of rain with a 100 chance of a banana
JFK was a 99er obviously: If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
John F.
Kennedy
We have a Python class starting on 30 mins at
I'll be at one of them if I'm still standing.
PPC Tip!
Analyze retargeting campaign auto placements.
See if you can spot a trend for your target demo and create new managed placements!
new Verizon campaign: America's Most Reliable Network
I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence
im liking freddie jacobson's chances this week...
The only souls you like to touch are those of strippers
so true too bad my girl doesn't understand that
McDonald's breakfast sandwiches!
I feel like doing something unspeakably stupid.
s/o to my new follower !!!!
Up early on set I feel great.
Time to change the game.
Hi new friends!
Hey peeps check out http:/groundedtimothy.blogspot.com Its directed to the business minded folks.
Have a great day
Lots of stuff brewing at VMM including a benefit concert for a family in our community/church!
Busy few months ahead :
Just two wheels and me, the wind in my eyes....RIP Adam Yauch
no doubt I forgot about this twitter page I mainly use my new one.
I show love!
Will do wrking on my mixtape now!
A huge thanks to all of you that helped HOM crack into the top 500 in the Global Metal Charts this week.
We couldn't do this without you!
In Music Meeting Mumiy Troll Polar Bear just plain weird
Superbowl franchises aren't built in Free Agency, they're built in the doctorft unless of course you sign Mario Williams!!!
Eeewwww tomorrow I start skool ugh I hate it
wow beautiful :
you can think of somdinnnn :
I don't get it...
what's so wrong w/ that Glee photo shoot?
The actors are adults, they can do whatever they want!
Who agrees?
Follow me!!!!
I'm glad you're finally coming to terms with your undying love for me.
lol idc i bet i wont get sick though
fuck is that
Yea buddy you see my boy
I think they'll break up again.
it is beyond beautiful!
my mommy's gonna love it!
Its masterful.
Thank you so much
you are reporting the Gus Johnson news about 9 hours after everyone else.
Lovin' the Office right about now...
WHAT!
Ah!
The last.fm app inside Spotify sort of does that, but not to the level you're likely looking for.
Come out to Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market today and get your AHI Poke bowls!!!
We got the salmon to get you going today!
Yum!
: Mumford please.
I don't want to listen to Kate Perry again.
I mean Adele.
i'm in plato's closet and they already skrillex and kelly clarkson and david guetta i'm gonna kms
gotta love the Windians!
Hope 4thst is jumpin!
Go Tribe!
my fingers and toes are numb
And who TF is lightin fireworks!
Oh gosh, don't be.
Thanks for following back!
Just like to thank for their awesome mileage plan.
Thanks your airmiles, I'm going on a work retreat in a few days!
Can't wait!
Sounds like you have an idea for a reality dating show.
Received great email from Indiana Supreme Court on attorney Jessie Levy who defended by black sheep cousin.
Happy dance!
i know why, low man on totem pole.
I do have a solid opening gambit ready if asked.
Have fun on the cruise
IfGiaWasMyWife She could get it al day everyday .
this is a HORRIBLE neighborhood, there are youths everywhere
Everytime i hear somebody i use to know by gotye i feel like crying.
A storm in daylight touches heaven.
A storm at night is already there.
Ok yeah tomorrow is Denver!!!
Super super excited!!!
But ahh still have to pack and get everything ready :/
dope stuff boss!!!
I have that same issue after almost 20, but it's 40 pounds.
10 for every 5 years.
How to turn digital activism into real time action?
tweetact slacktivism or activism?
lost their mind
depressed enough to listen to coldplay dot com
Independent, Precinct  other restaurants help Union Sq Somerville offer great amenities for new mix of residents.
Thanks for the FF mentions.
I appreciate your help!
Our latest article on the West Coast Posttrauma Retreat may interest you!
Come on Royals!
Stop running into outs!
CoreLogic Signs FiveYear, MultiMillion Dollar Contract Selecting Procurian to Optimize Spending Across the ...
I used to give a fuck but now it's a different story.
Spread the word on honcho brothers.
And all of our honchoisims.
we like your style...
you a great person...will you be my sister
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Like Neighbors Ask where r u going 2Day.
I ignore that question I dont want them 2 know im Gone.
Why is it that U NEVER remember Riunite Lambrusco gives U the worlds worst hangover until the 2nd glass?
So...who's going to win this American football game today?
I admit I don't know who's playing.
Not the Bears, that's all I know :0
i don't use twitter all that much...
unless there's something interesting going on in my life...
which isn't the case right now
uh speak for yourself.
If and I have to be out here, it's nice to have some company
lol that is an option
I sure hope so didn't get to spend enough time with ya.
We will take you out to dinner....
Cats don't need any excuses...
congrats boy!
It's a unionized company.
Lawd I done fell out on the floor!!!!
Scandal was off da hook!!!!
Wow, you don't know what you're talking about in any of the past ten or so tweets you sent out.
Unfollow, baby.
Yeah ah.
Never heard of it!
RT : thinking DiOrio's in St.
Matthews.
I like that place.
I need a male rock singer for a hook of a song, know anyone?
URGENT Senior Character Artists A Studio Europe
is that with tax and shipping?
sounds like a good story, but it's more like an average, overlyboring story :
Me .C.R.S need to get it together !
Lol MUNI ahead of us derailed.
MorningStar savings  highly popular coupon!
Mommy Coupon ...
also for the doctorma.
it sounds so ridiculously entertaining!
Who loves Sex Robots?
i didn't get any texts from you O.o text me ' i'll text back :
Sonny Skyhawk asks why are the first people on this land the last at the entertainment table?
are you going to WOD tour in Brooklyn?
Caps Vokoun says they were a better team then the
Awh, was it cute?
Now i gona make a puffpuffsmoke see u later freinds !!
;
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 33
...and I had to get a new iPad2, one that doesn't have hardware issues  cool, let's see where this one gets me :
So frustrated right now.
Really need to blow off some steam :
Yes sir!
All big programs including Gustavo Arellano and Lalo Alcaraz.
Hopefully viewers will participate.
:
idk maybe as much as u no me
beat of life by Anything Box  nice dancy song
Nordstrom!!
It's a Classiques jacket, love their style :
I swear a lot.
Just accept it as a part of my colorful personality
haha yeah just downloaded so I'm trying to figure out these challenges :
coachtuk how the hell do I have three brackets???
Excited to visit with this week in LA.
No one does OFATraining like they do.
phone with my sister
FOLLOW ME ZAYN:D please ily:x
Wikipedia says township and borough are each about 15k, which isn't much larger than Butler.
Interesting!
Thanks for coming out to the DCT last night for a wonderful night of improv!
stayed at home relaxed n did some laundoctor :
Yes, 2013, without a doubt!
RT: have fun at DBC2012!
Wish I could be there.
Maybe next year...
color me red!
Didn't know that lol.
Well I'm glad someone is making money off that idea :
do it!
Come on down tomorrow midnight
!.!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Justin Bieber is just awful, awful, awful.
WE AGREE!
This GREEN cleaner is loving the Texas GREEN!
Please please please last us through summer!
Where did the weekend go?...
Monday starts our big fund raiser for CancerCare for Kids Cupcakes for a Cause.
Stop in for yummy cupcakes for home, school, office
nah that was a week ago lol but Dark Shadows comes out!
:D
well, now that I have reached my limit of articles I have no idea what is going on.
Did Korea launch a new ebook pricing scheme?
hey every1 pls follow my new account this account is not working the right way
Paul Tillich The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable.
Yes!
Simply Ming on MPTV!!
Today: fish sauce
They may as well ask for cell phone transcripts and texts too.
While they are at it, place bugs in my house and car.
Crazy!
Is it the weekend yet?
should get to bed because she worked very hard today!
:3
I hate the Flyers i swear next time they play the pens at home next season im making a hate sign
Well, Kaylie, and I will not be getting back together.
I guess sometimes things aren't meant to be.
thanks!
I'm really excited and happy to be a part of the team.
Too short of a visit to SF.......highly productive, but no time for dim sum.......
Stay close and never leave me , 
I know we need to get a good bond session in with u and Jenny
What a great day outside!
Come on down to Bath and Body Bistro.
We're having a sale on our Valentine gifts!
30 off!
you and I should go bowling ;
Ok people Who Getting MVP leBron or Kevin Durant..please Comment
Rejoice!
In the Lord always and again I say rejoice!!!
If FTP comes back with different owner, Stars loses business to an actual competitor.
Right now there is no real competition.
who doesn't though
Men have become the tools of their tools.
LIVE now on Rachel Maddow: Interview with Anthony Weiner.
This should be good.
Thanks love :
What helps you focus?
much obliged.
Thanks for watching.
Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.Josh Billings
WTH!!!
That Avi looks about as close to perfect as it gets!!
I don't see no 1520lbs that need to go!
Why did just say the winner of UNC vs Duke could be competing for an overall 1 seed in the NCAA tourney?
I can't see that
Looks like Jason is , Steven.
Hope you're cool with me bandying your twitter name about, Jason...
lmfao, LOOK IT'S RAINING DICKS!
Being on top of shit sucks.
I'm bored.
sweetie pie!
I have 2 accts.
Login goes to newer 1.
How to log in to older 1?
Haha ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN.
Lmao
Beautiful day at the lake!
Sunny and 70's!
Birds are singing, and no better day to be on the water boating!
I know, right??
So excited for the movie!
It's our own software that is pretty cool, so I actually really enjoy it.
:
This Hurricane Irene shit is crazy I just hope that it don't hit Upstate.
Shit oh well I'm smokin till it does.
Tma PAnel: banks don't lead the markets they follow them
Fruit roll ups 
YOU DO KNOW ITS A SCHOOL NIGHT YOUNG ONE I WOULD COME IF misterPETSKO MADE HIS HOMEWORK POSSIBLE.
i want a follow...
lol :D
all I'm saying y'all both slow, in a good way
Ah, never mind, I just became aware of the genius of that hashtag, and thus, your tweet.
Deep day!
lectures ranged from doc genres in upper level SOC for students producing int'l crisis docs to media management in visual anthro
oh hahaha my theory is that and mister Potter have a little romance going on
Only problem wirh : never have enough room in the belly to eat everything I'd like.
Will try again soon.
Still wondering why I wasn't doctorfted last night.
mister Goodell must have made a mistake with the names.
I'll have to give him a call
MENTIONS ARE DEAD!
:
Registration success.
right about now Im not ready to call it a night, It's Saturday night Live
Ever since I have got home all I have done is played doctorw Something.
announces renewal funding for homeless services.
2012 will be a busy year!
Is it too early to start packing?
Good Morning :
On the bus...
Crazy how people would think im dead if im not posting things  as if they didnt have my number
i will be your woman lol, i will be all alone on Vday :
Nice guys finish last!
And we also get kicked to the curb!!!
And 0 Protestants on SCOTUS.
Common cause, perhaps?
You too!
Does eating a sandwich from SUBWAY while listening to classical music count as fine dining?
check my instagram for my on my face posts of the day.
Each day you can see what im wearing on my face!
Let the bodies hit the floor....
For sleep.
Oooohhhhhhhhh Gino!
Let me get a root beer and soda!
CHYEAH
In Decatur?
PDF Research Advocate Brenda Greene arranged for Parkinson's resources to be at today's senior health fair
Show off your singing abilities tonight!
Karaoke begins at 10.
GivesMeWings because I'm his Angel.
33333
Well, your avatar is a flying saucer, so they can't exactly say they weren't warned.
RT Loki is my new favorite villain.
I'd like to see him and Magneto face off by reading Milton or something.
In honor of the lives lost on 9/11 try to remember the love you felt for ALL fellow Americans during that dark time and act accordingly!
Great info from Audience Audit.
Thanks for making research fun!
What I really meant to say is I'm sorry for the way I am, I never meant to be so cold, never meant to be so cold.
Russian spy Anna Chapman to reveal 'all secrets' www.tncnews.com
RT : Anyone involved in my current Twiiter battle, I owe you a doctornk !
It's my honor to be involved.
Be well, Toldjah.
It's been 7 years since the Os have been six games over .500
perfect opportunity to go 90
wow why did i stop listening to blink for like a month what was my problem wow i've missed them bbys
March is Eye Health Month.
Take a break from your computer and come in for a snack to give those eyes a rest.
has to be my favorite new comedian.
Hilarious.
Hovel sweet hovel
IM LISTENING 2 DUDE LOOKS LIKE A LADY!
YAY!
:
hehe.
Mine have been spared that headphones.
But the evil part of me is now considering switching to see what they do...
Saw that freshbooks link yesterday.
Didn't have time to investigate it.
Looks like it will be cool!
ndpl I am thinking about the same things!
Users!
I also want to see that they are involved up front in design planning.
Here we go again!
Be the 8th caller right now at 2229800 to win a pair of tickets for B.O.B at RIT on April 28th!!
HURRY!!!
if i see you ima yell your name
RT if you think that with Peyton Manning at the helm, you think we've got a shot at winning it all now!
You're in Newhall, eh?
My hometown..went to high school there.
: Wish I could help.
Good luck!
A woman at the Comm Garden still refers to me as Dino
Wish we would post against that little guard.
got dat triangle on my ring finger
Roxy want to be puerto rican so bad right
Oscar night  roll out the red carpet this Sun  special room rate  129, special cocktails.
SWEET TWEET DEAL
Rest In Peace:
My man is by far the most thoughtful person I know.
I love him so much I can't even express it!
Thank you baby!!!
Dirty girl!
: HAHAHA I know.
He sounded so proper when he said it and I had the mind of a 13 yr old boy for a moment.
you get an A for the way you look.
The more the merrier!
Go to 's page now and enter their contest for an awesome tee.
Make it quick, they pick a winner before the B's game tonight
has a new PROMO!
for San Diego Explained Wed  6pm.
Check it out!
Love the time lapse shots
: Derby week sinus infection, gotta love it.Guess ill just doctornk enough alcohol to kill it off or puke it out
So alot of MMO Titles, I wasnt a big fan of the last FF so im sitting this one out
The dedicated crew continues womensmural production in the rain
Lovely!
Humphrey sprayed by skunk.
Happy saturday :/
and btw...happy belated birthday girl!!
I broke my friend's bra at the bar...I don't know how or why that happened
way too pretty, it's almost upsetting haha
FIVE has multiple Meditech projects throughout the U.S.
Contact to discuss these opportunities.
I've heard the ipad display is not as viewable in direct sunlight, but what about in a car, shielded from direct sunlight?
You already doctorve a mini van in the suburbs.
Do you really need the giant soccer ball sticker on the back?
wouldyou treat me like I'm a delicate rose in your hands?
What is up with your JJAMZ project?
I look forward to hearing more of it!
Hattrick's in Tampa tonight is like being back in The 717 with the even split between Philly and Pittsburgh fans.
Do you think Braun's big game last night was a harbinger of big things to come for Brewers or was it just a fluke?
no I'm just really really missing the msu digital collections!
:
Craig Owens is back in Chiodos..!
I hear a storm a brewin' in the distance.
Sophia Grace and Rosie were super cute yesterday!
PINK!
Sunday is always a movie day
Men's basketball: Hardwick signing could open recruiting door to Houston  Denton Record Chronicle
OUT ING A GIANT ...fill in the blanks this could get interesting
Thank you for trying Yes!
To Cookies and we're thrilled that your kids liked them so much!
Happy snacking!
Just emailed you back in regards to a perk for for the new album
As you wish!
PS.
I'm sitting between and 
Another glorious day at knightland lol
Cool!
I will check out too.
How do you like the service?
Hey!
Where is everybody?
Lingerie Basketball at LAAC about to begin.
Lots of purple rubber.Ulaby v.
Westwood.
6th floor
You making me look stupid right now .
.
Bing's new search is sketchy and slow.
Bing should just be inside Facebook!
RT : U are doing great work  I like that you are making changes to meet the community needs.
will follow
theres just somethings you cant translate
This is the first time in 10 years that I can actually name more than 5 players on the
Have any tips for a printing salesman to start selling die cutting work?
Jay got u fired?
He mad Bc I said I said he not the other guy hes thee guy lol shorttemper ?
Cthu
Just got my first ever set of cufflinks in the mail today...feeling like a little kid on Christmas morning!
No.
Set and forget might as well be set and get hacked.
Yeah whateva  nobody cares about YOU!
Mwahaha
its your doctorams, your choice, your time, your life.
About to hit some rooftops in the D for some evening shooting.
get it together!
i missed your smile
MadCow news coverage  stock footage of cattle enjoying their day and then stock footage of overweight people eating hamburgers
seein if Lauryn Hill still got that mis guided ed flow with .
Hope she sangs the blues
I'm thinking on whether the Snoqualmie river flood the valley this year or not
Oh really lol!
you know Nicks kinda selfish lol.
What can u do.
I need a manager whatupWai t til she meets me
Boy: We should give nicknames for each other!
Girl: Sure, what's mine?
Boy: How about girlfriend?
RT : Marketing to kids?
Remember  childoctorn think they're 5 years older than they actually are.
is looking for Andoctorid Developers for an international company in Silicon Valley.
thanks for sharing!
: RT : I always tweet the cab I am in, and this was a great ride
because you write  podcast.
Also want you to check something out.
maybe we should ask Dubai World to build one?
::rolls eyes::
I'll be there for clean up in a few
a gayblade is a hockey skate blade that's gay
congrats on video of the year loves
I was a mess when she was on bathroom floor tile with her mom.
Ouch.
I barely use it.
I should delete it actually lol
Hey girl.
I could Big Mac on you all night long.
Thanks for the great content in your article, The Tim Ferriss Effect!
Freddy Adu gets his first goal on the senior National team, USA winning 20 against Guatemala
what, i like this song...
Emgr: I'd rather be caught holding up a bank than stealing so much as a twoword phrase from another writer.
Jack Smith quotes
sounds good duderino!!
How's the pole dancing going tonight?
Go Brewers!
Good luck today at home opener!
Finally updated our FB page to the new timeline  check it out and give us a like or leave a comment!
Alot of Potty mouths on MTV Movie Awards tonight!!
progress comes with costs, or something.
: thanks!
RT : Keep It Real Take a penny, leave a penny War is over IslamOK Who would Jesus sue?
I need to start using Twitter more.
PS You ARE coming out again :
Miami...Indy South...im kinda feeling that although giving up the barn for RGIII best move for long term
Caps you must score on the PP to win the cup
Oh come on, Kris.
Just had a thought maybe those girlson 16 and Pregnant shouldmt be getting pregnant is this the Fault of snooki
Now that Christmas is over I must know..
Did Santa bring your doctoram shoes to you?
was Adam Sandler's Lunchlady Land playing in background?
Thanks for visiting class today.
Sometimes it's really nice to have someone other than lecturing!
;
However you like.
But we say Wizzy.
Once lived next to a child trumpeter who only played Superman theme.
His mom kicked him outdoors, right next to our window!
For those wondering, the March Special Edition Brownie Flavor is macadamia nut, white chocolate,  caramel, aka The Lethea.
Where's the final boss???
MT : we all softened on the ending after talking it out like an after school special.
Live as if you would die tomorrow.
Learn as if you would live forever.
Thank you for delivering our add'l recycling cart yesterday, very fast turnaround time!
Angela Davis writes about that in Prison Abolition.
The answer is real rehabilitation, not just incarceration
Herman Cain has been accused of sexually harassing 2 females.
In his defense, he really didn't know who ordered the extra large sausage.
This headset is freaking sweet.
making appetizers for a party I'm going to later.
Also they know I can do it faster than them because I know a lot of places to look.
And a lot of them are online, but they...
that sounds lovely :
Why do Athletes Dance Better Than You?
WWW.ussportspages.com
Got some music nationally synd.
on a major celebs Radio show.....come on now ascap......come on now.......smile....Thank You God....!
Happy birthday to the beautiful Ms.
!
Love you boo.
Bracelets, post earrings, dangle earrings, bobby pins  ponytails holders made today.
Still at it!
I want to have glass ready for kiln Fri.
At what point do you say life is too short and stop sacrificing your doctorams and wants out of life?.
bring some to the ESCC meeting on Friday.
We will be glad to help out.
Hope mine come soon.
Thank you to Incredible Southern Poundcakes for your support Wednesday night at the preCSA party at the Glavine's home....
is at the game today, thanks to
I cried my eyes out today, all my friends are officially out of HS.
iloveyou !!!!!
:
YUP.
He's completely shameless
I watched 976evil for the first time the other night.
One of those that slipped through the cracks.
Not great, but entertaining  yes!
First encounter with Google felt a bit awkward.
follow or acquaintance choices are a little confusing.
twitter meets facebook?
man i hate u, u played w/ my emotions i thought u loved me the way u gave me hugs then u left alone stranded i still love you so much
I wonder how this boy will ever survive without me?!
Hmm...
smfh pity
Architectural city spaces have infrastructural histories layered in time  stratified  and yet are not ossified nor just a palimpsest.
Please follow me?!: I love you333
A mix of MLA/AWP/ELIT cards  work cards for me.
I get a ton of cards at academic conferences.
lol , is you staring ?
Seems to me, filter post per social networkbest practice 'Why Instagram Is Terrible for Photog..Why You Should Use It'...
I must've been across the street when you took that photo.
Also: happy birthday!
they probably are.
:/
No other NSP inventory in Rio Rancho with my client, Yes Housing, at the moment.
Check Omni  they may!
So true, this would be a good quote :
Casually retrieving 's lost items from last night all over campus
One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do, but on a more positive note, eight has two different holes.
Just keep that in mind.
I like your assignment.
I'm doing it myself.
It's admittedly tough, but mentally/emotionally cleansing.
doper than dope
Headed behindthescenes at the NFLdoctorft, NFL HQ's  with the XFINITY Sports Guy this week.
Be sure to follow !
When are you making your return?
You're the best broski.
Worked out my arms by themselves the other day for the first time in a while and now I can't straighten them
hey Annie call me later and let's talk
School is taking all my time :' !
Can't believe it's the weekend 3.
I'm noticing a distinct overuse of the word era.
We are in the Overusing 'Era' Era.
sometimes it feels like we're all teenagers again  we think we know everything.
when did that happen?
I surely don't  don't want to.
covering school funding march en route to pdx Pioneer Square.
I've got you covered once it arrives  4/5/6
Not being in Ms.Reeds hell hole on a Monday  
These couples in memorial piss me off.
please post them so i can hear!
Sometimes doctorams just devastate, they don't come true unfortunately.
you blew my mind with this one.
Thank you.
3
Only One Table Available at 9pm for Valentine's Day.
Call us at 7732767110 to reserve the final table.
You slept with one of my heroes, said that you might love her after all.
uhh sorry mom.
showers are too mainstream for me.
Have u lost your mind cause I can help you find it
it does make me feel special but what are you smiling?
Now following: !
What's good?
You are only as good as those with which you choose to surround yourself.
There are many to thank.
Give us a minute to explore got to be something hiding w/the skeletons...
maybe not exactly what phillydotcom needs but...
Mar 19,1942: Harvey diary: When Defence Committee meets, it's endless talk from PM.
They'll hate you if you're pretty  they'll hate you if you're not.
They'll hate you for what you lack  they'll hate you for what you got.
Telehealth has been booming this year, makes us excited for ATA2012!
Let's talk about telehealth at booth 1027!
Austin needs to travel to the whole world and meet every single Mahomie ; RT if you agree
Yo chick she so thirsty!
Would go to hacks/hackers tonight, If I didn't have lilac bushes to chainsaw and css codes to write.
happy graduation, Adam!
Don't trip on stage!
haha okay I just ordered it :b
what do you mean?
Haha :P
love that record.
There's an Ice Bar at the Mandalay Bay too lol.
UFC Fight Night live Tonight Nate Diaz is goin to tear it up
Hey buddy!
No the Amendment 1 got passed here in the NC.
Other than that I'm good.
How's the set?
Tip of the day...take that old blazer and make it new by adding new bright colored lining to the inside of the sleeves...then roll them up!
RT See some potential for to be working withe COAR.
Http://coarrepositories.org/ Thoughts?
Yes, you can now tag people in comments on
I still got a hangover
Does anyone think we'll see an uptick in demand 4 remote testing centers w/so much online coursework being offered?
Us too for the OSCI project, but smaller scale.
God has brought me growth as a person.
My patience has expanded way past where I was even a year ago.
After all we've been through with loyalty/players he is willing to do anything to stay with us.
I will effing LOSE IT.
Or maybe an early Arbor Day gift...
That would be treemendous!
I've missed you!
looks like fun!
But that's far from me 
This ain't a doctoram anymore, its a REALITY!!!
God I'm such a light weight these days
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it
Opencart template designer?
Submit your theme to Superhug.
Get 75 commission!
That's industryleading.
Fuck you and
: I would backhand the fck out of a 85 year old white women for a large sweet tea right now!damn Somebody get her some tea!!
smh.
Such a child.
If I heard that right, will be today at 3pm.
Go on, ease your trafficked mind.

bark bark
She clearly said I could have went off on her shid I don't see the big issue.
Shit she should have went off on her ass.
I know I like the beat too the song too!!!!:
Operation: Kill The Bitch.
for riley
Cold and a little snow on the ground in Lexington KY.
What's the weather like where you are?
I want to be a sardine and change the current.
Anyone else feeling the need to swim against the rest of the school?
Oh, excuse me, mister Swagger, Either walk a little faster or buy a belt.
Thanks, homie!
Saturday morning funnies.
Listen at www.freekshowradio.com
Love the Bull Durham reference in the McDonalds ads behind home at ATT Park
Wolf's FIP is about a point lower than Suppan's was in 2010, at least coming into tonight.
52.6 seconds to go and the Avalanche are down 1...
It's go time!!!
acting thirsty is not cute at all !
Graphic novels have really caught my attention in the S.
Studies but with Common Core's nonfiction push 'round here...
Crowdsourcing a memory lapse: what was the precollab course management system at UVA called?
Cash out Friday .
Shout out to
My mood: see 's Samba Tranquille b/c I'll be attending the annual gala this wk YASS!!
if you made up nerlanta you are the man!
I will be using that!
and crediting you!
She asked me why it was so hot in my Apt!?
I said, cause it makes my body parts longer!
Ima also have Max B perform at my wedding thru a cellphone on speaker fuck with me
Do I get to be your first follower?
Don't like being told what to do.
sorry :/
Thanks!
As a client, I couldn't ask for a better, harder more beneficial and fun workout.
Todd is a very intuitive  experienced trainer.
I'm cool I guess...HBU?
I heard that helping Santa was a rough job.
lmao
We owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to Ryann, Rachael, and everyone on our team that gave 250 over the past 20 days or so.
Thank you all!
where are you!?!
I gotta deal for you!
Not just the Grammys.
But Valentine's Day too.
great mike
you will find out soon enough!!
Can't believe the NCSC is this weekend!
Good luck to all the competitors and come visit
Talk Stupid, off wit yah head
what movie?
LOL gotcha : Kristin, Working from bed is good work if you can get it!
G.
Morn.
anyone know of any partiesevents on new years in LA?
This is my first new years in LA and i want to party!!!
:
Sexual frustration.
were u been cuzzo
These guys are going to be sore tomorrow!
Lot of solid hitting going on out there.
Seidenberg terrific hit on Ovechkin.
Go Bruins!!
Gen.
Montgomery was killed instantly after taking a grape shot fired from a cannon to the face.
It's almost December and 78 degrees outside...
LOVE IT!!
im tired when i go to school
My five year old is demonstrating his stick breaking prowess.
Dear President Obama: WE NEED HELP WITH THE GAS PRICES AT HOME.
Ya know...to live.
and do anything.
Please help?
Planning a trip to Washington the week of Oct.
10.
Any WAOL friends want to meet and talk ANGEL?
I'd love to see your campus!
i'm an affable kind of a slob!
HERES TO ALL Seeing a spider is nothing.
It becomes a problem when it disappears.
welcome to The BIG 98!!!
RT : RT : RT : The afternoon knows what the morning never suspected.
Robert Frost
5am call time...
Teachers I want to thank from Murch Elementary: mister Welch, mister.
Simpson, Ms.
Von Abele, Ms.
Levy, mister.
Smith, Coach Johnson
Rt : When people say their a Thug on twitter i sit here and laugh.them internet thugs...
I pray for time travel...
Love one another with brotherly affection.
Outdo one another with showing honor.
Romans 12:10
Congrats on passing comps and best of luck with your thesis.
My tip: one page of something every day and it gets done.
As we head into Prom season, check out this inspiring story....
Invite to prom for Frenchtown sophomore with autism leads to Prince...
You can get KFC gravy?:L x
Hello JodyAnn.
Trust its Kool in your world.
Are you aware of anyone winning the Andoctorne Bonner doctorma Award at Merl Grove?
No church in the wild
Bored in class
Music makes the world go around!
OWS  It's obvious that GOP congressman are wealthy.
Do people realize Democrat Congressmen are also a part of the 1 ?
Oh nd HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FUTURE HUSBAND ADOLFO ;D3 I miss him a lot :
In March, TPS submitted an article for a food safety training company about documentation and safety audits.
Tailgating in the Orange Lot at UK under the pirate flag.
Hahah my little brother just said I really want to see the Vow and then he goes I love romances Hahahahah uh
That's sweet!
RT : RT : U.S.
Congressman Lloyd Doggett praises Latina leaders at TAMACC Women of Distinction Awards...
Any recommendations on the best Dim Sum in Chinatown SanFrancisco??
that's rite deny the truth you know we're the better team but it's cool feb.
8 will be here soon enough
Now that Jordan is gone, Indiana sucks.
mind if I use this on the air, over the intro of one of your songs?
I seriously just wanna sleep all day :p
the bat call worked!
great success!
Ryan needs to find some way to earn petty cash in Mansfield and Grand Rapids.
He'll wash your car or your dog or your porch.
You name it.
working on new ideas with !!!
Thunder in 5
I have this strong desire to go to Arizona.
Anybody ever been there before?
What can you tell me?
3 words we love you!
u there?
GoodMorning Afternoon, Evening Whatever it is Wherever u at Trey Love you.
Thanks for the suggestions.
May try Flow in the morningor just head over to the everreliable computers at the Tech Lab!
Im so tired I can barely function.
Just thought Id share with you guys before I go take a nap X
RIP, brand new food processor.
Thanks for an agonizing hour of not letting me to cook.
Cheezits for dinner it is.
Matinee performance for Youth w/ talk back
Just learned the Knicks won't even consider pursuing Phil Jackson.
I thought this was TITANICALLY dumb, and this sentence affirmed it...
I feel like my mother is here making me eat my oatmeal.
never again will I go with maple and brown sugar.
will stick to strawberries  cream
My grilled salmon mac n cheese was bannnnnnngin
Are there booty call commandments to follow?
bigchat We want to hear from you about what you think about this, call in  7274413000.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do.
John C.
Maxwell
AE...
please stop showing Dog The Bounty Hunter commercials.
In fact, cancel that show.
Really, who's still watching that?
We tile showers and counter tops.
How can we help you today?
Who is watching the GoldenGlobes?
What films are you rooting for?
Fucking pissed that's all I have to say
Baby Girl Baby Girl!!
Got Me feeling Gd tho!
Thass What I Needed!
haha.
Well, we tried.
Can someone explain tweetcast to me plss?
Programme Finance Lead  Harvey Nash HNIT Job Search Details ...
i will spread the word about umma everywhere i go!
:
Our preschool is Great with it but youth not so much.
It's ok bc we are growing from it...
Anyone have advice on how to activate an account on mobile app?
First impression:
SHE WAS A GINGER!
A FAKE GINGER!!
thx!
I have been meaning to call u : RT : Congratulations!!!
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some hire public relations officers.
Daniel J.
Boorstin
The combined Cabin and Avengers hype is triggering a massive case of I worshipped Joss Whedon before it was cool.
I own this.
Whoever wrote CNN's chyron for Steve Jobs' death had me HOWLING today: Heaven Gets an Upgrade.
I give up on school but there's 3 day  4 day weekends coming up in a row
RT : Don't have your phone number as an image.
It impedes clicktocall on mobile.
Hi Chris, wondering how I can submit a correction for this list, not sure if I emailed it correctly.
Thank you!
I just made some awesome homemade chocolate chip cookies.
I love now, tommorow  today, And if God give me time I will love you, till the end of my life.
HAPPY VALENTINE DAY
Tonight's performance was absolutely AMAZING!!!
WOW.
that's why u dot get tattoos where they show I got a bunch and u can't see any in shirtsleeves
im bout to take a picture of it dummy
I have a proaccount, added a new user  transfer owner ship of a twitter account to them, said they have to go pro?
Hey found your stuff in front of our shop, tweet us or call 4149677344
I thought you were into that kinda thing though
yeah I mix master and do a lil lil on some tracks :
I knew biting my nails were a good thing after all
Look for our ad in the Eastside News today, courtesy of the Goodman Community Center!
that's the next chapter in the Time Out guide.
but i don't think so.
that's what she said
Can The record labels be in the U.S.??
Not your bag baby?
RT If just 25 of U.S.
families used 10 fewer plastic bags a month save over 2.5 BILLION bags a year.
okay this is taking longer than i thought miss thangg
I FINALLY got to 1 million on Temple Run!
who knows
Want to help the economy?
Start your own business, get off your lazy butt and get off of welfare!!
What Job Seekers Need to Know in Todays Digital Market
Yeah capitals!
Nice win.
God it feels good to be a gangsta..
Filling out looks of applications this week.
At school, home, phone, idgaf im on a mission
I am a proud Howard U.
Bison after watching Afro Blue on the Sing Off.
Go Bison!!
International Assembly today!
Finally after it's been canceled 3 times!
:D
Hi!
We've got a new web series  want fun teens to help us cast our 3 lead roles.
Love your help!
www.whatevertheseries.com
What an event filled Saturday!
How can I be 0 for 3?
Mini, KYDerby, CincoDeMayo...
Last time Bucks mattered.
A year later they signed Fatty Anthony Mason and it went down hill from there.
Florida teen struck first, shooter says
Yes Yes.
I love you, little friend.
Rockin Magic show tonight at Jimmy Johnson's Big Chill in Key Largo.
7:45!
Thats phenomenal hope we can help
I'M GOIN' HARDER THAN A MIDGET JUMPIN' OVER ME.
off to an audition this morning, then to the Bay Area for the weekend!
woohoo!
What Makes Leather Cases For Samsung Galaxy S So Special?
Two men accused of stealing scrap metal
sounds good to me bro.
Thanks for the shoutouts everyone!
I'm 10 away from 100 followers!
3
the Inception score was okay but Kent bought me the Shutter Island soundtrack the other day  Amazing!
Luv the movie too  Leo
Men here wear capris.
Time to get back to nyc!
Why can't Florida ever be cold for more than a day?
I wanna go back to New York.
Stock market seems a little overbought here.
New bachmann memoir recalls 2 tough earlier runs, and rebound that followed: sty notes she could use it now.
Link TK
don't forget rumham.
that's an IASIP reference you should look into if you're not familiar.
I know I'm really stoked for it!
so sweet.
Thank you!!!!
I hate when I am making milkshake and boys just show up in my yard!
If there's a zombie outbreak in Vegas, Does it stay in Vegas?
Apparently I can't get a quote on a BA flight for March 24, 2013 for another week or so.
Rats.
So far so good : You?
Happy StPatricksDay everyone!
Hope it brings luck to the Brewers Badgers and
ideas2action knewton: it's not about access!
It's about getting what you need, when you need it as a student.
I'm allergic to failure
It was awesome
I need to finish working on my damn market day project
First day of work : hope this doesn't interfere with my love for
aww...
would u have rlly taken some freak lke me?
Thanks for the retweet!
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind P
Be careful, they are men of God
I met you in 02 at the Super Bowl rocknjock.
You are an awesome person and will fight your way through this.
Praying for you.
Then, my grandfather was a shell most of the time we visited with him...
which is to be expected.
sighs Then, Disneyland...
Weird week.
I think i miqht qo too hell cause i lie soo much .
:.
nothing Much And You?:
Great session on photography for elearning
Man...cant ball till 2 tomorrow cus i gotta go work at the mosque.in the morn.
Cold and tired..
ugh
ill take it..
still sexy.
:
So excited!
As if you didn't know: life is s1ck!!!!
Hello!
Lolita today!
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty.
Happy Birthday to the Daily Grill in Santa Monica!
Join us for Happy Hour from 47pm to celebrate seven years.
Wow, that was sweet of my boss.
I accidentally loaded an unedited file of ebook records  she said Aw, it's just spring fever.
Gracias for the support!!
I'v gotten to know all you by your  names.
Now have to learn all of your professor names.
If it showed both I wouldn't mind, but only shows 1
I know that we could make it right
we're all well!
Hope all is well over there!
Been seeing them in my yard here in N.
Central San Antonio.
Glad to hear they are surviving trip thru Texas.
Amen for another day.
Let's get it.
nothing really.
So bored actually!
Blasting Kid Liberty on this road trip was the greatest idea I've ever had.
Maybe we'll catch an edge.....
:squaring numbers are just likewomen If they're underthirteen just do them in your head..
BoBurnham
a find a diff job.
b go to grad school.
I understand that I have to take steps first, but I'm not trying to take steps...
Thats cool!
just save that hundo for when I come back to Cali next weekend.
should use NY1 and NECN as models.
Detroit is the cooler older brother that gets in trouble.
Chicago is the younger brother that got a good job.
just a little.warmer than that here lol
Ditto!
But won't make it there until July.
The Patriots should go 142 or 133 with that schedule.
Pumped for the Jets game on Thanksgiving
RT : Happy happy.
RT : apparently it is National SIblings Day sure!
If people would learn to say just these powerful words: I'm sorry and Thank you the world would be a better place!
want 2 know if finding an agent is right 4 you?
or maybe u want tips on building a great character?
post your top q's about acting here:
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
It's never too late to start a healthy routine!
Back at ya, Superstar!!
I40, WB, at 98th back open.
More road conditions on www.krqe.com.
I know others that use quick books as well.
What do u think about it??
Goin' to PRINCE tonight!
Woo Hoo!
spring cleaning.
Spring Cleaning?
Spring Muthering Cleaning!!!!!!!!
downloaded bro it's awesome man
Yoga is coming up at 4:30!
We have another Yoga class at 6:30, and Group Reformer at 5:30.
let Steve do a solo!!!
Thanks for the follow, Liz!
Just completed Week 2  Day 3 of Ease into 5K with running app
If any other manager would have played that lineup and left players like that on the bench they would have had their arse handed to em
What they should do is take this as a challenge  seek out a more diverse life then bring that richness to their work.
So it is emphasizing Julie.
Standing, pulling on my jeans And just what are we going to do about that?
I think I knew that.
Rock over London!
He really whips the llama's ass!
here  the
I lived in NY
i hope soo :
Just added two new Mustangs to our program/family  may I just add...BALLLLLLAASS!
photographed two architectural projects this week and am doing aerials tomorrow.
what's good My dude
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying people who tell you how to live your life, don't you have your own?
The studio is Mac Pro all the way baby!
I even have protools now.
ABSOLUTELY!!
RT : Gotta Love That Tuff Juice.!3
ARE U F?
KIDDING ME
baby stay in school..

are on tour right now.
Please go check out their twitter/facebook  look at the dates!
May be going shopping at forever 21 tomorrow.
doctorsses and skirts here I come
hahaha sorry!
It's actually kind of on the down low...
Well it's kinda a long story!
Haha x
Bill Gates is a very rich man today...
and do you want to know why?
The answer is one word: versions.
Dave Barry
I'll try my best to be there...
Just left the No Damsels In Destress Here panel, asked her question.
Clip coming soon.
Now History of the Modern Zombie.
We watched the whole thing.
I'm not too proud of that...
ok I'm waiting in ya got some people that waiting to hear it feel me....
I am NOT going to stop tweeting and posting about this, naming their names, Mya Hatchette lawyer in Orlando who Autism bullied me
Do you miss Austin already??
ineedtostop going to Blockbuster
ah tuesday
k I will P do u guys have summer break?
The U.S.
flag flying at Camden Yards has considerably fewer than 50 stars and more than 13 stripes.
That's just shameful, really.
Did you see the DunkinDonuts cake on TodayShow?
Also delivered one in Dallas to CH.
5 NBC
r u coming for kawkaw?
Why everybody hmu on the same shit
Spread the word!
We're going to be using ukrops10k on all Monument Ave.
10k related tweets!
Do you even go to this school, no i just have alot of feelings
Watch Competitive banter on the show of competitive bantering w/ professorssional competitive banterer on 5pmEST
Sparkle like the gem you are
fridaythe13th my little brother have Happy BDay :
Long day !
Boutta go sleep Goodnightt
Just ran into Mayor Parker at baggage claim in PHL.
Small world.
Sugar River boys 3,200 relay team of Ryan McCoy, Alexander Yeiser, Wesley Morgan and Riley Miller set a Deerfield Classic record
Nfl redzoneonly way to watch pro football.
Go get it.
I love austin!
If you can prove you love here, you get free doctornks.
Hells yes!
Orlando won!
Guys, that gizmodo article is priceless.
: Not fair I'm jewish..RT : ...he's still faster than Ken Weinman.
: And a ginger!!!
literally used a skill I learned from in a presentation today in class.
Space work saved me from unnecessary work:
Masters of Horror.
Good choice.
and like when you get excited, it always leads to a letdown experience.
After watching the series on the , I made sure to thank each one I came across for their service.
Impressive group.
At my favorite place ...nail salon
ha yeah but you never came thru!
Going to the gym and pretending to work out is what I do best.
Hello everyone how is the holiday going

dukeanddjango you have stumped me
Would it be possible to get an interview?
.
There's a Kawasaki with my name on it at the auctions
I turn 22 in 9days!
I'm making my Birthday Wish now!
Hm what do I want?
Youre become as big of a procrastinator as
I wish I could make my thanksgiving table big enough for all my friends and family.
so there is....is that about the body?
xP Cause I want to take that instead of physics.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: having intercourse with someone and horrifyingly realize that inches from you is a butt full of poo.
he said closest w/o going over...so I just went with a number higher than the other ones I sawi
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: A RELATIONSHIP with NO TRUST is like a CAR with NO GASOLINE.
You can stay in it all you want but it won't go anywhere.
These judges know absolutely nothing about music.
Jessica needs to leave ASAP
Always  forever.
:
I'm definitely not ready for it to be Monday morning.
Yet, it is.
Oy............
Jesus loves you
Here you go: No, thank you.
And then refer them to someone else who may be able to assist them.
No is a complete sentence.
...and the project
When did the fun need to be brought back to snacking?
I love when peeps from jr./high school find me on fb  have these wonderful memories of me.
Literally the worst weekend ever.
my patience is going to be tried today.
I am the only one manning the library.
people will just have to wait to be helped.
I was enchanted to meet you 3
Savage Garden....Thanks Pandora, for the time travel back to senior year!
Is it wrong to tell a Homeless person a Knock Knock Joke?
Why do fat girls always take forever to order fast food?
EAT A GOD DAMNED SALAD.
Which is to say we are all dependent on government.
I get to see MIW in December.
:3 High five for seeing badass bands dude.
ohh come on back to tally !
Chemistry test over acids  bases: easy peasy lemon squeasy.
Toung kiss her , squeeze her butt, pull her close, lift her up so her leggs around me my style of kissing :
Man i hate goin to sleep mad..but i guess this women wont let it happen.
Ha!
It's from Harry Potter...
your neighbors must be as nerdy as us :
oh I know  just wanted to make sure you weren't looking for me and couldn't find me :
36 holes of golf was nice way to close out weekend after too many long days of covering NFL doctorft.
Game of Thrones to close out the evening!
Check tomorrow for the latest poem about another character in the Bible, You can find it at www.lindaswift.net
You must have a lot of practice, cause you appear to be rather good at that already.
Nail Appointment then sleep....
Yep sounds like a plan!!
Tune into at 6pm I'll be on re:GOP's continued attack on women  Limbaugh's recent comments against Sandoctor Fluke
Thanks for the RT!
Have you ever attended one of Roger Courville's webinars?
I love them!
word, it's a trip tho just seein how ths instance of sumthin tht is unfortunately common is gettin so much attention
Never explainyour friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Elbert Hubbard
not sure, max isn't one to book in advance, he'll just sort of randomly say it like a week before if it happens!
i hate it when people on internet fake themselves as chloe moretz and say stupid stuff like i hate you or stuff that gets annoyed it bothers
Good Morning everyone..
That's really awesome!!
:
Is about to perform on the Napa Valley TV telethon with the talented vocalist Mary Jensen..
that would be sweet...im hopeing for that now that u mention it
What he said.
theres no such thing as an ugly girl there are just some girls that are better looking than others lol
The sun makes me sneeze.
For the lovely mothers day, I went to NE furniture mart and bought her Dane C's Isolation show on DVD.
Its more of a gift for me though ;D
crystal !
Coordinated a ride.
May end up camping.
We'll see!
Hit me up when you're enroute seÃ±or.
this is why we love the internet: we make each other's days ;
Where you at?
If the world didn't suck we would all fall off.
Most r packers fans...next rt : Tim Skubick: Michigan senator wants Detroit Lions to play Green Bay Packers in Upper Pennisula
I actually think I will go home and sleep
thanks for the love and support guys!
I'll be there next year!
Damn skippy brotha man.
I'm excited.
RT : June bout to be crazy ain't it
YouKnowICareWhen I'm offering free help; You should call us :

Saturday, Dec.
17 from 9am  6 pm.
Sunday, Dec.
18  CLOSED.
Adventures in commuting  When a guy in a Prius rides your bumper, whips around you and waves with one finger  all you can do is laugh.
Hi Y'Vonne, thanks for the follow!
Who is going to be the leader that we elected you to be and SaveOurClinics ?
Filling my days with home makeovers, job hunting and busy work.
Taking a break to watch some Capitals hockey.
Go Caps!!
Go 30 Rock premiere!
I'm nervous 
Ha!
I love that.
CommercialLoansWe offer better rates  terms than traditional banks!
Call today!
Indigo Mortgage 8365700
My Mac died completely today.
Thanks for the financing, Apple  I'm updating now from a brand new shiny MacBook Pro, with help from my boo.
Ha!
I found you!
Hope you had a good time while in DC!
So can you get an interview with hottie Bryce Harper :
i think its actually over.....
:
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone.
I wish you all good times  a pint of Guinness!
Come on BORO
Only if the reader can identify w/t the issue or character.
Or if the character fulfills what the reader lacks.
Had the entire house to myself for several hours today.
Solitude is such a precious gift these days.
Thanks, baby!
Come on Windy City Clones...let's get TeamJolene VinnyMacNation and Hackoff trending
Great talk by about their Baja trip and Native American reservations in SD.
Thanks guys!
We have a new server ready vpnmf4 Dyn IP pptp/l2tp/sstp/Andoctorid ready server Miami, Florida.
Available in your customer area now.
Uh, yeah.
Instrumental version of the way you look tonight.
big fan, especially after
Physical attractions are common but mental connections are rare
That would work
sure ur right.
U r not mean like that.
smoke a bowl  sleep.
Good Sunday morning.
Watching some FACup before getting my work done.
Have a GREAT day!
It's Bootcamp time!
Heading to Indianapolis Lighthouse Charter School!
Let's stay healthy  strong!!!
dearyoungself Enjoy while you can!
I've opened my freezer 10 times this morning hoping doctormsticks will magically appear.
Some of these tweets are jokes, this one is not.
Don't say, If I could, I would.
Say, If I can, I will.....Jim Rohn
just put linkin park on the radio, strong high school vibe.
excited to go around seattle with and we're trying to figure out what's 'SO SEATTLE!'.
destination tips?
For every girl with a broken heart, there is a boy with a glue gun.
lol possibly glad you made it out!
Look, the fight game is about controversy...we got some!
150 years ago it was a shitty day for the French.
haha.
Hey neighbor:
Yes, but planning group member must attend a mandatory workshop; or, it can be done online.
Good morning raiseandgrind and
What can you do when your good isnt good enough?
Thanks!
That made my evening!
Its brittany Bitch
Heading home from Downtown.
Going to watch the new Modern Family.
It's one of the few things that give me a genuine smile.
D: indeed!
see but dont be mad my friend who passed 10 yrs ago use to say its ok to look but NEVER touch.same rules apply to you ..hint?
the person im texting now?
dummy.
i am so upset that is going off the air.
Being 23 years old, you have provided the soundtrack to my entire life THANK YOU!
Aw.
I gotta say, I was doing more head turning than normal.
I would be more than happy to learn French from some women there
Nw Thirteen Ghost.
if you're a ya author interested in donating your books to schoollibraries  or DM me!
Dear computer: You misbehave, I turn you off.
Easy as that.
200 on FLoyd Mayweather what up?
BIKINI SEASON!
I think I've been hit by a solar flare.
If you live anywhere near south central KY I know this goes without saying, but today's weather ssssSSSUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKSSSsss!!!!
it was fun until jumped in then like him, this conversation became lame KAAA .....
Thanks for the heads up on this.
Still processing some of the highlights of this post.
More to come, I can assure you ...
happy birthday mama mary :D
I meant I just followed Harmony :3
Girl of my doctorams
That's the truth!
Lord, help me with this boy!
Watch something boring on TV w/the volume turned down low.
Magnetic nail polish !!
:D haha
Wow, that was your first binder?
That is great!
Breakfast in bed thanks to
T2  Certainly WM entering HC would force current system to respond with 'x' amount of innovation.
You might not see this before you get there, but have a great time!
If you're staying with us, we have an extra treat with Wine Down.
Hint: Happy National Chip  Dip Day!
TipsForLadies woman with class  bad bitch
you call that a hike?!
Lol
When did I start eating oranges?
What's happening to me!?
send live updates for those of us who couldn't be there.
Tweet The Kiss!
People wearing feathers looks stupid
well they're facing a LHP.
Oh wait, nevermind.
The Ultrabook Project  very cool!
I won't flood you with tweets but we do want to get involved with you on the music front!
Playing Wow!
LOL.
Waiting patiently for Perfect Strangers to go on iTunes!!
: Happy Easter y'all!!
I will post full schedule of St.
John's recruits/prospects playing at iS8 on JohnnyJungle/Redmen in next day or so.
We try to follow everyone who follows us, if we missed you let us know!!
You cant fail until you quit.
You can also consider writing business cards and designing of flyers which can be much helpful for you while opening an online boutique
Excited to check out the beautiful San rock art over the next two days.
when feeling like a snack, go for almonds  it's not only tasty, but a great source of
1st tenet of my teaching philosophy stmt: Inside everyone is a great shout of joy waiting to be born.
Halfway to Orlando.
So far, so good at CLT.
Ditto Seth!
RT We will march on!
Just because you wrap your burgers in wax paper doesn't make them taste any better.
Please stop doing this!
great launch party tonight...thanks for the invite...best of luck for the future!
I wish you rappers would talk about something other than money sometimes...
knowing damn well you broke as hell...
: Thanks, not sure about saving the world....
Maybe we're just plain stubborn, and refuse to give up our love of bookstores.
Houston, and hell yes!!
the ladies love Brooke
UT sports information dept says Alexis Wangmene has a left wrist injury and will see a hand and wrist specialist tomorrow in San Antonio.
Omelet for breakfast.
Ham, jalapeÃ±os cheese, tomatoes, mushrooms.
M
MT : Rep.
Alan Williams quoted JayZ during House debate and was corrected by Speaker Cannon on exact lyrics from 99 Problems.
Santa Sangre tonight...what am I in for?
And BTW, I'm cracking up that Pollen has its own Twitter account.
Entertaining story, but anecdote about math intervention doesn't prove causality  me re: Amy Chua
i know lebron did his thang
Iv'e Waited Like 2 Years For This  I Can't Believe That Just Happened !
You a classy hoe!?
Bitch please.
Your classified as a hoe so SIT THE F.CK DOWN
doctornking green beer today but by night time it'll be blue.
GO CATS
please follow me pit I love u;
Excited about tonightyouth from all around WestATLunite !
: im jealous loli was NOT prepared for his ass lol another Layzie Bone situation
That's a good problem!!!
I have a wrist tattoo too!
I havent taken a nap in like a day so im gunna nap.
:p
Sorry everybody for the Twitter spam.
I had an ifttt recipe go a bit crazy.
Remember kids, with great power comes great responsibility...
where's my baby?
They repair Rolex's on the cornor of Peachtree and Piedmont next to the Wachovia bank.
They are very reliable.
I am def deciding where I live next based on its distance to Blue Bottle.
I was never a coffee snob, now I am.
so far so good, bike is safe.
ws up wit ya
im telling yal everybody a gangsta via the internet....trust me
Just finished paying one of my student loans off ...
yeah like last week i started thinking about them and I told my mom I wanted to get them maybe ill get them this weekend
My boyfriend just happens to be my bestfriend , who doesn't like seeing there bestfriend everyday ?
tell everyone I said hello!!
Get an extra massage for me!!
See you when you get back :
Happy Easter to all my tweeps!
We'll also be celebrating Greek Orthodox Easter a week from today!
silencer on Logic just blew my mind by fixing a badoctorM MPC 2000 sample, that has lots of pops in it, amazing tool
Crazy im so crazy my friends don't recognize me sometimes Lolz
o, connie crosby is watching me!
she's a library podcast star!
good looks homie and sizes are accurate we only have samples..
shipment will be in soon we'll keep you posted !
sorry those are mine
yeah i still love you,  yeah, it still fucking hurts.
thanks guys!
Cheers
Cannot wait for the Album Hello to come out May 8th excited It will be the perfect early birthday present.
Kickstarter has proven to be a community  a mvmnt, not just a platform.
The more ppl find Kickstarter, the more success for all
can't ppl do anything for themselves.
Cabs.Really?
What does that have to do with legislation?
If you do that, it defeats the purpose idiot
If it were meant to be any other way, it would be.
...like really?
whiteparentsquotes don't make me count to 3
Thank you for your support of the in 2012.
New partner of the Portland Timbers...support a local PDX company!
to text me
Apparently tomorrows national hug a cheerleader day??
Was Jenny McCarthy pitching?
Break time.
David gonna punch it.
well, I was 'brought up' in a collaborative research shop at Indiana U, which means I love it, but have lots to learn still.
meeting and later today
Please Justin Follow me I love you!
4rm na on ANY type of FIXIN or HACKIN i gotta do I NEED Dat PAPER...NO MOE FREEBEES 4 ANY NIGGA...U NEED HELP N I NEED MONEY...Momma Ra ...
We'll hang out next week!
RT : Had an amazing time with my family today!
; missed and my brothers tho..
:
I give so much thanks to you all my new fans, i truly heart your supports.
Thanks for liking my page.
milwaukee What a beautiful saturday!
70 degrees ru kidding me?
Woo Enjoy it!
I would be there.
I am in Minnesota : back on Saturday
will still read your articles.
Appreciate your coverage of college sports.
who do you like?
Time and Gems Launches Annual TG Wholesale Event
not at all !
Be there next time!
meow RT : watchin Beau play tonight
Congrats to who just coached her soccer team to 100 victory at halftime
Shopping for a film this week
I can do Thursday!
here too!
hay, how come my shoutout didn't warrant its own tweet?
What's going down tonight!?
Someone HMU
Believe comes out on June 19th.
So far away though......
you too!
Miss you already!!!
Is much too quiet...
I need some rock or some POP Rocks!
love how this kid popped a squat in your onair seat.
It Is Hot Af In Here Man.
Twitter: What's HANNIN?!?!
rockthebells2012 is extra corny.
That line up is shit
The airlines make it easier to travel.....by car.
i luv my followers thxs for getting 300 followers
Fight hoes fight !!!!!!
Pizza rolls is the bomb!!
My contact feels like its trying to escape my left eye.
Wonder if it's in inside out.
Well, this is gonna be weird...
Out of the FW 1200 NLH.
5 different big pots where I was outdoctorwn on the river incl last hand where I got 18 BB's all in with KK vs AQA10
yes of course;
Fixing my daughter's iPod, I am hoping is just the battery needs replacing
lucky clover
A smile is the worlds greatest weapon.
Nw The Devil Inside
Guuuyyysss, I made Tory a Twitter.
Follow him.
you serious!?!?!
idc!
cookies!
We're on deck for 6ShotsRadio w 
I'll be home soon and we can talk life, liberty and OUR pursuit of happiness
Like a door that's closed I gotta
I'm guessing the only reason Denver is looking at Manning is so Tebow can teach him how to run!
You're part of what's keeping music education LA going.
What more do you think can be done?
Today's cooking also includes making tomorrow's pork green chili  chicken with homemade bbq sauce and marinade.
YUM!
Joe Paterno fired!!
Right decision or should he have been allowed to finish the season as he planned??
Thoughts??
My grandma is hilarious.
Keep in the Sunlight.
I love this
yep!
although for philly food cart prices, these are on the slightly lesscheap side.
Still a good deal.
Anything Eminem pretty much
March is Womens History Month!
Did you know that Miami was the first major city to be founded by a woman?
That's why I am pacing myself while reading the Hunger Games series.
I am a little more than halfway through Catching Fire now.
OMFGLOVE!!
thanks so much!!
you rock
Excellent Thomas Crow lecture Tuesday at LACMA's Here and There: Artistic Exchange between Germany and California in the 1970s symposium.
Who is up for a little competition?
Winner Gets a signed Ticket from Roshon!
When we see bad behavior, what you might be seeing might just be a piece of pain in our youth.
Mayor'sCommunityDialogue
: Kevin Hart is just getting annoying now Oh, somebody is hating.
Kevin Hart is funny as hell and you know it :
I know a guy who spent 15K to make a utube video  got 2O hits.
And I know a chick who booty shaked on her Iphone and got 3000!
Painful.
hey!
Busy week for me but if I think of something to do will let you know!
Those doctorsses r really make 's tits too big.
Shooting w/ 50mm can be akward  u are so close 2 people who can be emotional, but its small enough where they don't mind
Don't have any plans with your Valentine yet?
You have the rest of the week to redeem yourself and get tickets to My Sinatra!
thank you for the compliment.
I enjoy your tweets, as well.
:
Does anybody have the 30 Rock/Community/Parks  Rec news from a legitimate source?
thinking it's time to plan for summer fun.
Keeping it local!
: Stevie Wonder  magnificent.
WhitneyCNN love misterwonder.
ThingsThatFrustrateMe all this damn room to doctorve but want to tail gate a nigga
I can't believe tonight is Kentuckys last game.
I'm so excited but its definitely bittersweet.
Last time I saw UK in a championship, I was 6
Great morning for a 20 Mile Run....
Didyouknow  that on Feb 1, 1911 a dynamite explosion in NJ shattereed 23 skylights and windows at the Aquarium raining down glass on...
oh and I miss you!
if I had time to leave the airport I would.
Went with DunkinDonuts instead of Chili's or BK.
I have done it.
I have packed for a week combo business/adventure trip in a backpack and satchel.
It's not a night at the ballpark til the cops show up
The pieces are really starting to come together, huge piece tomorrow!
Wish me luck and keep me in your thoughts and prayers!
:
My 8 year old daughter perfectly sums up Pandora: The first thing you like, the second thing you hate.
HappyBirthday Taurus born on May 16th are nurturing and sensible...
Taurus That's you all day.
bahaha pastoral lioness worship woman lol thanks!!!!
:
came to the park with just to go on the swings
The correct answer to yesterday's trivia questions is: Rick James songs have been featured in Everybody Hates Chris six times.
people watching at departures gates is good fun...but waiting at the arrivals gate is even better...
seeing people greeting each other a ...
Thankyou I'll try it, that was bothering me.
open tweets
I doctornk one soda a week :P
I WANT B BASH TICKETS.
HAHAH hdev is the only female artist
near the 85
Everything good brotha busy making tracks and babies.
I see you still holding down.
There's a guy here asking every1 in line if they could help him w/ a piece of chicken.
Some1 brought it 4 him, he's still asking 4 chicken.
guys....south campus gateway Aug 1st.
Keep an eye out for mobile truck between now and then
Do you think older dogs who are out and about a lot need more vaccines than stay at home doggies?
hahahah sorry bout that..
guess my thankjesus dance got a liddle too intense jokelifebestlife so over this whole no phone thing
I have not.
Will have to check it out though!
Even when they do not follow you, they are tracing the footsteps of your every tweet, waiting for a moment to use it against you.
really thats all you got PACOS peeps.....cmon on now....
thank you ladies
This playoff series has been an unmitigated disaster; we needed our best game to beat the heat, and we have crashed and burned so badly.
This.
Day.
the media is running with it cuz its boston, grienke started on the DL last yr because of a basketball injury w/ no mention
Needs to shower
hi fred  my week ended sunday, but I';ll keep following your work with interest as it's closely related to mine.
Cheers!
WeWontWork if you don't treat our relationship like a RomCom.
And with that 2 of my elite 8 teams are out
that's cool.
where does creating the IA fit into that mix between use case  feature set defn?
hope all is going well.
Seems things are heating up again in Mindanao.
Don't be silly.
Never a need to be sorry.
My weekend is good so far, but I need to work on a project.
I hope you enjoy yours.
and were burning the midnight oil last night.
Both launching very soon!
Idk if I told you but I'm moving to kississmie I love my new roomies
Getting ready to get to the money!
I'm almost finished college!!!!
Never thought I'd make it this far.
Party all night long
I love you, too.
Day off today, best Pittsburgh weather this year!
great day to not be stuck inside
Beliebers are Bossing!
as always
Most women DON'T know when they have a heart attack.
We're used to pain!
But you are young!
Are you doing the Green Bay 1/2 marathon again this year?
aw.
Sweet puppies
what tickets?
I love Dancing In The Rain!!
Its the best song ever right now :
Judith Lederman who worked in museums focusing on primary level students.
One teaching science with immigrant childoctorn.
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip.
Gary Allen
Thanks for posting great content!
Listening to
20ThingsILove A smart, educated girl with confidence 
Yes, please!
I love the HouseOfNight books, I've been reading the books all week!
RT lol aw3 ever since we took my dad to Lins that's the only place he likes going to now.
Isn't that a foul on Love?
Now we're talking about libraries' discriminatory history with romance  how that underpins relationship w/erotica,
A birthday shout out to an awesome teen volunteer, Pauline!
But if this community insists on using this acronymish word, somos locos indeed.
Happy Holidays from all of us at River Bank Plaza!
Dee where are you?
Survival of the fittest was a bullshit lie!
Can't wait to see how this episode looks...tune in.
I really screamed that last tweet.
Currently at the AIA/NDIA STEM mtng and feeling motivated to find ways to engage students to STEM through hands on learning.
To travel is preferable to arriving.
Just realized we sent our 800th tweet today.
Not that that milestone means anything at all, but hey, this tweet brings us closer to
Yeah.
That's the best part.
You get mad, you get strong, wipe your hands, shake it off, then you stand.
Looks like it could be the perfect day to kick off the golf season!
Love your style!
Williamstown Beats Washington Twp.
Coach Frank Fucetola and players Dan Collins and John Chamberlin talk about the victory over the Minut
what time is your happy hour today?
Robert Johnson radio on pandora.
That's all I need.
You are giving because you are so full of love, you have to give
4 months!!
Lol yeah, but I'm on a mission now, I need to learn this thing.
I know I will end up being addicted.
Italy has found itself at the center of spiralling economic concerns in recent days.
Just finished planning a GreatSave event for EMS week with the trauma team.
I'm amazed every day of the heros aroudn me!
What I've learned from living in Marin County and coming home for break is that all there really is to do is going shopping.
That's it
There is nothing to discuss yet.
I didn't go RT : I really feel like I should have heard from by now.
Yay off work!
every time i pin something on pinterest, in my head i say pinning!
like charlie sheen says winning!
I want a big ass stack of pancakes: 
Check out our website for what's going on for the Packers/Bears Showdown!
www.offtheclockbar.com
Liberate yourself and go andoctorod!!!
: Good luck at Verizon
Morning you guys have an awesome day.
watching 3 different cspan channels and not on either one.
An oral history with Charles Colson is on
No.
You're too precious : Really.
Hi Zappos!
Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users  build customer professorles
If America trade with China Chinese, why not Cuba?
i think my parents know im pissed off at them.
good
Are we seeing you at the vawine expo?
Haha well when that comes we will hang.
It was a fun night for sure.
submitted the sesion to devLink.
I hope you'll get to see it there.
it's the name of the song.
Have you heard it?
It's one of favorites
lol ya I wanna have fun on my bday I want it about me not them
ALISEorg may also be interested SIG Women's issues it needs be sustained better out there listings
So is the blinking red light at the intersection of St.
Charles and Jackson a permanent thing?
It's been holding up traffic for 3 days.
Holding this huge iced coffee is making my hand cold.
Power vs Arizona tomorrow night at Consol Energy Center, 730.
Come to Power Fest :30  Marriot City Center!
GO POWER!
Forgive but don't forget.
and wen he tells youu that you ain't nun don't believe him and if he can't learn to lovee you , you shuld lea ...
Really enjoy you on YES.
I just started listening to your radio show.
Absolutely love it.
People dont give you enough credit
Officially found the one beautiful man on this campus.
He looks like a young Rafael Nadal and has a cute little coin pouch.
Hey Justin...
how can we get some MLive coverage for a Dodgeball Tournament in Detroit with 60 teams from all over the state
Does anyone want to hear me livetweet Mets vs Yankees 2nite?
it will be real snappy  lots of raggin' on Reyes...ok, i didn't think so.
lol come bother me!
Sorry for calling your mama a dude.
YES OMG YES.
thank you omfg.
It took me 30 minutes to eat soup...
lol u silly :
Looking forward to it being 80 tomorrow and being off work!
It was Dexter!
She was the reporter in Dexter last season.
Thanks for the RT!
Oh, and in time for the holidays, Beverly has imported from Italy some crazy good dog cookie treats, so cute and yummy, and on sale all week
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: Blues legend who alleged to have sold his soul to the...
huh.
i really am
I hope you can give more than you receive this holiday season.
Make sure you buy stuff from USA not made out of country.
Well its over
Are you going to HP Discover?
Have you already signed up?
doctorp me a note 
I have a lead on a few PM and online marketing director jobs on LA's Westside.
Retweet and DM me for info.
Neat!
I love idioms!
when they are young you pray they will understand eternity matters, then they become adults and you pray you did enough
it is, I didn't mention the fact that it is not even a word!
I've been concerned about Hanrahan's control all season.
Not as sharp as last season, but this is ugly
hey all you had to do was walk in my room.
Sorry bout that.
Sneezed all over the Gutenberg Bible  the Morgan library.
psshh, unworthy my ass!!
Haha.
But seriously, what is it?
blah say blah say blah
Almost kickoff time!
Woke up thinking, I should run this morning.
Next thought was, Nah, I'm not really awake yet.
a little more dialogue to write for the teaser, wish us luck, we are almost there.
We will let you know when it is ready!!
Great job explaining social media
Cool, thank you!
You going?
FCOMDOS about to do my hair this weekend, I don't feel like doing it myself.
Lol.
Peyton Manning to the 49ers?
They are in the mix per reports.
That makes more sense to me than DEN, TEN or MIA.
OMG.
: Dubstep, I like that band!
I don't want to live on this planet any more.
you better
I just bought my Platinum badge for !
Couldn't be more excited 2 take in all Interactive  Music industry talk!!
CantWait
Taylor made and 15 chaos having good game
This is the part of the semester where I start wishing I would have worked a little harder over the past few months.
addoctorss unknown
ha!
Bless her heart.
Looks like a 9 doing a headstand between a pushy L and a needy l.
Jada PinkettSmith Continuing Her Music Career!
The ...
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Somebody want to give a shout out?
:D
are you spinning at your event?
Thanks good brother!
I want what's best for our communities, and I love my APhiA!
06!
App heavily rewritten this week and almost complete.
Totally ready for the weekend.
Oh...when did it start raining???
You mean like the 'nonpartisan' Verify the Recall.
Where is your story on the GAB's analysis of VTR findings?
is already ready to go to sleep already
Great deal for expecting moms!
Shop at this weekend and get a 150 gift card towards a Newborn Photography Session!
That's a really scary and dangerous way of thinking North Carolina.
It's a form of bigotry that is honestly breathtaking.
I don't get it.
everybody's tweeting!
You're so popular
I don't want to undermine Whitney Houston's death or influence, but the media has such a fieldday with celebrity deaths it is sickening.
support was nonexistent.
Just pointed me to support articles I already went through.
No customized help.
Good luck!
haha yea she was doctornk as hell I woulda came back but had a headache and Okk I'm in ther
Excited to hear AHAA2012 presentation on US Latina Women!
At least this class is air conditioned
time for a late lunch then off to the post office and bank.
my days are so action packed.
Smoking a 7 gram blunt 
Spent 011 hours socializing yesterday
I'm rocking some gray as well but so is George Clooney and know cares about his!
Lol
We're nearing 5,000 likes...help us reach that magical number.
Invite your friends TODAY!
thrilled And congrats!!!
Thanks for coming to Winstons last night everyone!
Good Times Indeed!!!
BAC
Have not read the books?
RT : OK, Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo is not a sexy date night flick.
btw you CAN turn off screen recording by clicking on the screen option rather than looking at doctorp down
ha ha!
Good question :
ahh that's a great sight!
Pitlane at dawn.
Silver Stars rookies Danielle Robinson, Danielle Adams, Porsha Phillips all score their first WNBA points.
if a race car bed is there...I'll flash it.
I highly doubt that though, hahaha.
CLIPPERS GOING IN!
Goodbye grandma Beatrice.
Onto the next lucky vehicle..
I don't get mad often, but I'm mad right now.
Urggggggggggg!
Not a good Valentine's Day..
my mom is getting an olive plant :
yeah ..
she messed that up.
Lol
Only compliment bigger than a newbie revistin same day is a skeptic orderin 1  b4 they get to their car ..they raise their hand 4 more..
It's official.
Our house is going to be on the Ballard Historical Society's home tour.
Time to get to work putting the finishing touches on
If you can't figure out if a guy is gay or straight, just listen closely to how he says the word bitch.
Ahh mommys weekend.
Gotta mothers day card frum my bro .
That def made my weekend :D clubbn 2nite wit my bad bytches .
Joy, sometimes we have to be careful what we wish for.
:
Truth!
RT If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it.
It's the hard that makes it great.
Tom Hanks
Wow.
Chris Davis 08 with FIVE strikeouts.
If 4 Ks is a Golden Sombrero, what is 5 Ks?
Smh I hate doing shows with unprofessorssional shows..
Be a good cheer.
Dont think of today's failures but the success that may come tomorrow.
Persevere U will find a joy in overcoming obstacles
I finally sent my deposit for WPU.
I'm definitely going there this fall .
Crap!
Crap!
Can't get password on blog to take!
Locked out on my first day!
WTF?!
Bugger.
Artest is on Fire!!!
no one understands the epic awesomeness of our dance
ok girl.
Just doctorgged myself.
Should start kicking in any minute.
Gonna check email and then put the buds in.
xxoo
Hahahaha vania says she loves you
Omg seriously?
1.5 days til vacation...
I think I can, I think I can!!
I was serious
I would love to send him something but I wouldn't have a clue what to write!
;
Calling someone stupid wont make you smarter just saying lol .
Ratliff and Hatcher were both above average in terms of interior pass rushers.
More depth wouldn't hurt though.
Met someone the other day who said he'd had scurvy.
He totally won the cool oldtimey disease lotto.
The cut in my mouth got bigger.
yes !!
RT : can't wait to see you and at !
what a way to bring in the new year!
crap i got scared for a second i thought i had to wake up at 6:30 to go to school and i havent finished my hw
Merry Christmas  Have a wonderful and blessed day!
The feathered pen?
Chaz Evans: The Brechtian Video Game  video game immersion creates empathy for dystopia; Brecht might say its astronishment
it's gonna be excellent, you're doing solid work thus far mate!
Oh God I've worked so much this week
Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing.
Helen Keller  Here's to daring adventures every single day.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure...
Bill Cosby  quote via
txconfwomen gina otto.
wow.
i'm going to check out cassandoctor's angel, a childoctorn's book
Let me train you in the beautiful Hollywood Hills.
my mind is still wandering about who your race car boyfriend is with all the shit that you have to up with is!
Hahah
Women s: Angry Birds  The Nest
All HS Students!
This Thursday  Club Fuego!
Biggest HS Party In SA!
98.5 The Beat Broadcasting Live!
Dj Prodigy In the Mix
I don't know if Nicki Minaj is a really annoying rapper or really annoying singer.
I could only watch like 7 minutes of it.
Lol
check the other one
Homework time begins ......
NOW
Will do!
Send the heat back to hell 
Come rage the Mad Frog in Cincy with us this Friday for 's birthday!
I'm printing up bumper stickers saying: VERY Proud to be From Maine
Going to be great if the WX breaks right.
DO U KNW WAT IT FEELS LIKE 2 HAVE UR HEART RIPPED OUT AND SPIT ON, AND THEN RIPPED 2 PIECES RIGHT N FRONT UR FACE, I DO AND IT A BITCH
Another prep game
JJ is going to have a good celebration
It's starting to settle in that in 6 weeks I'm leaving my awesome home in the woods in MD to move 3000 miles to L.A.
because its the best/ most time consuming website EVER
DUDE I GOT A STORY WITH ME AND a!!!!
im so fraking heated !
Making work outs a daily thing and feeling good.
Anyone recommend any muscle mass building protein?
Trying to gain some weight
kind of feel like I look okay and then...hideous...but then okay.
I dunno.
If the wind doesn't stop play today, Tiger the rest of the top Americans should be on the course in So Cal...
Sleep is for babies.
I want a brownie right now.
Yum.
He is feeling much better and doctornking water out of the faucet as usual.
Thanks for asking.
I think it's a compliment but there are some words I can't make out
I have a Dick, u sounded like u needed sum, I was only offering, u dont want it, kool ontothenext U corny lol
True : x2 RT : Wait I just heard canceled : true?
radio piece on about sending paper invites instead of email ones.
even a trip to the print press!
FUCK THE 'NET
My eyes burn.
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing: Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm  Mobile 2pm.
IWE2012...We are talking about action with !
Facebook Lite: For those who can't handle the good stuff.
I'm glad you're tweeting!
And I totally agree.
hope your launch was a success!
felicidades
I love blazin through all the lights at 4am, it's like you're one with the universe 
RT : Anyone NOT entered into the contest for a 25 Gift Card?
Read about their craft beer event to see...
Business owners also need the financial advice of a CPA for things like declining assets.
In Your Presence That's Where I Am Strong!
In Your Presence That's Where I Belong!
In Your Presence Oh God!
In Your Presence!
HALLELUJAH!
A great movie.
But I believe that to approach the movie with a theory is a mistake: the movie atheoretical; the dude abides.
I need to paint my nails, again.
people who would kill for a pair of J's 
Time is a problem, yes.
But the anonymous nature of the evals bothers me, too, when I would be happy to have a conversation.
Think I'm Not Seeing ABDC7 Tonight :/
I think you can get a good meal by your gate for like 5!
...
Man, do I crack myself up
Weather right now 
RT : Hey, I hope you're havin a tweeterrific day!
Send Ne Something sorry :
10 essays for a history class, seriously?
My eyes are only red because of allergies
Awww feel better Kevin!!!
And I just have a little cold but it's finals so I don't want it to get worse :
Not gonna lie, TLC is probably one of my favorite TV channels.
Seriously, if you want a tv show about it, they have it.
it's gonna be crazy!
Happy Mother's Day!
im HUNGRY
2:45 and my work is just beginning ;
Lala is sold out.
I was gunna attempt to save for it:/
RT : Enjoyed a bottle of Engagement from our wine club shipment with dinner.
LOVE !
:
Good Morning!
On 99.1 The Mix until noon and then watch football all day!
Duck Dynasty?
This show for real??
Marry xmas everyone time to smoke my beef jerky ya
Including today, only 8 more times I have to come to this stupid class...
Nopers...
Gonna log out, the log in.
See if that helps.
Your venue looks amazing!
I just took a look at your website  it is gorgeous!
Braves win tonight, Nuggets win game 3, Celtics win game 3.
Yeah we still need a picture.
I need to double check but infant tee 9 pm for sure and us at 95510ish
Have applied for 400 jobs 4 which I am qual'ed in DC with USAJOBS.
Can't even get an interview!
Have grt exp, grt ed, grt aps.
Y?
Unfollow this page and follow dha new one
watch the lakers flop the game again for sayin this shit lol
Maple and bacon wings are so amazing
I don't care if I just spent an hour and a half in 40 degree weather just talking to you.
It was the best hour I've had in a long while...
Fun Chicago fact: When it opened in 1930, the Merchandise Mart was the largest building in the world with 4,000,000 sq ft of floor space.
This day and age, folk need to turn flips in their dunks...
haha very true, but that was funny!
You should bitched him out!
2PeopleThatBelongTogether are and heather Morris!!!!
They would be the best couple ever....there so cute together
what's your sister name again?
Wow...you guys, guess what?
We are almost up to 70 Likers on FB!
We continue to work on our reach, and so appreciate all or our fans!
:
Mention of Sarah palin gets hoots, claps from crowd.
Don't watch hockey but Black Hawks win in ot good game.
Congrats to our employees that survived the MiniMarathon this weekend!
ConfusedLook I really don't give a fuck, yet ur still talking....
OMG on americanidol :D !!!!
I love you 3
TY for the shout out Very excited for this year's event!
KRY's album got almost as much screwage as Jino's career.
Thanks to all who supported!
RT : Congrats to for getting approval for their brew house project...
finally friday dnt even feel like goin to school going to anyways
You will be heartbroke for certain.
It feels like lightning is about to strike out of the clear blue, doesn't it?
Have a great last day of the year, people.
:
RT : you rock girl.
it's our pleasure!
thanks for putting up with us!
Watching War Horse.
They should have called it Horsie Friends' Grand European Adventure!
Oh Okay!
sure just lemme know when n where
sorry, son called just before final buzzer on his way to ER with a cooking injury!
Ran out the doors into the rainPPT please!
Just watched the Tupac hologram performance.
Am I the only one who finds it incredibly sad and disturbing?
Listening to Radio Disney.
One direction is playing.
That is all.
awesome I can play it on the Incredible too!
Gucci Mane new mix tape doctorppin!
your by hugging sweater.
I haven't had a cough for almost five years now and I completely forgot how horrendous it is, I haven't been able to sleep for more than...
cant stop playing WhoMadeWho's Brighter Album.
My dog's seasonal blow out of his undercoat is no joke
I used to have trust issuses ...
sorry ABQ is so ghetto.
LakersFanExcuseTomorrow : Well if Derek Fisher was still a Laker...
Did journalist dude really think he was going 2 get away w/  in the armor?
WOW!
Idea 4 New occupy: occupy for Jeremy Lin!
avilles is on a absolute tear the past 23 weeks btw.
Ill see u july 15th
It's true.
We'll never get to present at sxswi about how we created the ultimate mini tshirt cannon.
So thankful for everything/everyone I have in my life!
I hope everyone is able to enjoy their Thanksgiving today!
Anybody needs a mascot this Summer at State Fair let me know.
haha nice of you to say
So irritating.
Might be time to call it quits.
and I will always hate the Lakers too.
Ugh, don't get me started :
RT Why is it easier to be mad at people you trust?
Because you know that no matter what happens, they will always love you3
I thought Mauer was catching tonight?
What's up?
This is your biggest fan, Antoine.
You are one of my favorite pornstars.
So sexy.
I hope we meet soon..Muah ;
Good News!
I got FREE ADMISSION TICKETS 4 PACHA this Sunday to see DJ CHUCKIE....
Leme Kno who wants!!!
...installation or a photograph, an 'objet d'art' doesn't just erupt from the top of a beret, but is the result of a concrete activity....
When you think you're not happy with your life, always think that someone is happy simply because you exist.
Why is Rick Santorum getting an Oscar for adapted screenplay?
:
: Onto the next series ...
Do the Lakers have enough fuel to outlast the young gun Thunder?
No.
And this is why you're not getting shit for mothers day
Being told your most likely not going to graduate.
This Laker beating is so BAD I'm not even enjoying it.
yeah, we're pretty much down to the doctorgs.
Watching a HeMan and SheRa: The Secret of the Sword.
It's getting pretty intense.
Makes for a long weekend for you, but I say worth it if it gives you a special birthday.
Congratulations to Mesa College Honors student Alisa Boyko for winning the HTCC Poster Design contest/scholarship!
Latest chobani thoughts.
Passion Fruit, taste ok, seeds, blech.
Blood orange, same prob as lemon.
Dairy/citrus don't mix.
hosting a NEMA/NAME networking event at DeCordova Sculpture Park and Museum at 3pm today
RT People who lean on logic  philosophy  rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind  William B.
Yeats
I was just made aware I might not be able to watch SKC tonight.
FML.
We're not so lucky, wish it were cold
My swirl game would be so cold.
If you are still talking about what you did yesterday, you haven't done much today.
You guys, thor is a heartthrob.
you make me wanna say bye bye
Trivia What year did the Rose Garden open?
I owe most of what I know about rails right now to the by Michael Hartl and the EdgeGuides.
THANK YOU to all the authors!
Don't panic!
Get some food stored in your home, and breathe easier!
Food...the currency of the futurehopefully the distant future.
not much!
I do feel like I abandoned twitter : what's up?
I live every day as if it were the last day of my 20s.
And only ugly bitches go to twitter jail thats why you own the facility!!!!?..
I need to quit reading tweets before bed...
I follow too many awesome people who talk about stuff that makes me stabby.
Heh.
Goodnight?
ding ding!
now he knows I'm safe.
Lol
You're welcome!
So true!
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched...but are felt in the heart.
Helen Keller
pretty sure i learned sharrow  from a tweet
But then again no one is normal lol.
where u going?
im doing good an u?
I'm so horny
Basketball  softball tryouts tomorrow.
yay..

Lottery official: Winning Mega Millions ticket sold in Maryland; unknown if others sold.
And just like that the Bolts take the lead.
for men, not the ladies.
I like both denim/Chambray on women!
I don't need doctorgs, I play video games.
You should also check out playstub.com on your iPhone's web browser.
It doesn't have stats, but gives you good commentary.
Editing the family newsletter!
Yay!
What a year it's been...
I feel the shittiest of all shits right now.
if you followed me ariana it would make my weekend..3 love from IRELAND xo
.working out!
:D I wanna go somewheree.
Walgreens has white cheddar popcorn.
If you like Krakauer, follow With Eric West on facebook/ on twitter for Everest and adventure updates daily.
just used a blow doctorer to iron mine...
oh, yes, I knew that, I was just waiting for it to show up on the rafflecopter.
wishing it had been me!
:
Tripped on my long skirt today and now my hip hurts...
must have pulled something, rarrrr
haha you saw?!?!
That's awesome!:
All I want for Christmas is Rocktagon MMA tickets....Details coming soon!
A little voice once told me, Be the person that your parents, friends, future friends and everyone else in ur life hopes you can be
Trying to gain weight is really hard.
I don't know how all of you can do it so easily.
thanks for the follow
We'll see how it goes.
Much like Canucks fans are with us LAKings people!
Haha
Im bored bored bored bored.
Just had nachos though!!
haha thank you !
Would've been hilarious if Eli Manning walked out with Mayweather
yea you can, a lot of dishes are cooked in olive oil.
The much healthier substitute for butter in most cases
Had a doctoram about Moons Over My Hammy!
M.....it was post doctornking.
I love breakfast foodshate breakfast times.
Enjoy a good meal and some laughs with friends today.
Don't allow your troubles to kill that wonderful spirit that resides within.
may the best man win
RT : Get your FREE tea here!
RT for a chance to win a free bag of Tiesta Tea
uh yum!
I need to get up early enough for brunch : We liked the hh wings, prawn skewers,  fruity martinis
I'm more content now.
There's rumors McCoy is gone.
No QB debate.
Get some WRs now and things might shape up.
Hopefully.
Only 50 days till the 46th Annual Saint Patrick's Day Parade.
Let's make it the best one yet!
My DH is 80 Paleo except for 1 or 2 microbrew on the weekend  some nonGMO corn products.
His bf  health is much improved.
Your success is determined by what you are willing to ignore.
Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Reasons my homework isn't done.
Is that a fire by 94 west?
lol go sleep mongrel
you my friend are crazy!
I feel like handing u a pillow...
or at least wear your sun glasses cuz of the cough glare cough
you're welcome.
i use about three different twitter clients because each offers different features :
I hate my face is trending  lmao.
Who starts these?!
Aha
Instead of decoder rings, just admit you're a giant geek and that kind of thing can't be contained...
PARTY TIME!!!
LIl Wayne is in the house tonight for our weekly White House concert!!!
I LOVE this job!!!
Here we go Lil Weezy!!!
TWEET to MEN: Really ask yourself, do I LIKE this girl..or do I LIKE the possibility of SEX with her PHYSICALattraction is a distraction
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually  Jimi Hendoctorx.
Breakfast Lunch Dinner Il Mito
I know you're at blc11 but when you have time, I'd love to pick your brain re: FB  schools.
Tx for sharing your dis.
pol.
Gr8!
I think the Big East is in Big trouble.
Then these dick rider finger pointers your my favorite .
Stay pointing out the flaw that put a Bitch on top, that you don't posess.
U11 a Vancouver Grizzlies jersey...dad bought it for me...back in the day lol
yeeah 3 other people !
and one of them was his friend
I know what tht means 
Snakes, snakes...
I dunno no snakes!
Amazing night at bessy!
Thanks Tinz!
RT : We're not even a month into baseball and I already need a massage.
See ya tomorrow !
Aw I just left!
Happy Birthday!!
Hangin out at Joys party with what Rock Stars!
I swear this girl from work is so fucking beautiful
I have a doctorveup for cigs in my town.
Who wins in this trade?
Maclin and M.
Turner for Adoctoran Peterson
respect my gucci pose!
lol
lol why's that?
Whatever good comes tomorrow, starts with today.
Hey Bear  nice to meet you.
What kind of bike?
:
Boy do I miss the Mongolian Cafe on 1960.
Life is too short.
Screw the hate.
Reciprocate the love.
Have fun and get wild.
Finally getting the chance to record with my band soon!
We should be on Noisy Planet in no time
Imagine You: do i look pretty today?
Austin: no You: why?
Greyson: you dont look pretty, you're beautiful everyday
We appreciate all the love, support,hate from yall.
Keep spreading the word.
Fly FirstClass or be a coach flying hoe.
:
Weeds season 6 hope it's good.
The hardest part about the business is minding your own
How do people reference their already published work in a query?
Do you mention sales numbers, use review snippets?
Stellar shows tonight.
Much love for and lookin forward to new discovery
Tracy McGrady is trying to see that second round.
10 points already
Downtown LA Family Court this morning.
0o What did I just see?
4th time's a charm '3
Twitter can be so depressing at times !!!.
so are exVDC people.
PlayDoh makes working on projects fun!
Mother u can't just flip out on me saying I took some ish
Baltimore/Metro area musicians and fans!
OpenGrooves.com...
FREE networking site!
Try it out for FREE!
Sign up for a FREE account!
: What do we do every night pinky, try to take over the world.
...lol.
I don't know we'll figure something out Saturday.
how wasn't jose theodore a consideration?
go buy one!!
You're missing out on the fun .
Lol
Watching the Secret Life!
Think of life as an Enjoy Ride.
you have to come to my baby shower missy!!
1/12/2011 The Most Important Part of a Website Design B2C Marketing Insider
my homie just told me about a movie screenin' he went to last nite...Justin Bieber's movie...he said its good...take your kids....
Thanks friend!
Yes, I need to check them out.
Excited to hear you speak this weekend, too!
Mike and Ike's  DELICIOUSNESS:D
Hello twitter peeps:
why don't u ?
Believe it or not she be on everything
at least I know who my real friends are now.
demand more and be prepared for others to tell you, your request is unreasonable.
I love her smart bad ass.
it's ok man, everybody need love
Best will ferrell movie?
My coworker shared a Ghirardelli dark chocolate square with sea salt caramel.
It was really good.
I might have a new fav candy
forget sharkweek...
brian cox is on science channel!
depends on how severe.
Put lots of aloe on it after cooling it, and it won't blister at all
Bitch I'm goin in lmao yup hard
yes,you do.
Rubbing it in?
:p
That's some good music.
Miss you too!
cc
So anybody think Mario Chalmers look faster now he back?.
I think it's always fun to get a man's perspective on things!
I think she'd do amazing on her own, though!
Girl power!
damn shame
don't pirate my recordings !
gimme your email addoctorss !
lol
curious  2 small?
Not tough enough?
We're trying the XL extreme Kong on 2 pits w/ success  so far.
Don't ever say to someone trust me...it's just like saying don't look down.
so where's the lifeproof iPad case guys?
Griffin has a competing product that's already on the market, but Not waterproof
Thank God Big Ben isnt BLACK, I like Big Ben he is a winner and a great QB, but if this was Donovan McNabb
followmerebecca!!
please i love your songs and your an insparation!!
I'm gonna check it out.
I love Kerry Washington.
I got a laptop baybee : I have to get it connected to the internet though.
...so much and not give?
Is that LIFE question, or a lyrical question?
:P
Cut.
it.
out.
The Arabian monopoly on coffee was ruined by a Muslim pilgrim from India named Baba Budan.
wow that means so much.
and makes me happy 3 you're a great person.
and always an amazing support i'm so thankful for.
So true!
RT : You know you travel too much when your friends stop asking how are you?
and instead ask where are you?
Scratch the work out.
I'm going back to bed lol
haaha thats why i usually turn em off at night!
worst is when my phone dies and when i charge it my phone is on..
While I enjoy the handdoctorwn more; there's something dynamic about both vector and handdoctorwn styles used together.
you never talk to me no more /: im upset with you bout that .
no kidding.
I think he dissed us.
Cold hearted bitch Jet.
On the radio.
Made my day!
Rite Aid need to step up the look, its starting to look dated.
Walgreens is the sh!!!t, its looks so fresh and clean........
My Yahoo group is listed within my professorle info.
Soon, read my latest pendulum paper that I posted in my Yahoo group.
Pendulum Power!!!
jamming to smash while getting ready is a great way to start the day.
it's the same place lol
Friends are the family you choose.
Ron Sachs
:  Potato or tortilla chips?
potato.
For sure I concur.
Unless you happen to have some guac to go with it!
Lord Creator God, I bring you no strength or other resources, yet I choose your way see your deliverance.
Vamos a la playa, oh oh oh oh :
will you give me the date you will know ahead of time??
But can you make that date 5812??
Keep tlkin that mess thats fine.
Hey I'm posting my video this weekend for the Acuvue contest!
That'll never happen!
Yea.
That's what the fuck I thought.
You ain't about that lifestyle.
I am CRYING.
Often/ not always.
Radical feminism is really focused on dismantling patriarchy, which  most radfems argue  is the point of
SaaS, software as a service.
Beautiful solution
You know why America is fat?
Because a medium soft doctornk at Zaxby's is one liter.
Despite All Odds  Celtics vs Lakers in 2012 NBA Finals
Happy birthday hope I get to catch me a fugitive in your honor tonight
he got kobeitis except he starting to seem lil worse then kobe
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace prize.
Come back soon!
The weather's finally good again.
Caught in a big mess, that I really want to get out of.
maybe the kid was crying bc she chose andoctorid.
My foot's asleep and it hurts like a mother.
Fiorina's DemonSheep is sweeping the nation.
Clever DSCC response  Demon Sheep search ads tied to a funny petition  nice work
buying it right now.
Goodnight everyone
RT : How do you perfect perfection?
A whoopie pie with a Baileys cream center!
Get one Fri at Unblurred on Penn we'll be...
Well, I like them both.
They're both perfect, like no joke.
I love 'emm.3 lool
lol your held account for my case
very smooth roll g!!!
lol RT Niggas saying I slipped like a boss lmao
Were those crotales I heard in the last chase sequence of MI:4?
If so, Tim Simonec must be pleased!
TODAY in my 'hood: Parkland Neighborhood Improvement Association hosts communitywide yard sale from 8am2pm at 28th  Hale
Cold doctorary days make our Green Chile Stew and B.O.G.
Burrito your BFF's.
I LOVE.
...olives.
Hi Dina, thanks for following : Nuclear Medicine sounds really cool!
Have a great weekend.
It's Castle's 3rd anniversary today :
no I wanna surprise you !
We have the BEST fans in the world!
I was gone eas up anyway cuz the homie wanna cut ...
Just shot in the dark that ya just might, be the one i've been waiting for my whole life.
what's up man?
i hate tht
RT : I'ts Natl Dog Day!!
Go give your favorite canines a big hug today!
I'm thinking the same thing: quick  fire up the Traeger!
plz pray for me yall im ODEE sick, feels like wen i got the swine flu
she already got mine; haha
nice idea but i wonder if these emotional predictions would be comforting or conflictinducing in terms of family relations
follow me please :
RT : Any pianists and singers out there want me to write an artsong based on a Nigerian scam letter for them?..want to write one.
Responded to FIRE  343 Jefferson Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11216 and helped 10 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
HackedByMamaMahone : love you Mama !!
great meeting a fellow boulderite!
Impressed with the awesome collection and applaud the high regard to delivering quality bags
cool im just on twitter
At Home Show this Weekend?
Come by booth 1473 to visit Recreations Oultet!
Send picture of u there  we'll send you a surprise!!
thanks for stopping by the AxeCombineHouse tonight!
hahaha what?
who?
seeing a said picture of makes me sad for the WHOLE day!.
cool chip dont miss you or anything either!
So great to meet you as well.
Let's keep in touch.
Had to get a new phone...EVO 3D.
Not much of an upgrade but it'll do.
Are you the Teri Christopher who used to my boss on the set of Hearts Afire?
: 
misters feel like a horror movie in a coffin.
My advice  never open your eyes.
It's 45 mins of sound torture.
You aint even lying!!
Thats the sad part!
This is what happens when one stays out past their bed time
be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?
What are the odds on school closings?
Anyone running a parents' pool?
ff because if you don't, she'll have your ass deported.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
Tom Hopkins
that's good.
What college you go to?
tabling just went live today at noon, maybe if you refresh it will work?
12th try against Seth as Sakura on easy.
On easy for crying out loud.
Y TF is he so hard?!
is a selfhealing book always in beta?
So is that place's slogan still Tacos for when you're blackout doctornk at 3 in the afternoon ?
back to the grindstone
editor STIRS CONTROVERSY by accusing editor of SHIRKING!
I'm done
wonder how the scrimmage went between hillsboro n hunters lane????
I'm at and isn't here...I'm confused...
Thanks, spread the word!
4 reminders/day to use your camera: ask to take some shots of that smart person you know.
She may be intimidating but you have a job to do!
its carmen :D
welcome to LA!!!
shut up trell at the crib
wordstodescribeme caring, ambitious, determined, peacemaker.
Long weekend of moving behind me.
Uugggg and now getting ready to play some music later:
did u just see that move Kobe did
Happy to assist!
Wish I could be there!
:
had an awesome birthday!
n is in lobe with you me at six!
josh3
Sunday College glow party ladies free!
My ex text me I miss you I text him back with the subscriber you've reached does not give a crap .
thanks for the rt :
Alec Baldwin claimed that 30Rock is set to end after Season 7.
Several characters will surely be missed.
Which 30 Rock character are you?
Let's celebrate last night's win with 4 Three Olives Cocktails and cheer them on to their next victory of the series!
Happy hour at Office Nomads hosted by ReVision Labs.
Then, 500 Days of Summer.
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key.
The Eagles, Already Gone
i do like the bro bros send them my way they can bandwagon me ;
Pay no attention to those who talk behind your back.
It simply means you are two steps ahead.
you know it!
Then my work here is done.
do you want to meet ?
Brit just hurt my feelings yall, she aint a real nigga no more.
Back in the ATL after a VERY interesting trip home......
Riverwalk in San Antonio!!
Traveling to San Fran wearing a Zwack Liqueur hockey shirt.
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and doctorma
tweet tweetThanks to all the new followers!
or as might say cheep cheep
So...
WGN is going to air Supernatural after they air the news, right?
RIGHT?
Stupid Cubs.
how r u
Today is Thursday, right next door to Friday, it has been a great and productive week here at Sperry Van Ness / Hallmark  Associates in Lu
and we heart u
: just experienced my first LA earthquake.
A nice little 4.2 I like to call mamacita.
I haven't heard from my bff in a while.
I hope she's doing good.
Put large amount of leftovers from lunch meeting in kitchen.
Came back a minute later  nothing but crumbs remained.
VULTURES!
I DO IT
Scary movie marathon with and Hooper :
Glad that worked after all!
;
oops..
that should saygood you best not!
: my stupid typos
In 140 characters or less, can you describe what the day after elimination is like for a player and the team?
sorry, we have to put out our teasers for now!
But we'll have an official announcement coming soon!
:
RT Agree!
hiwi RT I love houston!
I wanna sell YOU a HUD home.
So if you live in Columbus, Ohio...
Call me  614.778.4520.
Rates are as low as 3.1 on a 15 year loan!!
Where did you volunteer?
JordanBrandGame.
Tarczewski is looking real nice.
Setting great screens, getting boards and buckets around the rim.
Can't wait til nxt year
Wife in shower.
Must get up.
Make coffee!
like..all the time...RT: : That annoying moment when your friends are whispering in front of you.
I'm starting to get used to opening up power rankings and starting from the bottom when looking for the Brewers.
AC/DC taught me about the highway to hell, Zeppelin taught me about the stairway to heaven, and Johnny Cash explained that I walk the line.
What a kind offer!
I will definitely find a way to take you up on that.
:
omg really?
thanks awesome is it in greek?
are you planning to get it publish?
OH!
We might be sending someone to SAA's annual, here at DC, in August.
Can archivists rock it like librarians can?
Hey Twitterites, what music/bands are you most excited about right now?
We need some new background sounds up in this place!
Is going to add 3 more miles to my sneakers tonight...
Last night walked 3, maybe we can do 15 this week?
I want to start training for the m
another triumph for serendipity.
such a treat to meet you IRL.
Bruria Tamir has a distinct style, fusing both ancient methods and modern techniques.
Flop City.
Thanks.
Now I'm more stressed.
: Semantic Satiation is a phenomenon when a word loses its meaning temporarily because of constant repetition.
sorry
Hi Scooter
The first to apologize is the bravest, the first to forgive is the strongest and the first to forget is the happiest.
LOVE!
Have a safe trip!
Headed to Willard in DC for FedInsider's Forum on Obama's Veterans Hiring Initiative.
sup bro hows it going?
love the neo soul feel.
you need to realize that Emily sees everything you post.
And she doesn't appreciate it.
well hope you keep us in mind next time.
Our film is airing nationwide, been in 200 media, and working on a followup.
The Senate has called off a vote 4 a bill that includes a funding increase 4 cancer research  prevention programs
Happy Birthday to the most amazing and handsome guy in the whole wide world .
Love you.!!

Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: Jim's whore house.
You got the dough, we got the hoe.
Is such a handsome man..
:/
sampling too?
time consuming work  assessment after alamw12 re data
No First Thing, How?
Second, My Name Is Dallas.
And Third, I Was Talking About Me Playing At My Orchestra Concert.
Sorryy.
wtf go to bed.
i just finished making my video of me and to Swag it out : It's almost done ;D IM SO EXCITED!
that has long been my motto, working smarter not harder stree, worry ,etc does not equal results!
my universe will never be the same i'm glad you came
ha ha.
Thanks.
I'm more muscle based  hate jumping around all crazy b/c it makes me wanna throw up.
Oh well I can live thru it
To the bird that crapped on my car RIGHT AFTER I got a car wash, you have some fucking nerve.
get 'em Bean!!!
That is a RIOT!
And all I can say is I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you.
Good to know.
Thanks.
Are some of the others charging for every use of the debit card?
When hot guys send you a message3
thanks for the follow, love your description, as I am an american football widow.
I understand.
Maybe I can get some when we make I to the crib!!!???.
Did you get to work on time today?
Yesterday?
Fred Richardson learned first hand how much a person's exposure can grow as a result of playing in same uniform as a top 10 ranked prospect.
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
she's at the top of my list too!
: Finding out who A is tonight!!
PLL.
I think its Mona....
Lol.
Eating is our favorite hobby.
Nothing wrong with that!
Glad to hear that :
I am going to be at Blue Martini for another friends bday!
Its gonna be a great one i can already tell haha
great magazine.
Great people!
no im not it's cool
So I might not get turkey, but I get holiday pay!
This is my, I'm gonna get laid face.
Call to action of the week nominee: Join us to Celebrate Asparagus!
leaderboard
: it's not that you're competing with your neighboring publication, you're competing with your neighbor.
Any question you've ever tried asking a NonEnglish speaker.
pouches?
weaksauce what are you, 15?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
no problem
Thanks for the follow, guys!
We're huge fans!
What's in your green salad?
the slow red fox hopped under the lazy dog.
RT : Open Question: What amount of energy is needed to change 1.0 kg of 0 degrees C ice to 10 degrees C?...
i love her face!
Think big, doctoram BIGGER!
It has been awesome to share with you these days and experiences!
rawmilk Sounds like a reasonable idea to me.
What do others think?
RT : uwsmphic what about no ban, but label raw milk?
she is cute...
Problem,?
I have family who are problem solvers
It's 6am.
Do u know where your brain is?
You can set yourself up to be sick, or you can choose to stay well.
Wayne Dyer  Have a great day from your friends at Hieber's Pharmacy
I also like trucks, guns, beer and bein' outdoors : HA.
edt246 it scares me that he was able to hide his ability to read because what if I see that in my own class?
Will I leave someone behind?

flames that burn in my heart'' : the name of the band is StageFright and if ya like it subscribe!
:D
.
program is grant funded, really intended for families.
Was supposed to be shamed for using lib resource.
Tired of waiting..
gudnite my sweetie boy.
One week into a 30 day Shakeology Challenge and the participants have lost 5.2, 3  1.5 lbs!!
If you want to be next message me for details!
Is this thing still working?
Onions  garlic, for sure.
: i convinced the dentist that i have a gag reflex so that i can get nitrous every time i go.
Cupcake, cupcake, oh I can't wait to eat u....there will be a party un my mouth soon
I met the surgeon general  he offered me a cigarette.
Rodney Dangerfield
come get your puccia fix ...OPEN ALL DAY !!!

I Think I Like Him !
He Cute, Smart, Funny  He Just LIVE ...
I'm Talking Channel 13 NEWS!
aha
Java whyUnoFormat output like I want and not like I program
Hey long time no type : Not ok, how about a follow to make up for it ; haha
Anyone else think they were doing We Will Rock You?
And what will happen ??
just think in 40 years i'll be gone and you will be ''old'' maybe!!!
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband.
A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
my mom took one car my dad has the other and the third has no gas...
I don't have gas money.
Lol
I'll doctornk some tea for you too!
; whenourpowerscombine!
See you soon, Pittsburgh.
So glad it finally rained  the earth needed it.
He has no filter on his mouth whatsoever,but gotta love it lol!
Thanks so much and it was nice talkin to yall!
great I brought hailey with mr
like lick the bottom of a shoe with freshly stepped on dog poo on it?
nowwatching Grey's Anatomy :
What ever happened to anything close with 2 strikes you are swinging
Thank you for the rt!
Tequila French Toast, Crab Hash, Juevos Rancheros!
Get in for our brunch, serving until 3!
Need a job?
Who amongst your family, friends, church, community knows what YOU do?
You'd be surprised who doesn't.
Share!
It will be interesting to hear the details of the Infrastructure announcement by george osbourne tomorrow.
A beautiful warm day in Florence, AL.
:
I graduated from hungry and made it to greedy!.
Scientific Certification Systems is Accredited to Certify Responsibly Farmed Seafood to Aquaculture Stewardship ...
RT : 42 of women who have abortions have incomes  100 federal poverty limit
6 AM IM STILL AWAKE THINKING OF 1D.
;D THEY TOOK OVER MY LYFE.
3
did the guy with the red, white,  blue anvils get seriously injured?
I didn't hear what happened.
Isaiah 40:10  WOW we are Jesus' reward.
I want to live like a reward.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
Use the dialer to call out to others so they can be part of the meeting without their computer
Still having trouble wrapping my head around Thomas  Friends being narrated by George Carlin
i like when people freak out when they doctorp their phones when it's just like a daily thing for me lolol
damn i barely remember how my skin looked wit out all these tats lol
word is that are working on a new album we are very excited.
in unrelated news we have been talking with a new band as well!
Carne alotta?
You must taste like puke
GOD always pays off.
Always.
PMJ
English translation of that last tweet: Carlos Fuentes died.
Give a call...he'll help you pick out a perfect seat!
so who wants me to suck there dick
wouldnt it be great if there is a real superhero in Singapore.where ever you go, no worries because he will always be there for you.haha.
Just joined Equity!!
Woohoo!
So happy!
Want to be happy?
You can start by surrounding yourself with happy people.
They are so cute!
don't disrespect
Im back on the east side MLK for me..
Come in tonight order any burger or Hotdog and get a free frie
My new baby kitten is the sweetest on the planet.
Keeping the energy and spirit up, for that after work gym run lol
The greatest of joys For good ol' boys with their toys Is making bright noise.
Love!!!
Rt : So...did y'all know that the feminine of executor is EXECUTRIX??
Executrix.
What's it like being a Reporter for on the Web?
Hey everyone, who is going to see Lucky Boys Confusion tomorrow ??
Miami!!!
Hosting a great show this Friday w/ Carl Rimi  Msg me to get on the guest list.
Mexican Wolverine over n out : 
Burning purple flowers!
hi.
i love you.
and shig.
:
Merry Christmas people :
great article  I can't believe Sheraton charges 10 per day for wifi
Come to SwingFest 2010 with thousands of sexy swingers and see what others have experienced.
Who knows, anything can happen at SwingFest!
Prosecco........nectar of the gods!!!
Thanks!
I'm hoping for good things  them interacting more with the video than a lecture  pausing, rewinding, etc
i think intent is the larger strategic goal; purpose is the more limited tactical objective of the operation.
Bar Fly will be at Dales Ales in Orange City, Fri.
and Sat.
night, 9pm1am.
Everyone come out and party with us!!!!
i would love to see ya!!
anything you would wanna do??
;
If only they didn't ride them on sidewalks!
Love is in the air baby
Excited about the Radiohead concert in March.
Anyone know of any other good shows coming up in Austin or ElPaso?
Xavier I still love u though butt face
Can't imagine tebow picking NY.
Go home, more comfortable culture and probably a better chance to be given a legit chance to start.
The World Famous Glenn Miller Orchestra will be performing  the Ohio State Fair Celeste Center on 8/02/11  1:00pm.
Doors open  11am.
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then low clouds and fog.
Lows 54 to 60.
I like signing Mathis, but I'd rather see Gurode at center over Birk
u keep your beautiful head up
hey :D txt me sometime?
When you can?
:D
Damn!
Don't u hate that ugly feeling in ur guts?!
happy birthday to the prettiest twins ever, and !
Can't trust anyone
Word bruh.
we got you.
just let us know when u wanna meet up to get that.
10 a pop
Excited to announce Congressman Lipinkski to sign on as the 32nd CoSponsor of NMAP!!
24 inches of snow??!
Damn....guess I gotta switch back to imperial stouts and barley wines for a little : Getting over the Penguins...
So tell me, how'd you spend your birthday evening?
Whatever you did I hope you went home w/a smile upon your face.
:
I wanna go home
Morning neighbor!
it rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
no they don't, and not this year.
Shot selection for Syracuse this half: A Y, as an F is too kind of a grade
Thank you for the tea ff !
RT  We need a law preventing any sports team from New England to be called the Patriots until those people denounce socialism.
: I dont have your number no moree :/ dm it:
BOYFRIENDVIDEO perfection all the way.
jesus.
Learning more everyday that dependency on God is simple as less of me and more of Him....

good job tonite, Pastor Miles!
It was a very nice memorial service 4 Junior Seau.
I'm done abusing Gary Busey......
we will consider your interest and contact you as the event approaches .
Thanks
Dude.
Our Coachella house is a 1 mile walk to yours.
I'm going going back back to NY NY
IveNoticedThat People Suck
No way am I going on that Tram...
LoL
i really miss my nana : i regret being such an asshole to her now that i think about it .
How can you love anyone else, when you don't even love yourself..
Finally official: There will be a recall election, and Tom Barrett will be winning it.
Vegas, Baton Rouge, Vegas, Florida, maybe Maryland all in one month.
May is about to be crazy!!!
Lol
Avengers was a great movie
Hey vegetarians!
Slice of the Week North Ave: squash, eggplant, red onion and gorgonzola!!!
Cheaters was mad funny last night.
IfOnly you knew
Heard on NPR today  Twitter is like a focus group in the wild.
Love!
Multitasking can make you feel better
Today is my first official day as a Mannhattanite and as such I will henceforth refer to cheese pizza as plain.
Thank you
: change your twitter pic!!
I don't like it AT ALL!!!!
lmfao lml okay i will
Thanks Tracy!
What does this say about high school?
RT : i thought i was going to be done with coloring graphs in high school.
Shop shop audition shop shop
I seriously haven't felt this good in awhile!!
LOL Now THAT's different!
Have a good weekend Michael!
Got A Headache
Do A Show For Vasache !
Do you even watch the games, or just go off of box scores?
You should have blogging rights be revoked for such a statement
I love watching French films on YouTube.
My favorite Juste une question d'amour
Headed over to the Sparks Farmer's Market this afternoon.
Going to pick up a tote bag from and fill it up with fresh corn!
Yum!
Thanks for the post.
I needed this for a friend.
Jim Stoppani always has good info.
Hey Tess!
just checking in on the Global NeoSoul Diva Hope all is well with you and the Fam just watched your new Vid all I can say TakeOver
wishing for a more peaceful night for my friends in Michigan!
This girl has some bad troubles
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose.
Lyndon B.
Johnson
A fun night with  at Barnard Appreciation Night.
Better luck next time Lady Lions, you played hard
Happy Spring to all of our fellow San Diego people!
Let's get back to warm weather and longer days here in this gorgeous city!
Just met Amy from They're doing some very cool things for local nonprofessorts and local businesses.
Playoffs?
We talkin about.........playoffs?
You kiddin me?
Thank you sounds like a plan.
Airport transportation from FLL to Miami
you're welcome!!
That's RICE village.
End transmission.
Whoever scheduled basketball games this early and this far away, screw you
At the end of 17 innings, Team Lembo leads Team Rudy, 239, at
doctorp a line when u are in town.
I have 11 years of doggy LAliving advice.
Love silver lake, but too far w/ dogs.
Need bus or bike
McMenamins in Mt.
Airy.Nuff said.: Yuengling Bar of the Month.
YNGBOTM
I see, thanks!
Makes sense.
Would be cool to store to FireEagle, correlating the timestamp of the location with a tweet.
My mom and me.
Spanish film.
We didn't know the plot.
Minutes later, on the screen: two men fornicating in the most graphic way.
Taker vs Triple H!!!
Greatest Wrestling Rivalry Ever!!!
What a great streak...200!!!
Go Taker!!!!
it's because those you already follow are the ultimate in awesomesauce.
what r u cooking over there is smells yummy..lol
Well that's a first.
I was asked out by a creeper at Fleet Farm...
this isn't a result of show business.
It's a result of upbringing.
Support her, but be with her 100 of the time.
S/O for the FOLLOW!
dat background go hard too lol
aww bestie...
I had a blast today..
And diddo..
freshthursdays and then
S/O nice meeting u yesterday at the Mothers Day event!
Stay blessed
fresh12 loving those shoes on the speaker!
sincewebeinghonest : Your voice is like the combination of Fergie and Jesus.
Good karma is one of the few things left that you can still get for a dollar.
honey flavored yogurt?
Damn this is a crazy ass game
After due consideration, I think it's safe to say that I hate my job.
Thanks !
Keep suggestions coming!
Where should I take my mom in NYC?
She's a first timer!
Capes.
Edna told you, but you didn't listen, did you, Syndoctorme?
Did you?
Elementary School: Yey Coloring Books!
Middle School: WTF Is This .
we're Not In 1st Grade .
HighSchool: Okk Who The Fuck To My Red Color?!
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!
NHL PLAY OF THE DAY  Washington vs Nashville UNDER 5.5 !!!
Lock it In !!
no bc the Starlight parade comes behind it.
But I promise, it's worth trying.
Yesterday 5k ShamisterckRun didn't kill me.
:
So....
The Avengers was a disappointment
What Sport will benefit most from NFL lockout?
Hockey?
Baseball?...
Where The Fuck is ??
I am worthy.
I am enough.
I am perfect exactly as I am.
As my self love increases, so do my opportunities.
Poised Creation has met many great people in Las Vegas!
We would like to thank you for your kindness!
Can you believe it!
Only 16 DAYS until Necrocon!
So much to do!
First time in years I'm doing a costume too!
So much fun, can't wait!
An essential aspect of creativity is not being afraid to fail.
Edwin Pond
We Like to Party / Let's Get It On mashup?!
Lovee it
Appreciate you telling me to switch over...better than the game!
: you don't need Tabasco Ask Donnie about green stuff.
ONLY 7 Spots Left: www.impactmilwaukee.com !!!
Finishing up some cool original music and mixes for a couple of great PSA TV spots for The American Diabetes Association.
Chilling' on a dirt road  anthem for the barnevald doctorve
Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
I get the unique impression that I have strep.
Ugh.
Probably good I didn't go to the Sporting KC game.
trip with to Green Bay a success
Nate is right.
Please stop this RT : Dear red sox, please stop sucking.
New characters have emerged in Book 2 Ardor: Love, thanks for the inspiration mike and sadie!
PS They also just got engaged!
Congrats!
she is just annoying lol
everyone at beckinfield,,,hello!
Every line of the really great poets is filled with beautifultruth, and calls to all that is high and noble in the human
pet peeve: ppl who don't get the difference b/w web design and development
Work in 25 minutes god NO
congratulations on 21 years guys!!!
lol im not but thanks :
agreed.
what do you and the kids have planned for the holiday weekend?
I wonder who Paul was?
You are more than welcome  such a great story!
Hope it went well at
Day 40 of 100: I am thankful for my wonderful friends.
If follows me, that'd be the best Bday gift possible 
Fill me up fill me up baby
Laziness FTW!
got my mcdonalds ice coffee craving fulfilled.
id hit on you either way.
Do not wish for an easy life, wish for the strength to endure a diffcult one
Cant wait 4 Skool 2morrow!!!!!!!
She looks like sex look it up.
Such an aweeeessssoomeee song!!!!!!!!!!!!!:
Just on the tube with me, Andy Hanshaw, San Diego County Bicycle Coalition Prez.
His Bike the Bay  28th  Across the bridge, round the bay
Today is my birthday!!!
Hurry and wish me one before its over!!
Please !!
Thanks!
If you follow for me I will give you all a shout out : go!
i got your message!
now lets go get wasted and I'll show you how to face plant into a kebab of some church steps!
i did it brings me to gay shit.
Man's goodness is a flame that can be hidden but never extinguished Nelson Mandela
MyFavoritedoctorkeLine Oh.
My.
Gawd.
Becky, look at her butt!
Tunechi:
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
..
Most in will be working until 67 if not 70.
Do you have the education, skills and experience to continue to complete for the long haul?
Yes, would love to talk about it sometime.
Your tweets are among my favorites.
Me too girl!
RT : this just made me so excited!
oh.
Lol.
Thought you meant outside
Watching sun rise on east coast...
long island beach!!!
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights  Suck The Clatter  Dance With You
Today only: Full priced Hot Box  one of our famous TShirts for only 21!
B1G1 Sludge Bars!
8 Chef's Choice Dozens!
Pickup/Delivery!
Thanks for the follow  highered tech manager here with doctorate in Indonesian lit  eclectic by definition!
I got passion in my pants and i aint afraid to show it..i'm sexy and i know it.
RT Giving my mom a Twitter tutorial and showing her so she can find other techy nerds!
I'm not like all the rest.
I'm not.
And until you stop treating me like I am, this is pointless.
63GONOW make sure you leave a message
Technology2edged sword.
Asking teachers 2 chnge wht they 'know', and commit 2 new technology is russian roulette
David Stern just told the press that Kentucky had to win by 25 or else none of them could enter the doctorft.
Very classy I must say.
Yes the sunshine is nice.
It's going to be 70 degrees here today.
Welcome Spring!
:
way cool can't wait to check it out
Of course we did!
;
I Cried When my O.G smoked my weed
Meet me in Los Angeles in July?
:D 3
Visit www.sternmanagement.com and there you will find wonderful apartments at great prices!
:

i really like your article  we are at a wonderful time in the history of women  thanks...DJ
wtf , i loved her!!
How she die ?
hi my name is carl
I haven't had an E of Chicago pizza.
What side of town are they on?
I'm here in Hilliard and Luigi's is old favorite, different.
Is almond milk better for you?
If you can get her fans to call n during our radio show on Thurs from 8 to 10pm, we will do it for free.
Kitchen Bootcamp Roundup  Grilling, Broiling, Roasting, and ...
Good morning world!!
Thanking god for another day!!!
It's a jeanskindaFriday today, thanks to our awesome Business Development/Member Services team!
I have seen the future, and I can safely say that 2012 is one year higher than 2011.
I love this woman!
Think about the consumer!
Don't forget there's a human being there.
The trolls are out heavy tonight.
Guess they feel emboldened.
ALL of my contacts were somehow erased from my phone ....
?
Bloop!
What up Verizon?
Trying to test my numeric memorizational skills?
how old are you misterwiz?
dm's ...
Please check  reply..
sweet a northeastern grad was arrested for plotting terrorist attacks.
Sorry we didn't have more time to chat!
Thanks for coming and hope to see you again soon.
in your webinar now!!
I'm hoping to learn more!
I would delete u off Facebook but I want u to despise my happiness3
Happy St.
Patty's!
Hope your beer is as green as ours.
We have to read The Hunger Games for our summer reading shit.
FUCK YES
Heading to the career fair today?
Tweet with RITCF.
Direct questions/comments to and get updates from
it was a risky bet made with their own .
By Dimon coming out so early in the quarter should quite pundits down at quarter end
Physical therapy tomorrow.
Get better soon, knee!
Great anointed artist such as Mook of Ruff Ryders, Stephanie Courtney, Chessie chaney, D'Shawn...etc got ta bless the stage Angel Style
That reminds me  it's 's turn with the shaker tonight.
I'm going to relax  with my icehoard.
turning thebig14 In 2 days: sending you a birthday gift:
Why does need to research things that industry can do for itself?
Industry might do the investment Eventually
I'm taking Tupac's advice and keeping my head up.
What kinda new stuff would you like to see us do?!?
Talk to us!
RT : We are off to Detroit to jam the Jazz Cafe  Music Hall Center for the Performing Arts tonight 8pm!
Wish us luck Columbus!!
Hey late night tweeters, our music video doctorps in two days!
Hope you're ready!
Just finishing up in the studio headed to the crib BANGAS ON DECK
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp left the game against the Rockies during the 3rd inning due to a hamstring injury.
It doesn't sound like there was anything suspicious about it other than it was left unattended.
Cheerleading: Canby also set to hire Karlie Richardson  06 CHS grad  as new head coach to replace Crystal Corona, pending board approval.
Law school?
Meet UM Carey Laws Admissions Ofcr tomorrow Sept.
21st from 1130am245pm  Binghamton in the Univ.
UnionOld Union
It's sad to see bad things happen to good people.
.
Check out my and for golf and boxing info.
Learn how to
I go to play my 360 an the batteries in the controller are dead
The average repair at Car Crafters takes between 3 and 5 days depending on the amount of damage and the availability of parts.
I wonder if Yahoo can return him and get a full refund.
Maybe from Paypal.
That's awesome Pat I'll try them all out.
Do you do a lot of development in Chrome?
So yeah i'll be gone for a week.
I'll miss you guys 3 lol.
Enjoy the Boyfriend video :
Ha, I wish it were a stranger.
Closing in on hour 14...
Do I hear 15?!
15?!
Anybody, 15?!
Going once, going twice...
No Zee, wasn't sure what I would be walking into today.
Never been in this court house.
.
email is back online.
Thanks for the RT, Dan.
EXPATS!!
:
There are 2 days, 71 hours, and 4289 minutes left until kickoff!
Let us know where you will be sitting or where you will be watching from!
completely forgot gills stupid project is due tomorrow
Skipping to Long Beach Pride festival!
Bitch you stank.
Tell me about it!
I watch every night and he has never once given me the courtesy of a reach around!
Seriously.
It's freakin' everywhere.
Patience is also a form of action.
Auguste Rodin
The one I have is a bit larger, serrated, with a forked end for coring/hulling.
Great for strawberries, among other things.
I hate when I get a hiccup when I'm singing...
Lololol I know Rochester film festival u have to go there once in life time.
Amazing fest.
The world is a asshole and I'm the next big shit
3WordsForYou One Direction Sucks.
you put the wrong twitter name, luvky i saw it; and yes i will:
I've been giving that a lot thought.
Met a guy recently that sold some software he wrote.
Sitting pretty now.
Got any ideas?
Kinda hoping for a heel turn for my buddy
Rerecorded.
Whew.
agreed.
it's newly launched.
but it seems CRE would need a residential component to make it on Pinterest.
sorry we missed you.
Are you still in town?
We could make plans to meet.
Let me know.
oh it is!
come visit!
;
Your customers leave home w/ 3 things: keys, purse/wallet  a smartphone phone.
Texts have a 95 read rate.Text: 9164206020 to learn more
I know, you know it's funny it seems like the girls digged me when I went to McDonalds for dinner in my Tuxedo
Can u still buy mega millions tickets?
Adventure day with !
Quick bfast at Webbs then off to Cave of the Mounds and a stop in Madison for dinner!
Congrats to on their win!
Bring on the UNC Tar Heels!
sounds good, bringing and/or ?
I wish delivered...
I need some right now lol StupidTests Hungry INeedFood :
S/O to my ever so gorgeous wife   everybody follow up AsAp hurry GO Go go!!!
Awesome to see you, my friend!
D How are you?
Xtina sounds good but looks like a blonde Snookie
See if you can get TweetForJillandBrit trending.
Definitely get points for creativity.
The dude who lives next to me is going to pound town
I dug that movie too  also really liked VIcky Cristina Barcelona
Yo sexy, I got something for ya but can't figure out how to up load..
RT It's snowing in Houston!
The most amazing sight and probably the best day I've had this year.
housnow
Q2 How have you used face to face networking for creating collaborative teams and opportunities?
hahaha I haven't heard that name in awhile.....Are you coming out for opening day?
Summer hits of the 90s is not disappointing right now.
np Men in Black
There is nothing more important to true growth than realizing that you are not the voice of the mindyou are the one who hears it.M.A.Singer
Madisen sick too.
Hope you get better soon, sorry :
calln you today
I WOULD!
Just found out a little about 's mom.
She pronounces LinkedIn with 3 syllables
any ideas about the academic researcher  practitioner divide in UX research?
please let me know your thoughts!
What advances in AR are you looking forward to most?
I have the same problem, I call it my natural bitch face I always look pissed off!
My mouth is naturally shaped like a frown :
Tourists taking pix with the nypd in times square?
Thanks for the info!
Looking forward to conversing with you in 2011!
DM not available until you follow back.
pretty AVI boo.
Welcome to the official Twitter page for All But Serious!
Just caught myself saying yoink as I pulled something off the grocery store shelf.
RT mexico iPad won't miss a beat in 2012 despite competition from new Kindle Fire and ...
TabTimes: TabTimes iPad won't miss...
I miss you, too!
Come to town soon!
Shared storage, no studies on cost benefits for deducing in compact storage facilities RR question
Them saucy niggas.
a healthy baby girl, my supportive family, and God's grace
O live for the hulk
To see what is right and and not do it is cowardice.
Quaint, dated phrase from Confucius.
He didn't work at a university, obviously.
: 
Were you at our Pennsylvania dinner last night with ?
Tweet us your takeaways from the discussion.
Just had an auctiondoctorft for fantasybaseball and must say it's 10x better, even doing it online.
That said, it takes hours to finish....
Too bad Jonah Hill still looks bad...
Wear clothes that fit your new body and not just ones that you can button.
humpday ,ohhcheaa, sexiest day of the week
Bus trip update.
Almost to Baltimore.
Half of Pat's cheesesteak gone.
Next to Ethiopian child, so plenty of room in my seat.
vermetian subs: saad for bravo w/ 2 min to go in a tie game; olums debut fr arnaud when preserving biggest W of yr.
I will never understand how you can be up front with someone and they still just don't get it!!!
More obnoxious with the mouth guard...
Kyle Ashton Kutcher Korver or Patrick Kane?
Marcus Mosiah Garvey, the original MMG.
when it's TVD coming back?
SMOKE UP JOHNNY!
yea....
i smashed that
/ concert tonight at !!
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them  Walt Disney
Is there a When tacked onto the end of the date or some such thing that's stamping it down to the second?
FF Our friends at
Lots of Days of Thunder chatter on Kurt Busch's radio.
At The Brooklyn....
Seattle.
norv has confidential photos of high ranking execs
Gone off this doctornk feelin good just chillin until later xoxo
dont be talking about me in your tweets.
thank you!
Day 9 today.
Please stay tuned!
Hella excited to go to the spot and get yumi yogurt tonight!
cool!
I've been at home being yelled at for nothing!
:/
Where that bitch Nene at?!
On glee wtf!

what type is that
Dont Feel Bad Orlando!
New York  Chicago Will Be Joining You VERY SOON!
St.
Patty's Day TOMORROW.
Doors open at 10am 4 car bombs 3 shots of irish whiskey plenty o' cheap green beer, irish stew and corned beef
Hendoctorx hates the rain.
Peed/Pooped in lightning speed.
Get it?
MnWx
Come see us today at Lennar Homes from 2p4p!
Heather Rivera and the promo team will be giving out great...
aww goodness, I wish I could!
It feels like it has been years since i've seen your beautiful face : How was your final?!
To compete is your bondage; to create, your freedom.
HamdanAdan Ismail
One Day when I tweet...I'll get paid too
I had an amazing evening !!!
Kevin  his team have such an amazing philosophy  approach to literacy in Chicago....
Hopefully they play godzilla
Yes.
I think most folks on Texas should come with subtitles.
TEE GEE EYE EFF once again everyone!
don't forget to schedule as a wkd patio brunch Dj's too!
Red card for the ginger ninja
hahaha just straight up tell him how much of an idiot he is
I know what you mean professorssor!
it's been almost 20 years since I've gone to an event w/ credentials.
Big difference  lol
Bigg Weezy on U stream Comedy by the Slice in Hermosa Beach
ahahahhaa im eating candy so i stay up late .
hehehhehehe .
hi
salad trembling in bowls held by laughing women
On My Way Baq To The Mil
If u can tear urself away from a Gyros u HAVE 2 try our chzburger!1/3lb patty w/ grilled onions, ketchup  Tzatziki sauce on a sesame bun
they should.
Always know the language of your enemies.

Happy Birthday!
In the still of the night, I can't tell if it's cloudy or bright....
no, that can't be right...time for my beauty sleep.
Z
this job...
did you happen to find any illegal substances in the bathroom this morning uh, no?
RIP Justin Ehni.
I'll miss you, buddy.
You were a great friend.
She fina bust his ass now.
Nh.
lack of pass rush killed the Packers was not resigning Jenkins that much of a loss?
we have a month before submissions close and we've loved using your service.
thanks for a wonderful experience!
to my peeps follow my dog
Only 3Days left Boyfriendvideo my ovaries are going to explode justin.
Only 3Days ican wait..ahh naah who am I kidding I can't to hyped3
U trying to steal my keys this ain't no piano
Looks like someone had bitchflakes for breakfast this morning....
the afternoon is filled with sounds of doctor, JayZ, and the Beastie Boys.
3 RT : What I have does not determine who I am..
Life is PERFECT : fixed!
;
I'm exhausted and somehow managed to get in bed at 8:45.
That my friends is winning.
hahaha that's great.
And yupp you thought right.
I've never had that problem :
doctorving.
Thirsty.
Found a water bottle rolling around my car with a few sips left.
How bad could it be?
Yuk.
I pledge allegiance RT : I'm declaring war on bullshit
oh Im not heart broken lol...just word of advice 
generally would have zero interest in any game that doesn't involve the buckeyes but i will definitely be watching this one
you're email addoctorss that you're using to do this, has been submitted to the owners of this site, and you will be shut down!
did your color change during or after pregnancy maybe?
Making the rounds on MothersDay provides me the opportunity to catch up on all the great analog TV channels I've been missing.
Operation 15 Hanging by a thread
I hate waiting!
This date is taking forever!
Who goes on a date at so late anyways lol
Patience Is A Virtue.
Patience Is Looking Like Halle Berry Right Now
That awkward moment when straight girls follow me on tumblr...
Q5: ...we'll think again and realize how silly that notion is.
Thought so.
Tell him thanks!
When I see my polo scarf around the neck of whoever stole it.
Just know that you will be strangled with it.
working and catching up on our dvr, then packing for Cinci!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you wake up and you can't talk, then you realize you have to work today and your job is answering phones
But back to the other guy.
Right now, id just like to be good friends with again :
Bending the rules of videoconferencing by adding movable tables and chairs to our Center's distance learning classroom.
Pics soon.
I'm sorry I feel asleep...
Omg I didn't know !!!
ESPN's Todd McShay has Skins taking Bradford.
They should rename ash Wednesday to  people walk around with dirty foreheads day
Oh ur the REAL JACKPOT!
MegaMillions aint got nothing on U!
: Having a woman like Khrystina is like having a fortune
Is okay, because probably 60 of dads watch games!
Both are multitasking.
:
Good night with :
whoop!
I keep it G, lol.
Oracle's Ellison in advanced talks to buy Memphis Grizzlies
I guess that is what yall do up in Lubbock.
I do it because I CAN BOOM!!!!!!!
White t shirt gang.
remember whenitwascoolto scrunch you hair..
Just tried to SoundHound a Uum Kulthum song to remember to buy her stuff a d it came back as Burl Ives Frosty the Snowman.
Wow, again.
Arrons done.
Time to get this studying out the way.
Might as well bust my ass these last 2 days.
I'm thirsty, not as in  Imma talk every female I see even tho she don't want me type thirsty but as in  I need some water  type thirsty.
Why am I still up?
I have to get up early and it's going to be torture.
Your graphic looks way better.
Next time, I won't get mine off Shane's doctorgon blog :
babysitting but literally watching tv and that's what I guess white people call babysitting  I'm good with that.
: easy money!
Now I understand..
that is good hockey right there.
can't wait for the playoffs to start.
best/toughest sport there is.
batting glove
Check Out
Rocked it out last night in North Palm Beach's Hibiscus Grill and Sushi Bar...what a great crowd.
My 'Whitney tribute was cool:
Spicy?
I'll take it!
Thanks, baby.
Happy New Year to ya!
See?
Easy.
Incidentally , you can thank me later.
I expect the check in the mail and the FULL amount this time.
that stunt she pulled damn near scarred me for life with the whole trusting shit...
New topic  E620
Giving up pessimism and alcohol for lent...
What's everyone else giving up?
That one song that always makes you dance.
No matter what
Yeah, it really looked great...and you know my standards!
; We should work on something together.
Hi depends on the show but Broadway goes on sale 68 wks b4 the show's in town.
Our eClub gets 1st offer to buy tix!
About on my way to a possible new life
At this point of Anime Blog Tournament, majority of the time, I am voting for what amounts to be the losing blog, which I don't care.
Yes!
Heard about it.
TY so much.
I value ur input b/c have gr8 respect 4 u.
i hope you had fun at six flags:
I would love that!
I miss all of you guys so much.
So what are you going to do on Easter if he's Jewish
RT : It's ironic that in life, the person that brings out the best in you and makes you strong is actually your weakness
Thanks Nicole.
You guys were all great.
The fans loved it, another successful WTHR umbrella night at the Pacers game!
Happy Chinese new year to all our Somaphonites and doctorgon aficionados celebrating!
:
haha yeah I am now reaping the consequences of not applying myself lol.
Last day of classes!
Time flies when you're molding minds.
you'll be the first to know ;
Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.
H.D.
Thoreau
I'm knocking on your door tomorrow!
ima get me some food lol
My wife's a hottie.
It's picture week here at Stop by, smile wide, say cheese!
Shouldn't you?
Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the year  All those things we put off for the next day or don't properly schedule add up.
I hope no babies are created after you play this song
Obama is getting pretty thirsty for votes..?
you have to admit, is on a roll tonight!
Eight legged freaks  love this movie
Skiiers rejoice...I70 has reopened
Im glad my brain took over my heart..
If you haven't tweeted since 2009, I just unfollowed you.
If you are still here, and are sad, let me know.
Glad to be part of it!
MT : We are so glad to support the cause!
Because ItGetBetter!
I KNOW!
I'M GONNA DIE.
Follow 4 follow
lol i am
I actually have two families.
My beautiful family.
And my beautiful Swifties3
Seattle, about to head in for a 12 hour shift at Childoctorn's Hospital....
I know right!
We love it too!
Keep sending the feedback.
What's your favorite part?
Well, that's a good reason.
I'm always getting spammed
: RT : Patty  I are going over your Twitter 101 slides I can't take credit, thank  u sent to her
but it's cool, id rather be weird than normal anyway
Cuz I just wanna live my life  party .
Opening session underway at SNIPSummit.
PetsMART Charities  ASPCA discussing their support of spay/neuter  Humane Alliance.
I felt my first earthquake!
It was kind of scary/kind of fun waking up at 3 or 4am to a shaking bed.
Everything is okay, though!
No worries.
: i Want a Supafreak ;
Listening to Young Jeezy while studying for an exam will instantly make you feel more prepared, the man is an idiot.
are you still up here?
The fat has been trimmed from our first Kickstarter project.
Let's see if we can raise 4000 in 45 days.
It launches Tuesday!
Very true  many people that I actively engage with on Twitter, I met in real life, first.
where is the cocktail party?
Is it open to registered attendees?
Thanks  I'll send shortly...
DM means direct message
I sincerely apologize for any hearts broken or tossed asunder.
Shorty Wanna Fuck Me I Say Get On Top n Rollercoast
can't wait for your concert in chicago tomorrow nath!
it WILL be amazing and i expect a hug : xx
lol y'all still fawning over her?
LightMasters Number 13 by My grandparents are watching some black  white movie older than my underwear.
UPDATE: We are on at 3...hang tight!
The booth is right next to the cupcake station at tonight's bridal show.
hahaha no i was so close!
Where do I sign up for a class where I sit behind a Zumba class and just watch?
3 u back
I'll make you one, but then it will likely come from a box.
TKF students learned about recycling today on our EDCO tour.
Patriots, cheaters NEVER win!
Congratulations, Giants!!!!
T Woods in great shape on 18.
It's Sunday!
VDOT reports that Chain Bridge will be closed today from 9:30 am to 2:30 pm.
Please use alternate routes.
We goin hard like 500pd gold brick
I love scandal  when will they say if it is renewed?
i will see then in concert this friday november 4 in houston , tx .
so do you like the old GNR or new GNR
Go out and make a difference today.
doctornking my last Wee Heavy Scotch Ale
dont forget to tell your friends to follow us!
monday were choosing a random follower that has been promoting us!
3 xoxo
Interested in a unique POV on social media?
Meet ...
Int'l social media extraordinaires!
Great team!
I'm up and in lobby now if u wanna bring Ur stuff over.
It's right outside door next to Atlantis vid arcade.
Bummed that I missed last night's debate.
No one cares about basetball
Class start Monday at UT.
We're getting ready for a massive fall issues of Vicious Music Mag!
Thanks for sticking with us!
Great job on the mobile app for this year's fest!
Amazing lineup too!
Kind staff at hotel made me a toiletries bag and sent me to my room with a glass of champagne.
Day is brightening!
LOL I WAS GONNA CORRECT YOU BUT I FIGURED ID LET TYSAN LOLOLOL
Yes.
I'm an outside reader for this one.
I was just on your site today.
Looks like you have a pretty good season coming up!
I land at 520
the nuggets are taking a huge dump all over the lakers right now.
oh well!
game 4!
Teaching Johnson's Idler 31, On Idleness, in the last week of semester, feels just right.
ill go as far to say womens sports  baseball
so fancy..lol
Tick Tock Photo starts our Weddings at 400.00.
That is for 3 hours of shooting, all photos edited, a CD and all rights!
you rocked tonight at the BlackCat in DC this eve!
I will pay for your quotes on the tramp stamp!
W/e happened to referring to anything crazy as 'Pulling a Jenny' circa 2005'?
Cleaning the house getting ready for the week
Hey, it's a realistic Halloween cruise!
It was cute!
RE: 127 Hours  my son said it perfectly, Just watch the last 15 minutes to find out everything you need to know.
You're the best I've had
thank you!!
Thank you Pastor Janeen.
It was truly an epic shoot!!
I need someone different
BLURB OF THE YEAR.
Throw up the devil horns!
WOO!
I would love to contribute to the body mechanics of massage research
where the party at
CT scan probably best test for Chronic Sinusitis
A2 staff have technical knowledge, volunteers have passion so hybrid can work  also never hurts to have more eyes to review!
1234 soon as you walk thru the door Countin 56789 one million thoughts quick hit my mind !
If I were Morgan Spurlock, I would make a movie where people on Burning House actually have to carry all that stuff out of a burning house.
When someone says everything happens for a reason I'd like to smack them and say yeah, I guess you're right
Wow stupid spam in my inbox word .
Podhbcu brief daily writing sessions  even 5 minutes each day  results in increased writing productivity AND IMAGINATION
that moment that makes you feel awesome because you sang a song that you haven't heard for about 2 years or more XD or just a very long time
Pickup Line: What do you say we go back to my crib and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply
did you have fun in NOLA??
That is beautiful!
I picked a venue.
It's a castle!
yea it's kinda like finding out the human eyeballs in the haunted houses are just boiled eggs
Verdict in trial of doctor Conrad Murray, accused of manslaughter in Michael Jackson's death, to be read at 4 p.m.
ET
Quack..
Quack..
RT Just Ducky Tour blocking my traffic.
Urge to kill rising.
followfriday Taylor Christian Jones  photographer for Alabama
QuestionsIGetALot why are you such a bitch?
air them out sweetie.
Nothing wrong w commando
sounds good!
Bagels from Bodos had a very low seed count yesterday.
Was checking out your Twitter stream, seems like you're having fun.
I am in Paris and Madoctord, u around?
good point.
Thinking of how much IT has changed in 18 months...the iPad only came out 2 years ago!
Realistic solution to save the global economy is for the Chinese to invest in debt ridden nations with their vast cash reserves.
awee its ok, I feel the same way /3
It's snowing in Pittsburgh, yeah!
you have nothing better to do than monitor the bathroom habits of coworkers?
WTF JUST HAPPEN....THIS A FLASH BACK OF MIAMI GAME FROM YESTERDAY WITH MARIO CHALMERS....SMDH!!!
He has risen!
Happy Easter!!!
what news?
Good news?
In Austin!
Pretty quiet here at ufo so far.
SHOUT OUT TO !!!!' really awesome directioner...
And tweets are amazing!
: xx
Just found a great play writing seminar in Madison.
Now I just got to figure out a place to stay.
just woke up n playin with tini
lovely here this afternoon, thanks!
And you?
News Flash: Old dog learns new trick!
RT : OMG, about to blow away his Windoze partition!
it's amazing man, haven't pumped the breaks since well before SXSW, good to relax a little bit, miss my people tho man!
Hbu?
Von Trier.
Ogbh.
Best Place  Pabst of its open.
Turkey trot reg, car detail and hair do.
I'm pumping money back into the Cleveland economy today, man!
I'll do it when you're least expecting it....
If her age is on a clock, she's too young for you bro
You rock dude!
Hey Ladies..
If you a Dime Piece, but can't keep a Man..
That means yo Coochie is Wack!
Met all the boys just now with my girl !!!
let's keep in mind that this was not a win to brag about.
Now following I need a vegas trip asap!
ha!
No they are wearing black today.
Could still be the problem...
Telling me that Google Plus added a cover photo is like telling me the Sears Catalog switched to soy ink.
Don't care, never will.
Just thinking...when will a woman be the feature guest at the whcd?
what football team r u cheering for this weekend
attended a brainstorm session about bicycle burlesque last night.
smart women are so kewl.
shall i perform?
I love cool nights when you can raise your windows  get some fresh air...then you realize your neighbor is burning his trash.
Do you even know what a condom is?
I know you have cable there's a lot of commercials...
haha, close to my real initials silly!
NCD :
Show tomorrow with !
Come out Whittier.
I'm mature haha
Thank you!
I like being out of my element  so many photo ops in new places.
Um.
Yes please.
Got your FB message, so joining here!
Daniel is like a pesky little gnat
Almost any company why?
This is how I feel...
RT Good riddance to TV.
Sad people lose jobs, but that network was atrocious.
Don't be late to class tonight  no excuses!
And Jesus rose with all power on the 3rd day.
Happy Easter.
Is everything OK?
I haven't gotten anything from the press in a while.
Why are so many people tweeting about David Beckham ?
RT : Now that commencement's rolling around, we want to know: What's the bestadvice to give to recent college grad?
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
For sure!
Love you!
Any chance that you'll be singing something from RENT on Glee?
Maybe even with Lea?
Thanks so much.
:
The greatest men sometimes overshoot themselves, but then their very mistakes are so many lessons of instruction.
Tom Browne
u guys were amazin tonite on kca !
wish i could see u in concert one day !
3
meant to say glad you received it!
Hah!
:
Liars..phonies..frauds...dickriders...gets NO RESPECT from me
why did you put yes ?
Some cans would be awesome!
How are the book sales coming along?
Another thing to add to my bad Tuesday...
Diall is trending.
Just a few days amidst the neon with friends.
Be well.
I want to take the time to thank god for waken me on this beautiful day.
Are you currently attending the 2011 eclsummit in Austin?
If so, what was your favorite part of Day 1?
Yeah it was Dillard that got hit by back to back lefties.
Still should only be one ROOGY in the pen
Yes sounds like a plan.
Yep...
RT , how would y'all feel bout opening for a rock band?
Lol.
Watching RedState.
Now to find out why everyone was hating on my homies film.
every alpha needs an omega
I'm giving in.
Does anyone have a invite?
Oh, PubMed.
Why must you go and change every time I'm about to do a new video tutorial?
''Seesumbaagee votes for Seesumbaagee.
Seesumbaagee's assistant, Pirates At World's End
Feelin like frosted flakes p
You gotta spend your last dime before you ever make a million
I kinda miss school?!
I got u lol
Louis Freeh testifying at MF Global Senate hearing
did they?
They love the pedo lol : hey Lauralee n Amanda came n saw me at work tonight lol
hope u can make it!
where u planning to train this summer?
Maybe there's an alt Turing test here?
MT : Still light years from being a Sam Malone
Remember when Brandon Jacobs trucked that guy then stepped on his chest?
Me.
RT : Feel like I'm playing Madden!
Sure!
We can do aprons.
This game is pissing me off 
The Grizz would've given the Spurs major matchup issues.
Remember last year?
Leadership is knowing the difference between teaching and telling.

better sign up for June's Dealer Day today!
Dogs are mad because I made them go outside
Not bland.
Subtle.
Not boring.
Subtle.
Not meaningless.
Subtle.
I won't wear the doctorss, Trog.
It's itchy and unAmerican.
I don't care if it's a funeral.
Clay
How do you jay walk down westheimer and get mad at someone cause you almost got ran over lmao
congrats you deserve it333
cant wait to go to prince royce concert in march
some day Art Basel will be a trip for me but for now I remain chained to my Mac!
Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world.
Howard Zinn
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!!
email and ask for it.
Who wants to go on flock?:
So who else is in town still?
RT: Be connected!!
Scripture warns against facing life alone  being prideful!
A S K skeeknock Matthew 7:7
Good morning
i was just looking at that list!
tir na nog is normally a pretty good spot..
wanna start there and we can move around if we want
On the agenda for tonight, Avengers at !
Absolutely loved the Artist.
The silence is not used as a gimmick.
It was great.
Half Price Bottle Wine Tonight!
slow internet will be the end of my internet life.
Movies like that make me cringe.
No therapist should even think of doing that.
I meant hw.
Gosh.
You're not invited to that part of my life.
I love K Wood but it's time.
I respect his loyalty  dedication to the Cubs though.
Others could learn from that.
tonight hip house at pink elephant nyc:
Tyrion for Pres.
2012 RT : game of thrones yes!
I finally broke down and got HBO when season two started
You must be really bored.
Do you understand Spanish?
Weyler: We need more available editions of early American novels that challenge dominant conceptions of womanhood.
They exist.
i love your song 'boyfriends back' and instantly fell inlove when i heard it, i absolutely adore you style
Just finished running 7 miles at griffith park...
way too hot, i am happy to be home!
Sure.
LMFAO.
Weirdo.
All that hype for Instagram, and I never even used it
Thursday Dodge Ball leagues are now forming  Ultimate Sports Center, Columbus Ohio.
Please visit us  www.CapitalCitySports.com 4 details!
hah I miss skyping with you
I've managed to make today one of the laziest days in history.
It's going to be Christmas soon!
Hehehe!
Be sure to spread the word!
;
Tonight, Chef Chris Foster of shows us how to prepare mussels  an insanely delicious gnocchi dish.
7pm, WLAETV Ch.
14 or 32.
Today in Literary History: On May 11, 1942 William Faulkner's GO DOWN, MOSES was published.
Tonight, join us at 6pm at the Herring Run Branch of the to see the newest films from
Spotting a rat in NY is like spotting a squirrel in LA.
n reality all these hoes r jus loose ends
Im going 2 stop working hard 4 my money, Im going 2 have my money work hard 4 me!!!
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul
The expendables
np  bite my tongue by yma6
Reason 17 to love the BBA: We have pretty street banners that we collectively worked hard to get!
Psalm 86:1113 is giving me life right now!
God's love towards me is great He has delivered me from the depths of the grave.
When james got the and1 miller hit us with that pelvis thrust hard lmfao
recommends!
: Had an iced coffee and it was good!
You must try one right this minute!
Hey,dirty baby I got cha money
so many followers
I know Ty and I coming down one weekend to visit family!!!
We gotta go out one night!!!
Finally got my presentation out of the way.
I sucked but whateva
thanks for the help anyways.
i appreciate it!
havent been to the store in a while, i'll have to swing by sometime soon
Be Safe Sacramento, Use a Taxi if you are going to doctornk!
9165018171 J's Taxi of Sacramento
Hey got any El Anatsui?
Might have a collaboration project for summer??
yeah it is!!!
i added you!!!
Thanks to all those who helped us hit the 200 mark on facebook :
Just had a conversation over the phone with a 23 month old.
North Carolina....Embarrassing
: FF and thankful 4 true friends Same Here!!
My Dad lives in MoVal.
What you doing out there?
Having trouble adding people to follow for some reason.
Anybody else having trouble with this?
Waiting for formal notification of Mali feasibility study grant.
Going to Mali Q3 of 09.
Style is primarily a matter of instinct.
Bill Blass
WeLoveJoBros Because they are freaking amazing : Love 3
This other kid starts singing I want Ms.
Chatman to READD the book.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANdoctorID TABLET REVIEW: Toshiba Thrive 10.1Inch 16 GB Andoctorid Tablet
Our website is pretty much done, just waiting on a few things to come together before we go live!
Oh how I love a sequence in which a young girl is encouraged to cheer on the objectification of her mother.
harcdore creeping on sexxy ass boys 
This guy on the Spurs' Facebook post saying there's Resentment between Pop and the players.
The hell are you talking about?
We are not ORL
I desperately need to get my hair done
Gotta love !!
I only pay 88/month for FULL COVERAGE, with 0 Deductable, AND a renters policy!!
All you moms on Detroit, have a awesome Mother's Day!
Goonies never say die.
...and a fabulous happy hour :
The oil industry does not own the sun, so the use of Solar energy has not been opened up.
These ppl who live above me are really stressing me out.
What is all this walking around about at this time of night.
grabs broom
if someone starts playing Rhinestone Cowboy I am going to be pissed  probably have to finish the 2nd bottle of
FACT: Adults ages 3045 take on more caregiver responsibilities as they raise own families  pursue careers.
GO FOLLOW NOW
Dwyane brought LeBron to Miami to do all the heavy lifting while simultaneousely being the permanent scapegoat.
On the ground in Boston!
yes I'm in but how do I give the photo?
Whether it's Yoga, Photography, or anything, focus, and let your light shine.
Calling all writers building our website on LD...If you have an article can share, contact
Woo!
We have screaming babies errywhere and it's finals weekend.
But hey, I'm getting out of a wedding shower, so...worth it?
what if its funny?
Mariano Rivera you were one of my favorite players and one of the best players of all time.
Get well soon!
The USA is still a populist country.
sorry I can't be at the grand opening!
If anyone is in NOLA, you must visit McClure's.
Stressed.
Should be sleeping, but there's too much on my mind.
my lil sis is coming!!!!!!!!!
make sure there is room in da car!!!
Good choice Radio 104 and congrats Allyson!
How do you ask a girl out?
Open the door and yell at her until she leaves.
lol lol I love Corey Matthews.
Pretty excited for the weekend.
:
Eagles are my 1 ranked Defense this week.
I could intercept John Skelton
could you please follow me..
i hope follows me she is so talented and so gorgeous :
Auntie M!
Auntie M!!
spins around in a circle It's a Twitterstorm!
they probably just like us because we're really nice people!
:D
What will I do without Ketchup
every single directioner on Instagram is crying their eyes out over !
What happened?
let's go check out lacma's 'under the big black sun' sometime next week.
we can stop by occupy la on the way.
having long hair for the day is so wierd O.o
Really wish Ja Rule would make a comeback
I agree steve, the iphone bores me to death too.
no chance.
low minor pro hockey almost dead in this state.
NAHL could prob coexist w/ Stars but the only rink just closed
Apparently a superhero this guys impersonates when he is doctornk.
www.tweetiator.com alerts you in real time when people share links to your content on Twitter and lets you follow and message them!
thank you for the retweet
The principal amount is not exchanged between counterparties, rather, interest payments are exchanged based on a notional amount
you can be my friend.
: teehee.
it's a great day
Amen.
What's metadata?
FRBR, now that I learned.
Oyf.
RT : It's true!
The World's Best Cheddar is naturally 100 lactose free.
Enjoy!
RT for real?
lactose free cheese?
Not a good day for packers.
A reason not to love the NHL Playoffs: having to watch hockey.
i'm bulletproof,nothing to lose.
Amalia Alarcon talking re: her involvement in the Equity technical adv group
About to play The Camp House in Chattanooga, TN with !
Chatty folks, come out!
Eager to jam with our new bassist!
Thank You All FF Peace  Love...
Her pr date has blue and white in his hair.
You and Jesus Barbie lead such busy lives.
:
Had a great auditioning workshop with last night!
I found it very insightful to learn from a director's perspective.
Let us take care of dinner this evening, come get a Grassfed Beef 'Spring Fling' or a Brown Butter Rabbit 'Easter Bunny'!
Open 'til 8!
Wow this E40 song has a Bjork sample.
I like!
Nice  RT Oh great.
Out of all days of the year for a CNN interview.
Friday the 13th?
For serious?
Thank you so much Pam!
She can kiss my black ashy ass!
RT : I told you to be quiet dude now you're gonna get it
Oh my god, what is that smell?...
oh right.
The baby.
RT :Mom calls your nameYeah?silence Yeah!silenceWhat?!?!?!silenceWtf sighs and gets up to go see what she wanted
or you could just wise up and follow the right people...
wow the Blue Jays killed the Yankees tonight.
well that's really cool
I would have to agree.
Holly's talent is unreal.
thanks Miri  Rick
Gears are turning.
Big announcements coming soon including dates for volunteer information sessions and registration!
Stay tuned!
Thanks for the follow!
What type of investing do you do?
If your nothing but negative , you life is always going to be negative .
Congratulations to the first 12 Associate Members of Lambda Chi Alpha at AmericanU!
A Lifetime of TRUEbrotherhood lies ahead!
Wow!
We saw SO MANY talented people this week...
We've got some really hard decisions to make!
Going tanning never fails to relax me
be safe Rick.
wow u guys messed up...
Of course ur gonna pick the crying fat kid?
When will you be in Chicago?
roger that.
will take a look.
do you have any design in mind?
In This California King Bed
Ditto!
: So glad I got to visit during aam2012 !
thanks!
The story's on wctv I think.
Christmas at my Sitty's house 
Awful news.
I'm still in shock.
: did you hear that Craig Cornett had passed?
I know I talk to you before
I regretted alot of things in my life,but I learned to live with it,it was the pass know this is present!
I meant did u get my Em Addoctorss?
Congrats to Turkish Thunder, Ersan Ilyasova on being named the Eastern Conference Player of the Week.
you already know.
SUPER BOWL!!!
currently I am working on a proposal for work.
complementing Sam on blogonsisters.com
you know that's your baby first :
Lindsay Lohan Gets a Li 'l Catty for Court In notsoshocking news, Lindsay Lohan returned to court this morning.
This is the umpteent
Love unconditional tho the hate is visiable , visibily rise like doctorsen with the lyrical ...
Love my books, they teach us to enjoy life.
Or to endure it.
The social network
how did you feel about cena gettin the F5??
Don't Panic!
Tips from Safe Kids USA  Story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
anytime hunny bee .
Great highlights on the news tonight!
Man, the nuthouse is rocking
Vibe'n to my old show music from back when I was 18, Damn that shit was live .
.
Wit the bro
Let me know next time.
We'll ride side by side in Duel stereo LOL
Stop trolling.
Mention me  teamfollowback I followback
When wearing Under Armour, pause and ask: Was it provided to me by a team or school I play for?
If not, take it off because you look silly.
but hes not famous right????
Do u know him???
Certainly.
I mean no one shld directly ask people to beat others up, but that indeed is not the accepted definition for some
I didn't follow you back because I didn't want to see your ugly ass on my TL
That's incredible!!
WOW!
You're still in Md.
on the HistoryMakers, right?
Back in NYC!
Why does the library always smell like a hamster cage?
no need for all that doctorma, esp on Twitter.
If someone upsets you that much thats what the block button is for.
nor does it mean that his explanation is necessarily correct.
standing in the sugarpit line waiting on in yourhands to start.
Lets get this city a Rocking!
watching criminal minds and tweeting!:
Obesity will crush the United States in oblivion.
overheard on the television.
your dumb, end of story.
Hello 1st time I saw your smiling face today, hope you had a fun Maine filled weekend!
wants to see tour.
bmaengage needs to provide a table for speaker's water
i know, everything is getting more visual, and I think it's because of broadband internet...
and touchscreens.
Stop.
Hammock time...
it's okay we'll FIGURE IT OUT TOGETHER.
:
so i kinda need you to go to your PO BOX and get the shirt...
i wanna know if you like it!!!!
:
CT2011  it will be slow to move to the cloud at my campus  all kinds of privacy issues, myths, pessimism, blah blah blah
When do they back it down?
At 1000?
Would you sacrifice your life for a night of love?!
thank you!!!
Just got home from a Cubs Sox showdown that was supposed to be for city bragging rights, but ended up feeling more like spring training.
New Call of Duty revealed May 1rst.
I really enjoyed it!
Hope I could provide some small guidance.
Perhaps I'll see you this summer, keep us posted on how things go.
Lets meet at the Chispa booth during the lunch break?
OdetoOldFlames is coming.
Real Soul music from my man
not sure welcome to twitter
Oh my just realised i have left my house with a hello kitty plaster hahaha
Join Out of Fashion artists Mary Tuma, Gabrielle Duggan and Talena Sanders as they discuss their work on Jan 19 , part of Talk!
Tweeting live from Woodland and Euclid in Lexington!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and Beef Barley Soup
Too bad daylight savings time didn't kick in every night I'm at work for 12 hours.
That hour ahead made the night go fast last night.
I love the smell of old computers.
So much Cuban food.
I love this vacation.
: He tweets about CNN.
I tweet about myself.
Lol
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/07/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Thursday night is Scott Wilson night.
Bring your nostalgia.
love that!
What are your top choices so far?
Congrats to : The Future of Film looks amazing.
Film critic shld speak!
yes you are
hey will you be kind and follow me:D
I also have several book ideas  plots, characters, settings...
But those take longer.
This is my 1,200 tweet...go me, I guess
what is that a picture of?!
Lol
requesting a follow back.
looking forward to the red carpet and the performances tomorrow night
hahaha and ironically, I love sour patch kids...they tie with skittles ;
I will for sure!
:
Since when did finals equal eat my weight in junk food?
I'm leaning more toward Harold Camping being wrong....but I have to wonder how many of those who believe his teaching concerning the end...
link to speculation in question?
NP Welcome to the Jungle
is your job hiring?
Don't know if it's taboo but something we rarely see depicted in ch/YA bks is cross doctorssing.
Also transgender parents.
It's aright and it's nice not to be so alone, but I hold on to your secrets in white houses
ugh my brain is spinning what to do what to do
: Lol, sadly I bet more hours are spent on the email than the meat!
So true!
hey do you know fan mail addoctorss..?
such a smart way to use twitter!
MT : Need a fresh read?
Tweet us the last book you liked  we'll make a personal recommendation!
The HUman VOIce a Instrument, a GIFT......
A BLESSING.
love jazz and
tired of inconsistent, unnecessary bureaucracy.
Smash Mouth  Bassist Paul DeLisle  Wife Accused of EXTREME Domestic Violence
So hot in Raleigh today.
10AM sure came early y'all.
Guess I'll roll into work and put in my 6 hours before calling it a day.
It takes more than capital to swing business
two days in a row!
Can hardly walk today!
Foot massage anyone?
howrace it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you play the game.
Also, team five definitely in the lead.
I love 3
But that has nothing to do with being a hipster.
Amazing knit wear designers in Brooklyn  just fabulous!
I am starting to knit bags again  passion still, 13 brights!
Yarn Studio
Emily's 15s with Dayana  Melissa :
I did it.
Trust is the hardest thing to find and the easiest thing to lose.
This on the World Market for the buyers and the salesmen to use lightemitting diodes lightemitting diode lightemitting diode o :
Whats a King to a God?
is wishing a very happy Mother's Day to all of the beautiful, sweet, and sexy MILF's out there.
Also, well wishes to all other moms as well.
say what??
I Have one thing to say
Hey Milwaukee Research Park come find us today in the Innovation Center on the 2nd floor in the Gyro Dome!!!!
no ferpin way!!!
We're not open today, but we'll see you tomorrow!
Our Acme Tuesday Special is an AllAmerican Combo for just 4.25!
ok Oprah!
Live your BEST life!!!
Omg I love ur song SoListen feat.
TPain its incredible!
Imma randomly start singing this in the middle of class :D foshow !
I just saw your DM you send 2 wks ago.
Sorry.
On the farm today: A man is buying his wife goats for Mother's Day.
: Don't know if she has other kids.
Sweet.
Taking on the phone  on twitter at the time
Felt it in roc also
Mister Santorum, please take a moment to read the U.S.
Constitution.
BestSupportingActor goes to...
sorry to miss this
That should have been a g.
int.
call on Geno, we caught break.
Thats twice we've hit Bryz now.
Gotta look out for Flower in 3rd if up.
Thx Mo!
I was in NYC.
I'll be there for good in a week!
No one even cares about me
And preserves income tax!
MT BowlesSimpson?
Why embrace tax hikes while leaving left's Entitlement State?
Sucker's deal.
Be Book Smart this summer with RIF and Macy's!
Give 3 to RIF and Get 10 off a purchase of 50 or more.
100 of every 3 coupon goes to RIF
ehhh i say just do it
Boy, you're 25 now.
That feeling isn't going away anytime soon...
Thanks for pointing that out.
We've corrected.
Wikipedia has her moving from Marin County to Riverside County last year.
You're welcome.
It is very helpful.
Using it in a presentation today!
:
i hear ya
Lmao, feel free to cross the rainbow with us anytime ;
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love Stendhal
Just finished show 2!!!
Great audience tonight!
I love my fans!!
Thank you Forestwood and Briarhill MS!!!
; B good God bless!
Lord of the rings marathon.
So fantastic
what?!
No!
Decisions.....Decisions.....Decisions..
Wow Lions BEAT the Cowboys 3430 Final.
Yep, I said BEAT the Cowboys.

thank u!
That just made my day aha 
Sorry hun, but no.
evan is a talented rapper check out evanwrekn.com, he is a breath of fresh air
Some Sweet freeway billboards around San Diego starting in April 23rd are on firesale Email me for pics
Boring History movies..
is beyond fantastic right now.
Last of the Mohicans!
Cooking up chorizo for pizza tonite.
Gee there's a lot of grease!
Arik Cannon won with the Glimmering Warlock and Roderick Strong won with the Gibson doctorver.
Only 10 days until new iPhones!
Did you see the Siri voicecommand function?
How long until it turns into Skynet?!
are they bringing the jars, too?!
.
If you give me rope and put a gun to my head and say you're dead one way or the other, yes, you're guilty.
He didn't come to win against Donaire, only to not lose spectacularly and collect his paycheck.
No argument here.
Starbucks has fixed the mobile wallet with their mobile app  people actually use it.
Column: Will Lindanity break out at London games?
ESPN
you like the fucking finish line we can't wait to run into you!
Today, April 4th is Easter and also one year anniversary of my Carnegie Hall debut.
Happy Easter!!!
thank I sit gladly
Used in retail, why so appalling in pro sports?
RT : Really?
Blazers making prospective general managers take a psychological test
Thanks again for a wonderful experience in Lexington!
This course was tough but a blast.
It's a race we'll talk about.
they do that to me too lol
The good thing about Patterson is I can read his books in a day and get it back to the library for another one fast.
Welcome!
Thanks for following!
smbmad UWsocial Glad you like the atmosphere and educational value.
Keep on coming.
Welcome to Twitter!
FF , Civil Rights lawyer and director of the Southern Coalition for Social Justice.
Listening to the Battlestar Galactica soundtrack and getting all emotional up in here.
Damn that show was too good!
yep i know.
i can tell by way he talks to me.
lol but id feel that way 2 workin buch of days n row.
: so jealous!
That's our favorite!!
8 yrs ago lived a life furiously doctorven by something deep beneath the surface.
I didn't know what I didn't know.
How could I?
OMG THANK YOU!!
RT : Ladies, I don't know how to tell you but um.....
Duck lips in your pictures are NOT cute!!!!!
I find it amazing that I have all the patience in the world with kids but no patience at all with adults.Wish people would just do their job
Lmbo!
There's nothing wrong with me thinking a lot of guys are cute!
Haha
Why not?
its not just the outside i like its the inside i love about herr 2..
shy girls is the sexyy ones..they got those sexii voices like bree
Thanks for making the conference great.
We'll be sending out evaluations this week and can't wait to hear your ideas.
have u not heard?
I'm starting a men hating revolution n I'm the ring leader
GO GET YOUR PHONE!
For fuck's sake!
What kind of stupid fucker wears Fanny pack You ain't impressing 'em, kid.
I can tell you that.
That's so 90's
four current BoD members of at the brand relaunch and new website launch
Robbie: Hey Mommy!
You wanna wonder how i got up here?
Ha!
I love Tattly.
So fun.
Hard to resist.
Hoping the battery tender does the trick and I just need a new battery.
Dont want to replace the charging unit.
Whatifestos:Jacob Padoctorn for TCG2011 inspired by Luis Alfaro, Bill Rauch, embraces generosity  theatre of you r my other self
Good morning DC!
Rise and grind!
I so agree with your assessment!
Although I did prefer his hair long vs.
Buzz cut.
Marketing Assistant C0595 A confident self starter with good basic marketing skills and strong IT knowledge.
Event managing at Trade shows,
I apologize for the DM.
Thank you for the heads up, hopefully it will now stop.
Yikes.
Going to see a screening of ProjectX with yay!
Woo hoo!
Boomer!
why don't you have your phone??
Just saw the paper!
who's that wierdo next to obama?
oh wait, it's dark mark!
didn't recognize him without the stash!
I may crack every now and again, but I'll never break.
So keep trying, I'll keep smiling.
that worked.
Interesting article.
Thanks.
I need a life.
Quote of the Week: Don't Worry.
Don't Hurry.
Do your best and let it rest.
Unknown
you in n.o ummhhh dont get shot
too many?
at some point they'll just cut their losses.
Learning a lot about salary compression, and why it is bad for history.
All the same!
I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming.
Bach
i love your new song i have listened to it so many times it has been stuck in my head all day i Evan got my sister to like it!
AMSN to Bring CNC Machining Services to Georgia to Promote U.S.
...
I was just informed by an AF buddy of mine, that my site is blocked by gov't computers It's good to know I must be doing something right!
DWTS Agreed...he seriously was great!
Turnt UP!!!!!!!
So happy for the Elitees !
Got mad respect today!
It won't be long Let's meet up and go together!
That Paris exists and anyone would choose to live anywhere else in the world will always be a mystery to me.
So True!
: If u walk into a situation bent over, there's a higher probability you'll get screwed.
Stand up for yourself.
I had no idea.
It looks like tons of fun.
We should go next year...doctorss up and have some fun!
members can now purchase tix 48 hours in advance but pay fees?!
First time using this hashtag:
Love how the whole TNT crew hopes the league doesn't suspend Rondo why so we can have more players hitting officials?
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button...
Mike KiddGilchrist is out.
wish he can come back bro.
: so true
Hi hi
Durant Already Warming Up!
Had a face to face with my CEO about social media.
Just me and him.
Saw the lights turn on.
He gets it ans supports it!
OH MY GOODNESS!!!!
hi!!!
when did you get twitter!!!!
Miss you so much its ridiculouS!!!!
How have you been?what u doing??
U got these free throws
A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life.
Did you know?
Although a surgical face lift is done under general anesthesia, it is just a 23 hour outpatient procedure.
Semi relaxing geting myself ready for work, diva by day.
mommy slave by night
hello everyone how R all
Thug ladder
EVERYONE SHUT UP, SaySomething IS ON3 and ITS PERFECT 2
A day full of laying in the sun / pool, reading, good food, and family is just what the do doctor ordered!
SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUP NO HE'S MY HUSBAND WHAT
Mission SuperImpossible Boast Protocol
Hope she will kick Cyborg Santos's a!
I wasn't being doctorven to distraction by envy BUT THEN YOU MENTIONED THE DOG.
RT : Good people!
Friday 3/16 Marc Evans' Big Little serves up Shrimp, Grits, Soul at Earth Month Part 1
THIS IS NOT OKAY IM CRYING
LMFAO.
GET UP and go outside then xD
Dunno?
It's weird.
knowing that I'll be Truckee in the am, makes it worth it tonight.
great catching up with you and your wife..
will have to run into you at the airport more often.
That's right.
One little mistake  boom, Season over RT : Have to say...
OT hockey in Game 7.
Man...
Crazy.
Night!
You did great!
Not sure why it would interrupt surveillance, since surveillance systems are usually running on a hard wire.
Looking at the blue sky.

The correct quiz answer  White Spanish Broom.
Unfortunately, no one guessed .
Prayer tonight!
Come on out !
1930 S Wilmot 7pm..
The Avalanche, winless in 10 straight and 14th in the conference, will join them if they lose
My pleasure!
BalueCo.
loves Harabu House!
where is it?
inside the store at gerard's?
If.
If I win this 640mil lottery, I will stop using twitter!
i will hire a person to tweet on my behalf.
At least that's what yo punk butt need to be thinking doctora
EUGENE HERE!!!!!
LOL
for the record I lit everyone else up but u.
Lol
Two American cities just did a collective sigh of relief.
Great win by the Giants.
thank you.
Great way to get motivated!
Thanks for sharing it.
You can't be that girl I adore you don't know what your heart if for!!!!!RT if u know what 1D song this is!!!!
at 11th and Jackson.
Looking for a restaurant.
What kind of CD player is that??
Greed, arrogance, aggression, and a demanding, disgruntled and unhappy disposition all arise from a constricted sense of self.
If you're in Seattle or know anyone else in Seattle and know how to do sales, my company is hiring.
I'll split the referral bonus with you.
We have a preview of the South Side Soup Contest today.
Trust us, you're going to want to try some too.
Thanks for the mention!
CERAWEEK Bahrain unrest could eAsily spread to saudi
Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery.
As long as you know lol RT Y'all think Lawson was hoopin...Westbrook bout to run all over us in this next round.
what happened?
disabled train?
well you can calculate how much heat you need to add to your system to increase the temperature to boiling temp.
works w/ social, private  public sectors to advance wellness, earning and learning of vulnerable populations
Yikes, even better!
RT every NIGHT 11close at 3.
10 for 3 Aces Double Double, PBR, and shot of Old Crow.
Enjoy UniVillage!
Augustus Hare Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in ones horse as he is leaping.
Peter!
Beware the jabbaofthenewsdesert MT groggily make my way out of the cave into blinding light.
cannot believe my eyes...
The most important factor you can keep in your own hands is yourself.
I always placed the greatest emphasis on that.
Eddy Merckx
Young people are the future  the future is NOW.
They elected Obama and will force change in Egypt.
Way to Step up.
U all kick ass!
Don't love me because it's convenientlove me because you mean it.
LT Idk how that happened though cause my coworker is SUPER humble 
Like in what way?
I have a favorite depending on the topic.
Cuteness?
Personality?
Performance?
I wrote okaybitch I need you for for the okay parts and I'm thinking a verse by and
The endorsed Scott Peters for Congress.
We could use your vote in the CA52 primary
Let's Go Wildcats !
We Can Do This : Lady Wildcat 40 3
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomisterow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!!
I swear if saw that video of me and my bros cookin he would put us in
Will be here at least til 9.
Big day tomorrow..
At eating some bread with sauce and cheese on it
omg can I?!?!
text me
so stoked my favorite projectrunway designer is in Dallas tomorrow
I do.
Can't stand him.
I really have to get ready, finish cleaning and pack for tomorrow
No matter when we work our hours, we still have 40 hour work weeks.
How do we make answers available at all hours?
Red is perfect it has AAS and WIM but why FATS has to be in Blue!
Crying :' I'm hoping has a NYC date and it's gold
One the NFC East is suppose to be the hardest division in the NFL and it is clearly the AFC North.
hm my first Columbus Day in Columbus.
am i supposed to do anything special to mark the holiday?
Most disappointing is tough, probably the wide receivers.
All of them except doctorver!
i mess my mama's house :c
the moto family is gathering for a thanksgiving staff meal.
Wish I was 21
They were the games I always went to when I was a kid
Tbh..
nobody wants to like your status!
ahaha that was to funny
Started the day with a nettle infusion dark as the sea at night, quinoa porridge w/gojis.
Nowcoffee!
Finished project 1 in my ceramics class!
Thinking about posting project pix in my blog
if shes calling you , it must be whack lol
I'm okay and you
Yeah i know !!
Have any of them deleted yet
I wish would get on so i could ask her a serious question!
All the harm that 'ere I've done, alas it was to none but me.
I like to see people doing good.
Doesn't matter if I know your or not.
Feel like I'm in the minority on this 1.
The Spurs are going to roll over the Clippers
Today has been a crazy day...
I just want to go to sleep and start all over again...
Honesty, that's not something that has ever crossed my mind.
Now im out of high school I need to change some aspects of my life no time for childishness or inmaturity
i hate customer service!!!!
how may times do you have to say can you hold one moment.
and then say i don't have it but you charged me
Tonight: Heineken  presents at SET  Ladies, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar 
Sold out as I typed in my info!
I feel like TRex just stomped on my heart.
;
Give me one day out there.
All I ask is one to hold forever.
Making a fanbook for the boys when I meet them in May.
RT if you want to be listed under Follow These Directioners
I tasted some really interesting Malbec, Malbec/Syrah and Malbec/Cab from 5900ft absl.
Really impressed and shocked me!
Billy Boy Brad Record Spin tonight at 9.
Stop on by for some cold beer and great food.
I want some Popeye
couple times a week but never with NO tip before that is so comedic to me lol
damn it damn it.!
Take it easy on Lebron tomorrow!
Soulman Sam will blow the roof off our club TONIGHT 9PM!
Get here early  avoid the line  10 cover after 10pm
Meli you're not even invited
I've been naughty.
Spank me?
No such thing as light work w the Jamie : Omari I wish I was  stanton I'd be doin some Slight Work on 
Will my wife be angry because I woke her up or because I didn't wake her up sooner?
Thanks for the RTs
The Treasury Department will announce the results of their 24 billion 10yr note fundoctoriser at 1pm.
some of our favorite finds hong on the range...
U should read the dust jacket or touch of the clown...
nice to see you!
Good Morning!!!3
here we go again
We can only hope.
I GOT INSPIRED 2 MAKE RED VEILIT CHEESE CAKE COOKIES: yum!
long run with dad this AM in prep for !
Happy 65th bday LioNEIL.
: What time is Blue  White game Saturday?
Jen says shes truly saddened.
What about her?
Shes a sibling in law.
Tomorrow is Election Day!!!
Polls open at 7am and stay open until 8pm!
Exercise your rights  VOTE!!!
Thanks, Belle!
Did everyone enjoy their extra hour of sleep?
I enjoyed my extra hour of crocheting :
Post a pic if you get a chance?
Pretty please?
: I want to see!!
it will be this summer
Rob, thanks for following me!
Hold fast to doctorams, for if doctorams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
Lanston Hughes
I am on the most donkey infested table I have seen in months.
Ty for informative Bully discussion event last eve let me know when u want to org 'Parent Poker Face' workshop!
:
Not at all, most will be national and many will be international.
The idea is to allow new talent to finally enter the game.
I just fell in love with my bed!
Shout Out to
no worries doll!
going to see her today..and she worries no matter what i say..she still thinks I'm a printer..
:
Thx for the tweet!
Will pass on the love to Cindy Selfe.
Perhaps we'll see you at cwcon or other conf later this year?
I like that lil' Wayne is rocking truckfit at the
Do people named Siobhan truly not mind the nickname Shiv?
YouKnowItsRealWhen you expirence it for yourself.
PalmBchPowerPartner 2223PalmBchLksBlvd The Event Hall Suite101.
Looking forward to seeing you.
8am Come.Get.Grow.Go
You kissed it?
Be ashamed.
RT : : Oh, don't forget he had a nose ring too.
I kissed that!!
Guilty  lol RT : Hahaha so true lol RT : Virgo is a nag when they dont get what they want.
there goes your abs
That's what I'm talking About Good Game !
Oh therapy can you please fill the void
Hey DAC alumni: Could you share with us on our LinkedIn group page what you're doing after gradation and how DAC has helped your career.
FF Folks going to coffeefest next week in Seattle!
Finished the audio book version of Start with Why last night.
Great way to attack your corporate Marketing challenges.
i love water.
its so darn refreshing.
It's AskAndoctora day!
Send me your AFC North questions for today's Mailbag by 3pm Eastern via Twitter to be included!
Last year over 240 million viewers worldwide watched the London New Years Parade / thanks for this info.
Steve 3 Kellie
I'm jealous it's snowing in Omaha....
Looks like so much fun!!
we'll never be right till we read our wrongs and we'll never be done with these same old songs so wake up we'll wait for you again
Always a fun day when your building catches on fire.
10 Meal Deal today!
Any panini, one side and a soft doctornk!
Yum Yum...
.
will lure you to the main stage at ConcertsontheCurve with Coyote Chicken sandwiches and grab  go desserts and bars
so do u have a story for me?
haha me too
I was thinking of going out for PinkSlime or maybe another quality beef product for lunch.
Anyone want to join me?
Believe in Make Believe
Individuals who deliberately decide not to take offense lead happier, more productive lives.
hey wusup wow u not a baby anymore i remember when u were like 2 lol how are u
I really want to learn how to doubledutch jump rope, and sing a ghetto ass rhyme while doing so.
JUST SAAAAYINNNN
: the cable man is  lol get the hook up then
is close enough to Centerstage for ya?
Happy New Year, peeps.
Kevin Hart Stand Up  Kevin Hart Movies
Let users know why Office 2010 will be good for them to get buy in and boost training attendance.
Just got done eating breakfast
dude where's my car?
I want to go.
If you guys can pick me up?
Abel isn't Going to be there .
Hello!
Just wanted to say hi.
Hollandaise..
hahaha, oh Cohen, ya kill me.
Gucci this bitch
I hate when you have weird smells in the house and you can't find the source.
Sometimes, it's even worse when you find it.
:
I thought you were ON the show.
Tease!
Wanna race to see who can book a comedy set first?!
is a LOSER !!!
I won this one :P
Yeah, that sounds plausible.
But do you know depressed extroverts?
Was Joel Pett trying to sabotage KSR  with his intentional professornity?
Thoughts,  ?
no, it's fake, But I wish it was real :
Check this video out  White girlz go dumb 2 youtube.com/watch?vn3EaLM via
Thank you Big Brah for the Birthday Shout Fam Thank you!!
Your decisions decide your wealth.
REMEMBER DDW
How about RT 4 alternative British cricket commentary Americans might dig?
Follow  learn abt best sport ever!
De brunch con la GodMother!
A punta de CafÃ© con Leche....
el viajesito es largo!
Yea ur a hoe lol but we knew that it's only a surprise to you
Bask in the glow of your own vitality.
That was Badgers' offense anyway under Chryst.
Lotta playaction off great run game.
Suited Wilson perfectly.
just shut up Trey.
Youu made the decision.
awesome that you met up with
Going through all of our footage for the documentary....can't wait to piece this all together
I like a girl wit some red lips
Many wishes 4 a long/healthy life r yours from Minneapolis!
Woo 2 the You Are Married Now hoo!
Best 2 u  yours.
4 4ever!
nyy yankees KUDOS to Tex for the game winning HR.
Swish got us back into game.
Tape measure HRgreat catch Grandy!
Defintely.
Writing to NIMH to do more analysis.
What the hell am I gonna do with my life?
Thanks to for my new ophthalmic frames.
If I have to wear glasses all day, I'm happy to have a pair I barely notice.
Nothing professorund today.
coffee sleeves, coffee sleeves everywhere...
those can have your ad, brand msgs on thsm.
Happy mothers day to my mommy : i love you 
Mona, this time she tweeted contemn and decry contempt and indignation
fish tacos
HUNGRY ASS
aw damn, and the 100
POTTERMORE.
Y U NO LET ME IN.
omg!
And I actually know who you're talking about!!!
I don't like her ass either!
Pull it together Villanova !!
On the streets of New Orleans less than 30 mins and already got offered doctorgs
On local giving: RT : We can walk to our corners and can say I built that, I planted that, I organized that
will have a CD coming out soon enough!
He is super talented and his voice blows your mind!
What?
Am I some kind of Summoner?
I can just summon footage to my phone like that?...
Sorry that was stuck in my head, had to get it out.
Going to get a haircut after school for free
at least Ron Paul loves his porn Stars
Marvel Comics We Are Marvel Heroes Youth TShirt
again.
But I don't know if my mom will let me cause I need to pay someone back for the One Direction tickets next year :o
yayyyyyyy!
Glad you had a good night
I'm ShoppingSmall today for Small Business Saturday.
RT to share where you're going to
I'll teach you!
You should come back to the Midwest for a while!
he needs to release tax returns in order to make this a now issue and demonstrate the importance of transparency!!!
: Happy Birthday Fatty!!!!!Thanks
A celebration of Bob Dylan music by Sam Fain, Michael and Frank Shelton  TONIGHT  7:30 p.m.
Cmon up and see us!
marc11.
Don't cry in a conference room.
My dad taught me this when I was 10.
Thanks dad:
Tomorrow I'm doing a 60 min.
green roof and living walls presentation to the building systems class at the Design Institute .
Should be fun!
Hi Christina!
Thanks for the follow!
Are you back in Boston?
Your so amazing, I would be so so so so so so so so happy if you write back to me  please write me  write me anything!!
we've figured it out  new startup MO: sfpl study rooms  cheap juryduty specials in civic center w/
Lets get to 750 Likes!!
Repost this..
The 750th like will get a 10 Gift Card..
That good feeling you get after every workout never gets old 1up to golds gym
Just caught Pinning away!
Pinterest is addicting isn't it?
same to you
Annika is wandering through the maze that is the customer service hotline.
thanks for the follow.
We're the middleaged, manboobed version.
;
can you tell the guys that they need to develop an autosave feature while users are mapping routes on their sites?
My new catch phase is no short  to the point
One time beer moocher and Former White Sox AllStar Robin Ventura has been named the club's manager.
All Aztec fans believe.
RT : : So nervous I feel sick...
We Believe.
Getting pretty crafty
Yup a hoe  how Bitch .
I told yo Ass I'm on tha way but whatever
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
Heading to Toronto tomorrow.
Taking in a Rays/Jays game and then seeing the Yankees for 2.
Will miss them but no family in tow.
at lest it is middoctorftMonday any man you want me to find for you today?
Haha, I know!
hah shut up Mel!
Loving that is playing Jesus, etc.
It's in the mail!
Can't wait to give it a whirl.
All hail spacerock originating from geodesic domes!
I know you play for the Dbacks, but it would be great to have ya on the Mets!
Your one great player, and your brother!
Making my way back 2 this music
Now featuring the solo piano jazz talent of Mark Shearer...his album Through the Window is a treat!
There are 11 different demensions occupying the same area
So hungry and no desire to cook.
Snacks unappealing too.
What to do?
doctornk?
Ok!
Seriously with.
The BIBLE say Adam and eve.
Nothing different
Awww wait ago for u I am so proud of u and I lovee u so much!!!!!
39;American Splendor39;: Your 2 p.m.
Buckeye Bits AE trivia
My husband finished the Chicago Marathon today!!!

Don't marry a man unless you would be proud to have a son exactly like him
Shock Horror!
Berlin VC Invests In Italian Startup.
Is This The Start Of Something?
They MLS may want to spend the money, but where would it come from?
I don't know...
140 characters will cramp my style.
Yes, agreed!
At Harvest Crusade at Angel Stadium.
Watch live
AW, we love !
She's the sweetest thing!
Thanks for the FF, darling!
I like these camps.
When will next thatcamphilly be?
Here's wishing you a nice day!
:
archery day was super, I want to sleep now.
Hanging at the Entrepreneur's Growth Conference today!
TWITTERPLAY Lights up.
Man on Toilet.
Loud pooping sound.
Man grimaces painfully.
From toilet bowl Revenge!
Lights.
They Are Rare A.F, but Just Know That When You Meet One, boa.
lol Let Me Know So i Can Harlem Shake For You.
76er's getting there points only by free throws.
Touchy.
I mean touche.
I gotta fucked the game but I left it where I found it.
2 hour flights are so humane.
every time i come to the park, i smell weed.
Anyone got exciting plans this weekend?
thank u !!
I'm starting to rethink my position on eating hooker pussy
.
Thank you for the help!
Your concerted efforts and musical knowledge are appreciated!
Still trying to figure out why D.
Wade decided to assault Kobe in the AllStar game.
lol kk she'sto sweet anyway you may be to rough for her lmfao and IKR everyone tells her
smokin' deals on waterproof ipods.
10 off all orders on the website.
Just type in 'WATERPROOFME'
shaunni is about tho blow up just stay tuned !!!
Thank you!
It's a marketing position.
I'm very excited.
Watching wondering if levy put too muck black in his shampoo...whatcha think ?
Whew!
I want it to be next weekend already
I fell for your personality; your looks are just a bonus.
Chune a play
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I wasn't cool.
I'm still not cool.
Internet connection has doctorpped 1 zillion times today so no more email.
Straight up old school calling w/ responses  no ones answering
Congratulations New Orleans.
You deserve it!
what ab Aubrey
Thanks man for the free tickets PatsPacerPlayoffParty You're the man!
I hate when I'm not expecting anybody and my buzzer rings I just ignore it.
I walk out into the living room Lil sis: hi sister r you awake?
wtf does it look like.
it's already 1AM ?
i always get so deep into movies that I don't know where the time goes !
You just have to feel the hatred of inefficient keystrokes flowing through you, and it starts to come naturally.
Dunno why.
You put my Love on Top.
YOLO You Obviously Live Online
Hi!: Can you follow me back?
Please:
Ah daily hate mail is entertainment .
and next time you get the fancy coffee with you Yankee tickets too LOL hahahahahaha
Forgot to insert the coffee funnel this morning.
Tastes just like normal coffee, only more exciting.
lol I guess 26 is old these days huh?
Good morning all...
Closing the week with a BANG !!!
Dear , Bush was President in 2007 when both House  Senate passed bill to lower student loan rates  signed the bill
Does this mean Walker will lose a fight to Ivan doctorgo in a few years and Barrett will have to beat doctorgo for WI honor?
absolutely, expect changes soon!
;
I would too :
hits 1 with doctornk On It  Blake, when you come to Fort Wayne, we'll doctornk On It too!
Congrats from your buds at K105!
Voting for more education funding is like priming the pump for a more prosperous economy
Hey man do u listen to pop punk?
Double fail  email notice to call Mitch McConnell at 5:27pm on a Friday
ITS BEEN A MINUTE SINCE U TOLD ME U LOVE ME..
Lots going on today: TechRanch brown bag  noon, Bridge Austin at Union Park then back to Tech Ranch for Bootstrap Web.
Good lookin out, I let know when I'm readyYoBoyH
has returned to the default world, and is trying to reprogram some of the defaults.
Anytime!
Have a great weekend!
El Cajon City Council votes 50 to giving a nice 2,500 donation toward the Miss El Cajon Scholarship 2012 program
I wish every one would just get off my back
OAAA just announced that the '15 Class had the highest starting GPA of black students ever at UVA.
132 1st Yrs earned a 3.0 or better.
I love Pigeon Toe!
Lisa is an inspired designer!
Now go watch Forks Over Knives its on NetFlix.
I broke this glass bowl and it sounded so cool!!!
Ok housing fence sitters.
The time to buy is now!
Lowest prices and lowest rates  professort.
Clyde Stubblefield's birthday is today.
Give him a twitter shout out, Quest.
If u wanna reach out, I have his contact info.
What are the 2 worst things to do in this heat?
Boil pasta  clean!
We can take care of one of those for you!!!
Any ladies out there interested in rooming with me at SPC12?
Send a dm please!
Psyched for my Alpal's 21st birthday!
Love you bud!
Since 1997, Singh's career has been punctuated by international exhibitionscollective  residences in Europe, South America and Asia
iband tv and mobile apps soon!!!
sounds like a win/win situation to me
Don't make me screen shot your texts from earlier.
Thin ice boy
I am just waking up from last night.
Ugh, so many bad decisions.
but this Momma does care about what you do...
Don't make me use your full name missy!
I'm freezing.
I hate being out and about in this weather!
Can't I be under the covers with and a movie?
Hopefully it never goes away, I've been after it since I was 7 years old, now I'm going on 57.
Thanks for the follow :
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me?
or is it always gonna be a doctoram.
follow me3 2
Conversations with my grandma and she livin' in the sky.
The Internet can be so dope sometimes.
We're all lit right now, but would love to involve history, poll sci, biol, geol  anything Thoreaurelated.
pretty good, what about yours
See?
I'm stuck out of the bag.
I'm stuck.
His presence makes me want sediment.
What if it's great?
It could be amazing.
why so mean
Thanks for the follow Kim!
hahahaha not w/ that's mine!
Plz dnt play urself baby girl...
RT Love : Took fam after 's recital  Ian sent Cam fave chocolate tart !
He's the best!
InVaSiOn in Blue field, WV 7/9/11 featuring HEAD; Eowyn; The Rep and many more...FREE ...www.cityinvasions.com
little diva in training :'
congrats on the DemiXfactor!!
Did you stay up and watch the entire 13 inning affair?
Would you rahter see Josh Bell or Mark K Reynolds at 3rd?
: It's National Lingerie Day.
Which means it's kind of like our birthday.
How are you celebrating?
Oh shit time to shop
researching eco interior designers
thanks for the RT!
I feel like you always hear the weirdest things in starbs
please follow me ...
Atleast its free!!
...
If that helps at all.
33
I am so tired of working on this project.
cries quietly to self and sucks thumb
And I'm done with CSCW reviews.
Well, for now.
preparing salads and rice dishes at home before your trip help cut down on prep time in the field....
Lol these people sound so dumb!
Sick.
RT : Wow shout outs to for that Mobb Deep instrumental on the BIG Commercial for 2012 NBA Playoffs
Great Women's Panel and seminars at
I literally wanna puke, but can't.
Sure.
I'll DM some contact info.
no you're right...they are the BEST!
we love !
This Class Is To Boring!
I Lovett.
Just like Lyle.
Jesus Christ Yuni.
Dwight says question can their pizza play DVDs Jim?
Excited to be at TETC11 this week!
im fucking lost with justin i fucking hate this omg
no what is that?
because it sounds awesome :
MT : : be fearless.
Start w big, audacious goals.
Take risks.
Experiment.
Embrace failure.
Gonna say happy almost a mothers day whenever I see a woman buy the plan B pill
Loves Jesus!
SDGE doing a press conference shortly about the blackout.
nowsmoking La Palina  2 bc if you are going to live, live well according to bartender at 1789 circa 1988
well it's really weird cause my brothers name is also Logan haha
: I demand to see both of you at that JC beer garden very soon.
Food poisoning never had such bad timing.
People dont realize that although I'm friendly, I'm not a people person.
I'm independent.
I'm better off on my own, always have been.
The McFarlanettes want to wish all of the Moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
May your day be full of love  relaxation :
Wrapping up my homework then straight to sleep I go not feeling good:
Taking A Step Back To Thank God For Bringing Me This Far In My Journey...
Hold on.
We are going to down to try and get some more info.
Be back in a few
I knowww.
My mom's just evil,  really good at changing my words,  taking EVERYTHING I say the complete wrong way!
RT : Been a solid 10 hours since I've seen an even mildly humorous dog joke.
Gonna be a long summer.
Sitting here watching Beverly hills house wives .
ahaha yea.
it just seems there is a lot of tension.
7 day information diet starting now.
Likes to boo but with a purpose.
Write that down!
Stop by 219 at OAH12 to sign up for enewsletter and the chance to win a sleek Borealis tote.
Keep your books doctor in this rain!
I am thrilled to have a Pret store in the same building as Insight Psychological Centers.
Dark, almost bitter espresso doctornks.
I'm not sure how I like it yet, but man is it crazy and raunchy!
I had not idea JCO could get down and dirty.
Math State Exam ...
wish me luck 
A moment of silence please while I grieve my poor ol' FB pages....
Oh honey boo boo child you know I's headed back to Sassville m
Going along with the Rory/Irish theme, had a Reuben for lunch today.
Darn good.
Congrats!
My goal is to actually BE my doctorver's licence weight when I renew it for my lateJuly bday.
Almost there.
:
Gah.
I keep trying to touch the screen on my MBP.
You'd think I'd have this down by now.
I am very much looking forward to annexing myself in a coffee shop and reading articles this morning about 'my' manuscript.
I just checked in at Staunton, VA using the Amtrak mobile application
Goodmorning!
Omg boyfriend is on iTunes now Yeay!!!; I luv u 
Does Paul have one more elbow jumper in him?
I'm looking for an intuitive online tool for group work, something that allows for sharing of documents, dialog and announcements.
Any...
be safe sis
The new soda fountain at noodles is ahhhhmazing.
haha i know.
I stoped by .its all good.
Took pic of front
The way the Brewers have been playing.
I'll take that action all day.
Q5 Depends on term.
No problem getting patrons 2 understand definition of interlibrary loan, but would use catalog instead of OPAC.
Wasnt with me shootin on my doctorveway
Happy thanksgiving everyone!!
omg lol...i have the same braclet as you : do u still have it
I do not expect to see you the rest of the evening.
Thanks!
Happy New Year to you!
I look at 2nd gen how they construct their identities/experiences in different natl.
urban contexts 12
RT : If you're in Gainesville, the coaches' polos are 15 and select hats are 3 at the UF Bookstore.
I'm late to the party on this one but taking a 28 yr old rookie qb is such a Cleveland Browns thing to do.
Never Give Up!
Chillin wit the fam: 3 more days till my big day.........
So happy i find a ticket on my car.
Thanks mtsu for your stupidity, arrogance and annoying policies to you, I reward you my middle finger.
We can hear fireworks coming from Golden Gate Park.
Twitter tells us it is a private party, SFGiants related.
10pm is a bit late.
Have a great day !!
Gloss rhymes with hair.
I found it via
I'm too lazy to get up and get food.
Blehh.
Daylight savings time!
Did you set all your clocks?
The weekend is quickly approaching...what is everybody doing?
I'm like what up wit ya baby;she tryin her best 2 ignore me;I'm like fat face, Lil nose,small chin,big bacc,Lil rib cage, big feet ass girl
Thanks.
i hope you got to sleep!!
;
I think I need to go and cruise the bookstore.
you're on Anderson right now.
Say Anything came out when I was 1 year old.
Its my face movie.
Big fan from Burma!
The last day of the semester is over!
Have a great summer cua!
i think i'm gonna tan today
Hearing great tips on hackathons practices from Google and Tech President reps in crowd.
that looks ridiculous in the best of possible ways.
thanks.
Hopefully we'll make it back to Tx soon.
Static cling is just physics showing us how much it loves us.
Nice choice.
I'm a Chicago powerpop geek and my friends and I always get a kick out of seeing you at Figgs shows in Chicago.
The most annoying commercials on the planet are the Viagra an Cialis commercials.
No one cares about your erectile disfunction.
Possibly the craziest game I have ever seen
HOW DO YOU KNOW IF YOU HAVE BAD LUCK OR GOOD LUCK????
comparing a lecture with reading books is like comparing instant coffee with a tea ceremony
my finger seriously burns
The kids made me feel old, ha.
Merry Christmas!
We hope everyone's day is wonderful and is spent with many loved ones!
.
MAHOMIES LOVE YOU.
No matter who hates on you, they're wrong 3
i just had some blue moon with cookie dough.
I thought of u the whole time.
CTA supporting a special focus on new technologies and web based initiatives eg how mobile phones can be used to access markets
It's a great pic of members of the TPW family!
Thank you for sharing!
:
RT : The more they remind us not to look at the solar eclipse with our naked eye, the more I wanna do it.
having only two doctornks and not remembering much Is what I meant.
mixtape promotion lets talk numbers
after she says what the cheese tasted like, you can hear some guy in the audience shout no
I got exactly what I was thinking watching the Lions, excited then let down.
Football, you gotta love, I think.

childhood home in IL  so weird
It's so weirdso I can't guarantee though.
Excellent Work fighting for our show.
:0 Bring Back Ringer
I always have the worst creative blocks on the things I want to be the most creative on
Excited for World Cup Soccer game tomorrow between USA  England.
I'd say; USA 3, England 1
Could you imagine??
me too but now i find them annoyin cause they so loud...
RT Consider this: if u have food in ur belly, clothes on ur back  a roof over ur head ur richer than 75 of world
Had to make a relatively good impression...
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Reach Floss Holders and most oral care products.
his sentence is actually longer, but he will most likely get out
RT : That laugh was well needed
who's that?
I'm doing okay.
Went to Nashville on Sunday, which was FAB.
How 'bout you?
Cannot believe bmore area counties are already cancelling school for Tuesday!
We already miss you!
Thanks for a great charity month!
You better believe you'll see us supporting YOU at the !
one of my co workers kept talking about me and I'm very sensitive about it
did they get a pick from the spurs too?
good luck tomorrow!!!!!
No matter how loud car alarms are, cars never seem to wake up.
RT : I didn't even know was on twitter.
Following them now.
Thanks!
I wonder if would let me do a photoshoot for my gallery doctoramland?
We saw phantom at Venetian and all agreed that it needed a little more to be believable :
Mfrs making videos in river oaks parking lot
feel that!!
can library institutions be racist?
excluding homeless and certain groups in library services?
Training has been canceled tonight due to the weather.
Follow desrocatrice on .
Awesome Will do!
Yup.
I coughed up something gross few minutes ago.
no relationship, no doctorma, no fights no problem.
;
Helfrich seems like a logical and good fit, knows the offensive scheme and could keep this recruiting class together
Pleasure meeting u as well!
Thx for the great hair advice.
I'll be reevaluating my shampoo/conditioner game immediately.
lol....i thought you bought a face primer!
I will do some research and get back to you!:
I'm serious and you're joking.
Lol
I have a good feeling about you.
Let's see where this goes just might be my famous last words.
I hope not ;
: Syracuse just sent a message to everyone watching, You do not want to play us in March.
b/c we don't score points
I'm the best dog friend though, right?
;
Long Island Medium DogChannel takes on a new meaning when Theresa Caputo channels a dogs spirit in TLCs Long Island Medium.
Im gonna keep going till i get one ill never stop
barely slept this weekend, unshowered, and didn't take my makeup off, the people at work should expect this every Sunday from me
Did you visit any museums/exhibits/famous buildings over Spring break?
Tell us about your experience!
wait, too much freedom.
Sometime today will work just fine.
;
this makes procrastinating so much easier...
ThingsIDontLike.
When people sniff their upper lip in public
k so i was in the store reading a 1d mag, and at nialls part, it says NIALL TIMOTHY HORAN last time i checked his middle name is james.
Thanks to schooling from , I can meaningfully say: Whoa.
no no no it was my phone I did not call you a hoe!!

sorry, angel funded.
Academia: scaffolded path to uncertain outcome; open source: uncertain path to specified outcome.
Thx : We disavow any relationship with that bunch and their methods, on the What We Do part of Veritas NM.
I see yummy food, cool people and a pair of neon jeans in my near future!
If any of you need an excuse to doctornk in the morning, Kujo is your beer.
People won't even know.
Um no.
But you can find out on March 8 when the article comes out...
; 
Thank you for following We Are Bitter Sober on Twitter!
www.wearebittersober.com
Happy 40th Anniversary to Pi Delta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority Inc.
You forgot to add on the 11th...

huge Pat Kiernan/NY 1 shout out today for that story!
oh man.
I love the Dube.
My points are up there !
And we shall name sir snores a lot, I'm sure will agree
hey honey; choppin'it
Have fun to everyone running LJHalf.
Can't wait to cheer u all on and run w/ Team gonna represent!
oh cool wat kinda show?
Ice.
Cold.
Beer.
Yeah, we've got a good selection of it.
One more hr to come in for dinner special.
If She Can't Ride On Her Tippy Toes Then
Curry says there is an opportunity to merge community/economic development
All Richmond and surrounding areas.
Want to get more customers and get your business cranking?
Lets talk?
Happy thanksgiving all tweetrs
Happy Mother's Day to brand new, first time mommies  3
We don't make art, we solve problems.
Best quote from the Eames documentary.
yep simply insane today!
The Morning Download: Open Source Software's ComingOut Party  Wall Street Journal
Its 2 much damn actin goin on, STAY ON UR DAMN FEET N PLAY D!!!
I WAS IN MACYS AND I SAW THE SOMEDAY FOR JUSTIN'S PERFUME OMG I WAS SO HAPPY :
Alright haha I'll ask my moms :
removed the clock from my menu bar in osx, much more tranquil...
too many clocks
Headed to you !
We are live at Sully's tonight!
Derby Week!!!!
RT What a huge day in news...Arrington/AOL, Groupon IPO delay, Bartz out at Yahoo, SEC extended a formal invite to Texas AM.
gigem
I also b  fashion shows, parties, clubs  bars oh  I love a fancy restaurant
hello how are you ?
Happy Mother's Day!
lmao I hate u
I need to take these damn contacts out before I go blind.
Damn restrictions....
Thanks, you're awesome.
:
Thanks for being my 200th follower
There's a head growing out of your hat :
Debating whether it's whether it to watch Obama deliver the state of the union addoctorss.
Is he going to baby the banks in his speech tonight?
Purchased as singles from the Paradox, of course.
I mean everything I Chased I made come into Exsistence in my LifeCareer.
Now I got the doctorver Seat that I Wanted im One Hell of a
Shoutout To TeamLNC We Are Winning 
thanks for being at the Disruptive Diner.
It's the people and discussions that make it great.
Last night was a flashback to the good old days.
Exhausted af but it was worth it.
Your work is a reflection of your personality, so the law must protect any distortions.
Obafemi Agaba
There are plenty of complainers out there.
But very few problem solvers
I don't own a TV either.
Watch movies on my iMac
BOX OFFICE MOJO: Think Like a Man Repeats Box Office Win with 18 Million
I agree, failure is a lesson that leads to increased knowedge that is priceless.
follow back?:

when do you get to coachella?
I have a feeling it'll be after I have left the QPrime compound.
My first Timberwolves game this season tomorrow night and KLove isn't even playing.
C'mon man!
so jealous!!!!!!!
That's what I need asap!
But you have to watch the Browns....
Trying to get a power nap before work
We must be kindoctord spirits  the name of my column is Empowered Parent.
I look forward to following you!
Those nights where you have just too much on your mind.
Now bout 2 hit the shower n get ready for my nieces swim party.
Eat n party with the babies now.
doctornk n party with the grown folks later!
Check it, replacing the L in Palin with a capital Eye.
If that makes sense.
Facebook is down for site maintenance, so I might as well go on Twitter to complain about it.
is human with superhuman capability.
If you could have a superhuman quality what would it be?
Can we get some RT's so we can get some more followers of Indiana High School basketball?
yes look forward to seeing you.
know what time frame you will be here
It was SLAMMED last night.The buzz is insane tonight as well!
Come hang out and mingle and dance at the bar tonight!
Hi kelley thanks for giving me your link
Thanks to everyone who participated in our photo contest!
Selecting winners was difficult, we had over 150 amazing submissions!
I'll see if I can go :
When did the comet get a stage?
Geez.
I guess it's been a while.
ive only had a pizza and cereals all day
I see we've reverted to the tackling technique preached by Rich Rod
Merry Christmas everyone!!
American Idiot was great!
where at?
your welcome its the only thing i notice in your pic;
ha!
hopefully he doesn't have to check in his mouth.
follow this girl  belieberhelpbelieber right?
: 9
: thx Aaron!
Love getting your and KR's tweets on my phone..hope your liking the West Coast!
Roons
We are NOT all Syrians.
Show solidarity without coopting national identity.
Peace Love and Awesomeness!!
3 Lots of Love, xo
eli2012 session.
Collaboration tool: provisioning the new learning Eco system.
Jim Davis, UCLA; Sally Jackson, U.
Ill.; Michael Wesch, KS
All dining tables are shipping inside of 36 weeks in anticipation of the Holiday Rush.
Thanksgiving and Christmas just around the corner.
ow much u chrge for features???
you indeed are now a slut
kiehl's creative cream wax
Dear I hear you love ALEC, in that case you'll be happy to hear I shop at Love ME
Eastpoint Applebees Join Phoenix Rising Today from 8AM 10..all you can eat Pancakes and Turkey Sausages 10.00 donation Spread the Word
Yes thank you, there were two storms that split on either side of our location.
Some minor damage to other areas.
But I love my skechers.
That's Because you don't have a prada backpack.
Have laid in 3lbs lemons, 2lbs honey, wood, anticipating the worst.
Whatever tomorrow may bring, there will be toddies.
Come at me, snow!
john, I will give you this.
Siva looked like a different player.
Happy for him.
He's a good kid.
I just made myself a delicious meal and doubled the recipe so I'll have plenty of leftovers.
Yum.
snow patrol jam session
Maybe I'm trippin., but it seems like that annoying organ only plays when the Chgo Bulls have the ball.
New snowfall this a.m.
Espresso in hand, soon to replaced by brushes.
Two acrylic paintings in process  once.
Promising day!
Still trying to contact Jarrod.
I agree with you about the fit.
how u like the song by Left Field that I sent u?
Can't tell if Brady looks determined or discouraged
At RFKstadium running doctorlls w/ the team to get ready for mobile ordering during games.
Hotdogs etc delivered to ur seat!
Justin Bieber's exgirlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
No notes.
Not a word.
Not a syllable.
This is either good or very, very bad.
: PIGS FEET TONIGHTyum!
yeah no sxsw for me either.
when did the hotels get booked up?
What new releases have you been listening to?
Shout em out and we'll shout you out!
But I wish s/he had asked me about them, instead of waiting to bring it up on the course evals, where I can't really respond.
One way to guarantee I won't watch my favorite : Sarah Palin
Even better than Favre's Pants on the Ground?
Favre's Ass on the Ground, tomorrow.
We're looking for more of a situational type upgrade.
If we can do that
BIG whynot RT : What movie to watch this afternoon?
such hypocrites.
My lips are slowly chapping and there is nothing I can do about it.
So this is how being helpless feels...waahh
.
is playing all the hits.
Just wow
Oh yes, do check out MCN.
Would be great to see you in person one of these days!
On a behindthescenes tour of Smithsonian Natural History's Global Volcanism Program.
Did you have that calzone yet?
Just checking up on you to make sure you didn't eat any furniture.
Well, thanks to the incredible support of everyone today just cracked the top 20 on Amazon.
Thank you all so much!!
good thanks..
You?
so you tryna get into the bar Saturday night?
Yes, the heart knows by Faith, even when the head can't see it by sense.
While I think it's goofy to market small oranges as Cuties, if it gets kids to eat healthy, I'm all for it.
Joe Camel to market brown rice?
Someone come play in the rain with me !!!!!!!
:
He's the 3 time MVP and ringless wit no clutch.
He's too cold.
Nd maybe one day but the cavs r irrelevant rite now.
Come on lottery or some random rich person who will die and leave me a bunch of money.
Ready for tropical doctornk.
Take this job and shove it.
Damn it!
Just got your tweet now!
We would have totally been down!
Just chilling and working.
It's gonna be a long hot summer men.
I really hope they straightened up!
Last time I saw themlike 2 yrs agothey were so messed up at their concert!
MT : I wanna see how many projects del Toro can announce and not direct before everyone realizes he died on the set of Hellboy 2.
haha I thought it was for him too:
How was the lady assassins play?
Damn, ever heard Chain Heavy?
Home?
My Way?
Dope songs to hear dude.
1996, then Metrostars forward Giovanni Savarese bicycle kick goal vs.
Tampa Bay in a comeback win.
not your fault hope u had.
Good time.
Did u tell the host who switched u already had a reservation but wanted to change?
Correction.
More followers who support independent theatre.
That is the more accurate list of
Baby Girl Dont You Ever Get To Comfortable!
thank u!!
Where have you been?
Thanks for helping us spread the word!
:
good question tho RT : You ain't shit for this RT : IS A PIGS PUSSY PORK??
Can I step on your state it's so cute and small.
It's like you can't even see it on the map!
:
S/0 To FC I love a great meal.
not good.
is it just a one start thing??
I keep my circle small.
Just because we speak don't make us cool and just because we cool don't make us friends
lololol im the same way!
yea, makes my head hurt just thinking about it.
RT Do not worry if you have built your castles in the air.
They're where they should be.
Now put foundations under them.
Thoreau
RIP MCA aka Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys.
The hip hop world lost an icon, but the music will keep on living.
Never Forget
My 500 tweet.
Man, I waste a lot of time on tweeter
The dogs are barking, I can't fall asleep ..
Happy Friday!
what u mean ?
I remember when I disagreed with the GOP's policies but all sides tried to work out a solution.
Americans weren't at war with each other.
haha it's fine thanks and followed :
follow it's just one button to press xx
I kinda like you 
Can you say purp?
Sad there aren't more people at the Yard tonight.
C'mon, Baltimore.
IwishIcould get more Baltimore high school juniors to register for this MAJOR scholarship opportunity:
I love you, can't wait to see you tonight.
go to sleep
Still awake.
Why?
I'm trying to figure that out.
Someone help me trend something big time rush.
how about, BTRSeason3TONIGHT  ?
hellppp mee people.
Starting w/ some good news at Weight of the Nation as announces its newest partner at 9:30 this am with pha ceo  wh chef sam kass
Good Morning Tweeps!
What projects do you have in store this week?
Yes!
once you establish your brand as an industry expert, you can add endorsements
Things I am not doing right now: 1 watching A Walk to Remember, 2 crying.
Listening to get free by
With my brother going hard at the gym!
thanks for the memories, A.D., MKG, T.J., D.M., M.T.
and D.L.
had fun covering this team
Neftali is proving me wrong tonight
IS IT HOOD TO doctorVE A BOX CIVIC OR DOES IT HAVE TO BE A BOX CHEVY?
Ha!
SHOEBOX'
ha ha I'll share a bed !
Wouldn't be the first time :
and the explorer will be replaced by...?
I find that life makes more sense when I LOVE EVERYONE and EVERYTHING!!
Hope you boys are having fun in FL!!!
Cancun reaaalllyyy sucks ;
Hey Eastsiders, come join us for happy hour
And he is a cutie pie too.
But he doesn't like me so I am just going to listen to him sing.
3333
aww.
My so grumpy?
:
Had the best pizza today at !
If you haven't been....what are you waiting for?
Join today post your highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
ya bru not talking about you we good
I love Night Court!
The Gloomy times was exacerbated by the Republican Party of NO  extreme partisanship against American interests
After the actionpacked week I've had, I'm just happy my beans are simmering nicely.
I suggest the Mophie.
Not only gives you extra battery life, but also protects the phone.
I use version 8 at USC.
I would be happy to share my experiences.
The Dems are getting more nuts everyday.
They don't seem to realize that people all people have love with their mislead ideas.
same place!
Thanks much for the RTs, my hometown hombres!
Had so much fun at the show last night guys!
That's gonna be our last show for the year, but we've got some exciting stuff coming in 2012!
No Twitter, I am NOT interested in following Hilary Rosen
Timothy Burke: dh is too often Web 1.0 in mindset.
// yup!
hell yea morning hustle is right.
Bring on the day ill kick its ass.
Manning Street launches a new website: Manningstreetcapital.com
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors.
Try to be better than yourself.William Faulkner
Phils squander a bases loaded no out opportunity but still lead 31 going to the bot.
of the 7th.
KISS MY BEAUTIFUL CARAMEL ASS
pretty laid back friday here at the shop.
rockin out to some gogol bordello and lookin to tattoo YOU!!
The market's rallying/declining after's report on...
As if.
We can go for months and not tune into them, then six months later we look in and the same stuff is going on
Some people spend their whole life wishing for 1 thing, I spend my whole life working for Everything
Good morning, I put wings in the day
great read!
Kinda helpless...
thanks becky!
LevitatedMass interviewed for doc.
Should have put make up on.
Hey, I'm a radio person!
Fun talking to people about art and engineering
u guys are family !!
I actually did too : Im still thinking about my crush.
Should I dump CarlosZambrano?
Meantime, got a speedy street?
Let us know!
Okay this sleep texting thing has GOT to stop.
I've been texting so many people my doctorams lately..last night it was my 8th grade teacher wtf
if I have money when I'm older my daughter is so going to be a diva pageant queen
where are you seeing that press release?

I feel you!!!!
I'm with you!!!!
I got something big coming...
You heard my song
Matt Kemp is out of control, I've never seen anything like this.
The guy flicks his wrist and hits bombs the other way.
It's
Ahh I love winter break :
Egad.
I involuntarily soil myself whenever Mitt Romney is around.
All my best silks are ruined.
What garment do you wear over and over?

Zusi lost tooth.
That's why he was down for a minute looking for it 
: Obama just became the first American President to ever openly support marriage equality.
This literally changes everything.
I'm glad you're still an egg.
Haha
You know, it's funny, after all the serious talk and passionate moments, that it ends here, in a healthfood restaurant on Sunset Boulevard.
And continuing the great day, Discover was awesome!
Apparently my dental education has prepared me for more than I had hoped.
P.S.
I treated the staff like chess pieces.
Duck off
tweet her at that's the account she's on right now.
X
is twitting on twatter now:
digging out from piles of work : but good!
need to move more  Mamavation more!
I am thoroughly addicted to my Samsung GalaxyS2!
Technically the Epic 4G with
awesome treatment with the brushes.
Great work fellas.
YES RT Kindness is sexy.
Good Day to You!
: Announcement 1 I have exceeded Twitter's following 2k limit.
Please excuse my inability to follow You for now!!
Thanks for the RT :
Sure, but I'm not their mom.
If they want to ignore me on a cell while checking out, I'll still do it with a smile.
They have no confidence in Romney, so they'll throw anything at the wall to see if it sticks.
If you would like us to send you one, that is.
: Forgot a word there.
I have just listened to my messages, laughed so hard Scott asked what was wrong, am packing my bags.
Love you Selena!!!!
askselena Do you love One Direction?
I'll show him in the morning when he wakes up.
He's gonna be stoked.
Actually, yes.
For the price it's a great starter.
It has decent tuners, inline instead of offset.
Glory!
Jesus grants this lowlife, this dogwoman, what she has asked for
really : I've been great
I have heard him note that it's the digital humanists whose work tends to get promoted in university news releases ...
Dear Alberta Darling, stop wasting your Koch money on mailing me fliers.
I will be voting to recall you.
FYI.
where have u been?
would love to hear from u.
ur my inspiration to overcoming my fear of my gifts...3
well skip we have to agree its going to be a long week for you!
Stephen A your the best in business!
will you have a video I can view later?
Will not be In front of computer at that time
lol I know!
I'm grown!
And I want some sperry's
i don't feel good at all, like both physically and emotionally
I am not a country fan by any means, but I would definitely buy a album!
GirlCanSing!
will you just get here already?
Apparently today is starwarsday.
So I say to you May the 4th be with you.
Unbelievable sale next week!
20 OFF EVERYTHING.
InStock,Closeout Room,and even special orders!
RT : A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.
Henrik Ibsen
...home in time for the 11pm showing of tonight's episode!!!
Who from south florida
One things for sure, your dentist will remain in business filling those cavities.
Jersey Shore !!
:
does anyone in Kansas wanna trade some cali craft beer for some 8 Bit Pale Ale?
?
Nothing, sir.
Nothing at all!
Ninja smoke bomb vanish
Isn't it ironic how We love the ones Who hurt us And hurt the ones Who love us?
Faithful listener, enjoyed Kris's segments very much.
John please make him a regular during this season.
I straight up need to get home.
Wish I was there
super high me
2010/2011's extreme winter, warm April, cold summer and doctor autumn...
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you...
good luck!
that program looks hardcore!
What flickering lights mean: 1 electrical problem.
99 demons.
Unbelievably excited to be a member of the cast of the FINAL EPISODE of DesperateHousewives!!
TV HISTORY : 
there's always the party in my pants...
Ready to get my dinner on!
Phew, don't know about anyone else, but I'm hungry...
Guy: I WON THE LOTTERY.!
Girl: OMG.!
Guy: Pack Your Shit.!
Girl: What Should I Pack.?
Guy: Everything, Bitch You Gotta Go.!
Lmaooo
you change my whole life :
It's really good!
I've never seen it before!
Back to the land of cabbage and sturgeon
Photography creates new realms for the artist  photography
Its part of this country nasty history.
Take responsibility for it.
and now i write.
I lack compassion too, but I don't care.
unfollowing.
We get you're straight, but all your tweets are just rude and hurtful.
Before I say anything else, I love my Moms B!
On tilt w/ NCAA hoops yet?
has 5  vodka for the bleary eyed tonight.
EVERY game on the flat screens.
Don't be scurd.
I've heard it both ways.
You're saying gee as in geek?
Or gee as in the letter G?
Pro tip: Turns out 45 cab ride to karaoke actually costs whatever you have in cash.
Cabbies don't like plastic here.
What's your favorite TED video?
RT or DM your 7 minute suggestions to and we may feature your pick at TEDxAdMo!
Wake yo punk ass up!!
Time to make 
maybe this'll mean we won't have to pay income taxes???
Haha that is very unfortunate.
I hope your other attempts boded better :
Does beer and popcorn count for carb loading?
;
south dakota!!!!
on the east coast watching the cleveland show.
Fart cancer.
thank you!
and I are head over heels in love.
oh cool
Success!!
Thanks,
Happy Birthday Fool!!!!
I could use one of those Dawn Bergeron hugs.
:
Yeah it is a good deal.
Kinda like Netflix with all the movies and shows.
Free books too.
new icon is as inscrutable as last.
But less creepy from a distance.
About to interview before his show tonight at SPACE in Evanston.
His new CD, One Day Die, doctorpped 3/29.
Good stuff!
: McDonald's breakfast again today
Confidence is the result of hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication.
Roger Staubach
NOW Serving ALL YOU CAN EAT LUNCH BUFFET.
Include Full Salad Bar, Pizza, Pastas, Meatballs and More.
Come in with ur friends family  etc.
You are one of a kind.
there doing big things how can u be a business these days with out a we code people hit them up asap
awesome song i always thought cudi made that tune...but of course..the one and only bobby dyl
Country boys everywhere 3 m love it!!!!
Wish he was here, he'd be my favorite :
okay!!!
I got you.
Fantastic mood
Ayy LadiesTravis Porter Bend touch yo toes :p
RT : RT : When you judge me without knowing me, you don't define me, you define yourself.
Any special plans for May 8?
1884 seems like only yesterday...
Such a wonderful rehearsal with  I can't express how amazing it feels to sing with the two of you!
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything
I would say if you're mildly educated you should know those.
I meant to mention in that tweet too :
PrettyLittleThings was originally a 145 page screenplay following a man who was a guitar player.
Woke up to a busted water heater.
No worries my paintings absorbed most the water...
Heeldo!
Want to send product samples to The Crash Pad?
Maybe we can use in a shoot!
Or should I say I'm sorry?
Ukraine freedom is not free..
are we still going paintballing friday?
And do yall wanna come over my house tomorrow
I didn't do the science Cus my dad didn't want me 2 :
Getting prettier everyday lol
Man, this ramen is going to taste good.
definitely!!!
RT : haha marinelayerproductions.com has been so hacked...
He says he is willing to wait i hope he is serious and really is down to wait cause i dont wanna loose him all because im making him wait
How do people just let their kids run around stores like that...?
I forgot a comma in my last tweet.
That bothers me.
I freaking hate grammatical errors on any level
that should be on your resume......
Congratulations to Suh for winning Rookie of the Year!
We're so lucky to have the Suhnami in the D.
k thank you very much :
Everyone go follow
back at work and feeling like vacation never happened.
Boo!
I need a spring break, think my boss would mind if I called with spring fever this week??
hope you had a good day 3
Billey Talen is a homosexual...
I bet it will come out soon
thanks Tom.
Enjoy your Sunday night.
1.
You're perfect.
2.
How old are you again?
3.
What does that mean lmaooo
Important new book publishing tomorrow.More to come.
Feeling the love this week :
10 seconds into Mad Men  Pete Campbell references death, life insurance, and suicide.
your players are , ,
I forgive you.
You crack me up.
PeopleLikeUs is a movie you guys  you obviously haven't been to the movies lately...
totally hear ya
if he gets coaching and off.
moves, he could be a top 5 center
I apologize we didn't have Milanesa.
I will share your suggestion with Kuko.
Bryan
Katy Perry To Rock Billboard Music Awards!
goal for tonight: read only A LITTLE before bed.
last night I started a new book  couldn't put the damn thing down, I was up til 2am.
oops
yea it was good seeing you again to..
the workshop was a lot of fun!
Since it's so cold outside did you bring your lunch today so you don't have to go out?
Great concert yesterday with Valerie Hartzel at Settlement Music School with
Not sure why or how but and I both lost all of our apps during the update process...
canne wait for chinese tonight!
Wow.
It's the 20th anniversary of the LARiots.
So long ago?
Feels like it was yesterday.
Folks are tweeting about 's documtry on now.
Thanks for the follow.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
I am Tinker Bell and when i touch you you love me
hey!
We're playing  Busbys on Wilshire tomorrow night  8.15pm.
10 for a show and all you can doctornk!!
maybe because he was in love with the attention he received from everyone?
maybe he didn't want to be officially alone
let me know lol
Where on EARTH are you?
I Love You too babe!!!!!!
RT Happy valentines day to all the beautiful women!!!
I love you!!
If we lose the Nassau Coliseum and the Isles it would be devastating to our local economy.
We cannot allow this to happen.
Sunburn Myths Stripped bare: Your risk of skin cancer is greater when you're a kid.
After 50, forgetaboutit!
Stay tuned.
You might have to suit up for Game 3
Thanks for the great map graphics panel.
Finally some video people at nicar12!
when a certain administrator thinks like the seniors actually still care about school
Was supposed to leave clt 5 hours ago.
2 planes and 2 mechanicals later, I am no closer to sfo, home, or sleep.
RT : As one goes through life, one learns that if you don't paddle your own canoe, you don't move.
Katherine Hepburn
I'm in my bed at 10:30 but then I get on Ellen Degeneres YouTube channel and time literally flew.

couldn't be happier.
i've found someone that'll love me till the end, someone who understands me, someone that'll love me for me.3
IT DIDNT RECORD ON MINE :
Good Morning!!
Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
5th period hope 
waited for you.
haha those are awesome ones!!
Ok, if you're willing to travel  on the north side, take Red Line to Loyola  155Devon bus west.
Try Usmania or Anmol BBQ.
of course it would be in Highland!!
thanks girl, we'll be sure to visit
So this time it should be really good
I'm hungry I think I want some nuggets from McDonald's.
Me!
We should Skype;
pssst...
did I hear that has FINALLY hit Seattle??
WHO is using it here?
cough lol
Nirvana, You're heading to a lady gaga's concert so get ready and pick up your things.
But New York is not as fun!
haha
I'd say I'm about one in a million.
I've probably only seen 2 people in my life sing in their cars as ridiculously as I do.
Yes about both
So in Denver on a 3 hour layover.
Still debating whether or not to get an epic Bald Eagle statue, you know to symbolize my bad assedness
If I could forgot him I would plz believe me
Wow, you're welcome :
RT : My lucky 888th tweet!
I'd like to dedicate it to the workers of Guangdong who made my iPhone, television, shoes,...
We have the new reissue copies of Modern Primitives available now!
25 soft back, 50 hard back, only 2 hard back left!
3RT : If money goes one way and your passion goes another, follow your passion every time the money will soon follow.
Contemporary Black Finish Solid Wood Night Stand Review
It's lunch time!!!
We've got pizza by the slice, salads and more!
Fresh, hot, easy!!
Fact: I've listened to multiple hours of that Christmas CD  plan on playing it louder in office as the holiday doctorws near.
Just sat in the DeLorean.
Guys, the MetsBrewers series is over.
There's no chance for retaliation.
They play the Reds next.
Harry E.
Johnson, the man behind the MLK Monument in DC  a TSU grad was commencement speaker.
He was awarded an honorary doctorate.
has really quick hands for a big guy.
What a phenomenal day at DECALDA!
Did that just rhyme?
GET IT!!!
So happy for you.
we should!
:
Wait do you mean the state or the street??I live near that street too!!:
between these and FB, I barely have time to work....kidding kindof
he's from Ghana, they made him Jamaican because they felt he'd be better accepted
I'm working the midnight showing of twilight on thursday as projectionst.
So don't piss me off or ill start your movie late!
Go
Oh no not a vuvuzela
Coffey tonight at the doctoram Center!!!!!
yea I think not ;
Story of my life!
RT Another solid round spoiled by two off holes, I need to put together a full 18 one of these days.
Your hands are vehicles of contamination.
don'touchme
What u thinkin boutRT : Ain't even thinkin bout sleep right now
mind blown.
How much time will this save?
no actually im very adorable thank you very much
All men are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality.
doctor Martin Luther King
My baby has his first ear infection.
NOT a milestone we're celebrating.
Hopefully his new Yo Gabba Gabba doll makes it a little bit better.
I want the / Rebecca Minkoff giveaway!
lol.
Yeah, the days of relevance for NME ended with The End of 90s Britpop.
Just talked some FSU conference realignment with Be on the lookout for the podcast later!
Matt LaPorta who knew.
dat whole email u could of saved it.
not much, how are you?
:
One man says: b/c of Sunhara we have many new programs in our village.
The women are more advanced and are learning a lot
The weekend is almost here again!
What movies are you excited to go see?
Aaaannnnd Animal House is up on the iPad.
Thanks for the time suck!
:
What happened to DevEatEmisterght ??
: thats the way it should be.
Give these hoes no love lol.
all that superficial shit holds no place in my life
10 more days left of school...
I lost myself lookin for you
Grizzlies be kickin' ass!
win a spot at the private event.
1DNewEnglandContest my doctoram though
Gobble, Gobble y'all!!
i left a glass of wine outside.
gnat holocaust
RT : And incest isn't a great genetic strategy!
yeah, was a problem for the pharaohs!
welcome back to the Chi Luk ...
That awkward moment when your alone with the guy you like
: Aries would rather be spontaneous than plan, so life with them will be full of change and possibility.
true
You are a character ...there is no one youer then you..
What should I do for my bday
well, you're the one who suggested it was our Post, so why knot?
Besides Pershing never lived on Post while he was COS
Son I think me you dee and Brandon the only ones that listened to DSR lol
North Carolina beach in 3 weeks...
yes
I wonder
Hi Gina, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
RT: : Just be yourself and let that be your guide.
if people don't like you, don't let them in your life.
Your RT this to win link is broken : but I really wanna RT and win!
I would like a pineapple.
I'll have to go to the shop!
are you sure it's not your ears that hurt from my terrible singing?
If you put a period after a joke on Twitter, it feels like a cheesy rimshot
I love the feeling when I stretch and my whole body goes numb and relaxed.
And SDSU falls to NC State...
doing great what have you been up to?
sorry guys i don't tweet alot on this account go follow my other one lol lo sorry
stop with your bullshit, already.
leave me tf alone.
: A total of 51,545 mail ballots have been received by this office by yesterday.
On pace for a 30 turnout.
Electric word, life; it means forever and that's a very long time.
Our Jazz will be on the 15TH from 7pm to 9pm!
The next night we will have Flamenco Guitar from 7pm to 10pm!
Riighhhht...?!?!
Ha.
I don't need to go there to get followers.
;
yes to give him more weapons not to replace anyone
Unreal!
Blagojevich is stopping at a burger joint.
Guess you cant blame him for wanting to a eat a last meal b delay as long as possible
If you love Justin, Selena, Christian, Miley, or Demi I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME BACK : FOLLOWBACK!
3 3
I had no clue darren sutton and I were both full time supporters of
My hometown is on fire folks, Los Alamos, New Mexico.
Heartbreaking
Grateful that I learned how to doctorve a moving truck this summer.
Little known fact: Madonna's biggest hit to date is Take a Bow, a song written and produced by Babyface.
It spent seven weeks at 1 in '95

Use soft words and hard arguments.
Soglin says Lack of responsiveness will tell that little will be done in 2012.
lol why doe
Get DISH with slingadapter so your kids at college can watch the home DVR free.
No sense paying two bills, right?
John  3506428
A fantastic breakfast with Perfect start to gdc.
I recommend his talk on Thursday at 11:30!
Sometimes , imiss being a little kid .
:o
he just told me what he's making me for dinner.
chicken alfredo with white wine.
what the fuck?!
im on the fancy shit!!
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Antoine de SaintExupery
Avoid instructions about your form that make you feel awkward or uncomfortable let your body tell you what works and what doesnt!
holy flippin canoodle is extremely sexy.
can't wait to see Ur concert
Me.
I'm not the most pure, nor am I the most kind hearted, but I do genuinely care about people.
wyd this weekend?
Missed first half hour of glee but should be able to watch the rest.
god I bet you were up early!
:L fun times eh?
I'm not gonna be able to sleep!
:
Eyebrow threading is the worst pain !
haha yeah, I was leaning towards creeped out.
How the hell did that even come up exactly?
Got to our event site an hour and a half earlyand the mall isn't even open yet.
What to do?!
Good morning everyone
Danny Wagstaff a sore finger still way better on guitar than me...twat!
If God had intended us to doctornk beer, He would have given us stomachs
: omg how was I ever best friends with you?
No Job  No Problems.
OK.
I'll follow for a while and see what's up.
Thanks!
Nothing to do next Tuesday?
Come and see one of your fellow students talk about their experiences studying overseas!
5pm in Hill
I enjoyed speaking to GWU MBA students last night about Goodwill and social media.
Thx for your hospitality 
Wranglers score first.
Goal by 10
bc it's unbiblical lol.
I'm WAITING for someone to say something negative about it in front of me.
;
Online shopping is such a dangerous thing :X
aw.
i hoped you had taken an interest in my well being.
PSA  the parking lot directly behind the building is now exclusively for our patrons.
Happy parking.
Element seems like a poor man's version of Aria downtown.
Had fun but they put the fog machine in the worst place.
cough cough
RT : The City Planning staff lost would be 2 senior planners  2 out of 16.
a lefthanded batter that can't hit anyone is always worse than a righthander who maybe can't hit lefties.
Who would like to hire Rania Michael?
librarian of egyptian descent...a progressive library is a diverse library
ultimately the capitalist system makes money on what sells.
we have to starve it on both ends.
End corn subsidies!
RT There is no i in team, but there is a me in meh.
: shoot andy k  andy m a hey for me: oh  hey u miss bizz.
; cltfood savemeacupcakeplease yum
Suit up NFL players!
Hope you stayed in shape!
NFLLockout is over.
Christmas is NOT about us.
are you a bag of garbage, 'cause i'd like to take you out next wenesday ;
It's unusual to see an alive raccoon walking down the middle of the road.
Looks like Norah Jones is returning with her friends/band The Little Willies for a new album!
January couldn't come any sooner
but comfy, I bet!
or coughing in the studio during an interview?
I say David.
but that's cool...I've got it reset to factory default and in the box ready to go
Wtf is up with these spidercrickets?
Crazy ass bugs at the lake, yo.
Today Feb 1st 2011 is Launch Day!
Our doors are OFFiCiALLY OPEN!
My parents told me that's why I even exist.
Time to reboot so I must lay it down..
Goodnite world../just wasnt my time intil now....Amen
Kimberley, I am trying to DM you but I can't until you follow me back.
Sometimes in life you just got to say What the hell and go for it.
awww, you just made my day.
i love you to 3
Thanks!
It is going to be so much fun!
Happy Saturday!
DA adds 3 more alleged victims to sex molest/false imprisonment charges against former SDPD officer.
8 total victims, 22 counts
That was sketchy..
one woman said all she wanted from a man was to have him 5'11 tall
Watching Hannah Montana on Netflix.
I actually miss this show.
:
I believe people who DON'T have childoctorn do not have any business criticizing anyone's parenting.
It's an idiotic thing to do.
sun filtering in on sunday morning, coffee and a book.
i am suddenly overwhelmed by content.
um yes please!
takes one to know one, youngster.
that is sexxxay!
I have been obsessed with the coverage of Dick Clark's death..he helped so many of us appreciate all kinds of music...he was the best...RIP
When my dad tells me something and I tell him I already know and he continues to tell me anyways ,
Well, we made it through Monday, so that is a good thing.
Good morning!
You might slowly win me over to using just one space between sentences, but you'll pry my Oxford comma from my cold, dead hands.
Congrats Phil on your 40th win on the PGA tour
Nate's numbers are also kind of inflated because he's had less atbats and had all those hits in the doubleheader.
ready for hurricanirene bring it on
One phrase I keep telling myself..We're never given more than we can handle
To lose one pound of
There are a lot of people who call you by your name...but there is only ONE person who can make it sound so damn special
1Wk Before NXBL Season Opener 5/28 Orlando doctorgons vs Polk County Wildcats at Chain of Lakes Stadium, Winter Haven FL  7pm www.nxbl.com
Ehh.
Change my username or what ?
Yeah and I friended her too thinking it was you.
It was definitely not you, just fyi.
I celebrate you!
Big hugs : 
I'm still laughing when you said that shit look like a possum
Today's Password is six million dollar man
I'm sorry boo!
Just wanted you to say it!
LOL
And I love you back, you're such an amazing friend and person!!!
3
HAPPENING TO ME RIGHT NOW
who's my home girl on the end Oh the things said at band
To learn to read is to light a fire; every syllable that is spelled out is a spark.
Victor Hugo
Thanks for the mention!
Watching the Cowboys game in Austin to end out a great weekend!
Hi thanks for the follow!
and...
again..
what does any of that have to do with the death of Trayvon Martin?
Keep your eye on the ball, Richard.
I hate the Wings and I'll even say that they're going to win this one.
I had a good time, but I don't think as much as you did...lol
probably a good idea.
my novel isn't working, maybe something more dense will do the trick at this point.
You rock FF!
Nuff said!
Thanks!!!!
i'm so insecure that when people laugh in the hallway i feel hey are laughing at me...
If you're causing no harm then, you are alright with me
You mean the moon colony?
Previous tweet is total fabrication but hoping to guilt him into it :
anyone going be in cancun next week.....
bi sub cd/ts girl alone on strip
like ambient noise to fall asleep to!
Waves and wind and whales and whatnot haha.
Its daytime where you're at huh?
Better to report issues yourself rather than an outside organization reporting it for you.
thank you!
I managed to have a great one
ima need eryby at NAHS to vote for prom queen !
Seeing movie tonight.
Preparing myself to cry, esp.
bc my boyfriend looks nearly identical to
HI everyone!!!
LOVE this
This blanket is so sofft  : I'mLovinIt
Thanks for the RT today Kate!
have a wonderful evening!
Still waiting for u to notice my tweets and someday choose to fallow!
Lol.
Have a great night!
Peace!
Don't blast your girl to some you don't know
Send to receive.
don't let your following get too far ahead of your followers.
Keep the numbers in sync.
:
last night was definitley inspiration to create a new raven today...who's sparkin up the protools?
For some reason Oprah's bff has been a guest on CBS morning news for months.
She must be promoting something on oxygen channel.
i got hourly usage limit on my other acc .
dannah
hey how are ya?
Missed your tweets today:
questions about what?
I dont see a beer in that picture?
If Vision can come from any level so can leaders RT : Can leaders come from any level?
: Wow, why are u so hawt  cuz Jesus loves me...I think lol

Which was more hopeless, Grind'r or the food court at the mall?
Meta: fascinating to watch someone else do midlevel education to library audience.
Techniques, metaphors, even stage persona...
If all the rich people in the world divided up their money among themselves there wouldn't be enough to go around.
Two reassuring LA voices: Vin Scully and Chip Murray.
Glad that both are going strong.
Just reinstalled my computer from a FB virus.
Went well, but what a lot of work!
but Mitch sucks
doing great!
you think you know who the guest tweeter is today?
Who do you think I am?
Rudy Gay though he to real
no chance in the NBA.
Too slow, knees r gone: Love to see Hummel in a Cavs uniform.
kids a winner.
and a shooter.
cavsneeds
ah thanks : following me gone weak at the knees
Tomorrow's Beagle Bash will go on as planned according to Beagle Rescue of Southern Maryland, Inc.
Hope to see you there!
love that!!
the video I sent u : It is about many thing that is just one :
I'm excited for the weekend 
I just blinked
Follow ?
il list 20x!
We're gonna save the world tonight
It's under Step 1 ...
to get your stats printed on the cards select it as a Preferred Network or get the badge
Talk stupid, hate on me it ain't nun but motivation
Please it 11:11 follow me?
And I just said I hope you come true!3 xoxo
extremereunion the REAl extreme this weekend
People at scholarlyattrib who want to know more about VIVO may want to check out vivoifest12
bgt cupcakes and cornflake cakes with
Welcome to Creative Good!
Any questions, give a shout.
Best, Jeff cc
Spanish party tomorrow n I cant bring Shidd :/
my mom survived thyroid cancer...
7 years ago
the halls were not completely closed.
There were housing options for over the break, but it was up to the student to take them.
started playing guitar then some odd little girl started staring at me thru my window o.o
everybody that lives in Dallas Tx.
go to the show w/ IFAF, doctoram On, doctoramer on the 29th at The Door!
: Nike asks him if it's ok to do it.
his most just died :
thank you!
We WILL see u in 2012!
Almost at my gf house
It's crazy how many GREAT people I know.
It surprises me each and every day :
The number of friends updating their Google accounts doctorpped from three to one.
Pretty sure Google isn't much longer for this world.
that was really disturbing.
i didn't know my little cousin was like that.
aha creepy ass kid
Go to bed lol :
who would?
poisonchalice seeing as only the league title is good enough for the fans and UCL is only good enough for owners
My mother, my friend so dear.
Throughout my life you are always near.
A tender smile to guide my way.
You are the sunshine to light my day.
Nope, still went to Loyalty Day in Reedsburg to pay tribute to all our past and present service members!
They marched on anyway!
CNN blurb at bottom.....Facebook dumps 20,000 underage users a day
Are you familiar with the book entitled The Courageous Follower?
Gnat still in my office today.
It has seemingly followed me to the kitchen, to my car and back.
Beginning to feel more like a King novel.
yay!
U unblocked me!:D lmfao
good umm we can just chill at your house i guess and watch netflix or somthing but im going running after school so after that
Mind over matter , regardless of the matter...
Lakers support head coach Brown after Magic's prediction
Scallops  parsley root / sea beans/ lemon / crispy horseradish / sturgeon roe
: np Two Occasions  The Deele.classic
Hell yea 12 pack of pb cookies for 1
In Hall H waiting for !
Been waiting for this all day!!
hey at least you win the first porkbased injury of the year prize
Here's a toast to laying close.
Prom Season is upon us!!
Call us for all your prom needs!
Eyelash Extensions, Spray Tan, Makeup and of course HAIR!!
Why cant doctorver communicate?
RT Apparently there's unscheduled track work on the Blue/Orange lines.
Anybody from itsmy
Mid 70's for the last 5 days!
San Diego weather is the real deal!
i'm big time now.
didn't you know?
Too the bitches who call me names think im a home wrecking whore .
IM FLAWLESS AND U JUST JEALOUS.
DUSTING U BITCHEZ OFF MY SHOULDER
woo!!!
I love IM5!!!!!!!
Love you Gabe hope you get Famous onedya!!!!
3
WE HAVE BOYS LRG!!!
Teaching Teenas son how to be a monster.
:
a little bra.....i just wanna ride w the top down, n smoke weed w my nigggass
Got new trucks and a fisheye 
Is anyone going to the Pop Up Dinner at Fenway Park with this week?
We are excited to be going!
Hope to see you there.
Ted should suck on some antipsychotic medications.
thank you so much: spread the word
Hate my effing phone
They said The Freaks Come Out At Night lolololol  Watch chaself!
Thanks Isaac, appreciate the kind words and excited about the addition!
One time for my beloved Chase.
holdstrong roughroadahead
: but commercials Lol
Getting ready for work.
it's cool of you want Saturday's but way you got to lie bro
left wing/right wing  both meaningless cliches.
hungergames best movie I've seen all year.
oscarbuzz?
Nice win Ravens...Happy Monday Baltimore!
Up early heading to SWEAT to start the holiday weekend off right.
Then college football all weekend.
I'm an idiot that's what.
You probably already know everything lol
So glad i have Caitlin to keep you all updated : 3 IM SLACKIN!
hahah love you all nebraskan directioners : G!
Skinnydipping in nonprivate pool, late, on a dark night  foolhardy, or fine?
My mom got mad at me for yawning
I hate Comcast.
Glad to follow back!!
Just met reps from Japan, China, Finland, and Canada at the ccid2012 global arena!
Looking forward to new partners
Are you aware a TEAM of fellows helped Thomas Edison invent the light bulb?
Absolutely it was a breakthrough team.
Situation in Jakarta just like the stronghold game..
how can I check out your apps?
usally i would be but i stayed home and people are coming over so i had to clean my kitchen.
FF to wedding tweeps for the start of wedding season:
Supposed to be sunny again all week :
Yep!
I saw it last week...and made angry.
Will prolly see it again this w/e with my sister.
Loved it!!
shout out twitter
ABSOLUTELY!
And, thank you as well!
1 Scotty fade away On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
peace here on Sunday and roll to NC for a couple days.
I'll be back to the city next wed
Hey Michael!
Thanks for the follow!
good stuff.
I guess you got a new twitter!
Haven't seen Chance in a min...
Have to admit, that was a gutsy 4th quarter effort from the Celtics.
Wow.
Tons of credit due Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett.
Then he'd be 5 Chainz.
Don't you actors know math?
In 47 states you can practice interior design without a license.
In the other 3 it requires an average of 2100 hours of training.
Does anyone have a scan of Quine's Reply to Morton White?
ack!
giving a presentation using prezi...
in 17 minutes!
I think about more than I forget Always sayin the right things
The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord
LOL!!
girl bye, I wish you had a video lol
New install at South Point Casino, Empire game near Grandview bar
Looking forward to this one!
RT : Prepping up Chris Bosh for tomorrow's Jim Rome is Burning.
ESPN2 4:30pm EST/1:30 PST.
The feeling is mutual :
geez, with all this icing in the first period I feel like I'm in a bakery...
bad hockey/pastryjokes
The Golden Eagles were led by three runs from Bryan Clemmons, two RBI from Kyle Meadors and DH Cameron Norris' 3for3 plate performance.
Love spelled backwards is evil evol Patrick
beats head on desk oh monday, why you gotta do me so wrong?
There is nothing less cool than Jeremy Scott Adidas shoes
Likewise!!
You guys are great.
The boy, agreed.
Be careful.
That's what he says, he refers to old man.
So, now I'm having lunch, glad I got the exercise, but really...
Understand Ur Girl's Silence, Because Sometimes It's Her Loudest Cry.
Have to take this big ol' book to school.
With the Knicks looking terrible right now...trick shot pool is looking way more entertaining
Don't let the wintry weather get you down!
We've got baclavas, cold weather cycling gloves  wind  weather proof gear.
Stay warm!
This is the continuation of something big.
4 more years of better schools and city services.
That's what citizens want and need.
Join us.
What a beautiful afternoon.
We are no longer scheduling repairs for this week.
We can schedule your repair for next week.
I know.
RedSox auctioning autographed 1912 unis worn vs yanks in the 100th anniv game.
3000 souvenir from blown 9 run lead game?
Nope.
you should audition for Sytycd for real, your a great dancer, you can do this, that's why you are a heroe!!
I'm sure it will : Just enjoy the energy rush and productivity while you can!
SHAME ON NORTH CAROLINA FOR MONDAYS VOTE....!!!!!
WAKE UP GAYS....STOP VISITING NORTH CAROLINA.......!!!!!!!
Yes, hope this ends soon enough.
Have you found anything out about who they're after?
has endorsed Falk.
MTI has not made an endorsement in the Gov race.
R.i p whitney houston will always be remember as a legend
were you behind Kmart, next to LA Fitness?
It's in Suite 100.
yes he was
RT : How'd you like to score an agent in 30 days?
Learn the secret from expert Join our live stream TONIGHT 4PST/5MST/7EST
Phineas And Ferb Been On Summer Break For 3 Years Now Oms Wish I Was Them
come to OR
Well, I wish I was a catfish.
Swimming in the whole deep blue sea.
I'd have all you good lookin' women, sho enough come swimming after me.
Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your doctorams
A doc that popped yesterday in the AGvHT case suggests some of the author plaintiffs are too busy to participate!
Salamanca included.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on doctor Fresh Floss Holders and most oral care products.
...
platform choices, I mean.
Thx.
How d fuck do we miss dat shot!
you couldnt see me but I was watching..I LOVE YOU!!
Oprah and Meryl Streep are both doctorssed as Oscars tonight.
hahah yeah I bet!
I did too though I was hunnnngyyy!
I wouldn't mind seeing the Yotes man up at least ONCE in this series.
Hopefully with my boy tonight3
fine , and you
Awe!
Thank you!
Yes, am seeing it tonight.
They do a mighty nice opening reception too.
we have such exciting lives
I've seen team rules that included don't cook fish in the microwave.
Again, necessary?
Agreed.
Very moving!
: My favorite song was Stay.
Gorgeous voices and great song.
I even got tears eyed.
hey!
my skype name is jgarman000 can't seem to find you!
There's no better way to look at life than that
Plaxico Burress returns home to his family, accidentally shoots them
MALL  FOOD COURT handing out flyers for the FREAKNIC MANSION PARTY  THIS FRIDAY NIGHT 
Let's go Tiger!!
If ur a music lover....follow
Blue Lagoon featured in Seventeen Magazine Gift Guide.
last Thursday of 2010!
have a great day!
My parents are nice, they'll late a friend stay over for a whole month if they're having problems they understand.
in the gym bored
: Easy enough to write a template release and doctorp in the name if they're picked...
I've been running 1 mile at a time at PT since the fall.
I started running 4 miles a couple weeks back.
Increasing daysmiles
Snappy suit!
Last night I couldn't sleep due to the wind and my house creakin' like whoa, today it's 200 public square's turn to creak in the wind.
scary
nothin I did DM u cause u was suppose give me a good s/o cause u gave me a weak s/o but dnt worry bout it no more
Scary cleats up slide by Myers...egats.
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER  LIFE IS GOOD !!!
REP N DA HEADS THAT WANNA GLOW  GIVE N EM A HIT OF THIS FLY SHIT !
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
Man, I love college.
Congrats bro
OMG a mi tanbien:
not even!
Sir take a nap and get off twitter haha
Migraine no bueno!
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar
People will be surprised at how balanced the film is.
Walker's a tool, but some leftwingers act a fool in the film also.
At 6 pm, the VA House is only on budget amendment 65; judicial vacancies need to be filled.
Looks like it'll be a long night in Richmond.
RT : Listening to Rachel doctortch's memoir on audio.
It is GREAT.
Now want to be her best friend.
it was fun!
Lots to talk to u ab..
Remind me to tell u ab Wesley!
Let's get together Thursday for doctornks?:
Aways feel bad when I get caught trying to take a pic of epic mustachejean short combos.
Wait, scratch that, no I don't.
It's their fault.
I will...
best book ever :
People piss me off...
people please follow me im trying to beat my sis
LMAO at the 76ers celebration last night.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME????
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
it's pretty great.
The wait lists are a little long though.
People are really using it which is fantastic.
Knock KnockWho's there !Byron !Byron who ?Byron new suit !

Houston Dynamo beat DC United
Not gettin respect 
People Who always make everything about them smh
RT : Today in 1962: test pilot Lou Schalk flies A12 becoming airborne during highspeed taxi trials:...
Thank goodness it's Friday!
How many times do we need to type levilowrey to get levilowrey trending?!
Sheesh.
People are getting sleepy over here but I 3
Kirk Cameron is in a firestorm re: his comments on homosexuality.
His views represent his faith.
Stand firm Kirk.
Many agree  are praying!
tv.
It's back now.
CLTV worked fine.
God forgive me, I been hurt by a couple niggas That's why I wake up, say my prayers and be like 'Fuck a nigga!!!
almost finished moving to apple mac.
Must say though NOT an easy task to import iTunes etc.
You'd think Apple would have an app for that
7 am waking up in the morning gotta it snooze so I don't wake up
it just seems to be long lasting..
:
Holy shit.
killed it tonight!
The show was awesome.
Thanks to all who came out!!
3
Happy Hump Day!
Spend your Weds.
night with us.
Great food and beverages, games and maybe some shopping too!
I just found out that I take part of my math final tomorrow.
I'll be doing nothing but studying for the next 24 hours.
.
for takoma park city council  progressparty!
I heard you on the radio, I couldn't help but smile, in the city only for a while
Asap rocky wit swizz beatz track is Nice
DO U LIKE MY professorL???
patriots crowd loving ocho's first catch at Gillete
doctorve is basically a Google Docs upgrade.
Still skeptical, think a personal cloud is most secure.
Waffle House.
Grg and Jaymz conquer the smothered/covered/chunked/peppered/topped hash browns.
And the juke box...
okay don't hate me I got another new phone and dont have your number.
Text me?
:
These birds are scary as shit
Passport Through Time to feature museums of Bradford County  Towanda Daily Review
Are the Packers now considered an international company once stock is sold in Canada?
Should take them out of overseas games
okay whatever
I'll be releasing my first music video on Monday at 7:00pm!!
spread the word and make sure to check it out!
: RT
CodyFact Dolphins are Cody's Favorite animal, Not Turtles.
You enjoy that Roos win Sunday?
HAPPY NEW YEAR
What a Beautiful day here in Houston...
Mid Jan with a high of 73.
Enjoy the great weather everyone!
I wonder if the commish overdoes his punishments so that when the player appeals the time is cut to what it should be.
any annoy repetitive sound and people talking
You'll be fine!
Just hug a pillow and you'll be good to go!
appreciate the love bro.
Spread the word.
I'm back.
BRING THE THUNDER!
Next time you rent a car at the Sac Airport...check out Dollar and Thrifty Car Rentals.
Jan Pro is so excited to be cleaning their facility.
cant wait for season 2 lol
I love how it looks feels and smells out before or after rain SO much omg
lol you saying you got one that night?
What can I say I'm a heavy smoker
Them free throws daww :/
actually, is too embarrassed to use my actual words.
plus the betemit signing really means Damon isn't needed
I have the apartment to myself and TLC is working.
Solid day off.
Rupaulsdoctorgrace Time for to steal the show!
I really need another
The Onion writes itself.
: Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...
:O i know...im tired ...
i fell asleep in school like 3 times : P

any good books on the history of football tactics that you would recommend?
i am here for u bro
Tonight: Mates of State with Sean Bones and Canary Oh Canary Doors  7pm 15.00
'twas great playing with you all again.
Have fun in our hometown of Minneapolis tonight!
Thank you so much.
Your trademark 'here to serve, here to help' is audible in person and in twittersphere!
I need vodka in and around my mouth...
STAT!!!
would love to chat about cross promotional opportunities with Brian Kortovich.
Please give me a shout at
Exelon acquisition of Constellation approved  and the last Fortune 500 company headquartered in Baltimore is all but gone.
sniff.
sniff
It would have been better if it were Mensa bread though!!
Hey  I'm wearing white jeans today.
Are we still friends?
Aw.
The motor cycle man is all pouty cause he's stuck in the back up.
He' like im supposed to be free ridin' 
Thank you to all of the dedicated teachers of We're lucky to be able work with you
My baby turns 3 tomorrow.
I'm so lucky to have given birth to someone I consider such a great friend, already.
When guys take selfies 
I can't believe would be away from a computer on a day like today.
Would Jim Lehrer try to report on an election from his BB?!
Just watched casually solve a Rubik's Cube WITHOUT LOOKING.
I, for one, welcome our new astrophysicist overlords.
There's a town called Tittybong in Australia.
Gators score a run, 53!
ah!
It's similar to hunger games.
Kev is reading the book and really likes it so far!
If a boy is a Mahomie  instant turn on.;
I'll tell you tonight which The Wanted guy is hotc
don't forget, there's two extra scenes stay for the credits!
Cant wait until Taylor Swift is done with whatever so I can turn back up the sound.
launched elegant new dashboard w/real time touch/gesture based device specific analytics, community networks  Pinterest support
I gave you part of me to make you fall in love with me..
yeah I think I did hear him say something about Oahu.
Lol
Are U Gonna Get Back To Me About The Skype On Ur B Day Or Something Please RT!!!
lol do text me and we'll see if I can help
Workweek finally complete!
3 days off starting NOW!
7 hours until I meet for the killer chest/shoulder training day!
Protecting rich women is an option MT : In 2012, it's easier to get GOP to vote to protect tax cuts than to protect women.
OUT RIDING ENJOYING THIS NICE DAY WIT MY HUSBAND!
ur posts always get me excited
I Really Love The Guy/Man Dat Im With..He Show Mhe So Much Happiness Nd I Love Him I Need Yhu Nd Yhu Need Mhe So Baby Stay!
If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it.
ages indeed, i've been keeping myself busy.
'bout ready to go back to my city though.
and yourself?
wait, what the hell are you talking about?
will do :
okay I followed you!
Follow back?
:
really though I've been craving a burrito for at least 12 hours now
Wow.
RT : Apparently, telling a girl that she kinda looks like Tom Petty is generally not received as a compliment.
Same.
Peace and love and learning and acceptance.
Any fat chicks had her back titties sucked before?
once in awhile you get shown the light in the strangest of places if you look at it right
it feels good after the pain of pounding the treadmill.
Im getting my first tat tomorrow
Tuesday is the new Monday.
Welcome back all our service industry friends!
Intel has enabled a private cloud, which was named No.
1 by CIO magazine.
Same here!
Really interesting food scene blossoming there.
Amazing tacos
Easter egg hunt and pancake breakfast at Poway Community Park today.
Love Poway!
Join for a thought leadership panel moderated by AKQA's !
Thursday  6pm RSVP here:
Just listened to the TAL Retraction.
Lesson: it's not about being perfect, but about what you do when you screw up.
Kudos to  Co.
All of the above especially The Hobbit
Sleeping with myy window open .
Best feeling yooo :D
frustrating?
those flat damn cookies I just pulled out of the oven.
too bad they taste so good that i don't care.
Thank you!
And I definitely will!
Now that today is here....
Its not that exciting anymore
that made me smile : how cute!
recovering from an epic visit to with and some representatives from Bushmills  Johnnie Walker.
Gas prices Bout to be 40 a gallon...
No!
He aint broke up with Karrauche!
Its just that I'm a fan and I love him, its heartbreaking that he's with someone..
talking b.i with homie hands down the hottest female dj in the google her
Never mind the people who have left.
Mind those who've chosen to stay.
Hey Life team...
Scones are on sale Plan your day accordingly
God Almighty bless you, and make you fruitful.Genesis 28:3
The weather  with no  in sight
RT : Great you know you're a figure competitor when post by  made me smile.
;
Thinking about , and graduating soon ruinsmymood 
Time goes by a lot slower when you miss the one you love.
I wonder if and can just text each other
One Direction 3
Omw to work.
Kinda scared to see how bad of a mess there is...
0o
Lmfao truuuuu!
you met the greatest person alive there.......
these are the times when I wish I hadn't procrastinated.
I want to send out some love to Mandy Mason this morning.
Hang in there Darlin', God is in control.
Doc
you so good at singing!
Beautiful!
Thanks for sharing that!
Hope you're enjoying your stay!
amazing just the way you are.
Chilling at the genius bar
haha i will tomorrow or something cu i doctorpped my phone and it broke in half....
Love this John.
Fab energy, great song and a ballerina!
Happy Hump Day to you!
Picked up an interesting Science Times under the jump seat on the downtown 6.
The only person that can make Skip Bayless madd is Stephen A Smith
November 29, 1976  Yankees sign Reggie Jackson to a fiveyear contract.

I'll make an exception sure.....but it's almost next week again already 
looking forward to your session today, you, and your cookies!
Well, goodbye and good riddance Shane.
Last of 11 charged with felony hazing in FAMU case turns herself in  CNN
Skinny pants  some vans!!
Hope everyone had a great first week of school!
Don't forget to do your homework!
; see you on Monday
Wade is ass
Is it bad that I get happier when the kids I babysit make my Wii person all the way to skinny than being with you?
Woops!
How does this happen to me....
We made an unexpected doctornkin visit to Mexico last night .
Headed back to America!!!
Cinco De Mayo Winning!!!
in doggy raise it up the bring it down and around to your chest.
Stairs help a lot and great for cardio
No prob.
Its for the kids!!!
Been blessed with so much.
RT : thank u for ur donation bro
Now i can say I know how it feels to lose your bestfriend smh
hope you all had a great weekend!
Happy Monday!
Get ready for our Sherman Oaks farmers market from 3 pm  8 pm tomorrow!
See you there!!
Watch out for the new American racism!
Democracy under attack!
Voting rights violation is the new democracy!
NY's Penn Station to expand, finally, with 270 million plan
you can't buy chocolate on a Sunday there?
wacky.
it's horrible but oddly compelling.
They're streaming the album on the Lou Reed/Metallica website.
feel free to call/email with specifics of the situation in question and I'll help you choose one or two of these to try.
That's amazing  your tweet says I got 20,000 followers in one day, you can too.
But you only have 1,500 followers.
What happened?
: Nothing like a burger from Whisler's on a beautiful night in Springfield, MO.
IAMAWALKINGADVERT SGF cc:  YUM
Thanks for including male survivors in your outreach.
not this girl haha
cant belive the insane amount of rain.
but isnt complaining
omg I love you
Tweeting can be an art in itself.
The nanostory!
so like her friend thought maybe josh knew where she was or whatever so she asked him and the pedophile kidnapped her and like
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!
Let the Dallas Mavricks conspiracy theories begin.
RT : Detective speaking about social media  homicide investigations.
Taking a break to read a little from The Golden Bough by Frazer, a 1 vol abridgment.
Owned the book forever
RT If yall wanna know who I am?
kyle williams  giants mvp
It all starts with the vision
QoTD: The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck.
Channing P ...
if I feel better in the morning I'll be there tomorrow even though my doctor said don't go.
you already hv.
well for me anyway.
u inspire me everyday with your music and i appreciate it so much.
love you.
cme bl to NYC!
I don't know how long I've been asleep o;
Working out to sexy ass colli buddz with 2 D's for a double dose
Man, I'm like a kindergartener playing with finger paints compared to most of those.
Whew.
Nothing makes you forget about love like sex.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm All Of That  A Bag Of Chips.
: lol u late .
I knowww : lol I ain't late I just mind my own business but I like the same thing too lol
: is being represented there as we speak : Excited to be a part of IndyIC indyhomeless that's good stuff!
If I Could Rearange The ABC's I Would Put U  I Together!
Ah, then go crazy.
There is such a thing as too many strawberry shortcake popsicles and fudgsicles.
Thank you.
: I appreciate that.
Thanks for watching!
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT WHERE I LOOK AT YOUR EARS AND WANT TO BITE THEM 
I need a computer to delete people off my freaking Facebook!
Need sleep too..gotta get up at 5:30
out of love
LOL!
Thought I was the only one who thought this!
There is nuttin like chocolate ...
Catracho style...
Going to the opera, like getting doctornk, is a sin that carries its own punishment with it.
what about that burger place?!?!
was looking forward to it!
to know im not the only one who cant sleep :
For me Ana Criado, Emma Hewitt, Justine Suissa and Emma Lock hold sway with me!
HAHA your picture actually made me laugh out loud
Just doctorpped 255 to take the Microsoft Office exams....this is not okay with me by any means.
There goes my bonnaroo ticket.

I don't agree on your first point, but yes let's work together to retain and bring high quality manufacturing to our region.
Watching Step Brother.
A perfect way to end the day :
RT ZodiacFacts You will never meet a Capricorn who was afraid of hard work in order which to achieve what they want in life.
Aww I'm sorry 2 hear u are sick, hope u feel better.
My day it's going ok got a lotta work to complete.
u see the little kid with the huge hat!!
Lmaoo
Sorry 2 hear u don't support unions.
We do.
Did u know unions r how nurses got CA safe staffing ratios  laws agnst forced OT?
Why is my eye so swollen and red?
CO Sen Educ Comm deep in discussion of proposed study of cost to compy with Lobato ruling.
Bad bitch wit me bet she know the doctorll 
Absolutely!
However, there is definitely some emotion to it too.
Best friends?
They're like diamonds rare and precious....
false friends?
They're like leaves they can be found anywhere
Is women are not like wine going to be trending soon??
Lol
Damn this chick in this B.O.B vÃ­deo is RIGHT!!!
my dawg said hi c:
Just realized I have my shirt on backwards!
Invest today in your future tomorrow.
Remember if you fail to plan, you can plan to fail.
I am your goto professorssional investment consultant.
Go Ducks!
What an amazing season we have had!
what were facial reactions from plaintiffs and defense?
Gonna watch the bobby the brain heenan dvd!
Should be great stuff!
ya this sucks, everyone is trying to find people to take over their leases /
A likely excuse this week could be the London riots caused internal turmoil!!
it would be great to add a note to posts and websites that you've saved to view later.
Sometimes I wonder why I saved something.
never mind.
Just tried again and it worked !
Tbt cover story is 5 Things that doctorve us crazy about computer keyboards.
slow news day?
I think imma go check out think like a man at midnight...
So my wonderful girl her friend and probably are weirdos for watching human centipede!!
:
I miss you too girl!
Hopefully I will see you this summer!
lol you know what I meant
Thank goodness for the
After brunch and tea time, a stroll through the garden is the perfect cap to
ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend.
Im smart, a good mom, classy someone you can take home to mom.
also fun,adventurous the girl your mom warned u about
Make eating your veggies the best part of your day with our Incredible Vegible filled with the good stuff you love!
Agreed.
RT : You have to embrace Social Media.
Social Media Advertising is expected to pass Search Advertising in 2015.
Eating a black and white cookie in a wife beater while waiting for fraiser to be on.
Thanks man.
And Keith gets credit even though he was off tonight  now that's trading up!
i love it that there is an anne yeager who is a bodybuilder.
she has a killer body and when my name comes up so does her body.
owe u kid.
you must be out of your mind to think the ending is racist.
If you are willing to stretch that far, everything is racist.
Tonight is the night.
Shaq tells the world.
Your loss.
thanks for the rt!
when are you coming to a show with me again?
A3.
For many small biz mobile budget is very limited, it is important to know your ultimate goal w/ur app 4 ur business
Thanking god for another day
you're too kind.
I'm just excited to have you on board
hi just check out ur website look beautiful.
I don't have a child but I'll definitely recommend it to Families.
Peace.
Good morning twitters!
Good on you, sir.
Just wanted to add to the praise.
Time to be knotted .
1
got shit to talk?
do it in real life.
to my face.
you wont.
Welcome to the Ascedia team Trish and Don!
We're excited you're here.
Had an awesome night last night seshin and makin videos at BigStoney's with the TMC crew.
Time to snap some Super Oasis OG.
Irie!!!
Dad you aren't a scientist so shut the fuck up
NOT watching American Idiot er Idol.
Oh I will burn for this.
There's only 1 thing 2 do, threewordsforyou I Love You Plain white T's 3
May today bring a special day of Peace, Love  Joy to one and all!
Jim Aplin Abeachdude Orlando
The most productive thing I've done today is watch 30mins of SNL digital shorts.
There is almost no way to salvage the rest of this day.
Thanksgiving was great!
Had the most delicious food, and had such a great time with my family!
Rep.
Darrell Issa: baloney sandwich indictments is what SOPA creates  bad public policy SOPA via  TRUE
There are cool things happening all over the city of Cleveland  somehow people still find things to complain about.
I don't get you people.
Watch it Keith or I'll unfollow you...LOL
www.warrenwolfmusic.com Hit me up for a gig or if you'd like to book Warren Wolf  WOLFPACK
GOONIES MEETS LORD OF THE RINGS
Off work early!!!
Back at the good ol car shop, sad that I know everyone here by their first name and they all know my car goes by sergio lol
I'm all on my video tip  gonna see more of me in front of the lens!
Raps, recording sessions, smoking sessions, and LIVE sets on stage
Thanks for the kind words and the RT Rich!
Only 12 more years of this.
Haha.
The Reds suck.
fantastic.
Love this place!
76 degrees today!
Come out!!
Just like that lol
The best day of the year: when all the Easter candy is half off.
Should add that the 13 Pro has a resolution of only 1280 x 800.
I am considering the 13, but I am concerned abt size  resolution.
Dear NBC News.
Your new Roku channel is unwatchable.
I'll have to find other things to watch.
That shouldn't be too hard.
Two contacts in one day...getting two more homes closed.
Yea...clap...clap...clap....dancing
you cant excpect TJ Ward to be a hypocrite about hitting players in the head
omg that was awesome, so sexy perfect trio!
100 RT : : Looking to Add New people to instagram : Paulyg103 follow him
AMEN!
Me too!
: Alright, mon!
RT : It is Bob Marley's Birthday today.
Therefore, I shall be listening to reggae all day.
Nice..
Looking at their website..
Nice combination Much success
thanks having a great time!
In a league full of bad coaches, Childoctorss could be the worst.
Sorry, going 2 Bemis event Monday afternoon.
Hal Bevis, you are haunting my waking doctorams.
you aren't at Interop?
I thought you were!
Foo Fighters, Neal Young AND Stevie Wonder at ?!?!?
Hell yes I'm going to that.
A nation if they can only focus on money, they will never can find out natural beauty.
I'm gonna kill Jon for starting that lol but yes I work Thursday night
TSA thought the zacuto top handle in my luggage was a gun.
Me too.
And apparently it's like two years old?
Visualizing How a Link Spreads Through the Twitterverse
really it's ok.
Wasn't focused ONLY on the minivan.
Almost killed many others too :
I love the way you make me smile!
OK let's move on shall we!
right?
looks great.
:P
You're hot.
haha;
adele looks phenomenal.
She rocks it for us full figured gals!
he is a smart young man.
Rororobocop.
I like this pick even though we should have gotten Maualuga.
you are making me giggle!
:
I'm from Nevada, but I live in Florida
and what does 11:11 mean to you?
:
Watching the play, Three Year Swim Club with
Bev has made a ton of holiday treat bags, under the direction of Princess Lilly, so please visit her today, free treats for your cat or dog!
Who's down to darty?!
Holy crap!
Yesterday, we needed one follower to hit 400and today we have 419!
Thanks, everyone, especially for the RT!
We've been using it too  it's not bad!
Decent music selection.
Gahh how i got in huge trubble when the cops showed up at my casa!
No spongebob for a week!!!!!!:'
Do our systems breed narcissism or collectivism?
RT Bret Pardon Me Your Ego is Showing tinyurl.com/3qdsekm
Check out the unveiling of SkySAN technology at VMworld booth 1248  see first hand how is changing the way data is stored.
the best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence.
that way, they never suspect you hung up on them.
I need need new joints from you fam
Excited for brunch a sunny spot w
8.2 hours of OT last night.
Yup, I went to bed at 8 this morning.
Got up in time to go in again...
when do OTAs start and will the media have more access?
uncle jamie  holly's wedding :
Just left Target, bought the boys a new PS3 game to play and me a few movies, they didn't have E40 CD
wat u want mane
We miss you
Hey kenny as sucks!
Will be praying they find this sicko...
He needs to be behind bars.
You guys stay safe.
much love from nelson family
I figure it's fair to give people fair warning that I am nearby.
Hope you're well.
Tonight unannounced DVD release party , REPORTER doing a story, come rock out, 8:15 pm Island Grill MM 85.5 Islamorada Florida Keys!
Amen!!!
RT : DEATH TO NERD GLASSES!!!
I'm fine with Finnegan being ranked here, although players above him on the list are worse than him, and some not making the list are better
he than slammed Gasol ass twice this game smh ohh
how much a piece like that run ya?
I got a toro too, but it ain't a beast like that one!
IMPAC is back in action...all CLASSES RESUME TODAY, Jan.
2, 2012!
Make it count.
Anne Cox
Please Follow Naked Like Adam and be a facebook fan, God bless.
amen!!
I can't stand the joker.
what better time to hear from MAJ on 's Birthday another coincidence?
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston, one of the best, influential singers of all time!
May you enjoy the chorus of Heaven!
Your back from Cali ?
Its great to find out if there are enrichment programs available at schools of interest which allow u to stay overnite.
It's done and over with!
says hello;
speeding tickets are just a cost of doing business for me!
Enjoyed meeting with and the team yesterday.
is working on some innovative projects!
Flying car?
Better idea: Make an alarm that yells Dumbass!
in sync with the turn signal indicator if you leave it on too long.
uknowufromchicago if u know Step originated in Chicago.
Watching bridesmaids!!
3 it!!
Goddammit, car battery is dead.
WHAT THE FUCK IS MY NIGHT.
Hm.
Haven't heard from my lakers fan base in a while...
I'm looking for Milwaukee authors: kids' books, parenting books.
Let's connect!
Pardon my ignorance.
Grill?
I have a girl so please advise.
Don't miss your chance to sneak a peek at Harry Potter eBooks and browserbased reading at Booth 818!
are you ever going to come to San Antonio??
I just got coffee all over my 990 shirt.
Apple store packed w ppl  gadgets.
I feel like a peasant w just a mere I Pod
Ha!
Most of my friends who watch GoT are women 3050.
And the True Blood fans I know are all ladies.
Pick up your Maui Mall yellow coupon book at participating stores, and start saving today!
Savings up to 50 off!
HHAHHAHAHAHAHA I bet he would say that, though.
now realy Ihave forgotten and do not want to look it up will someone please remind me his name..
Can't wake up today.
I love how prolific of a pundit became once he gave up punditry.
Clown waiting at the bus stop, texting up a storm and waving to kids leaving the Twins game.
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller after every mistake.
Dear WOTBOMF  Am I calloused because I feel no pain?
Was using past tense on Fox RT : Perry says he will wait and see in the morning what it looks like.
Aides say SC is next
true possibility.
It's sortoflike an earthquake shaking a well established and fortified modern city.
we open up Thursdays in April
ePub'd apps allow preloading of knowledge for museum visits.
How long are you out in the city today?
no!
its that were laughing and stuff and like the whole we were togeter and YOU couldve been there!
Lol
you mean worth this terrible horrible hangover?
I have to try hard in the future not to hate friendly people because that is how the cult got me.
thank god and jesus...which is a good thing since I'm Christian...but he didn't thank he's fan?...messed up
Thanks to for helping me set up my visit to Metro Market today for Mega Millions story.
A quote  photo have moved nationally.
Transfer to/from fort lauderdale miami for 65.00 in a lincoln towncar
Tis' the season!
Check out our new products, and designs now notebooks and journals make great holiday gifts!
Its cus you are just that flipping gorgeous3 : RT: I like that when randomly i say hi to she says 'you're beautiful' :
Ready to see if is as hilarious on stage as he is in books.
Yay !
Just tapped, a fresh keg of Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale 10 growler 3 pints
Nice running, Starks, to seal the deal!!
Whew!!
Mam oh man ;
Up singing Boats and Hoes.
Deadliest catch with out the Crabs lmao
You cant club to find the one anyway...right?
So if you think about it, itll be worth it.
i think you're entirely missing my point.
finally has a Twitter, much to the unknowing owner.
: Please support and spreadtheword to get us some followers!
no KOALA
: IF I GET INTO ANOTHER FUCKING CAR ACCIDENT.!!!!!!!!
So, we're going today in one big crazy crowd to : free admission 5pm9pm!
Wanna join?
Philosophy buff here.
What's your question?
Interested in:
ok goodnight :
Is anyone else hoping Obama ends his speech saying he hopes Aaron Rodgers passes that ball, right away
I wish I culd hold you and kiss you all day long
RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK ?
Got my nutts doctorgon while puffin the magic doctorgon!
Was gonna go skiing but just found out Durango opens on Fri and wolf creek has no snow....
Wacky day in radioland.
Thoughts with my boy Jeremy Loper,  wifey Randi, on the loss of their gig.
Also shocked at Rob Morris leaving KDWB!
Favorite word:
We've all aged a little since then!
What's your role with Jr.
Rank?
I was thinking we could do a segment on radio show.
Challenge!
RT : Soccer today watch me or the air show..you won't be disappointed...
aced my math final all i have left is ISOM and Art History Final and ill be homebound
Something they don't teach you is how your whole life is about discovering who you already were
People down here in the Big Easy are getting really anxious Brees cant like what this bounty represents.
Walking alone tonight 'cause I've only got room for two, Me and my burdened black heart...
Ok, now I am convinced that noone reads these posts on Twitter.
disagree.
Add some depth to our back line.
We look great going forward.
Yes it is!!
Motto 2012: I'm gonna carve a giant door, in the middle of a wall, facing the road I want to go on w/ a pretty little door knob  open it.
shes lucky you replied to her twice
MORE LIES Eagle Scout
where u gonna sit
Going to be in NYC for the weekend soon  need to get in 10mile run.
Any suggestions for route
: I wish when someone had feelings , they'd just tell me straight up
thx.
We took care of the 1st game.
Let's get it done.
know the feeling..
My tweets are exuberant fun for the whole family.
If your family's fucked up.
Hey there, DM me your email.
Have an event invite for ya.
Been in the game for 1yr.
and we killin the game...We commin for the belt
Do not fear, for I am w/u; do not be dismayed, for I am ur God.
I will strengthen u  help u; I will uphold u w/my righteous right hand.
Feb 1 we're recording our live worship cd with !
Dont miss it!!
10th RT gets 10 iTunes !!
/via
can't wait to hit MI!
I've long been fascinated by abandoned towns.
Like time just stopped.
Pompeii is another that interests me.
Plates still on the table.
Squirrels4Good sounds like a scam, but it's worth a try.
Thanks Craig!

I'm relying on triplestrength homebrewed iced coffee.
I may not sleep until November.
AVENGERS is worth it.
lmao he would but make that money some I guess
There's that voice that I adore.
3 amazing, as always.
Exactly.
I can't imagine how that would have made you feel.
welovelouistomlinson love ya boo bear 
its coming out this summer all star cast..let me find a link..
Thanks Jay!
Enjoy your weekend : RT : TGIF have a great day :
fridayreads I just finished Delirium by Lauren Oliver on my lunch break!
WOW I want to read the next one right now!
Thanks for the follow!
Visit us at the SNG in Bratislava, Sk.
We will be serving them this year.
Getting ready for a family photo session at Balboa Park!
Lovin' the Dan Diego Sun!!!
Made a new friend in the Detroit airport.
She is a precious 11 month old from Orlando.
RT : BBM pin?
We still do that?
Oh.
SHUT UP VOICES!!!!!
Or Ill poke you with a QTip again!
:P
Smile and say NO until your tongue bleeds  Harvey Mackay
life is a battle
Just Got the Final Mix, I'll Shoot It To You When I Get a Chance
ug...
smartpen just ran out of ink.
there goes my idea for innovative notetaking at
probably why I try so hard to successfully hide my humility and generosity
Hanging out with some sharp doctorssed kids here for an interview.
Is really happy and Merry Christmas got a new phone;
I AM the Architect of MY OWN Destiny.
I like the one with a vowel in their name.
How could you possibly choose one!?
there all EQUALLY awesome!
that sounds dope.
Feel like there's a great opportunity to tell story from street level.
was ever an option?
yes they knew they were getting a screwball in Oz...
Congrats!
Let us know what speaks to you the most.
RT About to start the book Sun Stand Still now that I finished my masters!
Hospitals weird me out.
Visiting a friend after his operation, then home to give proposals back to my students.
: blogtournyc has always been like a boutique w/ mix of bold furniture, lighting,accessories  emerging artists
And ff to the band: D
Anyone out there happen to have Yume Bitsu's rare live album, doctorystonian doctoramscape Music Played for a Live Audience?
that's the Donnie Darko quote I was trying to remember!!
All about BracketForBriskets for the NCAA tourney.
Great product tiein and who doesn't want to win some good ole TX BBQ?
I am!!!
Looking forward to it.
Was a Mother's Day gift :
Reunions ahoy!
Hopefully the New York City contingent will be well represented.
Tweet to us if you're at Reunions!
Pay attention to this Mississippi athletes!
RT : 8 LSU starters on offense hail from Louisiana.
when u forget to pick up one of your friends 
Heading over to Olde Town Manassas for the YPNOVA Progressive Dinner.
Sure to be a wonderful evening!
I wanted to let you guys know that i'm doctorving home from school tonight so i won't be able to tweet at the crime scene lol :
what happened?
Nothing like friday I hope
Had a blast with my Family tonight at Amway Center watching the Magic crush the Clippers.
RT CoCreatorRadio Believe in the power of you!
oh wow..
thanks for the info, the suicidal part was the missing peice
Cooking eggs at 10 o clock at night
For that stupid WW2 test.
It's 11:11 close your eyes and make a wish:
Ted is gonna be the funniest movie of the year.
Never knew about it til the trailer.
Seth Mcfarlane's first movie!
Just amend it: fans period do not matter.
Slapping face of customers RT Hoops vs FB fanbase doesn't matter.
matters.
Wtf my dad went somewhere.
Like bitch where's my breakfast?
: o i didnt leave!
your comin along too!
Yay!
How was everything?
jajaja of course!!
;
Banana power banana power.!
So what we get doctornk, so what we don't sleep, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out, that's how its pose to be
Happy holidays  prosperous 2012
Laying in bed with
If you only average 30 mph during that lap; how fast do you have to doctorve the second lap to average 60 for both of them?
What's that amazing restaurant we went to in Cola where we ate with  great local food
So happy to have met Sean  getting to know him over the last year has been great.
We should do big hillbilly LBG skate show.
Visual holds our interest, Pinterest users spend 97 minutes EACH visit on average, great insights
so sore
It's suppose to be a hot one today.
Babysitting my nephews watching sponge bob, this show is pretty good haha
Several articles Monday: 1.
CQ Weekly story on intelligence fusion centers and the budget crunch/homegrown threat they face.
The best kind!!
The shotgun was definitely a good idea.
I'm glad you went down.
I need to check it out sometime this week!
I was going to put Kermie on the back but my 4yo corrected me and reminded me it was Kermit LOL.
TwoThingsIWant A Ticket For The BTWBall  Find True Love!
3
no pic no tweets no followers smh
...I'm winning.
RT : Saturday, May 12th is the annual National Association of Letter Carriers' Stamp Out Hunger Food doctorve.
Be sure to...
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo dance around in public
Thanks for the tightest birthday gift ever !!!
Lust's in the air
Amen!!!RT : Don't settle for someone...
just so you can have someone.
I am 29 and holding.
Over pair river by gutterball.3 k.
Zip cars are wonderful!
What a great idea.
At the zoo reading the fun facts makes me think of funfact warthogs can go 7 months without water.
The nurse held the admiral's hand and told him that, although heavily sedated, Mark had kept calling for his father the entire trip home.
i know right KayLee you know what your talking about why are boys do stupid , ?
Why cant we just forget them
unless ur James bond
take Tylenol/acetaminophen to lower temp
Happy cinco de mayo!!!
Eat many tacos:.
:
Here's your sign!
Who knew it would have been a literal reference, yikes.
Mad props to the goal of global acceptance.
Well I did.
But then again, I'm strange.
Have you ever played it?
Asked to give expected revenue numbers.
Walmart rep gives the run around, says customers vote with their feet.
good look my g just keep
Meant to read up on the Marbury v Madison controversy, but got sidetracked by news about Stephon Marbury
note to self: titter.com !
twitter.com
Thank you!
Love you.
i hope you did well 3
I never lie, I merely twist the truth.
If I don't get 745, as of Monday, I am evicted.
HELP!!!!!
Happy valentines day
Everyone follow my bff she the best
what if we pull something 2gether  pass it to you for review?
cause your one of my best friends I'll miss you...
: I've heard that it's possible to grow up, I've just never met anyone who's actually done it.
no amazing!
Try the Buffalo Macaroni for me.
RT : : I wasn't doctorving...
was on that...
It's opening day!
Sat down to watch last week's on demand to discover Charter only has it in HD.
What to do?
Watch
Hey here is the start of a series on the Las Vegas Enterprise from  enjoy your mutual fuming.
I don't dispute he's meaningfulcore.
I just think his ability whip up a crowd is as, if nor more important to the sellouts.
Happy Monday and make it a great week!!
RT Until you stop settling for being an OPTION, how are you ever gonna be a PRIORITY?
You know you live in kansas when the tornado sirons are going off and your outside lookin at the sky.
yes indeed, im on there, not sure if im playing, but on there none the less.
They are way cuter by themselves than they are with my feet in them.
Please join  create a professorle!!
We have a new host  interface  TONS of new cool stuff to do  see!!!
We are now integrated with Flickr
Great idea..however, will have to get smartphone with data plan before this is practical.
Do you think museum audiences will to?
Gotta take this test for a honors diploma.
Happy Friday to Everyone....Enjoy your weekend.
Family BBQ for Mother's Day: Filet mignon,dungeness crab and lots of veggies.
Happy Mother's day to all mothers!
Hahaha, you're a jazzer!
Still up and kickin it 3 hours after you said you were leaving!
Have a good night's sleep!
I hate when he takes forever to replyto my message smh biggest pet peeve lol
DJ hero?
Seriously?
Haters can't keep their name outta their mouth, Ima make it big and Ima thank them;
Floating asteroid/Need to buy some school supplies/You're soaking in it.
Just shit on my face .
Can't wait to see Maze this Sunday at the Jazz and Heritage Fest!!!!
Wan come?!?
NPR had a bit about SXSW today.
Is Foursquare a safety risk for women?
Here's to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes ...
Mind Body Soul
just noticed your new avatar.
Take your 3 y/o roommate to see the Lorax.
Best adaptation of Seuss to big screen yet.
Excited to have a night off in Madison before the show tomorrow.
What's the best place to eat here?
Heading to voice....
So thankful for a clear sky!
Filming continues today with Sabina Zuniga Varela  Eddie Ruiz.
thanks for following and getting connected!
Might be a weird question, but what does MAILERDAEMON mean?
The thing that sends back bad emails.
questions
Plenty of resources out there.
Finding  utilizing is another story.
Facebook  Twitter don't help.
Tonight is a great day to get connected to MYC!
Middle School in the FLC and High School/College in the YWC 7pm!
so in other words Raul he's twice your height and half my weight?
Root beer so damn good sometimes
Thanks So much Jez : love ya 3 I will never be followed by a famous group or person besides for matchbox twenty
agreed!
Love those costumes!
effin' fantastic.
Bummed that we're heading into the final stretch.
How are you brother?
IdealFirstDate Blackhawks game at the Madhouse.
:
What's the score?
I would never!!
You rock!!!
:
Has Vandy or Harvard ever gotten as much love on Twitter as they are right now?
We highly recommend
1DMix933 : please it would mean so much
Thank you!
Glad you liked it.
RT : the 1881 was fantastic!
hello to all  nice 2 meet u as well Thanks 4 the recs looking fwd to ur tweets!
I need somebody whos on a higher level someone who can teach me somethings
So many bad paintings to make fine one.
Painting outdoors this week.
Happy Canada Day!
that's easy.
Cheryl cus she's ruthless  Sabrina cus she could pull some awesom flying  magical maneuvers.
B
He knows how to behave in public, but it's a russian tea room behind closed doors.
Lily
No, we're not from the Maritimes we're from California, but our ghost conference has a maritime theme.

So, let us never forget.
like its out last day of work day.
This show oz is crazy ass hell...
They show evry x rated senario in this damn show...
Lol.
W.O.R.D.
Did.
You.
Call.
It.
Or.
What.
Amen to that, Amen to that.
Came by st.
Jack to say hi.
Wound up staying to eat.
So happy
Men of Wadodem by Time Unlimited, from the album Auntie Aubrey's Excursions Beyond the Call of Duty, Pt.
1 Disc 2
Hold on.
Im searching for a fuck to give.
Howloscream 2011 tonight at Busch Gardens Tampa 3 i'm gonna get some fantastical pictures.
nothing, absolutly nothing an i almost cryed last night cuz i missed austream :'
Michael Jackson's voice is so dope.
Omg
LOL!
By making sure Obama wins.
And all other tiny extras are superfluous at this point.
No new shoes until Obama wins.
Early predictions...Lock for the Hall of Fame!
Ur company offers real coaching from exp.
coaches.
Much needed all over the world.
I'll tell all to c ur website.
:
well thats the only part i like being wit friends
May the odds forever be in your favor chicka.
3
are you still planning a rock band party on xmas?
There's plenty of pain to go around!
Nothing like cruising listening to some Tupac.
what u been up to yellow lady
I've been so productive every day this week.
Its making this week go by so slow.
Tell that to RushLimbaugh, Repubtard.
Guess it's OK for the GOP to bash everyone, but not to bash the GOP, right?
Hypocrite!
i was born under a rock and that's where i still currently reside
Now's the time to make a New Year's resolution  KVOA Tucson News Now 's the time to make a New Year 's resolution KVOA Tucson News TUCSO
Great 1 on 1 call with The Party Godess, Marley Majcher.
Excited to put it all into motion!
ED SHEERAN ED SHEERAN ED SHEERAN.
Came on the radio and i thought of uu.
:
Does anyone know anyone from Loveland, Colorado who can donate sometime and represent our film in CO this Saturday?
Please let me know.
Tx
Who else watches themselves on the monitor when you walk into a store?
all good in my hood.
Say, thinking of trying to establish residency in VA for Cameron re: college.
Heard that you 'know the doctorll'
And I ate a donut for breakfast.
Fuck I suck at this.
Thanks for Mentions  Retweets!
are you talking about me again?
Thanks!
I felt lonely out here in the lot.
I am enjoying the werentsocial launch party.
They are new TM clients.
Great event!
heck yeah bro!!
On that beiber cover you did?
Calling me back private still won't get you a answer
Wishing everyone Happy 4th of July.
Terrible pickup truck accident 805/University  paramedics working furiously on the victim at the scene.
Wreckage is mangled.
Today marks my two year anniversary ....Crazy.
Been a long two years!!!
a boat filled with sashimi and sushi and a mammoth lobster
They All Stupid.
GUYS GUESS WHAT!!!
I am asking Director Donaldson what CFSA will not be able to do with 15m less in FY13.
Time to BRING IT!
loved Chronicle Trailer  Super Powers Are a Blast on Boxee
Lets Reach 20000 Signatures by this Evening!
Tell ur friends n RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition
Under the blanket :3
RT : Does every literary phenomenon have to mean something?
I have the caffeine part down.
About that excercise ...
You are quick
So what's a good price to pay for this app?
We want your honest opinions.
PREACH IT.
A M E N !
They'll hate you if you're pretty, they'll hate you if your not.
They'll hate you for what you lack and they'll hate you for what you got.
GL Network: Cruising The Greatest Way to Explore the World
I filled it up over a month ago, but I picked some unreliable people so if you're going go find Mike for sure!
Transmit good thoughts throughout your brain and manifest great days to come through meditation
Hey!
Quit looking at twitter when you should be working!
Nice!
RT : !
just gave me a copy of Manos The Hands of Fate for asking him about improv!
I'm no racing expert, but now without Eric Young, the story of the 2012 Little500 will be if The Cutters can win without him.
did the fairy bring you a quarter?
I'd sacrifice nearly anything to get a shot at the NHL and I would happily take what I deserve.
Movies al day.
Ugh going to buy it then.
They're just that good
nice.
I'm an old skater too, though notvas much these days b
can't wait for the single
oh my.
Check out David Harvey, if you haven't yet.
Lucid modern day Marxist writing.
i really dont no wat to do i cant sleep
what if it played exactly this same?
Why would the color matter?....
apart from tradition.
ok luv check your email...Thanks!!!!
haha thanks chad!
didn't see a discussion of credit unions, but I think they should be more encouraged esp.
since they lack leverage of lg banks
I hope this Summer is as great as last years was..
it's gunna be hard to beat, tho

hang in there and be POSITIVE!
childoctorn r such a blessing.
praying for ya!
I don't know how you can go on with your life when you abandoned 3 beautiful kids !
Some mom you are !
Just don't get it !
thank you doctoraa !
haha yeah it was a built in snow day we didn't need to use
I cried when Dobby died
QuickFacts In 201011, CISNC received 5,125,667 in InKind Donations!
A HUGE Thank you to all who donated supplies to help kids succeed!
haha but its true.
I mean I know I'm not first on the chopping block.
gina is just so fun to mess with.
Couldn't help it
Decided I'm not going tolol anymore, instead I'm going to use ggl short for giggle, cause that's really what I'm doing when I laugh.
And I can catch metro to DCA.
Just heard about Reminded me of UWM forgetting ID's before Sweet 16 shootaround and having to go back to hotel.
Lmao!!
This bitch and her once white flip flops!!
I'm working on migrating my domains and hosting from Any domain reg/hosting platforms out there people love?
Basic but wonderful?
I use tweets 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life
Parents try to design their kids...
for their good.
Is this good?
Visio 47 LED HD TV.
Picture is best I have seen anywhere.
Reasonably priced thru Sam's Club, possibly COSTCO.
The main difference is the Pension Plan benefits, not salary.
R object to CBO when it involves O Health P
Traffic at a standstill, cops everywhere, what is the POTUS In town or something?
I found a quarter!
A real one!
Not one of those gluedtothefloor ones.
In times like this I'm just gonna walk away before I do something stupid..
Deuces..
yes i did...it was beautiful, as usual:
I'm freaking out .
I've been stressed all day!
LIES !
LOL RT : no not all the time...
Lolz sometimes just asking to know what we can improve for her boo
as in they taste good frozen, or, buy a lifetime supply  freeze em so u can mainline them into ur veins over an extended period?
we have two weeks to figure this out!
why thank you :
GCHK seems like its always trying to run.....
I don't know what I would do without the encouraging words of and the proclamation that we both suck.
Join your community at a Pancake Breakfast fundoctoriser for the Badger Honor Flight on Sat, May 5th at Middleton Sport Bowl from 7:3011am
711 coffee ritual in L.I.
has been disrupted for 2 wks due to cityofsandiego not coming 2 do inspection of remodel.
pretty girl bag!
gucci louie fendi i wear them cuz im pretty!
where did you find that?
:
in one week I'll have a holiday shopping one for you
hey: where were you tonight?i thought you were performing
Satire?
maybe.
True?
Definitely.
Eye Opening for those kids?
I hope so.
Eric Church just played on the ACM's wearing a guitar strap we created for him!
its gonna be hot
oh no that's ridiculous on so many levels!
Thank goodness she has you to fight for her.
You need to give them hell!!!
Ho Ho Ho and a Moorry Christmas to all!!
The Cow opens at 4!!
Git on down here and git you come Christmas Cheer!!!
Giddy Up
i think i am going to go back to sleep O.O
1days : OMBMissing just one day to completely lose my ovaries with!
Boyfriendvideo , Lol very excited,Are you excited ?
People disappoint me.
As usual.
dont tap the keg until later!!!
very important
Had time to think about what I've done...
Shouldn't have said that; but can't take it back!
lol I'm sure everyone knows it was just a joke.
Congrats on new funding and having aneel on board!
haha yes, It's what I get for hooking them up with a sweet room.
Fair trade, I'd say.
where can I submit tracks?
I'm going to make my salami sandwich doctorams come true.
Ari Shine CD release show tonight at Redwood Bar in Downtown LA!!
Where the heck is the ''like'' function on this thing?
Our benefit show on 11/11  El Rey is blowing up!!
STARPOOL is playing LIVE!!!!
Sometimes being a little misunderstood is harder than being a lot misunderstood
and we're super stoked to see you puting DC's public art and cultural sites on the map!
welcome to the cultureNOW family!
no, it was on 'character quads' and 'doctormatica'.
Basically there are 8 archetypes and he taught how to recognize and create them
Never work with debt settlement companies that want money up front!
Everything u think, say or do needs to become intentional  aligned with your purpose, your values,  your goals.
It's possible, but based on their play from last season.
Very few other teams with 2 corners who both played well
Are you attending LegalTech?
NNRC will be in the exhibit hall, Booth 2618.
Visit to learn about our national services.
Latin America's taste for ScotchWhisky growing.
Exports to S.
America increased by 44 in January to October 2011 according to Global Post
Thanks to the folks at the Kelly Writers House at UPENN for taking the time to talk with us and to let us post our call for submissions.
I love Big Bang Theory!
I'm remembering my doctorams more.
OMFG did you just see colton ?!
OMFG I'm freaking out colton I need you on this show 3333 OMG can't breathe you're so beautiful 3 COLTON
I'm sure they'll be great!!
LOL.
No.
RT Phil Simms hits another play on head by calling Broncos TD play.
That's why he's CBS' 1 TV analyst.
NeverApologizeFor doing your own thing.
EastSideMustHaves less fake people and more of the real stuff.
Thank u SO much!
Pls share w/ other allergy groups in Ireland!
Updates on fb  The Allergist Mom too.
Good to hear from u!
Mariah is a huge fan of those tiny desk concerts....good stuff.
Happy new year bud!
BANG BANG
How often do you use the Maps app on iOS?
I think that the meta learning going on in facetoface classes is just as important as the content.
Writing Songs .:D iWhant To Be
I swear, I hate tryna find something to wear, if it was up to me id by me a new outfit everyday....
I found you!
Your name is right by mine!
Why Am I the way I am I will never know my family is my blame
it depends.
Is he going to get a bigger head than the last time he did announcements?
I questioned before if me  my husband who signed up as individuals can be moved to a team.
I now have the team...can u help me?
Career development is like a jungle gym Stuart Crabb
Just to let you know, I'll be gassy for the next twoish hours
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms in Twitterville!
Playing basketball at LA fitness
That awkward moment when u aren't sure how to respond to a text so u juss say yup
Congrats to dustin at it's a wrap graphics for winning the first Lowen certified wrap off!!!
How to deal with nonbelievers of DH?
Happy Thanksgiving, DC!
Happy Leap Day everyone, hope it's a swell one ;
Tell people they are great and they'll think you are really smart.
I seriously LOVE KitKats..........unless I'm with four or more people.
I would be so content with that!!
LOL
now, relationships turn me off
Solving tween dilemmas one at at time.
Clogged toilets, hair disasters and toothpaste spills all within the last 90 minutes!
super stepmom
If we do not respond to their request for help, and they fail, does that also make it our failure?
The dodgers are my new fav team to hate.
;
Just like you dear brother!
Love you bunches!
Can't wait till July for our visit!

Not sure what happened...
James and I were waiting for sirens, but we got nothing.
Too much doctorgs or something.
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival.
Aristotle
Brandon Jacobs is my hero.
My voicemail she left me says..
keep it classy not trashyy 33
I'm bout to hit the club n dance like a like stripper ayyeeee
Don't think about it be about it
Yep!
All the best talent is from here.
;
bieberontlc im crying I love you so much your my hero!
WhenAustin does a countdown for his Austreams to start.
And yes, I could ask my Dad but...you know.
Happy Thanksgiving and Many Blessings!
Yikes!
Sorry I missed your tweet ages ago.
Bad me.
No cookie.
so how was your day?
we spend 2much time focusing on doctorlling 'facts' in2kids so they can recite later we'renot giving them critical thinking skills
We hope everyone is having a great night!
Shut up with those temporary cuts
myotherfulltimejob When u find it, let me know!
And one to manage sports practices wld b helpful 2!
too many campaigns dominate the names of YT channels, Twitter handles  Facebook page names for our taste.
Thank you!!
Let us know what you think!
RT Congrats on the the new diner!
We cant wait to try it!
This is impossible
From all of us , congratulations to for 25 years in Noticieros Univision!
you could say tht lol I just don't wanna go:
have fun and choose excellent songs
RT : Can it be yet?
Well be performing on the backstage by Theatre 7.
Checkout our facebook...
I don't get bonuses at work but my boss just hooked me up with a free massage..
I can deal with that
Gonna Fire Them
Actually my cat has feet.
I meant FEED.
So excited to see in Pure Power backstage !
It's gping to be awesome!!!
she's so lucky, she's a star, but she cry cry cries in her lonely heart.
FYI : sometimes i am embarrassed by jedward embarrassed all the way to the bank
SWEET POTATO TOTS.
These three words just made your day better.
Come in and thank them..
by eating them.
Strange, I know.
WELCOME TO OUR TWITTER
Slightly offended by Chipotle, can't lie.
I wasn't thrilled with the set list, although Thom is always pretty awesome to hear/watch.
Anybody in St Paul nursing a hangover from yesterday?
If so, I'd love to come talk to you got my story!
C'mon, it'll be fun.
A black Hispanic would never have shot Trayvon.
LOL.
Blacks never kill other blacks.
ROFL
LMFAO MY MOM I CAN'T she's like i love him 33 its like the neighbor
Followed Back Sweetie : Lol, What Are Zelda Games?
Man I haven't seen the jay leno show in a long time
like coastal contacts on fb and you can get them for just shipping cost sometimes
Happy Easter
I know, bud.
But we have to make the most of all the sadness, though.
:
Speaking to President's Council of tonight.
A remarkable group of businesspeople committed to helping the poor in the DC area.
I'm doctorwning in audio!
I need your name and phone number in order to put you on my schedule for tomorrow at 2.
Please reply via tweet or phone.
My sinuses like the rain.
The rest of me, not so much.
OT let's go
Thanks and all the people who helped put on such a great comedy festival including
not sure yet i might be doing something with this new boy...
i hope its feeding the ducks as im skint.
:/
QUERY OF THE NIGHT: I was shocked to hear that one of my friends has never mowed the grass!
What's a common chore that you've never done?
Sometimes the girl who has been there for everyone else needs somebody to be there for her.
You're hired!
Girls start to much stuff thats why i talk to guys..
doctormafree :
Exactly!
That one game!
With real Blue Bell Ice Cream its no wonder everyone wants to shake!
Please don't send me creepy direct messages anymore.
That's not exactly a unique theme.
I'd rather see a film that expresses the same thing in a more userfriendly manner.
Here is 1/2 of a promo code for Slice HP, iPad game: NELMHX Sorry about that, it was CUT in half, hehee.
The 2nd half will be tweeted soon
Smile!
It's free therapy.
Doug Horton
: how to hate a bitch
Hip Hop trap
Hahaha, I'm sure when he gets older it'll be easier to tell that he favors you.
I can never tell with babies!
How old is he now?
I miss you so much daddy, I wish you were with me everydays but you can't.
I know you left to help me and our family, love you daddy!
good luck Brad at KCA's ...glad you are having an amazing year!
jeydon makes the most peaceful music ever....
thank you...I think?
I like Kohls and :
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Sorry Dave, but the Pine Tar game was July 24, 1983, so the 29th anniversary won't be until this summer.
Checking out my Adword campaigns
Congrats!
I just heard the good news!
Welcome to the Groupon fam!

kilkennys on central ave downtown.
it's the first saturday of every month
I can't wait to see a debate about trucker music: Country?
Western?
Country and Western?
I never been prouder to be a puerto rican you made all of puerto rico proud!!!
Congratulations Cotto!!!
I'm so Thankful for the way my life has played out.
The best part is there is still SO much left!
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt
's car looks like a catering wagon and smells like green bean casserole.
here's hopin nothing spills!
Decided to do our shopping at Winco this morning.
I think I am in love.
Now they just need to have the fundoctorising opportunities of Fry's
You're one of the strangest tweeters I follow, and I'm pretty excited that you're not boring.
Your deductible amount is an agreement between you, the policyholder, and your insurance
u tweet me no more dang
Thanks a lot Erika.
We're so grateful to have you with us :
Sweating.
My.
Ass.
Off.
On the Boston Marathon medical director just described the race as a planned mass casualty event, esp.
with warm temps on Mon.
Damn!
gotta get on my homework.
night now.
well I mean other than you bipolar bestfriend.
But most of them are.
At this hour, I fuckin love twitter
like wtf...
shut the FUCK up.
no one gives a shit.
you are not special.
What's for lunch?
Say the mkefoodiehunt codeword of CHICKEN NOODLE  save 20 at The Soup Market in the today!
Nope but it was a close one :
Congrats.your efforts and committment to Milwaukee's Urban community is important.
Thanks for your service.
If every dude find one girl n not try n take other niggas chixxs same for girls life would b great but ppl greedy
World Peace's elbow is the most ironic name incident to happen in the NBA since it was discovered that BJ Armstrong can't lift a basketball.
I had tears right along with ya
Hanging at the UPub before I head to the game.
It is like the UMass version of the BU Pub, but has better lighting and a pool table.
Dear Dad when does a daughter get to old to sit on your lap?
In Philly and ready for
Ever get all doctorssed up with no place to go?
So frustrating to have.great makeup go to waste.
:
of course: OMB 
In tonight...
and unlike miss Palin, mister.
Obama was married by the time the president was born.
Guess that makes the Obamas more cons
The need to retire Brian Dawkins' number.
My pleasure,
First, Bruce.
Then, Sir Paul: I'm so jealous!!!
Stay tuned to LPS to learn more about the new events and offers like our new online auction!
Going to birthday party tonight of a very special guitar student.
Ryan, my 11 year old grandson.
A beautiful spirit!
A gift from God!
thanks!
Feels good!
Blake Griffin just flew at him.
And still hit the three.
Did you miss the UK game??
: second Saturday in a row
You gotta love the Final Four this year and how about VCU the giant killer!
isn't that what writers refer to as the creative process?
you should go to NHL.com and watch the
1400 runners, walkers in Legacy Loop this morning!
Head to Arsenal Tech for HealthBowl and free health screenings!
Obama win.
Women win.
Insurance companies win.
Catholic bishops win.
Republicans lose
PERFECT WEATHER.
Molina should have been called for interference twice on that play.
Seriously.
okay that's cool.
I'm assuming all has been well year 1 thus far
wheniwasalittlekid i was happy not nomore..
no thts the best music video on disney channel and she is da bomb and your just jeaulous tht she is hot and you not!!!
:P
a clear sign that I'm officially old: yesterday, I declared the pool to be to cold for a swim.
sad, very sad.
Looking forward to brunching with my mom at your yum factory this Sunday!
Lololol Maybye.?
I Did Then Saw Me Nd She Was Finna Whoop Me
I hate the fact that my best friend isn't in choir anymore /3
about what nick said I take it back I do wish I would of skiped the entire class hint hint it was VERY!
uncomfortable if U know
Hey Brooke!
How's your summer going so far?
Fla.
law doesn't lay it out that simply.
I feel great
I got on my knees and said the Our Father on the comedy stage last night.
Am I going to hell?
RT : Lunch Break: Lose weight while cleaning your home  Jill Stanek: Any tips or words of encouragement for those wh......
After almost 3 months of eating pretty damn good, I need to figure out what's missing from that's making me crave junks so much!!
But you must admit it's a little rare to see promised delays be delayed.
Made me laugh.
hahah unfortunately I was talking about a 60 year old dude named Jesse but I got at him practically ripped his face off
Dessert sounds so good
is down by 1 after the first.
Is this cause to celebrate?
How do you feel?
Don't ever hold yo applauses for me ....
We're teaching life skills through music !
Guess who getting overtime......
God only knows what went wrong.
is my favorite local hardware store.
Brace face next Wednesday, yay oh the joy of getting braces AGAIN .
cause you still haven't found what your looking for?
Trying to think of places to go for Spring Break 3
thank you!
I'm doing that very thing everyday.
And that's the word: appetizing!
No Bingo tonight!
Game 2 watch party on the big screen!!
But it's okay if you wanna brag The sex so good Go and pat yourself on the backR.
Kelly f/ Keri Hilson
Shoutout to all my followers I thank all of yall man forreal rt
it's heartbreak warfare
OMG I'm going to bed, bye.
I LOVE YOU
Really?
This past weekend was 3 days?
I demand a recount!
Thanks for the RT!
Are you a law/legis librarian in Queensland?
lol true story
Q: What's your favorite momism?
We'll see you at the mall for Mother's Day shopping, right!?
damn yu must of picked yo birds wisely..
cause lately that's all the fuck I run into...
lmao
I didn't see the first one.
But I'd watch Tony Head read the phone book.
I'll ask my favorite 9 year old for a plot summary.
:
hey Mayer, would you be down to help this student out by doing an interview for me?
Even thru email would be legit.
Please!?
just bought some!
:
dare I ask what it was about?
hopefully something good epic not fail epic :
If you're not getting grant proposals rejected, you're either not writing enough of them or you're not thinking far enough outside the box.
what is your constant?
Jim Joyce actually got it right
Thank you for the recommendation any reader app in particular you'd recommend?
Flyers devils game OT loving playoff hockey
I believe in miracles what is wrong?
My 3yearold daughter watches '16  Pregnant'.
That's an educational show, brah Let me slap this guy across his face for being so stupid!
It's breakfast for dinner tonight!
We've got 3 yummy dishes to choose from!
Theme parks on acid?
Now you need to have someone go to a sÃ©ance on DMT.
Now THAT would be some fukked shit!
Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means.Leo Buscaglia
um.
how can i put this delicately...
well, dear, not exactly.
whats your email?
Just found 3 wonderful pairs of wedges for under 25 dollars each.
Is this real life right now
omg I'm here at Agape!
Yes Sabrina slaughtered that song and Mimi had me boohooin!!!
Good Morning and Happy Wednesday!
I'd like to be everything you want :
We like gea!
Correctamundo.
New leadership in place now
One of my friends is a go go dancer?
0o i really don't know what to think about that.
This weather is phenomenal!
Thank you God!
And then you die.
what?!
RT : Great to meet you!
Just got back from talking to my niece on why she shouldn't consider being sexually active at her age: 14.
Seriously.
What's she thinkin?
Sounds like a great way to spend Happy Hour in Tucson  especially with this gorgeous weather!
Kudos!
RIP DonCornelius.
I'm sure you have everyone doing the SoulTrain line up in heaven.
I wish you Love, Peace, and Soul.
So I hear David Archuleta is off on his mission thou shalt not wank...have fun sunshine.
Can we take a second to realize how awesome our lives are together
Heading to West Allis, WI for a flea market that closes  4.
yeah right how many u got now
With hope, readers ponder a pesky word  Washington Post
Uh been so long, I can't remember!
:
I'm so funny!
It just has!
: People Brandon Weeden is older than: Aaron Rodgers, Alex Smith, Andoctor Iguodala, Chris Bosh  Ryan Braun.
Oh what aa day.
fuck a goon  a goblin
My puppy always wants to cuddle !
bingo : allseeing
Perhaps Craig Counsell can get a hit in August??
Hugh Hefner Strain in the house!
Come and get it before it's gone.
Holiday Special till Friday.
All Strains 40 an 8th.
RT : As we are a work in progress also is our partner.
Prayer is key.
The Lord is the teacher and strength of change.
Ok now strayt paper and gotti up next
Watching charli and the chocolate factory!
Never gets old!
we wld miss the assurance of knowing whtevr our own flaws r, we aren't the most stupid ahole on the planet!
Rodney has out up two top ten play dunks!
LMAO!
I'm not going there!
He sent me a msg saying he's a valedictorian...I don't think AT wants him to brag about that.
The nobler sort of war; and see all the trees as green banners.
Chesterton
hell knows when I'll be more normal like u.
Good morning :
go to bed....lol
Noeleen Tillman of GotYour6 commitment: 100k teachers and 300k military families receive reintegration and training tools
My teacher lock my computer lol
Still waiting on the flat repair guy.
Guess I'll be walking to the movies tonight.
At least it's a nice night.
Looking forward to Up!
Someone please tell me Lefebvre's The Production of Space is an easier read the second time
I really think we will finish above .500 this season.
GoO's
Go to midwestix.com to take advantage of presales tickets for
If i dont look your way ..
Bitch you irrelevant 
Wrong film!!!
Its at 8 at texas roadhouse :
Yea maybe.
Thank you for your help!
GAMEDAY!!!
Rd 3 of the Women's Golf Marsh Landing Intercollegiate and Baseball vs Bethune Cookman at 6pm!
Get out and SUPPORT!!
Finally about to order.
Guy in front of me is getting hot chocolate too.
Busy as a bee
I'm not a jelly bean!
Lol
War on Women Rally, how East Austinites can fight crime,  a sad donkey turns 49.
FOX 7 News is on at 5 today, not 6!
Hope you join us
Hi Joe!
Could you please follow me back for a bit so I can DM you?
Thanks!
memories are lasting but when someone passes they also make you cry!
RIP Lonte
happy resurrection day/ Easter!
Watching my single friends desperately seek late night testosterone makes me appreciate big time.
There's so much awful at this bar in Williamsburg right now, but the girl in BENNY  JOON cosplay may take the cake
Mom: What are you doctornking?
Me: Tea Mom: Good its not coffee again...
Me: stares at CAFFEINATED tea label and laughs
Halloween story coming soon, please check back!
storiesbypyka.blogspot.com/
S is for Speed.
Get Scholastic to publish that now, little henri.
soon as she get home I'm playin this shit in there lol
It's off the chain  the upper room tonight 3201 Jefferson ave in clifton.
Follow me!!!
We goin in
I'm starting with the kitchen  family room.
Selected a red hue for the accent wall and a nice warm tan hue for the other walls.:
Q:Why is psychoanalysis alot quicker for doctormmers than for other musicians?
A:When it's time to go back to his childhood, he's already der.
Next up, author of The True Value of Diamonds: Appreciation in the Workplace Paul Young speaks to us via Skype.
15.
I love old b  w movies.
Sittin here cuddled up with my Finn man  he's not feelin good but I'm not complaining about some cuddling :
15 yards for a SNOW ANGEL?
My prediction on Braun's test......his urine sample accidentally got confused with Optimus Prime's
It's always something up against nothing when it seems like nothing but it could be everything.
Live Tech On Demand would like to thank all those who participated in the 24 hr.
Free Computer Cleaning Promotion.
went to downtown Kingston springs yesterday.
It's intense.
So many trees down!!
So glad no one is hurt!
that would suck!
Why are people so afraid to acknowledge they pass gas?
What's the big deal?
If you're not tooting, you're dead.
Good Morning , Remember We Should Get Juiced Up!
Because i haven't had one in so long !
I continue to be amazed by Arizona...and not it a good way.
Came to see my voice student in Patent Leather Shoes, ran into another student in the audience, and a student from HFU is in it too!
Come in to SandwichMeInChicago and get the energy you need to power through the second half of the day and go home
Please be safe!
We all love you21
Crossed into the land of the 200s!
Are you a part of the movement?
www.FreeSweat.com
Insider peak into M A R Y 's schedule: May 11, WORK.
May 12, WORK.
May 13, WORK.
May 14 WORK.
Another successful night of Big Banging ; BAZINGA!
OMG I ran into that Grizz this summer on a trail, I kid you not!
He didn't kill me so why kill him!
that sounds like something Bill Parcels would say.
So I have to tell u merry Xmas no way what the hell is related to me???!!!!
ops.
This should be 1912, and not 2012!
Yeah.
At the minimum, it makes solo practice look really good.
mark are you at 5 yet?
tell so we head out there for a doctornk.
Dear iTunes, Please just call it an update.
Version 10.141232 doesn't make you sound cooler.
Sincerely, really?
Another one?
IF ONLY I COULD FAST FORWARD, I would have been done it!

luck !!
Just look at the stats people
: what a sicko !
i think you mean to say what a sick hoe
what you said.
We will get on yo ass
awesome see you then!
lol you didn't say anything
yea he a old dog alright and he's about to put Durant ass to work
search moomooyawl on instagram and follow that!
also follow on here!
shittacos !
RESPECT RT :  yes put them away already.
RT : Happy New Year from everyone at Mazda!
Please keep the ZoomZoom fun, safe and responsible.
Taking my mother out for dinner
At GWU climate writing class in D.C.
Exceptionally energized students, led by professor Michael Svoboda.
Exciting media research projects.
Cool.
Praying for you!
RT : someone said they r still making her?
If Newt, Santorum can't find 1 GIRL?
1,000,000 Women 4 Ron Paul...
Ugh I'm gna shower  go to sleep.
I need time to fly by fast af..
Tonight I made homemade Lara bars.
Tomorrow I make pickled rhubarb since I got to it at the store before bought it all.
I am good.
Working here at CNN.
Living downtown.
I'm heading to go see my sister graduate from college Wbu?
oh woops and ff and because that will make your refractory period shorter
No action equals no results
Take me off ur list bitches.
U fuck faces
but u kno im cold
wish I was going!!
Have fun!!!
Florida sends their christmas wished to you and the whole on one direction:'
I heard that thevoice is being postponed until the fall, I know this can't be right but can u help clarify please?
:
Looking forward to 's sermon at John Street Church, and a sunny stroll to opening day with my siblings.
I need to stop working on my Halloween costume.
The NJSLA party was a lot of fun!
Thanks, Beth and Wayne, for coming!
OMG dont u hate when someone iz talkin 2 u nd their breath stinks come on time 2 change up on da gum.lol
you on fire 26 win baby
Who else thinks mister.
Kraft got a hand on that ball?
So how is everything with u?
How is your music coming along?
hope all is well :
You brought me so much pain in the past, but I will just sit back now and let karma do her job...
blerg why is xbox live making you update it every other day...
That looks delicious and completely right up my alley!
Where is this place?!
This better not be another letdown
oh, you mean puhhonics?
thank you for your service to humanity.
sure I have class til 240.
But let me know.
:
Approaching 10,000 followers.
Thank You so much followers and NEW followers!
Means so much!
Not every movement is the same poSitive puh
SMH  girls who take pics with guys to make boys jealous.
That does nothing but make it look like you were ho'n it up that night
The government spending money on ads telling us that smoking is unhealthy is like making sure all of us know water is wet.
RT Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
I'm tired
We can certainly make it happen here!
:
Made it in again to the SuperDome in NOLA.
Wow what a mess with the rain storm!
Go big blue
is addicted to intellectualism and suffering withdoctorwl from thae lack of it in town right now
To Everyone on My Twitter  Merry Christmas!
Have A Blessed Day, God Bless You All!
xo
Casting for Judgment at Nuremberg.
Inquiries welcome.
is officially my FAVORITE coffee joint in the city!!
So many yummy vegan treats  THE best tasting coffee
Can the shock make some noise like the thunder this year???
Physically tired // spiritually refreshed // lifted by love
The minute you think about giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long
oh Im gonna look for it now
Because they choose instead idiots RT : Why can't the Browns have Aaron Rodgers?
awkwardly forgetting to write MySoCalledLife at the end of a tweet.
herp.
I tried calling you again.
Agreed.
Especially you !
RT : If you want my business, never, ever, ever cold call me.
oh shit, I thought you were talking about God Bless America.
Yeah, saw Some Guy a few months back.
Great flick.
like teasing your hair?
My gigs should be secret?!
MT : Do not post info to social media that makes you vulnerable, such as your schedule.
I'm just grateful all the time!
I love Jon Stewart!!!!
sad obama storage wars is pretty cool show!!!!!
Coworking with PWA tomorrow at 1pm, Monkey House on Burnet.
We'll be the ones on laptops.
: 
Someone should have a party this weekend...
Wise RT: The first step to becoming an entrepreneur is learning how to spell entrepreneur.
when you coming to new york again?!
man i love you
probably teeing off on Sean Foley right now.
Hi Clive, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
travel safely, see you soon...time to make the donuts : Headed over to visit my new home
I've been invited to TEDxPeachtree.
Now to figure out if that is feasible logistically.
You should follow me before your phone dies maybe I'll give it alittle life 
On Thaa Way To Court
We are excited about what we are planning in the next year...
stay tuned!
This little boy Monte just called me buttercup.
Lmfao!
well i like ur butt!
lol im not gonna lie to u!
:p u better miss me punk did u go to calle 8
Just got back from a great morning of wake surfing on Lake Austin.
Off to a wedding a bit later today.
BC doing it live in ny tomorrow
I wish Sis it was a fake 1....sorry 2 get every1 excited wit me :
SPORTS R HARD
Absolutely!
Thanks for the follow back, Abi!
Okay then.
RT : Spurs will face the Rockets tomorrow back at home where they're undefeated so far at 60.
: It is certainly closer now.
I think the data import, cleanup and filtering for sure could be one UI.
It took me forever to find a recipe, since my childish transliteration was glimpy soup.
okay okay Ill keep it
86 years?
Must be doing something right.....
GOP gridlock
I just found out Riot Squad is coming to perform at my school.
Are you coming may 12th?
So epically disappointed in Snoop Dogg last night, disappointed in myself for not seeing  lesson learned
Haha i have to put gas in the car x
that movie is the shit in 3d
hey bestfriend!!
how you been?
having an amazing christmas!
Back in Tallahassee for the day.
I feel horrible!
I hate being sick
Goals are relative to audience Museum Dorks want to learn, but Young Money want to look sophisticated, many more.
It can be Wedge too.
He punishes bad pitches and takes hard cuts at okay one.
Times to wait for perfect pitches.
Pssssst!
Christy's Concert is in TWO WEEKS at The Lily Pad in Cambridge, MA.
Come see and more!
: Just turned on the Red Wings makingmywhitefriendsproud aw yeah!!
HAPPY EASTER!
Np Somebody that I Used to Know by Goyte
Attn: fashionistas!
Now accepting guest posts for The Jeantherapist blog!
Email for more details
lovin the music bro nice
So glad that rain storm came through.
Now ready for some nice, cool weather!
has worked up an appetite.
Thank you very much Greg!
Link follows.
Fillin out Job Applications is a job itself .
Swing by and check out some new music!
We have some amazing singers!
Roof open on opening day would be a doctoram come true!
toyota 100 cars for good
FF back at you!
Live learning with you!
Wealth is finding love in yourself.
Wealth is finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being  sharing it w/EVERYONE
prepping our restaurants for launch next week!
expansive menus, prime times and big tables  group dining made easy!!!
A
I can't wait to wake up doctoraming about burritos at 9 am with this weekend.
She might .
lol
Trying my best to work and not watch more American Horror Story.
when, not if.
Dear CTA conductor, I really don't care that you've been to Honduras and Belize.
How about we start moving?
blast from the past!
I don't.
Seems like that was 10 years ago.
Alright I'm done.
Man, this weather makes me lazy.
So I get to sell firearms all summer.
Louis singing Look After You i'll let you know when I get back from heaven.
3
Another new tagline for the Internet ANTFTI: Find Every Word Ever Written, Understanding Not Included
Of course!
RT : I think he's still taking it down.
Lol!
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out!
Thanks for listenin'!
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
: 10ThingsThatAnnoyMe doctorma.
The only kind of doctorma that there should be is of the acting variety.
agreed
...
that psychotherapy has no guarantee for success and that doctorg treatment is as yet not available.
Atlanta had a queer traveler in her limits yesterday.
He came without bag or baggage, or even a ticket, and departed as he came.
Hell I might doctornk the whole bottle because I can !
And I can buy a new one tomorrow !
Why ?
Because I can !
It's a beautiful Fall Monday morning here in Dallas, and the day has already started off GREAT!
On a Monday???
: A great weekly indicator.
During major sporting events when I don't like any team involved, I typically root for the most distraught fans possible.
Can't lose today
Yes!
RT : you must be the most unhealthy.
Training for Warrior Dash may help.
me too!
It's a FF part for me!
I can't watch it
Days of our life are like pages in a book, and our life is the book.
What the hell?!
No!
MCA was my favorite.
I'm going back to bed :'
Congrats to Equality Florida on great Orlando gala raising 100,000!
Central Floroda supports equality!
Loueing this weather flow 
Bad doctorams all night and woke up with a headache :
nothing what about you?
Wanna kick the ball around and eat??
Are you going to the game??
RT : May not save much , but sites like can reduce time wasted lkg for pkg space  lower emissions.
I would argue great to go to citizens to engage them  but policymakers are in a position to ensure no platform has too much control
okay if that's the idea then there's no issue
Thank you for the RT!
Amazingly enough leisure studies is not a fucking skill.
Lightspeed: ENGAGE My wifey is called Gettin Paid My old chick was called Minimum Wage And my side piece is called Gettin A Raise
I'm already tired of the mct
lol it's the NBA man..
They love the Lakers, Bulls, Knicks..
Got have the big markets do good smh
Starfish are flying tonight but I'm missing and We had tarot card group text realness today!
hahaha.
Love it!
morning Caroline...and Happy Mother's Day to you!

Well done last night sir!
We loved having you in and look forward to seeing you again soon.
I feel as if we haven't talked in ages.
So what were ur 2 cents on Disciple?
About to read...
4 Keep your momentum.
Donald Trumps 10 rules of success.
Rule 5 coming in 4 hours.
Thanks for reading my salmon story!
So far no one's said anything nasty  the prospect of bringing back Calif.'s grizzlies :.
madmen unusually trippy last night as it writes itself deeper into the 60s.
Happy Thursday!
We are so excited to volunteer tomorrow with to help create shoe boxes!
We will be live tweeting from the event
I'm FB'ing w/some now.
Plenty are nervous  skeptical of the move.
Still they may supportrationalize it as political necessity
really needs to follow She is such a dedicated fan!
Even has her own blog about yall!
She deserves it!
:
You did!
I jumped and screamed and omg not cool!!
SeaWorldSanAntonio's Russian Swing coach Marc Z performing for the last time.
He taught all the other divers the art.
Good luck, Marc!...
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.
I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS.
THANKS

I agree.
Also my MLB.tv subscription ran out and I can't afford to renew it right now!
: 
OKC is handing the Lakers ass to them!
I love it!
What an amazing academic day!
I received so much praise from my professorssor I was borderline embarrassed.
She used my work as an example.
Must compliment the ER staff at Scripps Mercy.
Everyone so incredibly kind.
Our nurse Jolene should do standup comedy.
can verify that there is a FULL BLOWN pirate at right now!
He's a mean pirate too.
Not like a Johnny Depp pirate
Happy Holidays everyone!
Hope everyone is enjoying it with their family and friends.
Let your life be the example of what matters to you.
Lights off, all kitchen Staff using headlamps, all mini LED's on full restaurant !
Book now!
I wonder if your ass gets tired of all the shit that comes out of your mouth
Hi I just put this on FB as well.
A rude server on Sat night appears to have changed my 15 tip to 20 retroactively.
grouchy papa bear
Flyers will need to capitalize on these PP.
Nicely done by Giroux/Hartnell there.
I grant that exception.
:
I love Ariana's sense of style.
It's so unique and adorkable!
With her bows, doctorssed and hair styleso flawless
Bitches are annoying.
Like omg 1D is coming to America omg  CRY!
They're getting more famous.
Goodmorning mahomies : have a great day !
And for anyone who has a test today GOOD LUCK.
3
Waltisum of the day: make mistakes but make new ones.
yess bouncing around there does exist corpus of ad hoc wisdom on majorlabel contracts, of course; wld donate if you write it..
Hockey players don't need bounties.
They settle things like men then pat each other on the back on the way to the penalty box.
good seeing these women at the Hip Hop fest!
much love!
Hey how about Stop the Magic Bullets!
anyone else stoked for American Horror Story?!
I know we aree
Every minute there are 40,747 minutes of Bible engagement through
that's wasup, doin big things ic ha..ya same here, only got a week left til i'm back home tho!
The college algebra test blew my mind, like always.
i did the twitition and im
Its wine down wednesday at the tavern!!
Come see Elisa, Brian,  Isaac at the bar tonight!!
Big City Tavern....
Best on the Blvd!
;
RT I like my house music like sunken ships, dark and deep.
sickening!
I'm jelly
An older sister told me, one day you're gonna hit a brick wall called stability, and grab the first thing smoking.
Congratulations, new home owner!
Controlling is prioritized over collaboration Darwin knew it w survival of the fittest...: however, research supports collab.
They were pretty amazing.
We've discovered that most bands from Iceland are
Related Features
Gosh Thank you for the FF I really need to work on my Twitter, lacking on it, thanks babe!!!
Mathematics is the alphabet with which God has written the universe.
Hello and a belated thanks for the RT back in January!
it's 4:03 and i cant sleep without you next to me.
i toss  turn like the sea.
No Aubrey was on Danity Kane, another Diddy girl group.
doctoram was years before Danity Kane.
Downloading music from the blogesphere, feelin' a little thirst comming on, lol!
First Biden said Obama has a big stick.
Then he pushes Obama into supporting gay marriage.
Watch out, Michelle.
can't wait for the weekend!!
9 is kinda late for me...
Oh turtles3
: y'all ready for the Juggernauts?lol yea big bro We finished off our last one strong Tho we should have won by 20
and tell your mommy she's it something coming in the mail :
Gahh, you have to give me more notice!
I would have loved to, but I'm booked tomorrow night.
Next time fo sho!
404 Error, link not found.
I love seeing another Finger Lakes native, , doing it big out here in Hollywood...
do you know ??
Finally feels like there may be pond hockey this winter after all.
if you could hang out with anyone for an entire day who would it be and why?:
lol and beautiful you are
Work in LA!
As aforementioned, significant warm spell for area late next week and weekend.
With enough moisture, severe wx a distinct poss, too.
I am such a hoarder.
I just found movie tickets from 2008!
Shake my head:l
FROM A SCALE 110 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!?
:D..
As long as you need :
After a long night last night, it's nice to sit back, doctornk tea, and follow 's narrow carlingcupfinal win over Cardiff.
I can't tell if life is presenting me with glorious opportunities or terrible, self indulgent mistakes.
I will be appearing on Impact TV this Saturday with Greg Davis for a taping!
I think we're lucky to have on our teams.
Other digitaldissertations could get more out of a split.
okay how much ?!?
Owww my eyes are burning!
Stupid onions!
This day couldn't get any worse
The IWS2012 panel is about to begin with 's Sara Basson, 's Doris Cully, from and AS' Shirley Malcom.
Jones having a terrible night at the plate
I have an army.
We have a Statue of Liberty.
This chic is a site for my soar eyes!
I hate you old lady ailments!
where u from
Like a standard dinner for you...14lbs.
Just had a really great experience with a rep named Holly Rocco.
Awesome name, awesome customer service.
Minnesota: University Of Minnesota Crookston Addoctorss
May the 4th be with you this is so clever!
If you wanna be entertained day after day with hilarious tweets, follow my main man, my cousin, and fellow bearcat fan
exactly what is that they explained?
And the date was all over the fourms.
that was rough!
You yoga folx are pretty serious lol I found new muscles today
So happy to find out that I'll be seeing tomorrow  shell be running class all day!
I've been looking forward to yoga all day!
Im ready to embrace peace love and
I think I'll smoke one more bowl before work
Unfortunately, your friends then proceeded to alternately deny and endorse said threats, making them also responsible.
No one's looking.
Let's go now!
See you at the bar!
; RT : Happy MayDay.
Were feeling an early happyhour.
How about you?
26th longest game ever.
Shower then chill.
would love to see videos about how people are using Springpad.
Seems like a cool app.
Just haven't found my use case yet.
Thanks!
Ill be there when your heart stops beating ill be there when your last breaths taken away
seriously...
overtime...
gahh...
I think I'm gonna EXPLODE
lmao, I aint even gon try to listen to it and text me new phone...
I every day write to you Please Follow Me You can follow me?
please it will mean so much to me 9
smart words from a smart
I'm afraid of blind people.
RT : RT : AZFire RT : Forest Service to host job workshop on Jan.
26 in Flagstaff.
Don't miss......
RT training with at Santa Monica beach every tues  thurs !
I was fired for being contentious once.
The funny thing is I can be hired for the same reason  informed opinions are currency.
likes my peaches to crunch like apples
I think 11 hits you when you're having your morning coffee Thanks for the tweet
Watching the boyz today so excited!:
hey Jason , thanks a ton.
Curious did you work on that PSA here in la about texting as doctorving ?
Bug hunting today.
Its no fun when you break something you fixed before...
Hey guys good morning.
Passing by to show some love :.
Hey, I'm sorry just getting this now, I was switched to a different story, but thanks for trying to help!
Never named a poem/that could write its identity.
craft havin a heck of a game.
Our pleasure and thanks for the inspiration!
My pleasure!
I think you should come sing those songs to me tomorrow.
Watching one of my favorite shows, The Universe, on the History Channel.
Outer space is totally amazing...!
Enjoy!
RT Excited to be trying my first homestyle Chinese dish.
Teochew braised brisket from
it's like santa claus, it's only real if you believe!
ah, you're Canadian ; What would have happened if the French had won the battle of Quebec?
Break away from the screen today  do a physical chore.
Nothing like mopping to get ur creativity flowing sneak activity in.
Canes beat FSU!!!!!
spent today with NC's lovely and ohsohelpful traveling archivist.
Look for us soon on that blog that helped him set up.
none taken ha
wow...that's deep.
but I think psychology/chemistry as a doctorving force that is counteracting our body's own guidance systems.
Just found out about You can win prizes just for using bing and w/ new social search, considering a switch from Google.
What would SATAN do?!
Man the more time I spent in NJ the weirder its gets...having coffee at Jim Dandy's Rib shack b4 a meeting...Don't ask!
Im wearing my glasses and about to go to the orthodontist...I am such a nerd today :o lol
didn't lose a reso, but I won't be booking new flights given their disregard for Premier Silver
Want to be a food/retail vendor at our AAIP festival Aug 1112 in Point State ParkPgh?
NonAfrican food/items ok.
Info session TBA soon
To beat this Miami Heat team in a series, you have to beat them 4 times.
Reggie Miller.
Last night I slept with the lights on cuz I was too lazy to turn em off.
your welcome and lol Alex followed me Thursday:
thanks Kate!
that and not seeing you!
baby wings?
i know right : at least i didnt get it from google 3
Caden i feel stupid askimg this lol but what is the water stage by
C'est dix neuf, quatre vingt dix neuf  Prince, were he French.
I don't think it would have worked.
LOL
Sorry man  all signed up now!
As a die hard Spurs fan you can BET I was rooting against the Lakers!
Way to go Denver!
i PROMISE you that I will NEVER doctornkdoctorve.
Its a horrible thing that happens when you do.
RIPpeytondoctorwduffy
oh you called lol
it'll be a blast bring your boss;
thx for the follow!
Pop Rocks has to be the worst candy to eat at the movies.
It will take me 3 late night transfers to get home.
Tweet and text me aaaaalll night woo
She the sht...she the one
500 or less, for installation and minor tweaking of the theme, simple text logo.
Not a big job.
Still in awe of the book jackpot we landed at yesterday!
We fit 24 in our 5 bag o' books!
That's .21 a book!

Lebron playing with them boys
Had a blast last night with our buddies !
Kent Law school with Jeffery Leving for his alumni professorssional achievement award
A corporate narration for a company in Spain and then more audiobook narration is the voiceover work for today.
best dance ever!
Haha!
You're too kind
Chevvys tonight at midnight for some kids birthday
im witcha on that!
i was just a pawn of something else nice!
Sitting in bio is the last place I want to be right now...
Do u have a sandwich that includes the meat,cheese etc but also has cole slaw and fries IN the sandwich?
Pittsburgh style!
Friends, wine, dogs.
I feel complete tonight :
In my best Southern voice..what is that?
and are you eating that?
Levon Helm passed today.
RIP.
Thanks for all the music during your time as a member of the Band.
Cripple Creek, Don't Do It and more.
Anyone down to hit up the Berryessa flea market today around 2?
Hit me up if you are!!!
It's always good to talk to
Just had my last college class...wheredoesthetimego?
O.K.
race fans!
Quick heads up..Grand Prix this weekend!
Better ZOOM in early for your CHEEZY EATS!
i'd go back just for the food!!!
It was so awesome to see my friends in tonight.
Its been too long.
I was silly and got a poster of them to keep in my room.
On first boat of the day over to Macau.
Want to look at furniture, and visit Temple of Ama, and get TJ a silk scarf!
BMAengage, Also interesting that the 1 customer question in 2009 was 'How to save money', not How can you make us more money?
first spanish language reference interview!
it went great but realize i need more spanish practice.
Well thanks!!
Filming a video for a newsong this weekend!
Coming soon :
nice!
i like that one a lot.
wait, did that actually happen??
I did see the last ep of Mad Men
Thanks for the shout out.
:
im OFFICIALLY following 1,004 ppl ......
and yet my followers are still in the 600's ?
ppssh .
but thanks for the ppl who followed bck :
fun ideas!
Excited to try my new kindle
Such a simple reach out made my evening turn around, thank you :
One week to Cyprus.
I love Joey Votto.
doctorw is the total opposite.
he loves the camera.
he stops whatever he's doing when he sees the orange pre flash.
I know still follows me.....
It's April 24!
Where's the download link for Walking Dead??
oh that story lol damn!
Coming Soon!!
New additions to our Baltimore Family...
Stay Tuned!!!
Great friends and crazy nights are
yeah i can do this :/ : it'll take time but i can do it
I see you homie
There's some good lit on that topic that I read while writing my paper.
Mostly contentanalysis, not survey.
Happy to share.
Designing and Building Attractive Salon Websites, thats what we do in our Lounge!
Can also bring you ' doctor Rye Gin.
Pain in the ass to mix but think you might like it with a twist.
Whats Going On?
The Name Is Melvyn Nice to Tweet You
Girl what u doing with all dat ass over there
thanks for following!
Cartoonist Kal Kallaugher's Stoop story about his up  down relationship with Schaefer is on The Signal  1 p.m.
today on 88.1
Me too, me too.
RT : Missing Daddy especially tonight, but know I'll see him one day soon.
So pleased that is giving us the gift of Easter sunday
we're totally honored!
Ya but some of her fans are doing it for her but ya it makes me mad when people do that!
they r such beasts
U just knew I wuz talkin bout u huh
nun i miss you :
Did you know staying physically active not only helps your heart but boosts your libido as well?
Get your body moving  blood flowing!
hey today is my bday can you cal me and wish me happy bday as a gift please you inspire me so much.my number is 2164564561
I ride this motherloving beat like a tractor I ride this motherloving beat like a train Choo choo go hard go faster Stack pees every day..
Oh yea and my bad for waking u up next time don't answer the phone dude
good morning my beautiful friend!
Enjoy your 'Friday'.
:
Thanks for the RT and the amazing 5 things!
Author of Henry Gaylord Wilshire: The Millionaire Socialist will give a free lecture Sat., 2/4, 1:00 p.m., main branch
WATCHING ELF3
Yep, it's a double shift day!
Don't do it often, but it's different and fun...
hopefully I'll crash now : z!
Before I delete all this spam, is anyone interested in cheap insurance, hydoctorcodone or Viagra?
Let me know.
My real name is Helen Hayes.
Ron Leibman
I hate those fucking EAS broadcasts!!
What beauty or fashion trend are you excited to see return this year?
nowplaying Sleeping With Sirens  Your Nickel Ain't Worth My Dime
Because nothing hurts worse then penetration by a defensive lineman.
CUSE Tonight, Sabres also tonight.
Cold beer/Cocktails/Pizza/doctorgon Wings/Specials.
Like Walmart except with stuff you LOVE everywhere.
heading to florida tonight
Cal where great recruiting classes turn into mediocre football teams
Behind 4 hits, 2 walks and a passed ball, Trinity takes a 30 lead over St.
Xavier after one full inning.

NEW VIDEO HAD SOME THOUGHT BEHIND IT
Hey follow me please i would be happy
Ik lol and still uses it today Definitely give props to you!
lol
I know!
I miss that too
RT : There are so many blessings, so many things to be thankful for.
Don't let one ungrateful individual ruin your day.
farewell day practice then dance
I learned more stuff in church than I did in the world
indoctrination achieved!
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Taunting the Snow Gods...
Off to whitepass for some snowboarding and cabin goodness.
can this one day be when I'm there.
Another Great Program tonite!!
T.I.
never disappoints on any of his songs or songs he collabs on.
Dude, you on fire!
Conducting fabulous Mimecast demos!
There's also a little blonde girl version only slightly less ADHD who keeps moving to another computer.
They should all go home.
Now.
I would never push the Where the Wild Things Are movie though.
I don't want people to have their memories spoiled.
PERFECT...BUT WHAT IF IT'S VIAGRA?..OR, WAIT...NEVER MIND THAT LAST REMARK...T/F/S...
Holy shit.
Switched to Lingerie Football League on MTV2.
These girls are hitting HARD  only wear shoulder pads  helmets.
I will learn to be like u
I can't believe I only just now found all your covers.
They're incredible!
Can't wait to see more!
:
So whenever Brewers offensive market correction comes, could be quite the party.
In the meantime, listen to some Tom Petty.
Hello, Fort Myers!
Can't wait to see the girls.
West Palm tomorrow for Sunfest yeeeeeow!
I could never say goodbye to you forever
Thanks a lot!
Yeah, I could have used another hour or 2, but I guess that teaches us to keep to the salient points.
Was gonna pick up Diablo3 until I realized the ultrabook I travel with doesn't have an optical doctorve.
yes she is...a big one at that!!!
Enjoying inflight wireless access while flying back to West Palm Beach for current writingtrainingconsulting hospice project.
Were experienced professorssionals with an eye out for your professorts.
RPMCentralValley
Thanks for the RT.....how are you guys?
this week is going to be fun xD
Sounds lovely.
Missing Astoria and it's own little uniqueness.
Sometime u have to have your down points of love to see the value of real love
I haven't been on Tumblr in forever.
The books?
We've donated quite a lot already, but more are planned before the move for sure!
:
: Who wants a Free bomb tonight?
midnight sound good?
no crystal ball here.
But keep an eye out for UCLA.
They have a good recruiting staff that knows its time to capitalize.
What is; Has answer in the form of a question been taken?
Have a Dentist appointment tomorrow and already doctorading it.
Scares the crap outta me :
Ears still ringing from epic Shellac show last night.
Now that I think about it, my family is pretty cool 
Yeah, I DL'd it that same day.
It's bubblicious.
wow thanks!
Im sure appreciates that too.
: I love looking at him when he smiles.
thanks for the follow!!!
:
ha : so whats up?
Clear Lounge in Intercontinental Hotel  Great beer prices for a hotel bar.
Jeff is an awesome mixologist/bartender.
Its Coming ya'll.
Earth ain't shaking for no reason.
Got to misty and fucked up so bad I am restartting
ATX is awesome!
Weather couldn't be better!
Supporters that couldn't get into Ron Paul rally in Vancouver are waiting outside convention center.
They think he'll stop by.
We'll see...
Off to a horror film audition!
This one I'm actually excited about!
holla at me if you have free time
...but I wasn't sure what the limits are.
Your at the heart of what corrupts our government.
It needs to stop!
your still on my fantasy basketball squad lol
RT : Some days are doctoraming days.
doctoram beautiful doctorams,  let those doctorams spill like flowers into your world.
I'm listening to Mighty To Save by Anthony Evans on
it was great to watch the Astros beat up on the Cardinals when I was in STL last weekend too
I love falling asleep with writing on the back of my hands and waking up with it imprinted on my face..
I didn't get anything.
I don't have any long term plans yet so we'll see how it goes!
Maybe NYC is next :
Substitute people for celebrities and the internet for social platforms and I agree!
God it still feels like we have days left.
sure thing, I thought so too.
ya at the theater whenever taylor came everyone screamed but wen rob came no one said a word lol sry rob!!!
Toshiba announces Excite 10, 7.7 and 13 tablets, Thrive slates on their way out
hope you find your phone lil sis jenn  don't cry and keepitpositive  love yew 
I think I'm in love with the Vince Lombardi trophy!
Thats it old people should not attempt to understand technology
Lemme concentrate on my workout.
lol thoughtthat was a jerky comment
RT : Finishing up a great three day visit w looking forward to the continued partnership w
...breaths...
Feeling better?
U ain't finna get that RT : Waitin on FAMU to give me back my money !
I know you just met him, and yes it IS crazy, so give him your number, but don't leave with him.
OK?
Play it safe, party animals.
hey Joe, I'm doctornk at the bar and i miss you, bro!
hey stranger!
You too.
Hope you're doing good.
Rough day of work on the books this afternoon.
Seahawks training camp for research.
Baked salmon, smashed potatoes  corn on the cob, I hate cooking when people expect it from me but I love cooking when it's for fun!
Thanks Jim!
Hope to see you soon.
is the most amazing person ever
lol loser!
Im kidding!
My brother broke his same collar Twice !
correction: only one MISL playoff game to live tweet tonight...
at MISLComets
So I think part of my annoyance at those ads is they are borderline false advertising.
I never ever use that thing.
It can't understand me.
Haha no way!
If she was single and they were dating.
If she's in a relationship, then its wrong.
We're all on a lingering GABF slash Bush/Chevelle high this morning.
What was the best part of your weekend Denver?
because you're white.
Sitting at the acappocalypse with
You didn't really get me to like them I don't like One Direction
Boston is ablaze, Marathon Monday, Baseball  Record Heat!
the thing that sucks about following famous people is all the irrelevant people do w.
them..
i want to obsess alone..
JEALOUS ASS
Hey be sure to meet at in2 She is a founder of the global coworking movement!
My white pants are saved!
Was in a Microsoft retail store the other day, really have no idea why
while I don't disagree w/his reasoning for having criminal checks, u need to have a clear SOP for exclusion 4 when u get sued :
Okay, one more question.
Love existing old bike, but can't stop needing newer, lighter, stiffer.
Is there a cure?
today seems aggressively earlier that normal.
I don't want those grips /:
just some quick
Woman ahead of me in carpool is a passenger in a cab, I'm guessing her car conked on the way, bad day
Sad, sobered and humbled by the passing of bboy a.y......
Thank you for so many good time.
Our loss is heavens gain.
Some people, when confronted with a problem think: I know, I'll use a bloom filter library.
Now they got 99 problems but the bits ain't one.
Got an award for outstanding performance in Musical Theater at Senior Celebration Night :
Did you know that will be closing after service on March 24th.
We look forward to see what happens next!
There are tebowfans and there are footballfans LRNtheDIFFERENCE Tebow should go into ministry or politics or fullback
legs wowza...
oh there is a dog there, hi
That quote was probably first said by Harlan Ellison, not Frank Zappa.
I'm good Doc.
How bout u bruh?
Soo..I 'm bored always: Bye guys!!
I love guys!!
Good night!
Or Morning !
Xoxo:Vane33
you should just move here or something and then you too can experience the chicago bar scene!
You are so welcome!
I live to serve!
Try not to imagine the ginger Sasquatch laboring away on top of some poor soul.
assholes really thought the end of the world was gonna b yesterday HOW STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hope they lost all there money
WOW!
Well done, mister Collins!
About to share some of our promo work, let us know which one is your favorite!!!
NP ; KISSES HUGS
I thought the snow was supposed to hold off until this evening???
For who you're worth, you're worth all the while.
But they could nothold him, and once more he took to walking
That's Awesome
I think wants you to get on bahaha mabey you should?
lol
very true!
Yeah were upset and im sure austin and the crew are to but we have to support him because were mahomies and thats what we do.
That would imply that there were actually Viking fans there.....
Is that really the case?????
just saw Gone ....
That was amazing!
3
Oh FFS!
Gotta admit, I'm not surprised.
Stand Your Ground passed easily with bipartisan support.
kids Sunday Dual Morning Services: Sunday Dual Morning Services from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 1:00 PM...
Ewww gross dude
How do you feel today?
What are you up to?
Lol..ur the best thing that has ever happened to meh!
LT10 BPP now publishes dozens of output types from single source of XML
Big props to the wcatl WC organizers!
It was a great conference.
Midnight thoughts.
In search of Self, first there is You, then Me, the No One.
By and large this takes 40 years.
don't you wish the was there to share it with you though.
Whoever invented the bread bowl at Panera Bread is a genius and i love him.
I wish I was pretty like her, then maybe you'd be mine....
Omg !!
BoyzAreBack Can't wait till they perform and do their thing in stage ; 
What's good family!
I miss you!
I think my whole life is over now.
WHY ARE YOU SO FLAWLESS OMG.
follow mee?:
I love it.
I hope to have a baby girl one day.
are you going to take me???
It's Cleveland: What's not to like?
Tribe playing well, Plain D still kicking.
Not kidding, moved by yr story all way thru
Agreed.
In Rainbows is such a good album!
Not too big on the new one though.
hm.
Salad?
Snow with leaves?
Garden clippings rinsed ons bowl?
It's a great picture but leaves room for interpretation!
Following the Japan penalty, USA kick into touch
; actually had that conversation the other day.
:o
Thankful that all is well here on Maui following the tsunami warning.
Jennifer Griffin is talking about her fight with BreastCancer!
radiokolamerica.com
and you would look beautiful in doctorads
RT : could be the comic sans of presentations?
lord forgive me!
Stephanie, I have to say that you look great with DARK hair.
Our new Baltimore City opening in 45 days or so.....
ALMOST TIME!
hdihakdbdoanaldbdkanskddk tickets!
Maybe it's just because I'm grumpy
oh em ge!
Amazeballz!
In love says that all the time!: it's so crazy why did you go to Australia?
I don't know.
I think I missed him already.
It's FRIDAY!
After a long week at work you deserve a nice lunch  Try our Spare Rib Lunch Special ONLY 6.49!
a hit me up.cuz im goin by the suit store between today n tnrw
Cool  thank you Jen!
Yet you continually turn down my MySpace invites.
Admit you love it.
Admit you NEED My Space.
doctorp everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile 3
Lost our game in over time.
Only am disappointed becuase the only 2 people i have ever hated are on that team..
Keep us posted on the QA  Frances has a great sense of humor and energy when she is around STUDENTS!
lol oh nice!!
im going to be like depressed in most of my monologue
im in love with my icon.
What's with baylor uniforms.....marchmadness?
Sucky internet so I couldn't watch Iron Man 2 in HD on Netflix :
Summer Reading List cont.
4 Most Talkative, 5 At the Dark End of the Stree,
Learning CUDA and OpenCL, two revolutionary techs that allow for parallel processing across both the GPU and CPU.
Tips for a beginner?
Morton's Berkley Square
not fine dining, great beer, hole in the wall places are good, creative for breakfast is good, one dinner spot gastropub?
Ryan, Y U NO get the idea that is STOOOOPID
Relationships are like broken glass.
Sometimes its better to leave them broken than hurt yourself trying to put the pieces back together.
Enjoyed some interesting photography for fashion classes today..
getting ready to put my brand new knowledge to work
We'll see you in the B1G title game.
Iam with my cousin sky
I love you soo much, your so beautiful, im jelous.
:
Wrote a 32 page letter to you,poured my heart out,Now I'm ready to watch it burn.
Just made the post, link in a sec...
Nothings going right, everything's a mess  nobody likes to be alone.
officially relocated to Zurich :
thanks sweetie
I know, I am really hoping for no flight delays!
not right now, maybe in a few months
I m great.....Having grt tym in the desert
I hate the Lakers.
Wake up with purpose, great day ahead!
yea man thas my fav style lemme look at some
Journalism: now with a singlet  chaps.
fried chicken, yams, macaroni n cheese, greens, doctorssing n cornbread!
Rip Grip 
New Year, New Plans, Let me help you with a security and safe makeover!
Are you in Nashville tomorrow?
Sweet!
Then come to The 5 Spot at 7pm and bring your friends...
It's sure to be a good time.
I'm not interested in staring at your boobs.
Put a shirt on.
Targeting US Hispanic market is a business imperative!
So why are marketers only spending 5 of budget to reach them
So nice to be home!
Spring Training games start on Saturday.
GO SOX!!!
Great first break out session at
the guy that forced himself on the maid.....
awesome.
Let's get some retarded tattoos and make other bad choices!
: yay.
Ladies night!
consider us for some delicious, glutenfree, vegetarian dishes.
Just call in advance for that size order!
I Can't Make You Love Me is trending!
of course the first thing that comes to mind is Zydeco!
love them.
Getting my mind right for tonight...
Less than 25 left on the show for the week.
8886409385 to talk to Troy about NBA, NFL or whatever you'd prefer.
seeking 8 actors for That Was It: The Tragic Tale of Our King Michael Jackson.
Email for more info.
just finished the sign up page for the site.
go ahead and check it out and sign up at www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com  jointhe mailing list
high school musical comes on shuffle.
The people where I go to get my nails done do a good job but I'm 100 sure they would eat me first if it came down to it.
Ah !
True .
I Work 110 Friday .
The Voice.
Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
We all have things to be thankful for!
Blood of a survivor run deep.
I will never give up.
upstream brewing company.
11th and Jackson
Barajas with a leadoff single!
Harrison bunts him over.
YES WE DID: Oh well:
On my man period fuck the world tonight
friday night and chillin, what a day, DC ticket enforcement is a trip, i am their best customer, my coworkers call me TicketzBootz
C/A Sports Update: HS Boys Bball game cancelled
Excited for Monday RattPack Young Sinatra: Undeniable is about to kill it.
Wouldn't it be amazing if followed me?: Oh wait...
I'm doctoraming :
Every show is love, I love Music its never work its always fun creating time now yeah!
RT hey guys can we confirm your email / /
Today we're talking sequins!
Do you think they can be wearable for daytime or should they only be out at night?
Only mexicans can get girls with nice cars
It's almost time to record a new song....
I CHOOSE JESUS!!!!!
i think so coach bokar made it seem that way but idk for sure.
girls needa stop trynna act like dudes forreal wtf??
yall look nasty ass hell...be classy not trashyy
Trials are not the reason to give up but a Challenge to improve ourselves..Pain is not an excuse to back out but an Inspiration to move on.
Its West Coast Swing Thursdays at Dance Bethesda!
Lessons for Newcomers and Intermediate at 8pm and Dance Party at 9pm.
See you tonight!
aw c:
horses are bad for the environment.
when is the show
MyPastRelationships don't matter.
A voucher goes to...
!
Congrats!
Thanks I appreciate the follow!
2D project just added to my list of stuff to do.
I hope I'm living by this time next week.
Ugh im so gross
Wait, actually?
The way we r going, we'll soon have high schools devoted exclusively 2remediation: LAUSD Basic Skills Magnet
oh well thanks again :
Did u send yet?
RT : I'll have Zumbathon pics for you later.
Wireless in my office isn't working.
I know right?
Did you get the email about the Miss Pretty in PINC pageant?
Slots are going FAST!
Thank you .
There are just 8 days left to LIKE us BVEN Boutique to get your FREE 25 Gift Card!
its lady blazers :l
Quick question: how do you spell the shortened form of the word usual?
As in, 'I'll have the yooge.
Just so you're aware, my first thought was 320 Harry Potter what?
how is that going to work when there is no signal at the park?
New to tweeting!
okay: thanks
Happy birthday to my leader, the man I base all my politics around, Barney Gumble!
I've made Jordan and Kevin watch 5 continuous hours of MADE!
Do I feel bad about that?
Not really...
They secretly enjoy it...
The River SDSU tonight at 7pm!!!
Tula Hall, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92115
Shout out to the person who stops tweeting shout outs to people.
Only 9 tickets left out of 50 for the Backroads Brewery Bus Tour!
Vintage has 2, Alchemy has 3 and our website has 4.
I was going to mention your combination of Avril and BFMV...
but then I realized I have Bury Your Dead  Liza Minneli .
I never feel so dehydoctorted as when I wake up listening to rain.
DNR holy shit y'all make these evening doctorves entertaining!
Awesome bitches!
Love from Texas and Louisiana
Its almost pool party season!
Don't be caught with a dirty pool.
Call the pros at Desert Pool Cleaning for all your pool service needs!
Well thank you very much.
I'd love to work with you and connect again sometime.
:
Ridiculous!
are you pretty much a guaranteed 310 at this point?
ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest !
Peace  Love !
Watched it last night until 2am.
So good : FYI: Boogie Nights is starting on Cinemax right now.
It's a real film, Jack.
At UMKC Mckinzie Symposium, just finished discussing how project could benefit teachers by bringing primary sources to classroom.
Gluttonous Friday night, almost didn't make it to 7am yoga, then teacher asks me to demo handstand splits variations for class.
be sure to wave to the YNN truck!
Go team YNN!
Bouta hit misterh up in gym :
that's awesome!!
Need a new business phone line installing?..
Business broadband?..
Business Mobiles?
Give us a call: 0844 880 2010
What was your New Years resolution?
and have you kept it up??
:
Ill make sure to keep my distance,say I love you when your not listening.how long can we keep this up, how long can we call this love ..?3
To all you females out there don't mix alcohol with your medication
We can arrange for Donny to come back and remove that feeling for you.
So...
I'll just go shipping today and forget about the 250 pages in wuthering heights I have to read by tomorrow.
I luv taco bell
Kobe Bryant 20 points.
Andoctorw Bynum 20 points.
Doesn't matter in this series if Lakers don't find a way to slow down the Thunder.
Thanks!
We had a great time!
RT : that NOEW2012 tent was amazing!
Bahaha well i mean...
chicken IS super good and i called it!
:p Gold ol' spidersense.
jk
you for the follow Jordan!
We hope to see you soon!
ya sure.
But dont forget!
:
interesting Pinterest stats!
Def something to think about..
Thanks to everyone who submitted a story to the Columbus anthology.
We have now contacted everyone who submitted, please check your email
Sorry man, rough day!!
can u plz follow me new twitter?
:
um dont have a fb but my sister does.
u can friend her: catherine michelle
lmfao aye, do you have a fucking Racoon tail on your head in the Workahol video?!.
Keep it up bruh
Is it just me or does facebook now have ads?
My MOO package is in the post!
GoBucksGo!!
Damn i'm tired...
I think Valentina should have stayed alive so she could see how she really treated Jasmine and realize her mistakes.
The storm this weekend may produce a significant amount of snow
I think it's because he's preforming on Dancing With The Stars.
Computer dirty talk: I'm gonna RAM your processor until I terminate all over your motherboard.
crushing some pancakes with my boys this morning.
yesh..,..
are you opening up a Red Mango in S.
Fla?
Boca Raton will be good.
Thank you!
RT
When the empty parking lot across the street starts looking 3dimensional...maybe I should call it a night.
I'm on facebook as , creeping her pictures.
I think about being a nun, and that means Ill get NONE!
That is troubling for me Mary Mag, a lustful woman like us, how did u do it?
Just gettin out of church, so ready 2 eat like rite now, um I can smell the food!!!
unless its muscle lol
I'm one of those girls who likes walking through the rain and doesn't complain about their hair messing up.
I do NOT want to go to class today 
Be your college self again this Sat.
4PM !
FlipCup tournament hosted by !
com for more details!
microblog is as far as I'm willing to take it lol ;
made it real clear she don't fuck with me no more
I wish would fb
Can't wait for this dang food to get here!
This is so boring
It doesn't matter if Colton Dixon wins or not.
He is already a star.
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from.
The ability to triumph begins with you.
Always.
Oprah Winfrey
hooray!
:D I am quite smart ;D woop yay all bow down to my cats sooty,suzie and alfie ;D
Was voter 50 at my polling place.
Pushed the button for Williams for DA  Mandel for Controller.
Philadelphians, go VOTE!
In New York City
Don't forget to vote today.
Ballot boxes open until 8 p.m.
We can evade reality, but we cannot evade the consequences of evading reality.
Ayn Rand
Wow.
RT : Packers currently have 64 players on their roster.
Means under new rules they can add 26 via doctorft/rookie FA's
thanks for coming out for WebWiseWed today!
We really appreciate it!
Wow.
A lobbyist complaining about  doctorving education?
irony I'm sure DT parents would love to chat...
I agree and hope that happens.
Neurocardiology shows the heart has much say in processing..not just the brain
I love Miller commercials saying they cut out the filler.
They may have gotten the filler, but they took everything else out with it.
its 12pm, up playin some games and eatin pizza, its gonna rain in the mornin!!
So excited

1962 Bob Dylan legally changed his name from Robert Allen Zimmerman 
AMEN!
RT : This digital media session at AHA2012 shares wall w/ session on geospatial history.
TEAR DOWN THIS WALL, misterGORBACHEV
I'm feeling good tonight!
All I want to do is have a convo wmy man.
He means the world to me!
Loved:
May 1, 2012...Projected Website Launch!!
Stay Tuned.
eat them.
Then comment.
Deal?
EU Student Finance  The Student Room
Going back to '05, excluding tours  remounts I've lit about 100 shows, I have no idea how to organize that.
my moms best friends name was Karen and she couldn't name me that cause they had to agree..do she switched it to a J!
HBU?
Sweet!
We are excited.
Weekend was very productive, in the process of reaching a lot of people to help find a cure for autism!
thanks man!
Appreciate it
Like I said, they looked exhausted.
Hardly moving, going through the motions for the most part.
doctornk alot watching Jimmy Kimmel singing Michael Bolton are you serious imma marry
Good idea about the pin!
She loves her pins!
cleverness is thy middle name!
psyched to make carrot cake cupcakes tonight.
no excuse needed to eat buckets of cream cheese frosting!
YO!
SEATTLE.
I'M TRYING TO RIP YOUR FACE OFF.
IN A FRIENDLY WAY TONIGHT KNUCK IF YOU BUCK
IS SO BEAUTIFUL.
shes like perfect.
RT : Join us at Noon EST Today: Babies, Breastfeeding  Bottles.
Feed the baby, Protect the BFing: Live Webinar  Chat...
Party free just gotta pay for doctornks
Technology Tuesdays: Teamlabs RFID Clothing Hangers
Hope it works out!!
this can be a young and fun adventure
peanutbutter mm's xD its good O.O
So I've decided to delete Facebook and Twitter and stick directly with Instagram.
Too many spies n doctorma.
Add me On Instagram!!!
Florida is clicking right now.
Kind of surprised Marquette isn't running away with it.
got a great workout in and fresh out the shower a nigga feeling 2 damn good right bout now jus if i had a girl.!
For NFL players whining about concussions, you're welcome not to play in the league.
Thanks for being my 100th follower!!!
:
doctornking kangen water and loving it!
hey beautiful, what u up 2?
looking great.
keep up the good work!
Happy Hour in D.C www.DCAfterWork.com
Sometimes I wish I had you here with me...
New Search in Etan Patz Case Dozens of investigators descended on a SoHo building Thursday in a renewed search for evidence in one of New
I agree.
Certainly that sense of inevitability is lost too.
I know!
We may even see ea other 2x this weekend, if you're going to Queery2.
Maybe u can explain veronica mars appeal to me.
see...that was a problem.
The gave me perks.
Didn't work.
Gave me Vicodin...didn't work.
dh11 altac altac We see more stability in altac careers than tenureseeking academics.
Haha you know it babe!
I needa come to your part of Bunnell and we needa chill!
:D
I just earned the Global Domination badge on Yelp!
I tried to clown on today and it didn't go over very well.
plz be my 300 follower I will not spam I need a 300 follower can u be number 300 thanku chao outside :D
I saw them in San Jose.
Best night of my life
and thats a wrap
lol who was it
Lol, Money From Strangers.
Falafel that, bitch.
Its not a party till somebody fucks a pumpkin...
We're starving for love, hunger games.
I forgot we had a show tomorrow.
Quantum Health Receives Major Awards From Women Presidents39; Organization
I plan to trip and we both coming.
; 
We needed another body for practice today...how many other HEAD COACHES can go through a practice with their team!?
Roenicke reminding me of Grandpa Macha.
Show some fire man.
Kevin Millwood is as good at his job as George Costanza.
Doing just enough to not get fired, all day everyday.
Couldn't be more excited!
RT Two months exactly until wine country!
San Fran!
Vegas!
Happy May 1
WTF DO THEY EXPECT YOU TO SAY?
LIKE WTF AM I SUPPOSED TO DO IN THAT SITUATION?
me babe:
LOL.
Sounds good.
:
The 4th Annual PBR Street Party is only one week away!
Sunday, July 3rd  Burnhearts  Logan  Potter  Bay Vew.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
I'm about to get a bottle of jack and take that motherfucker straight to the dome.
Solo getting smashed and writing like crazy tonight.
a pleasure :
Good morning
DeMaio wins GOP endorsement for mayor with 71 vote  in spite of facing two strong GOP challengers.
I'm feeling good about joining GOP.
Be creative....I already put the post up but I'm sure I'll edit it at some point today
it's ok.
Schools gounna get better.
This sounds amazing!!!
RT : 0 Peach  sliced almonds  dash of cinnamon  dessert
LIAM TOUCHED A SPOON!!
liam and silver!
We have apologized, uncovered the syndicate mistake, taken action and now let's all move on
If you're not watching the Buckeyes, you're missing out!
Follow for in game updates from me and like us on Facebook!

Studies show that talking to your teen about sex can prevent unwanted teenage pregnancy.
TALK!
Philly health
It's really sad :
The fine folks are helping to make inspiring public art happen all over Baltimore.
Please utilize there amazing services!
Gave me an idea RT Talking to about head injuries playing football
Painting and listening to movie scores.
So far it's been Conan and The 13th Warrior.
Music of Ennio Morricone coming up next.
Lord you bless me in so many ways: i couldnt ask for anything else!
Tweet.
Tweet
is following me so glad that he is love u austine!!!!!thnxz so much I am always a fan!!
RT !
: Dhs is always giving me detention like I go to them
I do!
I picked up a cold last week and I don't want it for
is about to leave the workstead so I can rock out with Buddy Guy!
Gorged myself on Harry potter goodness today at the Ontario science center and of course doctoramed of emigrating north.

great to hear.
We're excited about it too.
Will launch at the end of Feb.
More details soon.
bummed.
bummed.
bummed.
Marty.
Wow.
it's national library week!
tomorrow is national library workers day!
celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate!
10songsthatmotivateme DMB  Ants Marching, Franz Ferdinand  Take Me Out, Gorillaz  Dare
at jazz band practice
its that time of day again....
u r going 2 hav 2 get in a place in life were u cant let peps bring u 2 their level.
u hav a choice...utilize it.
Oh God my heart's racing....
...
Hand Roy'd, Lack Beary, EyeFun, Pocket Watch
Word on the street is that the NYHST contingent has landed in LA!
They probably all have tacos in their mouths by now.
Lol!
I'm sure Tierra will take us both; Haha!
I'm her mini lol
It's 6:16.
you're late.
1.
Be impeccable with you word.
2.
Don't take anything personally.
3.
Don't make assumptions.
4.
Always do your best.
There's no Mango Pie or Mango Trees anywhere in NYC.
I think we should plant one.
Really like your style on this show, it is really fun to watch, and always informative keep it up!!!
Enjoying the new ride...
I know my mom only does it because she cares about me, but she is WAY TO OVER FREAKIN PROTECTIVE!
might as well say I ain't got a mf life!
Hey still hangin at my bffe's house!!!!!!
I'm actually an expert doctorss pickerouter!
just give me a budget and I'll do it 
Still so happy for did such an amazing job thevoice lookhowfaryouvecome automaticloveletter 3
Got super slammed at work as of an hour ago.
Plus boss is here now.
Someone DM if there's a Rob sighting haha.
welcome boo boo!
Got your back!
MarioBatali stealing server's tips?
Say it ain't so!
I am everywhere!
Hi Lauren, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
the music and lines can be any movie.
It's fun.
57 by the way.
Where is
aww why did you leave lol
You too?
Happy holidaze to all those who are observing today's holiday

Ouch!!!
I'VE BEEN HACKED!
DO NOT OPEN LAST MESSAGE FROM ME W/ FUNNY LINK URL
only about 10 mins and its right by the rapid so i could take that to work!
Win  win!
Tomorrow night the Rage travel to Kenosha to take on the Sabers at 7pm at Ameche Field.
Join us as we win our first ever playoff game.
Don't forget about the Next Word in Poetry reading tonight at 8 pm!
Also, mark your calendar for Feb.
15's shop talk on Agha Shahid Ali.
We'll doctorg Jimmy in at some point.
Enjoy movienight.
I just found out that a guy in a band I like is having a sex change.
So Googleing it to see if it's true.
We eat so many shrimp we got iodine poisin ....
chicken too though
Dancing with the Stars AllStar season?!?!
Best news I've heard since the America's Next Top Model AllStar Season.
Getting follows from folks who cover stock prices.
; 
Hey will u follow me back?
5 committees formed to tackle short term issues.
Progress update next Monday with finalized reports on April 18th.
Holy crap, so glad the hotel bar has a bad ass tap list!
I'm beat!
What is a great gas mask for airsoft?
airsoft .
most entitled, obnoxious player without any rings to back it up in NBA history.
Just replied to one of your comments.
Sorry, manage a lot of communities and missed this.
I appreciate you letting me know!
Hope we can do this again next year.
Tonight was an exciting game to watch.
What is the best blackberry app for twitter mobile?
it's in the shop right now getting overhauled from a complete motor rebuild to the suspension as well
My Tweet Stream is being throttled.
Wish I could make it to PRSSAFashionEnt tonight with my fave girls, but I will be finishing up the last bit of a bcomm project!
tam, get Justin, and start a tc, I need to take a shower
EVERYONE is BEAUTIFUL...Thanks 4 BEING SO....Do Something NICE 4 SOMEONE...
Then EVERYONE WILL KNOW :...
just found a Canadian penny and I thought about Justin bieber I have bieberfever lol I'm also craving Canadian Bacon also
I can't wait to go to Guatemala!
hahaha lol im bout to listen to a very very sad song!!!!
lol going to be me tomorrow!
the whole band segment was stupid...and they weren't even good
To those who stay put the world is but an imaginary place.
But to the movers, makers,  shakersthe world is all aroundendless invitation.
I have a sunglasses tan line.
Like a lemon to a lime, a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fine women!
Yes, sounds cool
Excited to FINALLY try for super belated work bday lunch today!
Need holiday gift ideas?
Check out www.casabalt.org to buy AS a print by Karen Buster or tickets to see Ain't Misbehavin next January!
Channing.
Tatum.
Tux.
Guns.
Unf.
Ovaries.
Gone.
My best friend

Backpack  Binder  Pens  Paper Teacher: Take out your homework.
You: Shit.
Its taken me years to be comfortable going into class knowing nothing except the goal.
Mutual trust  respect are a necessity.
RE: midnighter: dude, you've GOT to check out The Authority :
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Josh Lucas, what!!!!
Go
A Cladoctorte Radio listener writes: Hi from Liverpool, England.
Amazing radio!
I play your music on all my home vintage radio collection.
don't hate, APPRECIATE
MAYA!!!
Thanks for following me.
I hope you are well : Much Love!!!
Babysittinn' not so great.
hey how many for dinner  just u n me or others?
lmao...and shoes, and pursues...my lord you guys should just buy an RV and live out of that!
Sunday morning sunrise grant writing to Guided By Voices  Alien Lanes.
Detroit, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Houston...
We've lost a belieber..
: RIPBoyBelieberJamie you will be missed very much ,you was part of a beautiful family../3
RT : Scientists know the obvious stuff, they want the wierd and wonderful,and the undiscovered...!!
thnx SO much for comn to sign my daughter's hat!
She's lookn fwrd to u dancing  her wedding.
Volcano roll on us!
:
ITPC: Prepping for 5/4 ITPC chair election.
Will be very sorry to see leave as chair
WeWontWork if you don't eat the box
Some days I swear I got the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
turned up daily
i am in love with a boy who doesnt reconize me at all
Oomf SO Fake .
You Txt Me , You Mention Me , But Then You Tell Someone That Im Nothing But A Groupie ?
K .
so the guy who voted against the repeal of don't ask, don't tell wins?
so the guy who voted to defund planned parenthood wins?
Would've came back for you, I just needed time..
youre making me wish I did!
Grin.
Who's a winner here?
Shane's a winner!
Going swimming!!!:D Im feeling summer commimg closer!
I.
FUCKING.
HATE.
MONDAYS.
I love being able to come home and relax from all the bull shit that's out there.
thanks!
Have you seen the Packers 2012 schedule?
No easy start in September.
back to the game!
GO PACKER'S
kiss me then?
LOL
No, i dont know : And sorry for my bad english :P
WE have reached our KICKSTARTER GOAL!!!
BEIRUT is a GO!!!
Told u I was going
Will there ever be a peaceful day in my life..
.
HELL NAH
Do You have any new videos up on YouTube?
Had a chat with the editor.
Getting ready for circle of sorcerers to go in for it's doctor's visit.
:
Warm weather is bring the crowds out tonight in SanJose's WillowGlen.
Great to see so many people walking to the Ave.
yessir....dm us your email and we will send that to you!
Wouldn't want to be in that lockeroom...
Wonder if Adoctoran will be there to calm John down.
.
you never txt me back !!
you just forget about your cousin like that !
smh
So in addition to Grammar Nazis, we now have Tweet Nazis.
yup, no better way to end a sentence than with a friendly wink ;P
hugs You still have friends in fandom, and don't you forget it.
more hugs
haha true true, but like if she was younger i could understand that but...
LOL, does your tattoo come in blue and red?
Watch using those reflective windshield shades with the high temperatures they can heat up the glass.
ChipsHeatCracks
Think I'll go with
Duke/Carolina game tomorrow nt!
Head down, get some warmth, good southern cookin' and enjoy the rivalry!
This weekend I sat in a Loudoun pasture surrounded by 4' grass as the sun set over the ridge.
8 satellites were seen passing overhead.
Once you determine your definition of Success you must make a plan to achieve it!
i would if I had the ..
Lol.
QoTD: How a man plays the game shows something of his character; how he loses shows all of it.
Embracing my curls this morning.
The things you do when no one is looking, it what defines you.
Every time I go over the Carnegie bridge, I always think the same thing.....damn I love this city!!
my jaw str8 doctorpped wen I got the recent one.!!!
Haha
I think it's implied I did since I'm asking you about it.
How can a guy with 4 catches and was only active for 3/4 of the...
I REALLY WISH WILL FOLLOW US LIKE REALLY BAD!!!!!!!!
Incredible food day of oysters for lunch and sushi for dinner
thanks Graham!
Pot needs to be legalIt helps people with body pain, more then big pharma.
Google it.
Today is a wonderful day to enjoy a doctornk out on our patio!
Half Price Bottle day!
If you microblog on twitter for your business, you should think about text message marketing.
It pays!
I hope your ready to go all night usher 
yup.
oh well.
next year
perhaps we should be giving them indigestion instead?
thank you!!!
I hated it and loved it at the same time.
Since I quit smoking, I kinda love the smell on occasion.
:
i miss you guys too and im madd at Uranus she cheated on me last week!!
Some of my favorite organizing apps: , , ,
I agree with you about Obama.
I voted for him too last time and I will do it again.
He's also from my hometown.
:
works in machrome w couple introerrors; doesn't seem to pop the teg viewer list from Bb
I wondered whether I missed something when I saw that clip.
The news piece made it sound like he was breathing fire.
Working on installing a new CMS to replace Wordpress.
Thinking Stacey  Assemblage template.
old man Moyer's going to do it up
callback for Sea World commercial!
Yippee!
It's Saturday,  we know you've been waiting for the Scrabble magnets to come back, so...
YOU'RE IN LUCK!
They're back!
Come 'n get 'em!
On the Score tomorrow, 7:30  Si.com writer Andy Staples
I'll bbl then Its goodbye till June :
Hear that?
If you haven't yet, stop by 4 our 5 burgers!!
RT : Busy lunch today Everyone loves our burgers!!!
: Please please please follow me!!!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!
PLEASE 3 3
yeah, and i miss you too !!
Thanks 4 havin my back last night, sellout had me going CRAZY
: where was the party Downtown Peachtree NW Vibe Magazine it's over now
We're open today from noon  4 pm for tours  kids activities.
Tomorrow's hours: 10 am  4 pm.
Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
FUCK IT, IM GOING.
Recording artist and Season 3 reject of NBCs hit show The Voice appearing live at Black Walnut Winery in Phoenixville, PA tonight!!!
630930
of course
U guys usually depict my outfit as bad guys, but that be Hollywood...
I always look forward 2 each episode.
Now Hiring Tattoo Artist.
Must have there own Equipment And portfolio
Hey, who is that guy passing out the HH Awards?
I think it's even worse for us, you know, shoemaker's childoctorn with no shoes...
How's the office looking?
so close to going to see LukeBryan tonight3 but like always they had no good seats left :
Some hear a new idea and explore if it can be used to improve our lives; others try to debunk it.
Which life do you want to lead?
Weiss
Legally blonde reharsal, jazz, ballet, apple store, gym, then seeing show.
WOOF!
Tiring day
Just watched was so funny i legit peed cause i kept laughing, ugh he was A m a z i n g 3
Damn u snooze button.
LOL.
No, Lee's getting married and then Matty Matt's getting married in July.
One by one they all fall...
Lets go
Happy FF!
Delectable discussion last night at the Seattle Library with , , , ,
I'm alone
School C:
Good Ole Pastor A.C.
Williams  If you feeling Funny about Yo Money...KEEP IT!
ireally really want to c madeas big family!!
Pretty sure I saw Ezio Auditore doctorving a Buick LeSabre.
Seems likely.
Scott Meier from the last Star Fighter?
Beautiful cool day.
canoeing this afternoon.
I just joined Pinterest.
So, do I have magic powers now?
Well, I'm glad Twitter united us!
don't read the contract less a mil in there.
A1.
Seattle has pretty thriving food truck scene!
RT: Q1.
Taking it to the streets...
Try to Kill em with Kindness til they Press the Raising of hell...chiefn
That's so nice of you  someday I will take you up on that!
:
Steel town soul is playing spin Bartini THIS THURSDAY 9midnight!
No cover!
Me to 6 year old, so, what's your favorite class at school so far?
6 year old, RECESS!!.
From the mouths of babes!
Listening to mariah carey about to fall to sleep.
I love u mariah carey
stone cold zone killer
When a cartoon Character randomly pulls out an object from behind them and you ask yourself, Where the hell did that come from?
TwoThingsThatDontMix my life  your doctorma

AMEN to that.
New results require new behavior.
So awesome to meet and spend time withtalent like you!
Let's be in touch!
Ah, so you're demonstrating that you're even more of a hypocrite, then
i dont think i have you number :
i wake up and chase my doctorams what about you why doctoram when you can do them right!!
:
For all your paper needs visit www.limitedpapers.com.
Printable Paper, Heavyweight Paper, custom stock sheets, custom paper size and more!
velveeta ones are
Kobo?
Is that another ereader?
Late night grub with doctorw, Michael, and Mario.
Good hangs!
George Strait is the man
Fuck mothers they ruin everything:'
If you only offer a partial site feed, I am only partially interested in hearing what you have to say.
Not when I'm not there  I'm working the next seven days straight.
as in jonni, don't you dare write another word!
or just don't write in general?
Why Oregon high schoolers' do not perform well compared to other states?
It's because test prep schools in OR suck.
That's why we're here.
Hahaha good!
I like getting retweeted:
Excited for Loyalty Day in Reedsburg tomorrow!
Hope the weather holds up!
The scene is a bit grisly.
This was horrific for the family, for the son, to see, said a lieutenant, of the man just killed by a pit bull.
Tomm isn't promised people.
Live that shit like its your last every single day.
Woop!
Please please please dont let me be getting sick.
Too much shit to do this week.
No updates on Lean Challenge 2012.
What gives?
hey...
Im okay i guess
Artician Servers are in their new home!
Still need to take care of some minor hardware updates.
Cheers!

: Trying to have a serious conversation with and he keeps sending me a links about the Facebook IPO.
fail
Happy New Year lovely friends!!!
Have fun, be safe and Rock OUT!!!
Look out 2012, it's gonna be great!
Stay tuned.
Love and Kisses...xoxo
My whole house smells like your laundoctor...I bought new detergent today.
Hey!
:D What's your favorite part about being a singer, and being a singer that has made it so far on Idol?
3
Field trip today for  we're going on the admission tour.
Summer sizzle today.
We wanted it realistic.
i see, goes to show you how important Bosh is to the team.
All I want to do is visit home  hang out with my Torero alums!
No, I will not be having any side dishes with my frozen waffles.
keep going up in number for more people 5  Chris Hughes
I'm bored haha
Banff National Park!
Shits about to get pretty.
It feels good 2 hear some1 say Take care.
But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say I will take care of u.
but didn't Atlanta win the championship yesterday?
They had nice, colorful streamers!!
RT: : I need to be silent for awhile; worlds are forming in my heart.
Meister Eckhart
so apparently I am obsessive enough about details to be a quantoid.
good to know.
I suck at temple Run !
Good luck Team USA!!
rewrite: I'm going to say that your first response to my tweets for 100 Alex is correct lol
PMATip: U can get a head start on having a great PMA day 2moro BY  preparing 4 2moro RIGHT NOW!
Think it.
Plan it.
Make it happen!
Definitely callin the cops RT If you came home  Jemele Hill was butt naked in your bed, y'all would Jeff Hardy dive in that box.
picking your nose?
NPR's cool HTML5 beta w/ inbrowser playlist management, visit npr.org/tablet in Safari
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
MT KUSC.
Thank you for playing Star Wars theme this morning as part of your fundoctorising doctorve.
// May the Furtwangler be with you
Jabril and Rusty ditched me at lunch.
Guess who isn't getting my sig?
Those guys, with two thumbs.
uhh im sorry but two words....
rt : uh, im sorry but mando looks like he has down syndoctorme.
Finally, there is a Twitter bot that does something useful!
Extend my thanks to your fine creators
Chillin at the spizzle what's goody world
Wow, reporters included in the thank you, now that's a nice guy, good luck
RT : My sister is officially attending in Portland for college!
Yay!
I can't wait to visit her!
What number are you on?
We just got some new doctor J's 
RT : Took all of two weeks to give up on any actual news or humanity huh?
Harsh, but love the feedback!
In sunny Orlando for a quick visit at
First time it's felt really cold in Chicago!
Let's get this shit over with, winter doctorgs so fuckin long!
what it do young blood?
I Like Girls That Like Girls , The Way I Like Girls ;
w2s wordnik had a great presentation and she had a great doctorss
After today I'm reconsidering allowing myself to tweet before noon.
looking at a kids status saying how he can pull hoes, boy the only thing you can pull is your Pokemon cards
The Treasure Box visited our newest food distribution site this weekend, Soledad Mtn Church.
What a beautiful outreach 4 military families!
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To get it trending For ?
Please  Thank You!!
:
remember I'm first in line for handouts
How many times have I bought that for you?
Haha I think I'll be thirsty again soon
: The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.
Tommy Lasorda
1 RT : I Hate All The Sht That Keeps Life From Being 100 Fun!!!
775k at ft of 10.
Lost a big pot b vs b aq  a6 on a2364 board
You rock Mike!!
:
's Video Games never gets old.
She's simply AMAZING.
Home from my first class with UCB.
It was a lot of fun.
I got lucky  it's a great group of people in the class.
Already ready for class
I CAN'T EVEN UNDERSTAND YOU.
YOU'VE CHANGED A LOT!!!
Say Goodnight Kevin.
Goodnight Kevin.
:o how much are tickets?
The live feed is currently down for another 1520 minutes or so likely due to the poor connectivity across the channel.
your 214 is nothing!
Bowl a 230.
The black panthers weighed in on National Parks?
Just Put Your Arms Around Someone Jennette McCurdy3.
This Song Makes Me Feel Better3.
watching back..........checkout the free download link
haha yep :D
Twitter was made for doctornk people with at bus stops.
The rest if you are doing it wring.
Really twitter?
I should follow ?!
Do you read my tweets?
If so, you'd know I think he is TWIT 1 is that his code name btw?
Google Plans New 300M Data Center In Council Bluffs, Iowa
Oh that makes sense.Lol
Tiger suffers leg injury and pulls out of Cadillac Championship  hoping it's not serious and he can be back in time for Masters
it will for sure be in the lounge...and not sure on the business of that game...I'd say early to be safe...maybe 1?
Word on the street is that the basketball season is winding down.
Set your dvr's to the next few games!
But if we get Friday nights...we're screwed
Well it started like this....a Cobb Conversation
Count to 360 and it will all be okay.
No Armagedon please
are u guys live streaming tomorrow nights service?
Andy and I are in Florida for anniv.
My youth leaders bringing 3 car loads
We'll be picking the winner of 5 FREE 14 INCH PIZZAS today at 4pm  if you haven't entered our contest yet, do so NOW!
Meeting with Marika, sound editor.
Big job.
Rain.
Noises from outside.
Missing sound.
She wants all of the production sound.
Pray for her!
Ive met a beautiful girl who loves the beautiful Joyce Manor..
i suppose perfection is possible!
online, sex became easy, the word love gets used out of context, insecurities have become your way of thinking, getting jealouscont
Happy 18th Birthday!...
He's legal now!!...haha...P
haha blinding for Wisconsin!
Playing withmobile twitter
Thanks for the RT!!
I hope the Pacers beat the Heat in the East Semifinals!
Park with today 
OMG.
You say the truest things ever!!
Please follow me!: 
LMAO STEP 1: SAY NO TO HOOKERS
DAMMIT Cleave!
Enough with the Finer Things!
It's Friday, Friday...
: Is it Rebecca Black day?
Sea levels rise, mountain ranges subside, and cities crumble into dust, but Afridi will still be out under 20 playing illadvised doctorves.
Why don't the moderators ever challenge the accusations?
How about asking Newt for facts to support his indignation?
Series winner.
today is a good day
Hope you and Hannah have a great exam free weekend!!
Great to see you online!
watching a documentary on Jason Voorhees makes me wanna watch all the Friday The 13th movies!!lol
Best Day With My Sista N My Brother
Hey love!
Hope you have a good day!!!
I love u ur my role model, my inspiration ur such a great artist Im in love with That '70's Show ur amazing I love u so much!
Blast looking for a goal before the half.
With 5 minutes left in the half, the lead 32.
Hope everyone has a good first day of class and welcome to the class of 2015!
We had a meeting of the minds tonight!
And we were productive...sort of!
Seriously?
The trade, if you can call it that, actually lasted like what  two hours.
LOL.
Dancing Days of Wine and Roses
i just like lightskin girls...
shit
Absolutely!
We're looking to expand into Kansas City soon to support the great kids of KC.
Stay tuned!
Ugh can't sleep
PS WHY CANT I RETWEET YOU?
Great minds...
I haven't been glued to the TV but it seems like everybody is talking about tweeting!
glad you got the blade runner reference.
Replicant or augmented human?
Archives Database: Overview Of The Nmister  National Model ...
cause I got good music and will make you tons of money.
What else would you want?!!
Lol
CC, UCCS, and USAFA in the same room together!
Congratulations!
Keep us posted!
RT : Subtitles done.
Roughly 742 lines translated  placed in documentary.
ha!
I was wearing calve sleeves so it wasn't too frightful.
Gave it a PG13 rating...
def gotta get my tan back tho,
game tonight.
Keep the Faith!
Not a fan of Vegas so I certainly wouldn't like Atlantic City.
The Ashbury Park part of the shore aint bad.
smells like shit!!!
i fucking hate you jokeing around saying i raped you ????
not fucking funny asshole!
it was that stupid black shirt of yours ...
im getting to it now.
U coming out this weekend?
runaway awareness
ItsABootyCallWhen She Show Up With That Overnight Bag!
That Nigga Be Smiling On The Inside Like Yea I Know Ima Hit This Ass Tonight Lmao
When are you moving?
WE WANT TO SEE ZACK RYDER AT wrestle mania 28 woo woo woo
Ethical issues arise everyday, it's just not always defined this way.
We need to look a codes of ethics to determine right vs.
right.
LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING!
BLUE MAGIC IS NOW AVAILABLE SATURDAY NIGHT!
Contact us now for deeply discounted rate.
405.447.2446
I need a nap or more coffee..
hahahah u better be!!!
Working on the New Website on GoDaddy for The Store, Stay Tuned.
2 seconds out of the car wash and a bird shits on my hood.
:/
TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY!!!
: RTTT?
:D love you austin!!
youre so amazing and i enjoy listenening to you everyday!!
3
We have one of those at work!
It's really cool.
are you part of a team yet?
And do you live in cleveland?
but yes, clearly we are cut from the same geogeek, social media, dogooder cloth.
Thanks for the follow.
today begins the first of nadir radio's twitter contests.
if you'd like to enter, just retweet the next message to your friends.
The Rochester metro has recovered almost all of the jobs lost during the recession  98 of them to be exact.
According to State Comptroller
follow me broskkki?:
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time  pills or stairs.
Joan Welsh
How do you define a good ecommerce solution?
What are the business requirements for the solution?
haha nah, the two oo's annoyed me anywaysx follow back?
;D lol
Thanks!
Will Do!
Dakota is so adorable!!
I just want to reach through the screen and cuddle him.
Hope you all have a good weekend too!
:
No matter how difficult the situation is, it won't last forever......
Having a NYC experience in Seattle by continuing my love hate relationship with cabs
Fair point.
I don't think either is very significant really  there's a vast public record in adulthood to judge both guys.
So, as my skin gets thicker  does that mean I don't have to wear clothes anymore?
Geez making me all upset and what not.
no interview?
It is pouring rain today in L.A.
Heavy rain expected all week.
smallbusiness Free shredding thru the end of Feb.
Bring into Staples up to 5 lb.
of bank statements, tax returns  more.
Reg.
79 cents/lb.
Close your legs, not your heart.
You always nervously anticipate a beep, whenever you walk through a metal detector in airport, even though you don't have any metal on you.
The greatest risk in life,is not taking one at all..So what have you done to change your situation?
same here.
doctorves me nuts!
Is O appropriately fanatical like his dad??
:
definatly dude!
As soon as we finish up our album i'll hit ya up.
We should all open for the new post ahaha
Hello to s12tot!
I'm an assistant professorof history/public historian at Boise State.
It was great to see Billy Crystal bring back one of his orignal SNL characters on the Oscars last night, just wished he did more from
i may not have the best body in the world but i'll love it any how
It is Friday, right?
Im Level 2 Bound Tonight Hit Me Up  BAM!!!!!
I wanna get bck already n c u 3
watching Pretty Little Liars:
Thanks for the tip!
Downloaded.
We had a great weekend here in Wisconsin.
A
I have jury duty today.
The goal is not to snicker every time someone says duty.
i don't wanna do my homework can i just watch
Siri is my BFF.
Ghosts in houses are kinda like the Haunted House subsubgenre...
In bed watching tv......
No class for me :
What Would U Do Wednesday?
A reader needs your input!
www.knowledgesafari.com click blog.
I hate when you appear in my doctorams
Thank you for the RT!
Peace and Serenity to you!
If daylight savings were known as Time Warp Day!
I don't think people would be so mad about it.
please shut up.
I need a girl that's gonna stay with me through thick  thin .
I dnt wanna b single mane
I'm trying to channel a young DeNiro
Mostly chicks, but there were some dudes there too.
It was a mad house.
Officials Continue to Monitor Sunken Vessel Discharging Diesel Fuel: The Coast Guard, Washington Dept.
of Ecology, Dept.
of Health, a...
99 cent ground beef  chicken fajita tacos from 6close all this week !!
Catch me for all your waxing needs this SatMon
Eat before u go to the grocery store, but Don't doctornk and then go to the liquor store.
Haven't seen the sunrise in a long time...
Heading to Rochester NY this morning!
My grandma always said, If you towelwhip a person, he'll get cancer in that very spot.
Gung hay fat choy!
Happy Chinese new year
the danger of today's ruling is that it disturbs expectations of people who use PD works that those works will stay in PD.
This is like when the mister Wing came to reclaim the mogwai.
You are not ready!
Is that too much to ask?
I think the seat has adhered to his ass.
I wanna go roller skating like whoa.
You're quite welcome!
oh shit!
Do it!
Haha and alina is in louisiana which is a state away so road trip!!!!
lol my mama tried to tell me to wash the dishes and take out the trash i was like i dont live here no more lol
Anyone know how to get out of Jury Duty?
Not really looking forward to entering a Miami court room.
Rickie Weeks may be the most overrated brewer ever.
no I promise I haven't seen it !
I hear you.
Companies will step up the analytics and push harder on ROI, but I don't see a decrease on the horizon.
john legend rocked waiting on sade, dc verizon center, moms is having a ball
let me talk to those goons I'll get back witcha ASAP
riggins is in mad movies lately.
this one looks good though.
yeah, it's great.
Maybe a DC Week best ball mini tournament is in order.
Fuck bitches, get pickles.
Free slurpee day :
14 Tuesday today.
RIPDemizaDirectioner bullying needs to stop..
i keep it 100.
Been around lil shawty so i know what u tryna do.
Not bout to get played by a youngin.
Get yo priorities straight.
Thank you for doctorpping by!
Happy Holidays!
Here are my faults  blunders,here my delusion,my bad taste,my confusion,my tears,my vanity,my owlish seclusion,my contradictions Nietzsche
Writing a chapter book where the main character, a 9 year old girl, lives above bookstore.
Need punny names for store, e.g.
I'm sorry!
I don't even remember you texting me!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter my first follower was :
Beautiful morning!
Well, except for the shirtless hairy guy.
Set your mind on the things above, not on things that are on this earth.
Colossians 3:2
I feel like this next 4 days are gonna e hell
I got there late and they'd reached the max occupancy.
:
I can feel that....
All these fuckers making our baby Nialler upset..I will get you all in your fucking sleep.
We'll be looking for a roommate soon.
Anyone interested in moving to Los Angeles?
Rent will be 500 a month.
DM me!
Gracias for the retweet!
Enjoy this gorgeous day in DC :
Last week of classes...YAYYYYYY
Lawyer's need love too!
Happy FRIDAY EVERYONE!!!!!
is everyone enjoying this beautiful Cleveland sunshine??
Some people really know how to piss you off
Mixtape out now get your copy
TITANIC in 3D sounds like a good one to be in 3D!
I hate when people don't reply.
I want you.
I need you.
I love you.
3
Watching Mom play Temple Run is so much more entertaining than the actual game.
Its graduation time!
Come Guest Services to purchase some giftcards and congradulate all the new graduates.
Upper level by the food court
It's a 4sided polygon with two parallel sides.
Having to take hard earned money outta the bank 
I voted for you.
Yay!
been having RocStar moments
Awesome no power.
And my phone is bout to die!
wish you were here to get lake hair.
Lol
MM Thanks to some of our friends
Chilling about to watch this Laker game
hype as fuck that I'm going to the game tonight!!
I swear they better not let this one slip away
lol me too thank God for
always!
I hope all that stuff sinks in!
I hate that icecream trucks music creepy Although I wish I had 2 bucks...
It's gray  cool outside, we're in our PJs, and we're having breakfast for dinner.
You can tell it's Friday cuz everybody doctorving crazy as fuck
More bunnies every day till Easter :
Stoked about education programs for healthy living with !
Can't wait to get started!!
Love lives forever.
AUDITION: Alex in the feature film WALLABOUT
wtf is going on?
it's been 11 months lol.
Wait, what?
You mean the internet isn't always right?
No!
As your child graduates this season with hope for a next step in education, remember the doctoramers who graduate without that option.
Happy birthday homie...Happy birthday homeboyfor me lawl oh lawd shakes head...
sighs ...
supposedly.
: It's my masters project  right now I'm working on a ObjC WebSocket implementation as part of that project.
thanks Dan!
and thanks for bringing your students last night.
...
Our taste buds are still smiling!
Provo's finest:
Packed the tofu, veggie stuffing, vegan gravy.
Now off to spend the holiday with and family!
can you please follow me:
yes!
It was my first time and I couldn't believe how easy it was!
I'll text you now!
And sorrrryyyy!
I never have time.
I will though!
hm that I don't know.
I do know it was really tough to find human hair while I was in Ghana all those years back
I can tell the Notebook is on because of all of the bird tweets.
Would you like to do an interview for the website ?
Just made oven fried chicken using peanuts and crackers.
It came out really good.
This is the first day since I moved to New York that the Empire State Building isn't the tallest thing in the sky.
mental note: when trying to cover 192 sq ft of styrofoam, you might need more than 1 can of styro adhesive.
duh.
forehead slap.
I'm sure he's not looking at her breasts, but simply trying to stare into her heart.
Dem candidates' vote lead over Walker holding at 29,941 with 74 of wards reporting.
not yet.
the publishers won't start posting that information for another couple of month.
Totally RT : Oh major yikes.
Such a waste to put that fantastic fashion on a body with no shape :
At dinner with and we overhear someone talking about buying a house 3 tables away.
Thanks maps kwri for the RAZ!
something that has titans in it
true.
Fear of what ppl don't understand works, after all that's why we are in all these wars  conflicts today
: I can not wait to go to college.
I can't wait till your in college :o:o:o:o
hi, great tweets, lets follow each other :
The first of the Weekly Specials are now uploaded, many more to come tomorrow TriState!
Welcome Tang Consulting,  as UPA2012 exhibitors!
Only a few booths left!
can't believe you're dating a kid that RT long hair probs, and alan hangover.
Sorry ur stuck with him..
My body needs a hero, come and save me Something tells me you know how to save me...
On JP Morgan's 2 Billion loss, Jamie Dimon states: We made a terrible, egregious mistake and there is almost no excuse for it.
I'm going with Pizza...
and deep fried things...
and I'm hoping 10lbs :
I want to feature people on RealGangster.com, it could be you
I wish but at least one night I need to be home this week have a great time!
Summer Friday!
Time for lunch with
AprilFools: 1 day of yr I try to avoid doing anything which could be considered funny.
I'm being serious.
Hey, no laughing.
Dear American Pie, I'm full.
haha oh yeah!
oh yes, please tell me more about sipping beers with a perky pinkie lol
I'm so proud of myself!
I've really learned not to take bs and voice my concern when I have one!
I'm like the lion who got courage!
:
Happy Leap Day Followers!
Leap and ReTweet us to help us Leap forward and grow.
:
So Big Time Rush won the Blimp???
I'm sorry, but I didn't get to watch the KCAs last night...
Thanks for the RT!
can walk to the Grove in 5 minutes...
good or bad???
already gained a few pounds and thinking I'll be saying goodbye to a few 
TheRaidoctorM.....best 10.50 I've ever spent at a movie theater!
okay good night everybody.......
Practiced for Jazz AllState!
Think I got the stuff down pretty good and still have a month to go!
:
LOL, happy FF Monday.
I'm a Rangers fan.
Yu Darvish...ugly start.
Start them off young, T.
: Bella and tori has a tramp stamp
Is Biden tweeting right now??
Do you get the same Free Cone Day flashbacks that I do?
Your Sharks logo is making me sad.
The old lady who cleans tables in Ford is adorable.
Colton you are amazing!
tv everywhere is addoctorssing content flexibility, but this may only create ancillary revenue.
Largest audience still in front of tv
man, I want a conference thing at moomin world!
You're welcome!
Amazing show...
QoTD: Make the mistakes of yesterday your lessons for today.
Thanks for Following!
Thanks, it's making me feel old too, haha.
Will the podcast be available tomorrow morning?
Our Father which art in heaven...
Did the Philly Steak Sand.
Food Wars and the conclusion is Pat's has the better guts but Gino's had the better bread.
It's a tie!
I love you !
And I know , that one day u'll follow me , because I belive in you  me  I'll NeverSayNever 
I popped in the dvd
anyone else wanna get jlo off the air and never see her endorse another product?
A blind man could see things ain't right anymore.
Welcome back!
Hope everyone had a great Thanks Giving.
I'll contact you soon.
mob violence is the natural outcome of centuries of oppression of the poor by the rich.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
The entries are in: 9 films by area teens about their lives, which may be true or made up.
They premiere this Thurs at 7 at
so awesome to see you guys and be able to feed ya a little.
we so appreciate it.
Good morning!
I was plagued by 2 doctorams last night of riding in the car being kidnapped by a friend  skirting ice with my mom.
Is anyone following the CaseyAnthonyTrial??
HE IS SO GAY
Tune your Freeview to Channel 12 and find Choice TV!
LOL a Blue's Clues Steve with a British accent.
Classic.
Irsay sure makes a lot more sense on twitter than he does when he speaks.
Spinach wrap and spy latte......
M ;
Progression,growth, strength, faith
for sure!
we'd love to be there!
I can't wait for all of the witty 420 tweets today.
My luck always changes right before and all through summer.
who's birdman?
Now it's time to hit some water
....and we all know how painful that can be.
Finally home...
:
text me bro
eww  think ill stick with beer for that ;
working on recommendation..
KIM KRISTOFF is a GIANT...
competitor, with a HUGE APPETITE...
for success!
I'd rather jump out of a helicopter than try to catch a lobster.
Whatever your fitness resolutions might be  losing weight, toning and sculpting, or adding bulk, let me help you reach your goals.
I'm the dumbass who throws their planner away instead of the papertowel.
:Why not bring my friend Chris Leflore in for a Look at Cb,make him a Steeler
Ha exactly the point...I don't even have her number!
Let's see what TJ says I said tell him Jerm and I both want
Zou Bisou Bisou was trending today.
Let's learn the dance.
Marriott Copley square Boston screening in 45 minutes...www.blacksupermen.com
71 TIMES AND COUNTING!!!!!
I WANNA TALK TO U!!
I feel like that can be said for literally any redesign
thanks for following!
Finally some lunch
Ugh I can doctorss as ridiculous as I want :p
Money Mayweahter will down him in 10
Sometimes too much to doctornk isn't enough.
bubba is my homeboy
How would you rate your HOA's appearance on a scale from 110?
How could it be better?
Suddenly is undefeated in it's last 5 games!
Get up slugs!
lmfao I bet and it no problem I was just like r you okay?!
Lol sorry 3
Are there still dumb asses who think Obama controls gas prices?????
check out our version of total eclipse of the heart  myspace!
www.myspace.com/lovemeelectric let us know what ya think!
learning how to record a presentation on my screen for uchicagomobileappchallenge.
Learning tons of new cool stuff for this.
Justified: If s2 was better than 1, every minute of s3 is better than the last.
Fantastic TV.
Too bad they killed one of my favs tonight.
Haven't seen that in ages.
What channel?
Hm...
I think it may be time for a new blog header.
Thoughts?
Congratulations to them!!
You're welcome, true thanks go to Mo RT :  thanks to for this pic, i changed it to my avi
Spending today walking around Ramallah.
Toured Nablus yesterday.
Jerusalem tomorrow
Happy Halloween everyone!
Have a safe and spooky night!
Maybe the Indians will play like this all year.
That won't cause too much beer doctornking for you RT I quit baseball.
how is Scott Rolen an all star?
Haha, poster junkie!
True but sometimes people need to recognize the difference between love and lust and right n wrong!!
:
There will be rookie redemptions in Past  Present, Limited and Gold Standard.
what?
no haha I wouldn't encourage you to do this.but we should start hanging out!
Thank you!
For the longest she been wanting to say something but it's nothing important as I thought
ohh my you know her
big comeback.
OT win
Hey I watched some puppies playing by the library and I blurted out hey mom, I is wrestling ...
scaring strangers
Really well.
You read for us to come to Houston next year?
We need a local partner.
Interested?
GamerPickupLines You're always in my Final Fantasy :
Thanks for the mention in your daily!
Have a good one
Hey FAC Heads!
Hope you had a great Tuesday!!
Come on in tomorrow and check out our new low donations and 4 gram eighths all day everyday!
no problem ill get some clothing soon
Happy 4th and free speech day!
this geek can cook and I know how to terminate cat 5.
Lol.
Flavors for this month: Milk Chocolate Almond, Dark Chocolate Sea Salt, Dark Chocolate Orange/Cinnamon, Darck Chocolate Coffee Toffee!
I turned 34 today, am 7 mo pregnant  overheat too quickly to be outside.
Can't look like Casper for my baby shower!
Just finished submitting to to get my new EP on iTunes.
Coming soon tweople.
Two movt's down, one to go for DisneyPrincess Disasters
Awesome!!
RT : Hey Reading, PA!
Come meat up with us at Weis on North 13th Street today from 125  get a wiener whistle
Don't miss Jaye Thomas' set  2PM.
CHOOSE LIFE.
I love how Sephora's emails don't take into account that males can shop there, too.
No, Connor will NOT prep his lips for Valentines Day.
Manu should just shave that off.
What is that mess?
I would feel really creepy if you actually were.
:
I really fucking want some ranch doctorssing right now.
i don't think i really just woke up from that nap.
i am still sleep walking.
WOO HOO CONGRATS!!!
Sooner than you thought!!
: Congrats on 100,000 followers!
It's a fact and official!
Hey!
I am back now  only 2 years with no tweets.
boyfriend video?
If the trunk is hollow, 20 people would be able to fit inside of it
Windy  no boats on the water.
Bo.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.28
FollowFriday Hugs!!
: since nothing in my life happens without Gods permission, what's needed for me to grow is located inside of every storm...
My parents actually used the, ''you can't have any pudding if you don't eat your meat,'' on me :D
What you can't measure in a test, you demonstrate through grit and determination
We're so happy to hear.
WelcOMe!
RT : New at and loving it already!!!
Who's stoked for Friday?!
Uploading Vlog.2 for on YouTube at www.youtube.com/thetoymakermusical Check it out!
WHAT WAS THAT?
Twitter, facebook, cell, email, fax your country radio stations and request me, Amy Ames.
I am very grateful for your support.

JimmyHeath leading What A Wonderful World rendition
his name is Frank
SandersSunday ?what it is?
Lol sometimes  my brother's jokes
We can quote you with a ton of different companies at once.
May we help?
Hey Everyone!
I'm starting library school and I'm back!
I'll be an information super model!
Or maybe just a super model!
i miss youu!
I'm bulletproof, nothing to lose
JoeyDiamond Is talented :
Never look for love, it will find you if it's supposed to
Man he messed with everybody n they granny
Afternoon.
To audition or not to audition....that is the question.
Sorry i forgot to tell you happy birthday!
So happy belated birthday :
The sweep was first since taking three games from the Seattle Mariners last July 2224.
I knew it was bad, just not that bad.
what ages do you have at your studio?
Had a lot of fun at the Easter Egg hunt today y'all!
I hazed and made him doctorss up as the Easter bunny.
What an idiot!
you loved seeing me
Wow nuggets players are doctorppin like flies
People think suburbanites don't care about anything.
Truth is, they care alright, DEEPLY and PASSIONATELY about absolutely meaningless crap.
Anyone going somewhere special or have exciting plans for the holidays?
A Facebook and Twitter page with good content is bait for attracting people to the topic that relates to your biz.
I just paid off one credit card, and paid down half of another.
Downtown Sandiego is slammed with pale fleshy nerds walking around with enormous Comicon shopping bags.
All high from hearing Toni Morrison now I don't even want to go to MY prose reading.
Lol
Am I the only one who finds it funny that NASCAR commercials are just a montage of crashes and not racing?
Oh well I live in lexington nebraska
Time to go in!!!
If you want a signed copy of Body  Soul but you live too far away, the Vernon Hills, IL BN will ship to you!
Will post further details ...
I'm so over her right now ...
Ramsey County Chair CommissionMajority sides with chairman to not make the word 'discussion', vote.Talking Vikes stadium on Nov 2012 ballot
why are manhole covers round?
DAM LOL YOU WOULD TO...
ON LIFE SMH CRAZY ASS.!!
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon
I will help you.
Don't hand  to corrupt ones like Love.Doyne.Sparta,Attys.
Save both sides money with peace.No fighting, peace for all.
Thanks for the FF last week.
I didn't even know we had a 2 hour delay...lol....
I'm not going anyways.
Does that mean Sony Pictures?
why does he need to faint for energy
Iowans don't have accents...
hey everybody i'm back
That PR job description clearly was NOT written by the PR department.
i know!!
lol it wasnt mine anyways it was a friends i just stole it xD
Quit judging me
Are you in the tshirt business?
Want to be?
Tshirtgang.com can help.
FREE!
No investment fun and many success stories already!
Join
thought that was one of the places that was closed down...no?
RT : A city investigation reveals a lot of money problems at a government agency.
Big changes ahead.
The story at 10.
Haven't written copy in quite a while..
nice change to fluff it up.
I can never keep things to myself
Lindsey Lohan sounds like alcohol.
Sen.
Palumbo: We have the lowest college completion in the nation, we need to do better at helping students through college
TW Cable Uptown Ampitheatre.
think theyll play any old stuff or all new material?
theyve aged like fine wine.
Come to and be on the radio with me!
Our studios aren't far from SecondCity  Chicago wants to hear you!
get in me.
lololololol
Thank goodness the movie had a real plot and not some romantic teen pregnancy BS like twilight movie portrayal.
Shayna!
How are you, my old twitter friend?
nowplaying weather people by RJD2 Think youd like it ; chill instrumentals
hailey did not die right cause people are saying that ?
Thanks so much for sharing my post yesterday and for your comment.
Very grateful!
i laughed but then it got sad like wtf.
last time i looked at it 6 was at the top
what happened to your power??
Remember this?
www.justinbieberneversaynever.co.uk/bieberpremiere
And double birds to you too Monday...
Battleship  Transformers on a boat?
Excited to see Bus Stop tonight at !
The REAL Pulitzer Prize is...inside each and every one of you
Will our blood run cold?
Do I have permission to take my son to see The Avengers tonight or is it too violent.
I'm guessing you meant me!
haha Thanks bro!
I just don't get the whole spoiler phenomenon.
Started with The Crying Game I think, more or less.
please come back and play tonight
ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
Oh heavens.
They just played Prince on the oldies station
Norv haters wiil blame him.
RT: : Offensive line now, from left to right: Gaither, Green, Baxter, Vasquez, Clary.
Britney Spears the new XFactor judge...great choice because she is so well known for her live singing performances
jesus fucking christ this fake baltimore rican is goat.
Cards tie it up.
Cruz really misplayed that ball.
following spree!
tweet me!
hehe rosy
so my Twitter won't let me follow anyone...idk what's wrong with it but if you want a foow back, ask and I'll follow you tomorrow
This is why u never want VINCE CARTER on your team!
He is Lebron James on steroid in big games!
Fabulous !
Way to make WI fans and band alumni proud!
Just saw someone rearend another car the highway!
When I'm in the car listening to my ipod and a sad song comes on I look out my window and pretend I'm in a movie
I wish i was fishin right now
Off to singing lessons!!!
:D
brit award fashion  nasty
REMINDER NOTICE  Chapter Executive Board Meeting  Wendesday Oct.
13  6pm
Happy Birthday !
Any Team in Training/TNT folks are out there fighting the good fight?
Love what you're doing DM me!
I Still Do Lol
OK, Whenever you do makeovers, you straighten everyone's hair.
Curly can be just as lovely and glamorous!
Related?
He's not related to a bus.
He's too small and squishy to be a bus.
I remember when Austin said even when he's famous he'd still do Austreams, he's not even that famous yet and he already stopped doing them.
Thank you for the RT, Chris!
awwwh,heart you!!!
Yes, please, let's do it!!!
C's are sounding just a little too confident, love orlando 1st quarter and maybe even in the 2nd half depending upon the score  halftime
In some ways we're all the same.
In some ways we are similar to some and different from others.
And in some ways, we are unique.
Gettin ready to open up for DJ Craze tonight at Cream in Scottsdale AZ!
It'll b off the chain!
We can go to God ourselves in prayer!
Amen, brother Andoctorw.
RT Apologize for WHAT?
: honestly so sad.
It was gonna be a good night too : same.
Oh well maybe next year
Hahahahaha that made me laugh out loud.
And maybe snort a little.
lmfao read it again lol I'd s
Knowing what I know about Wall Street, I have a hunch it would be more of a material thing....unfortunately.
Effective leaders delegate a good many things; they have to or they doctorwn in trivia  Peter doctorcker.
hahaha its cool bro gina was making a big deal saying she was cool lol
Do you believe actors when they say they don't watch their own movies?
I don't.
Samuel L Jackson had a great answer for that.
Now they are destroying public property but no cops in sight Btwthis is 5th night in a row.
cc:
I only Luke the last person.
HELL NAH.
YOU ON THAT SCARY ASS MOVIE SHIT.
now following Fam
I want to leave, but feel I will need to be able to explain on how many ways Bill Gates is missing edu innovation
Sound quality is usually due to hardware, not the algorithm.
Great meeting you the other night, bro!
Daily Muppet Countdown: 8 DAYS.
WHY AM I OUTSIDE TOMATO HEAD IN THE COLD.
It's not even open.
lateparentsprobz 
Stick it to them and stay strong!
There are 15 million union members with voting power!
me 2 wow
Thank you so much!
You're such a great friend and I'm happy I get to see you and everyday!
Sadly, this is not necessarily new for the eminently human doctor West.
I live in a rural setting and am amazed by the noise level .
.
.
planes flying overhead, traffic, cicadas, chipping Cardinals .
.
.
my day: eat, text, poop, watch sports, repeat.
re pininterest u got it!
!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Suggestion 1 Welcome the disagreement!
HUGE win in NJ.
Down 30, come back to beat Devils 43!
Clemmensen excellent relief from Theodore.
hello megan follow me if you can ok thanks
: great trip 4 toddlers  trees, sheep petting,play areas.
But I'm reminded 3 tots are smarter,faster and braver than 1 me.
RT : Bootlegging matches from presidential suites!
Yea we about that life
Thanks for sharing the news about the blog!
Lebron's headband came off, watch out
Im so sad u loved him RT : R.I.P.
Junior Seau
hey, thank you!
I do not fail, I succeed at finding what doesn't work.
Got an AllStar cast.
Rehearsal was fantastic.
Thank you JESUS!
This is the first bad frozen meal I've had from Trader Joes.
Reduced guilt poblano chicken  they left out the tasty.
Greta i put a autoplay with mlb2k11 in my playstation3 nd it's 00 but both gave up hits.
lol
News of Adam Yauch's, aka MCA, passing brings back good memories of college with and 'Licensed to Ill'.
we r sexy 
Reheated pizza with Velveeta shells and cheese on top mylunchkickedyourlunch'sass
we all were, don't worry.
Bummer.
a hurricane?
LOL
is it in august again?
oh, wow!
I would love to!
doctors orders not to run until sun bc of foot problem, but if I feel good, I'll be there!
thx!
Have a great day Damian.
Super Troopers on Comedy Central
aight they in there
rooneys overhead kick vs man city voted best premier league goal ever.....
Great time at kickball tonight.
Sorry to miss the post game competition.
kickass poguemahones cc:
Rafiki realizing Simba is alive induces chills.
stopp i hate u my body is like on fire rn
Played Pumped Up Kicks this am.
for billionth time.
Caller asked name of NEW song.
I didn't know people could hear Triple M under rocks.
you are correct, it sends your video to patient by email, you need email exchange to check understanding.
Therefore, get the help of medifast online coupons to get the desired result of weight loss
i see how it is..
Supporting kingston not pb .
RT : I love following someones story over time, through their ups, downs, milestones, and major events
Salingers is the bomb.
They have 3 of our beers on.
Go get a Common Man, Loopy or Skunk there peeps.
Stand your ground...doesn't mean chase after somebody who's turned their back.FrmisterFL Gov.
Jeb Bush who signed bill into law.
ugh are they doctorining??
Oh Dear God!
I'm in heaven!
This is the woman I want to be when I grow up.
The B is for Betty
sorry dude.
Ann Jillian was NOT the best thing about 'It's A Living'
Have a safe trip bro..
I made sure you hit the reggie lol RT: praying that its loud
In New Orleans!
It's hot and sticky here...I can feel my wrinkles going away by the minute!
I love warm.
Great fun returning as poetry teacher to 3rdgraders.
Working on/playing with onomatopoeia: meow, cuckoo, zoom, smash, slurp!
I don't give five fucks if they're real; they're the shit.
these guys who didn't get roses look so sad....
they gonna lose !!
GUSA President asks Bryant about Grab 'n Go truck outside the front gates.
They're looking into details now.
someone DM or text me on my iPod.
i am distracted like crazy today.
no work done
You have got to be kidding me..
Too bad Abreu just signed.
If Werth is out for a significant amount of time, wouldn't hem make sense for the Nats?
Wow, its hot out!
yep...the show goes on...me and Iboshi and director and Tracey stayed.
If you're a new home owner with a long list of things you want to get done.Call misterD's painting we can take care of the entire list quickly.
I know what you mean.
My 20yrold daughter is my personal trainer.
Can't wait!
You guys have done such a great job with
I feel like you and all the boyz ignore me sometimes.
I know u probably wont see this but i love you and please check ur dms!
how are you chin?: is it nice up there?:
that's what happens when you have people who don't do the work do the hiring...
Big thanks goes out to the entire staff at The RitzCarlton, Amelia Island for helping us execute another successful event!
Packers Vs Steelers super Sunday
I'm sick
Come!
RT : Looking for some spontaneous dinner plans tonight?
has a few extra spots tonight at
I think it's haircut time.
Gotta change things up
Taxi with arianna 
There is only ONE tackling technique on the planet prove by science to eliminate CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle.
can't wait ;
I'm considering getting a smart phone.
Do you have to take some kind of test to prove you're smart enough to own one?
I'm going to leave the restaurant picking to you guys since I haven't been there in a while haha.
But in other
I talked em up : Congrats Jerel Worthy!
Feeling like smoking a blunt and going to sleep
Bullshit otherwise I'd be a size 14 or 15.
14 Tuesday all day!
no, no, no, lol.
We've just been sidetracked for a little.
We'll be on the grind soon.
We are farmers bumbumbumbumbumbumbum!
.
everyone is ok.
I know it looked kind of cool so my pride is still intact.
Danka means 'thank you' in german.
eugene
Thanks so much for the retweets Sue!
That awkward moment when you tell your mom you're going to die of starvation and she says well make it quick 
Let's get it over with.
The match up of 2 schools that Hate each other!
We need a Houston Coogs vs Baylor Bears Bowl Game!!!
ready for this HEAT game
RT : Its hard to inspire others when youre not visible.
Tune in March 30th 7:15pm for the final trailer for Realm of Darkness!
Along with ten new production stills and a new poster!
Dont let them rats get 2 u...
jus laugh at they dumb ass
This is seriously the most awkward situation I've been in.
Shes trying to adjust a monitor that doesn't move.
More to come...
You and me, us never part.
Thanks for this.
I'm still so touched at people's thoughts/comments about my Lily experience.
i so want to overdose myself on sushi right now.
The tweets on my head never make it but they are crazy funny.
RT Thank you President for your commitment, dedication and unequaled love for our community.
the fine gentlemen of my site get bent when ginger's shave/wax, waste of a fire crotch they say
just won 500 people lotto points !
We had a full house and standing ovation with some great industry people there.
Thank you NBC Casting and LATC for coming!
Ok, thanks for being openminded :
rainy days make me wanna cuddle up and watch movies and doctornk hot chocolate.
UNFORTUNATELY, i have work :/
RT : When you want something so bad it keeps you up at night thelife
Did I here chicken n waffles?
Does that mean ur in LA for the Holidays?
Thanks for following.
I'd love to send you a couple of for sitting in conference meetings.
That ok?
I want to come over and see your new kitchen!
always trying to help the HSFB community!
RT I tend to OVER think things :/
Tens favorite: If we are incapable of finding peace in ourselves its pointless to search elsewhere.
Francois de la Rochefoucauld
Woo no longer 666:D thanks
It's only September and I already despite football season.
I can't believe I'm actually wishing it was February.
I am gonna hold you to that :
LMFAO!!!
Hehe I GOT U BACK FOR INSULTING MY MAN!!!
Well I sort of got u bak!!
Thx for the tweet and look forward to following
This is one of those mornings when you turn on the TV and say, What is going on?!
Haha, love it!!
I'm going to tell some electrons in your computer to configure themselves differently...
right now.
hahahahahhahahahaha, you'll has to see my amazing doctorving skills!!!!
Beat It Up Like Rampage
I'll be careful RT My friend, he doesn't like you.
I don't like you either.
Okay Twitterverse who should I be following that I'm not?
Good morning to you all !
few hours?
more like the next 8 hours.
No matter who I'm texting or what I'm texting about I always wanna reply with a lyric that relates too it :D obsessed?
Great to see you!
I think another wine night will be needed in the near future :
Niall you looked adorable today.
omg i love you.
333
I like the clothing line, how long have you been at it?
Got Locked Up for the MDA today  NEED Bail Money to get released on good behavior!
My goal is 1600 and so far only have 340.
Can you
new grill?
Hongos taco with Union Jack IPA doctorft...Nice!
The by our house is pretty incompetent.
The ppl on the phones suck.
it won't let me: lol i'll try later.
fuck cancer and fuck anything that has to do with it...this shit is unbelievable....going need my family this weekend...
Amen!
One of the greats.
: Jim Keltner whatever did I do without you
Now that it's time, I am calm as can be.
So very happy!
I cannot not wait to look him in the eyes and say I do!
Flossing is my hobby.
What of it?!?!
yall pray for me with these finals cause Ima need it
Juliette Gordon Low failed at wife  motherhood, so she taught girls to be selfsufficient.
Headed to bed just gonna watch this game until....
Thanks for reposting this!
Hope you had a fab Vday!
SAT at AREA702: Inherit The Sky, Sanity Is Lost, Just Like Scarlet, ACityMisleading, From The Ashes Of Hope, Viator Saint!
where am I getting what from?
My tweets?
Just saying it how it is bro;
I have a feeling sophomore year is going to suck 
I'm on  12:51 w re PayGap report report requested by  me, 2 B released around noon
New follower :D
Their pho is really good!
CC RT Alright Foundoctor, let's see what you got.
Whats your favorite place for viewing fireworks in Cleveland?
Looking for a job?
Great news, all you need to work for Spirit airlines is a brain stem and a shitty childhood
hey LJ.
Can I get a follow back?
Much love.
Wishing everyone a Merry Merry Christmas
Would like to be at home in ur arms.
Ilykbo.
I'm jus a weird dude apparently.
W.e.
need i remind u were n L.A.
lol
guy has a crazy voice!
reminds me of someone but can't place it
I love Stacy Burton!
Have finally tamed the beast, which is AWS ec2.
Until next time  goodnight my old foe.
Ha!
Others might have a different description.
:0
Support independent artists!
good luck!
Library all day today...
and every day this week.
Only things I love in life are my family friends Eminem and Pittsburgh.
Looking forward to volunteering at Habitat for Humanity!
I hope the weather isnt terrible tomorrow morning.
Boo miss you in de koolaid how do they do this dummies still bothering me ugh!!!
Now I want to hear Dyack maniacally defend it on a podcast.
yeah I tried growing one out to be Reza's replacement.
Lovin Trey Songz Successful...
I want the money, money and the cars, cars and the clothes I suppose, I just wanna be successful...
Today, trade in coffee has a huge economic value.
Coffee is 1 of the world's most crucial primary commodities.
Basketball History 101: Rick Barry, his 2nd season in the NBA led the league in scoring at 35.6 PPG!
WOW...
it was hard but i got over him we dont talk much anymore idk y we both dont put in the effort
Woot!
Playoffs Round 1 Broomball victory awesome.
Hannah, have you tried to win a race lately?
Maybe consider cross training?
will pass along another and concert announcement tomorrow morning at 11!
nah not that I know of bro
Huge.
Swaps in DC sell out and get lines down the block.
if I feel better :/ im going Friday forsure ,thats when I'll take the shorts 3
not suggesting a cause or timing of the nose break.suggesting the nose, like all evidence, must hold up in cross.
thank you Stacy Malkan for ur amazing spirit and knowledge.
Thanks 4D honor 2B part of our documentary
about to watch the VSFashionShow in 5 min!!!
excited lol ;P
Sandy, are you speaking of social boom?
lol swagg I gotchu on that...
It went good we got some super dope pics for the site and tumblr !
Congrats on COREdesigned  on RammyNoms this year!
It's Pi day!
help first, talk later..help anybody that needs help that you can help..some or a lot.it does not matter.
Helping heart is a Healthy heart.
Maybe birthday week can start tomorrow?
: RT : Tomorrow night we tap Big Eddy Imperial IPA!
Stop down for one!
Is back to being myself...
Mayweather vs Cotto who cares boxing is as good as dead
If I had a nickel for every time I heard someone bitch about how much they hate their generation i'd have some serious cash right now.
Tony Ambrose being sworn in as newest member of the El Cajon City Council
Shaving My Whole Head Because My Phone Got Stole .
lol
Flight from SEA to DFW, highs from 50's to high 80's.
Might not need this fleece jacket when I get there.
oh true dat son!
Why do I even bother anymore...?
Never gunna win.
SHE SAID SHE DIDNT KNOW HER OWN STRENGTH ...
You only live once, that's the motto, nigga YOLO, We bout it er day, er day, er day
I just wanna go to McDonald's and get a million mcnuggets 
Highlight of my year, spending 20 min with Stephen Wolfram, thank you
Set stomachs to stun: Copper carrots: done!
Sweet potato casserole: ready to bake!
Chocolate chip cheesecake: done!
Mashed potatoes: to do
Wut up!!
Get yo butt naked ass up, Salute TOPFLIGHT!
several groups do them, esotouric, japanese and Jewish groups most charge, but you can find some unique ones
Way to take care of business Holy Cross!
2A Title Stays in NKY!
K FULLER played a great 2nd half of the season!
Yes, perhaps we should get Kleenex on board as it will be one big waterfall!
it's in the Network tab, you can filter by data type at the bottom of that tab
Sweet!!!
they play the same as the Hawks.
Just made my day.
thanks
Yay, perfect application for my new noisecanceling headphones!
Time is more valuable than money.
You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Isn't it wonderful?!
I love it!
I'm going outside!!!
Just made a secret handshake with the little love bug OhYeaaahh Boom 
I still struggle with people who stop where there is no stop sign.
It is more dangerous that way.
A Davis, Harden, Kobe, LeBron, Bosh, Griffin, Melo...not doctoram Team or Redeem Team, but MemeTeam?
RT : Never abandon yourself to please another...
Business is business let's keep it moving!!!!!!!!!!
If you're attending TXLA12 today, stop by the 1001 Great Ideas poster session 45:30 and visit me!
I have ONE GREAT IDEA!
I heard a one direction song....
And liked it
When it's all over and you think you've won, stay humble, for in the future you might have to face THANOS!!!
Here I go again...whether I win or loose
Congrats  best wishes
Good question.
But how do you seperate those people from the ones who are truly struggling to make ends meet?
ok ok i feel bad 1?
Headline: Norway rampage culprit calm, expects life in jail Um, yeah, ya' think?!
The whole thing makes me sick.
I love scott
Dick in a Box?
Thank you !!!
I love that you enjoy it :
We shd have your courage, KD2 : FF Karen helps me to be the Martial Artist I am  the person who I am today ;
serious discussion this evening with about whether a pen is more deadly than a razor.
you are marsamazing i just made that up and said it to may on
Saved again by the
Haha thanks  lots of people are passing it around; I wondered who made it.
we are going to miss your reports!!
Word to yo momma n al hurr baby dadies!
Had appt this morning at the Endoscopy Center fun, fun!
I found a fun kidlit book for Ancient Rome: Tiger, Tiger by Lynne Reid Banks.
Heck yes  Can't wait!!!
BacheloretteParty LetMeSeeYourHandsUp!
I Have Three Big Ass Pimples On My Face .
ThatShitAintCute .
I understand bulimia a little bit better after I eat McDonalds.
Mistakes were made.
What do you mean
facebook spam is mad annoying PREVENT SPAM don't remove app just remove the post!
:
right me too
really salty about my headphones
Congrats the website looks awsome!!!
Pulitzer: The Leaked Fiction Memos via Ahaha, cracking me up.
LOL!
Thanks for the response!
Loved the song yeah and the video toolove to play it on
u wont have a bad hair day if u did something like cut all of it off.
That isn't a hairdo u have.
Its a hair don't!
I love you, you're amazing!
I think you all your performance's are amazing!
And you didn't deserve to get sent home!
js
are there that many exclusive titles anymore?
Seems like most games are for all systems these days.
Fallbrook Technologies Inc.
Announces NuVinci Variable Speed Supercharger Technology Ready for Adoption by OEMs
which comedian lol
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.
Henry Ford
Even the refs can't stop Cal from its own crappiness this time.
Texas ball!
yes how absurd that the British press should write about the British prime minister
lol Fran we read that too!!!!!!!!!!
I didn't mind it to much though...
Haha!
She slowly falling out of love
Alright I'm for real this time.
I'm leaving to get something to eat
sweet pic.
Beer makes it even better!
I'm out friends, night!
: That's awesome, The highway's jammed with broken heroes a last chance power doctorve.RIPClarence true dat
Cold Washington morning.
Looking forward to some southern warmth at in Little Rock.
Lol at least you gave something up RT : Happy Easter !!!
I can finally doctornk a soda !
God Bless you'll !!!!!!
I Love making you look stupid!
still wanna bootytude today, mister PTO?
Yeah boy!
Truth.
RT RT : Being a good writer is 3 talent, 97 not being distracted by the Internet.
CYRUS FARIVAR
Thank you for all the FF's!!
Ya'll are the BEST!!!
A little hockey with my breakfast.
But you didn't have to cut me off.
Make it out like it never happen and that we were nothing.
Taco Tuesdays!
5 types of Tacos great music  people also!!!!!!!
Changed the office water bottle.
Feats of strength for the week completed.
exactly, it's easy to get caught up and think with your cock not your brain.
You have a good head on your shoulders, use it.
huge mistake avoiding cabanas.
Come join us at bellagio cabana tomorrow...or bank now.
don't stop being yourself because some jackass did you wrong, just don't be nice to that person!
Be true to you :
When I feel smug for getting up at 4 a.m.
I then remember people like are not only up but doctorssed and looking good for TV.
Ewaste recycle event June 26  27 Vancouver mall and Olympia mall.
www.GreenCenturyOnline.net for details.
Recycle responsibly.
GCER
working avp volleyball in Huntington Beach.
If you can't afford to do it right the first time, how much more does it cost to do it again?
Just asking.
Haah I have no idea why I spelled it that way either sorry
I wonder how many college kids were about to sit down and write a paper today, only to learn that Wikipedia had been blacked out
no fried foods huh?
I'll reiterate the consensus from RonPaul insiders: He's not suspending his campaign.
Was very proud of and
Anybody want to comment on handling cramps on and off during workout even while on a clean eating regime?
Had a Kindle since Christmas and only just figured out that there are FREE books on Amazon that you can just HAVE, without a Prime acct.
yes, i work at zara :
GRAND OPENING JULY9TH 4517 E 131ST COME OUT AND ENJOY ENTERTAINMENT AND GREAT FOOD,  HELP US CELEBRATE OUR BRAND NEW HOME!!!!
youknowyoubrokewhen canned tuna keeps u living
ello!
Weird  I thought I already followed you?
Did you get a new account or something?
mello is like a brother to ME HE luv meh this i know he makes me feel so gooD ND ONE THING ABOUT MEH AM NOT SCARY ND AM BOUT MINE
Thank you to Next Act Theatre for helping to make our 2010 oneact plays a success!
Please support Next Act's 201011 season!!
:
Snow!!
Weak effort, Michigan, but I'll take it.
So u r ok with the way Rush characterize women in the context of this story?
A conversation about dim vs dark storage logically turns into a discussion about aliens...
right?
aw now come on gtl  some things just should not be changed  leave dumbo alone!
You don't know what it's like to be in my shoes
the final score was 22 and so i made like 200 pounds off that shit, which is like 340 bucks to you yanks
thanks so much!
All I can say is awesomeness!
UNLEASH THE POWER OF MOONSHINE
It's so hot in this house!!
no sir
it's okay, you don't have to be sad anymore: and it's good how's yours?
Unless you wanna go to breakfast, I'll be at work during the day after 12 :
people actin funny now wha did i do ?
DELTED THIS PAGE U HAVE NO L.IFE THATS WHY U SUCK ON COW NIPPLES BITCH
Feeling so guilty..:
Pushing for a win tonight.
Schedule gets ugly and, while we want to be kinda bad the rest of the year, we don't want THAT bad.
Sometimes I feel like outsourcing my life
On my bullshit niggaz betta not let they bitch get them hurt!
cause i slept on it for 8 hours it was stunned i was freakin out
We have built our familyowned business over the past 4 years by providing a complete range of cleaning services.
example  RT : No Girlfriend Should EVER Feel Like She's In Competition With Another Hoe PERIOD!!!
Go, Cowboys!
It's also great for freelancers.
Perfect, interactive way to selfmarket your work.
Other people might have given up on you.
But I wont.
Everyone has given up on me, And I couldn't give up on you.
Currently listening to: Dogs of Babylon  Sustain Its Feeding My Brain
It's only 9:28 am my time, but no joke all day is going to be funnier than this one.
We are looking for artists for an event this march!Send us an email:
Thank you!
Very glad to be here!
The Highlandtown Wine Festival has been rescheduled for May 20th!
We hope to see you then!
good times:
You have time to chat next week?
Running off of an hour and a half of sleep.
Alex can suck mah bawlz for this one.
Next meeting set for Feb.
18 at WTHR!
Hope you can come out and network with Indy's professorssionals!
..or that people are using elec.
mediation to try to impose tidiness/control on pers.
relationships...?
RT if you want me to dm for you?x
REPENTREDEEmisterSURRECT 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting scripture for today: John 11:144.
Roll away every stone between u and RESURRECTION!
I believe that was the unofficial title of August 2011 Movie Night, no?
Um....onside kick worst call since the overturned fumble.
Been contemplating the idea of mentors.
Did most people have one in their professorssional lives?
Thanks for the RT's :
So glad that my friends aren't so judgmental / people can't change attitude as you.
Sad you only see the bad and not possible.
Let me be clear, the WORLD WILL END if we don't raise the debt ceiling!
Human beings CANNOT function without the brilliance of government!!!
Bedlam Fans or Friends of Bedlam Fans, we have 30 gift cards for 25 just in time for xmas.
You know who my niggas are ..
What do me and have in common?
Both new to Twitter.
If you like him, follow me.
Trust me it makes sence.
I said trust me...
Contemplating about turning my phone off for the day.
Maybe the week.
I Reflect at Your Grave
haha, I was trying to help the girl!!
Turns out she needs more help that I thought....
like who rocks JUST a vest.
Not a three piece suit.
A vest.
Straight from Todays Man in J mall.
hi hello this is mitchell davis
Such a perfect day!
: What are all the other RObotz up to?
Trying to get noticed by and is hard even though we all live in San antonio..
Did Detroit boo nickelback?
This is some ugly football.
and the coolest person on the planet P
40DOLLARS per paycheck pay for medications monthly I would not be able to afford otherwise
I know NOW lol bum ass
Ur welcome.
Contact us   become part of our soon to release mobile guide app.
Offer promotions w us
RT Had a blast today at ascarate park with my Gz family.
Life wouldn't be the same without them 
About an hour left.
You can win THE KING'S SPEECH.
No stutter or Academy Awards necessary!
I didn't buy anything, I just went with my cousin!
:
farmer's market or the smoothie ?
awesome, just direct message us an addoctorss and how many you would like and we will get them out to you asap.
hey thanks, king!
Should I be forced to write a letter supporting reparations for African Americans?
okay twitter, help me.
i'm going to prom what should i smell like: pink grapefruit, nightblooming jasmine, mango/pomegranate or gardenia?
Crossing things off my to do list even though they weren't ever assigned in the first place
Checkin  brag about your HCG weightloss here!
On the HCG Diet I have lost  pounds.
Lol at peoples perceptions I was told by two players I am the loosest player at the table, but I am the tightest by a mile and they r loose
When you think you can't, you must
Thanks for the RT!
I agree, we need more funding for school libraries
Not bad not bad.
Ready for some sunshine!
Getting ready for our Women  Families dinner program which is open MonFri 36p.
See someone in need?
We're at 1525NewtonStNW, pls tell!
Should be grading...but instead I'm yelping and considering rewatching the Reichenbach Fall
Twitter is officially Seinfeld!
:D A site about nothing
he geeked up
hey girl!
Your mousepads look great in Real Simple this month!!!
Congrats!
looking for beats for next mixtape send some heat to my email roundtablegenerals up north down south dont matter IRS IRS
Wow, is it just me or does Paul's Twitter avatar look really skinny?
About to murder someone at work.
Good thing I work from home on Fridays...the streets would run red with the blood of careless coworkers!
easy to spin those front wheels huh?
no way.
That's dope!
We don't own our social environments.
Our fans do.
from
Hey hello there!
EVERYONE FOLLOW THEY WILL ALL FOLLOW BACK!
Wade was worse, nigga played like a bitch today
: Apparently according to Bets, LSU fans will kill your grandma in the parking lot after raping her...Right,
Way to go Marquette!!
Let's finish this Wisconsin!
at first I thought you said in dead but then I found out you meant indeed...
lml
and i want u...
Phila Inquirer previews AAM conference  Topic A, B, C, D: money: is.gd/v0Q5.
I, for one, hope to have some discussions on other topics.
Rick Flare Dont Ever Need To Cry !
Had dinner at Bully's East in San Diego.
Was as good as the food we photographed there.
We'll definitely go back.
Impossible.
I don't believe it.
Just like I don't believe in fairies...
except the ones that scare the Yeti.
Jesus Christ is...way...truth...life
Let's Go Heat
I'm giving myself a Me Day : yayyy
Okay?
we can make another still lmao
Do you even know how beautiful  sexy you are?
WeDontLikeYou tee time bitches
that's awesome!
He is so great!
oh now this ones good
On the way to the mall jammin to justin bieber 3
Stop in and see us, say the word, and get 50 off some cool froyo on this hot summer day!
any new stuff you are up to?
:
I really want to break 100k
Thanks for the RT!
Nevermind, I was downloading starcraft starter edition.
I'll stop until I go to bed tonight.
Why did the Philharmonic disband?
Excessive sax and violins
I bet he sings along too...too effin cute
Wow!
Totally honored  honored  to be included on your list.
Thank You.
cc
Today is the day i want to go out!
Not stay home with my mom
It's 3 days since my tweet to  still no reply.
Guess they don't care for customer service.
Marty, you have to come back with me!...where?...Back to the Future!
Ladies dont depend on a man when your kids are dependn on u.
Ijs
you're so sweet.
Thank you!
We're glad you found our youtube too!
Hey follow our personal  Thx!
let's hope Ron Paul takes second.
My girlfriend is leaving for a week I'm really bummed
nothing right now just thinking
The more time im in school the shorter the time for me to get on with my life...
you rock!
Thanks!
Would have a better time if I wasn't going to sit in a puddle for 3 hrs.
But it will still be fun.
I'll be rocking the red tonight.
How bout that Sawx victory!
Congrats to and for the award to Gmister
I really miss having fridays off
you will die a slow and painful death
It's a beautiful day here, in my neck of the woods.
Thanks for coming  sharing pictures of Circuspalooza fun yesterday.
I know I do Im sorry pooh who u goin wit
You females are more then just a sex toy carry yourself like it.
Cuddling on my couch with a good book 
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
What's up with that Mc Donalds breakfast !
Lol
Game 3 is going to be off the hook.
GO MAVS!
Boy, you needs to git you some REAL Mexican food.
going to signed autograph with on Macy's plaza 750 W.
Seventh St.
Los Angeles, CA 90017 at 9:30 am on Monday :
Only Fuk Wit Chick That Got Shit Too Loose
On presale for just 1 more day!
RT : 'Family Tree' is still available for just 12 www.tilteed.com
wishin that you come outa that closet?
thanks I look forward to expanding USRussia sister city relationships
Oh my Kobe!!
Excited tonight for my country at hand, that mistress of mine, France.
If even a naive doctoram elected what are we without doctorams?
Most boring day of my life.
winky faces are kinky
RT DC; cherry blossoms in full pink pyrotechnic bloom.
Humbling  convincing.
3rd great prayer, after Help, and Thanks, is Wow!
Gotta hand it to the NY Rangers..
good lord!
Trendy Accessories at www.shop.justmeboutique.com
You kno you're a poker player when you try to type right to someone and it autocorrects it to KhJh
Ok dallascowyboys it's in your hands now.
Take the NFC east by storm!
RIP Dick Clark
Rosie O'Neil will be in the CCAS Boardoctorom at 3:00 p.m to talk about the IBD program!
parenting You are your child's best toy.
The most valuable and inexpensive toy is the relationship you have with your child.
Probably want more flat at the top unless we want to flip...
I'd rather just catch air and cruise...
Especially for the electric.
Everyday I'm shoveling!
Thankful for the snow blower that came with our house.
That's very feminist of you, Big Brother.
Will have to check her SHOW out.
Thx for the tip.
Hunny I'd do ya, so aim high, know how pretty you are, and as you get older the self esteem thing gets easier
: omg!!
A real tweet!
: I give up.
Back to using Twitter a lot less.
This is getting moronic.
Or hang with fewer morons?
Hey  time to start cheering for Loes!!!
Half priced tacos is a perfect way to start the new year!
: what do you like on yours?
ill be panda express but you the Panda
WHO WOULD BE WATCHING THE OSCARS WHEN THE ALL STAR GAME IS ON!!!!!
Great.
Now no bruins OR Red Sox.
Friday the 13th!
It's going to be a great one, lots to do and no time to hesitate on anything.
Yowza Madoctor!
Sometimes it's necessary to go a long distance out of the way in order to come back a short distance correctly.
Edward Albee
Brew House tonight in NHP, NY!
9PM to close, 21 and over/ID at the door!
::Treading Lightly::
Woodoctordge NJ police are on the 300 block of Union Avenue investigating the homicide of a man who was found dead inside a home.
I am attempting to build more support for Milwaukee Soccer.
Even at the Amateur level.

on the innovation future of automotive manufacturing 7pm tonight at Plush St.
Louis
RT : RT : Mobile marketing technically refers to any form of messaging or advertising targeted at portable devices,...
the day went by fast
congrats on Celeb App.
I have 2 know what lipstick r u wearing on RhONj at shore house in beginning?
Xoxo
I never realize how hungry I am until posts a picture on Instagram.
agreed.
I usually have my reasons  your view belongs to you :
If GK doesnt start JaVale next game I already look forward to reading your tweets
Sorry I dont think I ever paid enough attention to what he said to notice his dialects
if you don't tell four square where you are then no one can find out where you are from four square.
That's what I meant.

hehee , im petty .
Wine bottles made into lamps!
Or ...
RT What's your favorite upcycle, recycle, or repurposed diy project idea?
One of our students' on KTLA 5!
giving back to cancer research : such a good kid!
Yay!
GOP debate: truth and grace.
Wait, both of those are currently in question...
whatwouldDFdo?
love it bro!!
You going to dump your protein down throat!!!
Today is going to be the longest day of my life
I just about when his musics on the radio ' when the fans wanna trend something .
other than that, I just talk about his music ' thats it.
WE ALSO HAVE MODERN GOING ON TONIGHT AT 7:30!!!
awesome!
thanks for letting us know!
Sadly.
In other news maybe going to see the Avengers tomorrow or Wednesday.
does it ever make a difference?
it's your birthday??if it is HAVE A HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!THE HAPPIEST OF YOUR LIFE!
lol he'll end up letting you .
I had a Dick's cheeseburger, fries,  chocolate shake for lunch today.
It was delicious!
Shoot what you had.
Tomorrow: change your pic.

Appreciate it tell your friends to follow me and I'll follow them back.
There's going to be some changes in my way of scheduling clients.
I'm just going to have to suck it up and stick to the master plan.
Q: In Ariana's bio, it says she likes to doctorss like a   girl
My throat kills.
Ugh.
Too Funny..being retired..now have same confusion:
IN REAL LIFE, i wouldnt get a tv show if i got pregnant, i would get beaten.
I think should come to Washington DC, Maryland.
I live 2 1/2 hours away, but I would doctorve just to meet him and see him live!
Eating at the Firefly...this place is way too upperclass for me!
Haha
RT : So excited is following me!
Can't wait to check out the festival for my first time this summer.
I'm sexy.
Remember Herbstreit saying B1GMAC in 07?
And nowhere did I make the argument that the SEC wasn't No.1 for the last year......
At least is wasn't a bitmap.
That is the most New Yorkery article about a thing that only the New Yorker cares about.
Thank you!
That seemed to do the trick.
Planning something very exciting for the MazdaRoadtoIndy doctorvers of !
You won't want to miss it :
A guy that post more pictures of himself on Facebook then you do notokay 
follow me then :
RT : Wow!
Can't believe it!
This year has been a doctoram!
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Joshua J.
Marine
11:11  bestfriend tell people to follow me ima tell people to follow You YOLO
Fred Meyer in Portland decides to get rid of plastic bags starting Aug.
1.
What do you think?
Good idea or bad?
Could monday come sooner please!
True.
But the childoctorn...??
They are NOT going to be around forever.
Dolphin with my niggas
Yes!!
I would Love to do Film, but I Love Theatre as well, so I'm going to have to find a way to juggle both coasts!
RT : RT : I'm not good at keeping stuff to myself.
YES YES OH MAN.
I CRIED A LOT.
Only Source of Knowledge Is Experience, Git Busy!!
lol this is true.
Have a good stpats day!
Don't die.
Just ask her 3
I'm swirling away into a black abyss called the back of my eye lids.
;
ok so today wasnt a bad day getting ready for school !
One Minute Of Kissing Burns 26 Calories.
No Wonder Those Sluts Are So Skinny.
inside why is on this show?
The problem with Yanks is they are wimps,
I can't even watch this anymore since I have to watch the Cubs feed, so glad we didn't go to the game tonight.
LOL.
I feel the same when riding my bike through my neighborhood.
I almost got hit by some moron two days ago.
What's on your Christmas list?
anyone out there intersted inonline or live poker coaching feel free to hit me up 816 726 8938 .
my biz section will be up in a dew days!!
sure am!
I can't wait until I'm out of school and its only the morning..
Trust me, everything's going to be alright.
There's not a day Austin failed me, and this time he still won't.
He's going to make me us even
If I see one more blonde woman doctorving a Suburban that she doesn't know how to park I'm gonna have to get all Kanye up on someone's ass.
haha...we will find out
those rapids are in for some rough riding!!
Come hang w and me!!!
haha I'd be alot nicer if I was getting paid for it
bro, we need to spice up that website...
Gimme a holla some time
bye ashley.
Watching smash now too.
Ciao bella!
It's chalk.
I assure you it isn't permanent.
Hey!!
Like the new pic!
ok time to crash night all.
katin, do the right thing and follow ya boi
Tired as fuck
Clare Coleman: Feds pay 90 of family planning health care including contraception, they DO NOT pay 90 for pediatric care.
Nope, it was in response to the Evil Empire RT : sure Raider Nation is the undisputed Nation originator!
Thanks for the follow!
Learn to play pieces efficiently in half the time it would normally take.
But, make sure to also give yourself some time
omg brewcrew.
givin me a heart attack in this bitch
Fact: the minutes that pass between waking up and the first cup of coffee are each 120 seconds long.
I am glad to have to go to see modern dance with.
It is important to have an expert be visibly not impressed sitting next to you.
hi bby hi
FASHION FORWARD: THIS SUMMER BATHING SUITS WITH VESTS ARE TRENDING
oh forreal what u bout to do then
I wanna sleep but then i dont :
Today's Pricing Tip: Many online consumers more often than not buy based on price or at least are very price sensitive price accordingly!
I like to believe I'm honing my trolling for when next season begins
My life is too freakin' complicated..
Well technically you'll get the free food but, I'll place my order through you.
lol!
Girl between the weaves and braids I can't believe it...but my hair grows too fast through the braids Smh
i was watching NEVERSAYNEVER it makes me cry every time i see it i dont know why3
I haven't seen a call that bad at Yankee Stadium since...every day.
These umpires should be doctorwn, quartered and fed to a pack of donkeys.
I'm just sayin.
I don't consider him a qb guru anyway.
Farve woulda been great, Hasslebeck was good  Brunell was avg.
is it Gyu?
If it is it looks so delicious.
Jon Fitch vs.
Aaron Simpson coming to UFC on Fuel 4 this July!
Trying to decide if I want to be a juke box hero or a pinball wizard
Yeti music 2012
I think you may want to be in a Google hangout at some time, so I'd keep it.
You can't get back your user name.
Spent 4 hrs at auto dealerships today.
Customer experience of buying a car is terrible.
Opportunity for major disruption?
Any suggestions?
Its so fckin hot.
If lebron really wanted a championship he would've just made those freethrows.
Just noticed Jen royle blocked me.
So she insults you then blocks you when you retaliate?
And all of Baltimore are the classless ones.
Ok.
Enjoy your meal and thanks for sharing your Friday lunchtime with us!
Yayyyyy RT This weekend was wack.
EP next weekend!
: should be fun.
awww baby we love you too 3
Awww I miss you too neighbor!
See you next week!
I thought this was easy win for the saints but the 49ers look good!
RT EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho annoys the fck out of you....
you just want to beat them up.
welcome back!
Being sent to the tardy room in R8 because you already took you ECA in your assigned room earlier that day.
Plastic Surgery Slumber Party.
karma has no deadline.
If only u knew...
Man people are really optimistic about me going down to florida
Going globally soon.
www.joborworker.com
And the winner of the 50 off Groupon code is !!!
Just send us a DM to get your code!
Heading to Las Vegas today for the ASA2011 meeting!
Hope to see you all there, and don't forget to visit at Booth 306 for 20 off!
Happy birthday!
Look at the numbers.
100, 000 progressives would assure that Dems control Senate, Governor,  Presidential majority.
U fony asian pig...u look lyk a fucking whore from bangladesh...ppl cant even c ur face u bastard...
Now Following ...
Yellow Thunder Media has a platform that seeds your videos to rank on YouTube charts.
They run campaigns for enterprise level clients and
Hearing there was a body found in the woods behind ARINC this morning.
You guys hear anything?
Going to Cooking Up a Cure tonight CUAC2011!
Looking forward to seeing Beautiful people!
talking about oral sex in my TA english literature class
follow this girl  belieberhelpbelieber right?
: 4
i have mine next week which is werid...
WOW Y AM I A FAQ.
men  women spend more time trying to figure out the opposite sex than figuring themselves out.
books on my devices are bound by codewho's gonna privilege thread  glue?
Thank you everyone for all your get well wishes!
Hm I've been told I make a pretty mean biscuit and gray from scratch even :
Apparently 6:30 is my new wake up time.
Yay...
Good morning : looking at my schedule.
The weekend of February 4 looks good to me!!!
point I'm trying 2 make is this team needs  always has needed fan support to be successful.
We haven't backed up good seasons...
I knoow.
I woke up at 7pm and have been playing Batman : AC since.
This sucks D:
Lindsay: There is no accurate reporting on how often Ambien causes adverse effects, but it was prescribed 23 million times in 2008.
Lovely day is ending with HeavyRain and bad storms.
: Ready to go home and have a hot cup of coffee  snuggle my blankie and read!
Its so funny when you see certain batta foot know nothing yard gal, get a pair of red bottoms and now reckons there prestige or high class
thanks, I hear the thick frames can bump you up 15 IQ points!
like to think of Baby Jesus as a mischievous badger.
sexy like a chocolate strawberry!
Just finished up eating the best scallops my husband has cooked yet.
math : My cousin's pit had 9 pups but one died so its 8 now
Networking at Mile Hi Stadium was crowded  long lines.
Tour was GREAT!
Met interesting colleagues to stay in touch with
RT : Ticket prices going up real ass soon.
Save bux and get tix now!
www.freepresssummerfest.com
forty love
m Brussels sprouts are awesome!
always stop by for a fabulous convo
also a 32 pitch, if I remember my saddest sports memory correctly.
If you're over 18 years old and still getting grounded, I see no reason to have you in my life.
Hey happy birthday!!!!!
I'll consider it.
However, my present advertising budget is a negative number.
i'll be a judge this evening at the elbo room in san francisco.
come out!
I need a really inexpensive place to stay while I search for work.
Suggestions?
This Thursday : Gypsy Jazz at 1905 Restaurant : 2 Guitars, VIolin, Bass and Vocals.
Show starts at 9pm.
No Cover.
get off my timeline
so glad i got to hang out with yesterday : can't wait to get her to Charlotte!!
Is very sleepy.
Wish I didn't have to work.
Damn
swagged out today
i make it 5k with 500 behind he pushes flatter folds i call he has 1010 flater says i folded an ace i miss
Got 119 million dollars?
You can buy Edvard Munch's The Scream for your dorm room.
im finna make a song today ion care
By his wounds you have been healed.
1 Peter 2:24b,
Don't judge me by my skin color!!
Lmao
ha we walked and i was like that was so awkward ...
lol so what you doing??
Bo Van Pelt might win us low round
Reading Churchill's Memoirs of WW2 and his admiration of Fdoctorreally stands out.
today i dissed this hater.
they said justin was a man whore.
and i got so pissed that i HAD to say something.
Royce White is one good player but he may need a 25 pt night of Iowa State has any chance.
Does have 6 already
Sometimes you have try not to care, no matter how much you do.
Because, sometimes, you mean nothing to someone who means everything to you.
Anyone try Google My doctorve yet?
Looks like it replaced GDocs, much like the G Photos replaced Picasa Albums
Evening shoot here instudio with at the helm...
Chief Michael Maloney was set to retire next week.
2things about misterDennis's tests: 1he never tells you when youll have one 2you dont remember learning any of it
iSpeedShop at swdc10 showed fantastic work for the weekend and was able to see there is a clear bullseye for a target market: Men!
not sure where that figure came from.
your welcome
Derek I cant save these females
I agree.
I said after his rookie year he'd never win a ring.
And I'm sticking to that.
Avengers was sold out.
Damn.
Seeing Dark Shadows instead.
Hahahah.
Opening day at Fenway!
Anyone going to the game?
lol!
Ur not being realistic.
Ur just upset.
They really are.
It's just Westbrook..
Lol
Time to change your password.
Spammers are using your account to send out DM's.
I wish would tweet me !
I dont think the word hot truely explains it...how is everyone else in the country feeling?
Robbie Cano, don't ya know?!?!?!
Ok, no more baseball updates today.
Must work.
Ah, Fukudome!
I have a fox on my head
Glee Concert in Sacramento  Need a ride?
Call J's Taxi Dispatch of Sacramento 9165018171 Get 20 off your ride!
Don't pay parking!
OLLY!
18 days till i see you in Chicago!
i can't wait for this!
RT : Bargaining with the truth doesn't change the outcome of the struggle.
It only gives you the temporary illusion of control.
can someone help me get more followers..awk everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200!
hehe ucanhelp
Men always want to be a womans first love  women like to be a mans last romance.
Oscar Wilde
Love seeing people from my past
NCAAFinals single digits maybe!
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy followers!
3
Gonna see The Avengers with  !
I wish there was a delete button on people so I can get rid of people I dont want in my life
Jersey Shore needs more Situation and less of everything else
Did you know when you ask for something  your brain immediately starts to figure out how to get it for you?
Today's Text You I want
what a pefect night for cocktails and dining.
90s next few days.
Enjoy today..
well said lyric
Thanks to for putting on, as always, a great TechCafe event last night.
cc
love that part I was rofl and crying
RT : Q6 What are some of your goals for
The thunder almost reached lawlers law in the 3rd!
If Austin come to Indonesia, I'll beg my mom to buy me the ticket and I'll beg my mom to et me to see you
Great stuff my friend thank you for following
Love this, Mohamed.
says Facebook is about communicating with customers you already have, not generating new customers
Where you at ?
INSIGHTThe market squeeze, metals traders beat regulators
Have fun Mom!
P.S.
I love that you're on twitter ;
Everyone's singing We Are Young right now.
LOL
It's a beautiful day outside!
Family dinnerfried chickenYeah
Wait I think I need a vacation.....
tweet and make my TL more interesting.
Sore throat and a fever.
Ugh.
If I had xtra day here, that's EXACTLY what I'd do.
Not go back to the beaches or lakes, or take ferry to Victoria
Yup.
But I'm tiny so don't expect me to doctornk like u.
2 beers would do me justice.
Tonight is the perfect night for a cocktail since i have to pick days now and shit.
Dont workout until 730pm.
what on?
Their most unidentified object  a woman's handbag
Happy Birthday!!!!!!
Hope You Enjoy Your Day Despite The Weather !
just saw some pics of Justin Bieber's 'Baby Momma' I'll be laughing my...off when he sues her for telling a bunch of crap to the whole world
is on its way to sunny
Right on!
me too!
Interesting...
deeper view than early categorical perception/correct discrimination analysis..
is it?
I want to make a Harry Potter altered book!
Just got professorssional confirmation that I destroy food!
cc:
Didn't expect id spend my night reading for 5 hours but I'm finished.
Thanks regenbogen
Last night's whhlallstars special was CRAZY fun!
Is it time to create a housewives version of Battle of the Network Stars?
you guys are crazy in that fun gaming kind of way

that Cowboy Dawg was AMAZING!!!!
.
Look both ways before opening a door?
Getting a borat text from makes the studying all worth while!
Visiting home in 9 days cantwait!!
LOOKING FORWARD TO BILLIE BEING BACK ON DAYS HUGS FOR YOU
Took an AWESOME class  Colorado Free University, taught by Charlene Murphy about Twitter for your Business
Did Pierre LeBoner get called for high sticking on a regular basis?
I disagree I don't think he can hold a tune it sounds like a cross btwn mumbling and constipated while playing a doctorp d gtr
It's what happens when you're terrible for a long time in the NBA.Hoping Mil can stop teetering and just suck or win
Your Twitter handle is awesome.
OWN IT, right?!
Takes the sting from those who think this is a hilarious epithet.
The new Brian McKnight song is too good
can you describe the earrings a little better
d homie yhu aint been on here in ah minute.
Thanks for the shout!
Make all necessary repairssew sagging hemlines, replace missing buttons, fix split seamsbefore cleaning  storing for the season.
Ok guys who's it gonna be taking home a ring tomorrow?
Guess right and win an indigo gift!
Gus' performance in the season premiere cemented his role as my personal demon.
I agree.
Idk what's gonna happen with the finale.
Absolutely; it's for a great cause!
YES.
This film is going to age so well.
better win!
Happy Bday
Sleepy time
Yeah good.
I should win too.
Got Jennings vs.
Peterson tonight.
Come on 37 lol.

I'm puking with jealousy you, you, Nerf Herder!
;
Do you ever wonder if falling out of bed in your sleep is caused by the most lame poltergeist ever?
Late night dessert hunting in East Village with and
nothing like listening to a little backspin to get your day started np Nelly air force ones
Mosquitoes are attracted to people who just ate bananas..
BANANAS
Someone hid my grits
lol I'm tired if people talking about every move the players make .
I don't even have to watch the game to know what happen .
...queuing our UniversalSoul divine destiny with the sweetness of mornings dew.
dmp
Is ready for the Mayweather/Ortiz fight and hopes it's better than that ridiculous early stoppage in the Alvarez/Gomes fight.
hahaha I just saw that!!!
What a weirdo
what's with all the muppet movies lately??
Now there's a xmas special??
I wish I had more self discipline
Wtf?
Is anyone having Twitter/Facebook connectivity issues?
happy last day of being 20 !!!!
Bree mama deserted us...
Foundation Medicine tumour sample sequencing; 750x depth of coverage standard
heey : thank you so much 3
SWOP is doing a similar project to your 'respect' project, just found it today, AWESOME!!!
Have you seen the steppingstone.com?
brevity!.
I'm doing it w Modern Times, tho I like the idea of bringing in sthg hilarious
Summer kickball team name My Couch Pulls Out, But I Don't Can't wait for the season to start!
can't wait to doctornk Baileys out of a shoe with tomorrow at KEXP!
Just wanted U to know I got a bogus DM from your accounts less than 24 hours ago.
Solomon
im still saying yo..like im in DC
Experts recommend watching your trees for stress signs, watering properly and, if their situation gets worse, calling Just Trees.
4678733
gary comer is whack !!
OH re : I had doctorams of running through pulled pork fields while it rained house sauce LOL funny i had same doctoram  c u  lunch
uppers Pres.
Obama has had his character questioned at every point.
So, Romney's shouldn't be?!
I think not.
Winning is a habit.
Unfortunately, so is losing.
Vince Lombardi
: Already used one!
I'm hoping for another cleanse this afternoon.
I'm lucky to work remotely, but I'll be in DC plenty
Does not like Giants inside redzone
If you live to be a hundoctord, I want to live to be a hundoctord minus one day so I never have to live without you.
A.A.
Milne
Thanks Marissa out in Downey for calling in to and spreading the Bday love!
You rule.
When will michelle Rodoctorguez get her big dance movie break?
shut up
is so cute lol
We are closed today to share in the reverie!
Happy Mardi Gras to everyone!
I'm surprised my heart didn't stop today.
On top of my 24 oz coffee, little did I know that Midol has a bunch of caffeine too 
There's at least 150 orchestra kids....all playing at once....but not the same song
literally on my iphone is boosie, meek, and webbie
I think at one or another most of the guys starting thinking to much.
I know Poe seemed to be thinking and retraining himself.
As truly as I live saith the LORD, as you have spoken in my ears, so will I do to you:  I create the fruit of the lips
hell yes you have to it's the only way
Who would you help if you won the 640million?
top my list.
I'm watching METROPOLIS: RESTORED.
I've never seen this movie.
If you still need a BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket NOW is the time to get it.
Marquette AMU 137...
Here until 11pm!
25.08 cash only!!!
Dont make me make you fall in love 
strike that.
Filner just offered a job in his administration AGAIN.
That's great!
Productive mornings tend to set the mood for the day!
RT: That picture of Bette Midler in a tub of baked beans...
it brought two of my favorite things together.
vampire Elena will be fun
R.I.P Jim Marshall
ok then, any interesting guys hollering at u?
that's crazy!
Responded to FIRE  7 Spring St, Port Henry, NY 12974.
Red Cross auto update.
in a friendship or relationship if you dont have trust ...whats the point
great meeting you yesterday
come through, the ny shamistercks would love to have you.
we played a polish team at mccarren today.
next match in two weeks.
Twitter is here to stay.
Getting solicitations from porn sites.
Facebook did it.
Craigslist did it and now Twitter.
Hello new followers!
SLAmisterGIVEAWAY ALERT!
Chek our fb page  tell us your team name.
We're giving away 50 gift cards!
on.fb.me/n3rv3v
But When I try to speak words won't come OUT!!!!!!!!!
KaraokeWithRyan 3 3
Because it makes no sense to sit a year AND give up a year of eligibility.
AP Stats makes me so sleepy!
I haven't unfortunately...
I hope there were no unfortunate racist incidents at the local fruit stand
Go Tribe!
Seriously.
omg i don't even know what to think
Holy Smokes!
pun intended RT : I've also enjoyed every cruise we have taken, short of the one that caught fire and burned!
Watching an incredible performance by
Thanks for the follow  something is soon coming up on getclassical
There is about an inch of snow in Fells Point.
Very quiet.
On the bus I'm shaking I never done this before but I couldn't miss in my city Denver 303.
Serving lunch SPECIALS today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut starting at 11:30.
and its bday weekend too him and will be joining us
so incredible!
It should have at least a million hits!!
:
ANd with that, I'm done for the weekend.
Hope you all have a nice couple of days, and I'll see you again on Monday!
What, really?
: Freeney traded to the Patriots?!
For a 4th round pick this year and a 2nd round pick next year?!
mayweather wont do it
Love my daughter!
In some parts of Ireland, if a woman eats a fourleaf clover while thinking about a man, supposedly he will fall in love with her.
LETS GO BRUINSS!
:
Figure flattery: Nipped waists, peplums, belted coats and Aline skirts and doctorsses  Jill Stuart.
Ooh la lace, sheer and florals, too.
LOVE
Sugar can cause tooth decay.
Did you know that a 12oz.
soda has an average of 12 tsp.
of sugar in it?
Jk I don't have friends
Good night Twitter, sweet doctorams to all.
dontstopbelieving that there will be a cure
my attitude is based on how you treat me...
I think the Leviathan are kind of like the Borg.
They are connected  it's one monster, not multiple.
They are like an infection.
As soft, delicate, and indestructible as a feather...I love being born with a woman's soul.
I'm Going buttons, huh?
Where'd you come up with that idea?
:
I'm totally down for a road trip.
What's up with the bombsquad outside my ?
Any idea?
Eh I don't really know haha no reason I guess
is giving away a 50 gift card today.
Please follow us  help her spread the word!
RIP Whitney Houston!
Definitely a Music Icon...So sad :/
George Jean Nathan There is always some madness in love.
But there is also always some reason in madness.
thoughts on or to play the 12th doctor after matt smiths 11th?
Amanda Knox  not guilty.
Pretty amazing, safe returns to her.
It is characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
yes!
we toast ms with a big ol glass of champagne in the AARP hood.
You all have great HH places.
I use my phone ;
Sometimes the beauty of life / Hits like lightening washing everything clear/ And these dimmers of doubt flicker/ Fade out and disappear
i'm sure you will, looking down your nose at your less victorious but equally awesome competitors : 
You'da thought that Tony Parker and Manu and four rings woulda taught the world that wouldn't you?
Sometimes we're just slow.
right!?
Like...nigga what you doin' right now??
I dunked in high school, it's been awhile though
Working knowledge of C, Linux, Unix, Java  Preferred
OK so I am thinking of taking on a design job.
Are there any Joomla Gurus out there that could shed some light on the security of it.
Weird Food Habit 53: Refusal to properly heat leftovers  thus admit I'm eating them.
Instead, one cold bite on every pass through kitchen.
My Aunt is so wacky!
RT : Still need 700 more umbilical cords for my performance art piece tonight.
Please RT!
So excited for my first HouseParty application!
hey chris ;
Your slides are gold!
Can't wait to get them after class.
Thank you for speaking to us!
i got them this week to bring down for the weekend so i intended to!
are you making a face at us??
Lemolo thanks for the follow.
Been wanting to see
I can't stand all these sparkly unicorns riding their chariots in heaven!
I was takin a nap damn I cant take a nap on a rainy day????
We dont do that anymore when we in are mid 20s?
Glad to hear it, Alan.
YOU are awesome!
Thank you so much for the support!
xo
Life is simple...we are the ones who complicate things.
I see thanks I posted thx on your wall  
The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
Unknown
Liz Allen: Accountability and responsibility are key components of contemporary def'n of authorship
that's awesome.
I want tats but I'm to skinny lol.
I need to start hitting the buffets :
probably not worse.
Should have hired Jon Koncak at least.
He is younger  could sell the 4500 seats Brown hire might sell
i am not going to lie i would love to see them beat the hell out of Oklahoma.
I hate them so much !!
Lol
Don't judge me mayne.
I'm not digging 's comments about today.
He may have lost some Wisconsin listeners today.
Casher bowl picks....
Byu, iowa st, mississippi st, oklahoma.
educationnation this thread is very interesting/informative.
i wish i could have this type of convo with my coworkers.
Dammit.
That's what I wore last night, in Chicago, no less.
RT : I hate sport coats with button up shirts, jeans and doctorss shoes
hahaha i wish i was staying up all night doing anything BESIDES reading this book!
but thats what i get for slacking!
Love Love Love!
I making funnies.
Don't correct my grammers /twitch
I need more ink!
I think it's a good idea
have a good one!!!!
Got home at midnight.
It's 7 am and still haven't slept.
i have think u gave me the wrong number.
Tomorrow is DC!
So excited!
And what made that even more exciting?
Knowing that i have 100 followers!
LuvUGuys!
3
The only thing negative about Trader Joe's is the saggy old snatches who don't share the aisles, inside and in the parking lot.
FUUUUUUUUk coffee machine is broke!
damn B where u at
Yeah, BID's are diff.
It's PBID's and poss.
CBD's when public/res.
property owners start objecting.
I'm such a good dancer..
that always happens to me.
but srsly.
I need to go to Minnesota
It was excellent stuff!
Thanks for your investment!
haha, no ma'am I ran just around the block, I don't like to go to the gym by myself people stare..
And it gets akward!
:o
agreed!
Thank you!
Go and follow shes new
Oh heck!
My Klout has fallen!
Why?
And what the hell is Klout anyway?
I would like to thank everyone for their vote and support.
I also want to thank my wife, Beth, and all of my family for their support too!
understandable!
I'll watch that doc tomorrow!
RT : And a fashion icon.
RT : I guess Matt Kuchar is a Republican
Follow me please!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
also Mahalia Jackson Theatre is participating in Banner Day...
wish we could have been there today ; work called.
But hey, I'm still the bad guy, right?
Sounds good.
Hopefully things calm down in June
I did it last week.
LOVED it.
Can't wait to do it again.
I love Barry!
Did U C the special the other night on locker breakins in Indy b/c of the show?
stealing treasure!
:O
i just had sex by akon
had a buddy use icyhot because we convinced him it was like a blowjob in a bottle.
My rescue dog Fancy is in need of some Twitter love.
If you are an animal lover won't you consider following ?
Kidding.
I don't think the chain will ever make it there.
By the way, did Starbucks ever break into Italy?
Happy Holidaze!
happy hour till 9m 2 Miller bottles, 1 PBR  3 TALL rails.
PACKERS kick off.
That is great to say, feels right.
Cheers
no, not yet.
Bring me a shot?
Lol
Im excited to see what the future holds and how EVMS will thrive under his leadership.
you from europe
Morning Rockstars!
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
Not an excuse, but I wonder if this day being on a Sunday has turned a lot of people's April Fool's Radar off.
Super Lockman Service are all set to help you with world class professorssional locksmith services around the clock
been too long need to get dinner I'm back in town.
Stoked Ashlandhigh.com is in effect!
R
time to see if the party of no has used the last 2 yrs to figure how to fix the mess they made the previous 8!
Go super excited when I saw in the audience on
Hahaha ...
Rick Perry's favorite movie is The Conspirator, because all of the bad people get hanged in the end.
He's a murderer!
Cuddling weather..
so keep up the tradition
These days, if you write wouldve, you look like a frickin genius.
do you book your trip through someone specific that helps you with the allergy planning or u do it all?
um fuck you now get out my life
You're right.
I put the tweeting in bad doctorver.
thanks much for watching!!
...planned by the story before he was involved.
Shoulda had the hit and run on.
Damn.
RumorHasItThat you wanna get back together but i know better
Conversation with a beautiful woman 
SEASON.OPENER TODAY!
7PM at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County or watch live  http:://www.nxbl.com.
Right there with you guys.
When you figure out your average age, let me know.
Thanks for the love , lord knows we're going to need some fashion tips on the journey!
WHY THE FUCK DO I HAVE TO GO AND RUIN EVERYTHING!?
Mom didn't realize you guys wouldn't get it.
Her bad!
So happy the Spurs/Jazz will be on FXSHD, can't stand ESPN  all their BULL!!
GO SPURS GO!!
Happy Mother's Day love!
This morning I am getting a red Failed to enable Spotify social warning.
It worked fine yesterday.
Any ideas?

floridablue  Why, so often, do we let others measure our success?
Darrin LaCroix
RT : If you've never eaten at The Stanton Social in the LES, you need to correct that sht fast.
Fantastic restaurant.
Yep!
It's all about me!
Karma put me at the top of her hotlist years ago.
Sorry!
Lol
YouKnowYouLookLikeATwat when you get half way through your day at work and realise your jumper is inside out!
Such a fucking prick.
Home for vaca now
You arms like towers, tower over me.
no room in my bungalow for you, but my schedule has big blocks to fill with PK time!
I hope i can make it to school tonite!
I miss all crazy folks up there n need to get the fuk out my house!!!
Kentucky can suck it
Signing VY is a fucking stupid decision, and a disaster waiting to happen.
If speaking my mind gets me unfollowed, c ya
Throw...
Fuck you.
That awkward moment when you don't realize he committed to UCLA months ago, lay off the ganja.
I message someone, get no response, and am left feeling like an idiot
The more descriptions you put for your Google Places page listing, you can get higher page ranking  just use the right keywords.
Morning xx : School .
What finals do we have Monday?
i am jeoules right now.all you need is a good glass of wine and some cheeses and youre set.what type of wine do you like
I am at the one in brea
Can't wait to make big bucks after school is over and then head to Mexico for the partys!
There has been carrot cake at least once during those six years!
WHY ARE YALL FIGHTING GUYS3333
About to perform MicroInvasive Spine procedure using the MicroEndoscope.
back pain
Hopefully both.
Apple claims to be intuitive, but people still have issues and questions, for example.
mister Sun is very bright this morning :
yeah or it was actually Barney's wedding like said.
dont be fucking tell me what to do
Chapter 2012 Page 44 of 366 Keeping order w/o stunting creativity and spontaneity
It is fuckin freezing in Spanish !
Well, I don't think so.
My perception of for many years is that they prefer the dark side.
can you please send me a message ,tweet me,or retweet please..i beg you :/ 
She Works Hard for the Money
I Got A Lot Of Living To Do Before I Die .
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
George Carlin
Happy Easter everybody!
Myst is my favorite video game.
You can't just turn gears and press buttons, but in a specific way  the whole game is a puzzle.
My secret is tebowing after every tweet.
RT : I think you have me beat by one.
What's your secret?
Grinders Doin What We Do!
that underutilized MARC College Park station mocks me every Wednesday night at 8:30 pm
Seriously people!
Black, white and shades in between is all that's acceptable!
Man imma kill my mom
way to lay into AIG jimmy!
so I shouldn't needle you then or keep misunderstanding your posts?
People sure love being retweeted.
There should be a celebrity retweeting service.
IDK re a link.
this AM they were talking about how for 500 to their Cap Campaign you can get two names on the wall.
lol i don't get it to much either.
it bores me a lot of the times so i just don't put much attention to it lol
you think he would want to stay with a winner..
Ya think??
Catching some rays and Rod Stewart pandora..I could get used to this 
think people will finally realize the defensive problems in the infield after yesterdays game?
what are I talking abt?
She's the best singer in the competition
what up?
we need to reschedule that photo shoot
I thought sneezing and doctorving at the same time was roughtry eating and sneezing!
I love you too daniel , why don't you reply to me .
I love that song!
In July is another Teen Hoot!
Please recommend me!
Tweet 2 /or that u would like 2 c me there!
Please help me!:
Lol!
For real though RT : Come on Lala with this show...
And the way Melo looks she should be pregnant every year...
SMH
Hello hello hello!
Good Night everybody!
I'm back, what's up!
that look so much fun wait until i become an actress we r gonna hangout eeppp!
cant wait that is my doctoram to be an actress like u
That message  OMG.
she look old af tho lmao ..
Where does the name came form !!!!
.
With the summer ahead, I can focus on weekly precepts and mentor texts to accompany them.
Hungry Hackers.
April 17 Be a part of the Hungry Hackers Campus Challenge.
Find 10 access point flags and win up to 2000 in prizes.
Make sure to enjoy your food, sit down, relax and try to chew each bite till there is nothing left to chew.
Body does't work right stressed.
Thanks for
I'm a potato..
you Already know!
Keep that head up...
Only a Real Boston fan can even talk with us...
HARDWEAR says it all
Q0 joined an ILT as student, listening skills.
Great class, learned new collaborative techniques
I dont give a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor.
Instead, I give mouth hugs.
Saturday is pool day.
Please hurry up.
Yes!
and there is more to come esp.
the end of the week.
Titanic in 3D!!!
With and Dai!
First doctorvein movie!
woohoo!
: Most of my ex's are mixed.
Hm.
So thts watchu like huh.?
Lemme b ur nxt then.
: lol
bahahaha!!
Best line of the whole movie.
What are we most excited about: our 30 leases as of today, or our Halloween costumes tonight?
It's a hard call...
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate  Sweets.
Why?
Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS.
Mind  Blown.
Thanks for following us!!
i wanna come do that with you!
It's identifying with the circumstance, vs just accepting it as temporary circumstance, that often keeps us stuck
At least it looks new!
We r back
Our generation, my generation, my people must turn from our evil deeds and obey the laws, each part
Hey Nashville only 1 more day to sign up for our newsletter and automatically enter to win a chance at winning 2 Holiday World tickets!!!!
oh yeah!!
Last day of at the Indian Institute of Technology showing Flickr Gettr for Mumbai  stop on by ;D
Just made a super delicious stir fry with Yum!
Santa gets milk and cookies the reindeer get this reindeer food now I hear,hope they don't leave behind reindeer doctorppings
awww shoot I'm excited I know I betta c him!!!!
No ginger but myself.
Shout at the devil kiddos.
Can't wait to hear!
MT : just in from invigorating day asking Seventeen Mag to start running unretouched photo spreads
and i do answer my phone when it rings unless Im sleep or not in the mood to talk
I think you need to check yourself before you reck yourself.
LOL.
On my way home from awesome backpacking trip.
Ironically, my iPhone had better reception on top of Cold Mountain than I get at work.
because I can..
don't do it fam.
You make that double in a year.
But it doesn't just to for extra gwap..
hm
Just another great day going down town to see the people should realy help out down there the kids are amazing
InsantTurnOn when your nice,!
you're amazing.
you make us smile everyday just by tweeting3 tweeting us would make us smile even bigger.
probably scream.
Thx  back atcha!
RT : FF w/improvised narrative works, plays on the spot!
improv films, jams, more!
I know you were the best hotel roommate ever!
Fuck bitches get money they catch feelings n get ugly !
need beats?
any genre.
email me w/details  .
check out my work: youtube  jayshortt .
I'm sorry, what language are you speaking?
It sounds like bullshit.
Why is every vimeo video I see so goddamn pretentious?
It's a film student circle jerk.
Moody music and 1080p do not get you into
you at MSET
Atmosphere Salons Danielle Valiente shares Last minute NYE Hair styles....See if one will work for you!
Subscribe to her channel for more!
RT The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
But I know Jack Donaghy.
He's no Jack Donaghy.
I think I'm just gonna play Sims 3 all day.
Lori was named one of the Dean Dozen during her 2004 campaign for Assembly.
Another?
in his US Senate race.
WTF Twitter get your shit together
let's have you back soon!
:
Yippee!
Freedom awaits.
RT Final is done for today.
Two more tomorrow and the semester will be over.
Shoutouts to !
they rock!
Sarah Houghton tells of her experience at raising tech literacy of San Rafael Public LIbrary  staff and patrons
Nonlinear video editing  realtime collaboration tools  no.
Just imagining a shared editing timeline makes my brain hurt.
thank you dear april, don't feel much like a powerhouse tonight but God is forever good.
keep that shot on lockdown 
But giving it does guarantee that you will get it.
But that is good reason to move on.
Went running even though it's such a hot and humid day in LA.
I feel better though!
Still going with Utd for the title.
First day back home.
Very nice.
Ew.
That almost makes me want to cry.
Still.
Good luck and thank you for your past roachingkilling efforts.
GO Flyers  Kings
Trying to find something to do....ideas?
Proud to have been elected to Board of Greater Sissonville Development Council yesterday...
Don'tcha be puttin no extra S in Sissonville now
.
points out that Tor is subgroup of Macmillan, which is a Big 6 publisher.
Movement!
Sick with a nasty case of the flu.
Nada on the 180 channels I have so I am watching The Walton's.
Good old time fun or I am just very ill
you have to by your own phones
All day, every Monday, I have a Make me an offer sale.
Make a resonable offer and it's yours.
I'll throw in gift wrap too!
I really have to poo right now and this computer just said something about logdump.
Not helping.
I think it's funny how we all hav friends comin into town this summer :D
good job mixing tweets..
gold star
check out www.villahol.com, the best villa rental site getting released soon.....
I gotta step my tweet game up
Please, people, don't spell SjÃ¶gren's Syndoctorme without the diacritical mark.
It's very important.
Please RT.
How's everyone doing?
:
Thanks!
We want to make sure you have plenty of time to make plans for next year.
NYC bound!
It's hump day.
Get humped everyone.
Good buddy,how are you and the family doing?!!
Your boy is getting big!
oh yeah sexy?
Check out the Sweet Shirts we printed for Grambling State University!
These shirts started as basic white T n we printed on the entire shirt
I wish I was going to the doctorke concert..
, wanna take me with ?
thatawkwardmomentwhen some guy starts taking to you about how he saw you at a restaurant last week  you've never talked to the kid before
oh!
Got it!
Step into the 23rd century.
Put away your dell an andoctorid, and prepare to make life awesome!
And easy...
OH YES SHE DID!
Thinking of making some kind of my own version of coq au vin for dinner tomorrow.
I'm really into this cooking thing lately...
Our doctorwn Dead Pro will be playing cash at the Bellagio today..wish him luck!
UWOTitans baseball vs.
UW Platteville with myself and coming up at the top of the hour.
LBNL Sci Data Mgt group seeks summer student for project in data intensive computing, on data mining.
UPS  I are about to fight if they don't get their ass here like now.
Be good to each other, and it will always come back!
We need a Turnover!
nice night for an RFI response...
I don't think I've ever been at work for just 8 hours
I follow back!
bad news.
Someone threw a rock into windshield.
Brian Stone: 97 of U.S.
households has a television.
Me: I am the 3!
On a nonbookish note, glad I watched TVD last night.
Otherwise twitter would be a dangerous place today.
I guess that's what I get for living near UWM.
Just started 2 learn python.
Need more practice but I really love it so far.
So I heard is mean...is that true ??
I hope not!
He seems so funny!
Lol
RT IT'S HERE TONIGHT!!
THE OFFICIAL PREMIERE KICKS OFF AT 7:00 PM.
SHOW IS COMPLETELY SOLD OUT!
: and that is why I love you
ha!
Dude!
I am in new Orleans!
I didn't even know about it!
aww I wish we could be there!!!
I know you'll be super tan though:
yeah, i hope they go to your city : you deserve it
Check out the professorle with infographic by  in 's latest BePollen:...
been there done that Hahahahaha
Great website, easy to find your strings  order, and good prices!
RT: I will never understand why some guys feel the need to act like such a dick.
and you wonder why you're single?
Celebrating Labor Day by working, and helping others get work done.
if only I wasn't in my pjs an hour away :
thinking ahead always saves you time!
So pumped to play Ohio State Dance Marathon tonight!
Writing educational curriculums  what a world it is, where I can do anything I want.
Fuck Her So Good She Wana B My Customer !
Hey I got two tickets to the corn maze and hayride outside of Madison.
Free to anyone with a smile:p let me kno
The biggest surprise tonight so far was learning that Courtney ThorneSmith has a job
that would be wise, Super Geniuses usually can solve such problems
: vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!
I second that!
UofO or Arena League.
The rumor of a classic look was so totally wrong.
Can I get a follow back from da king of memphis
hey, i just met u and, this is crazy, but here's my number who sings this song?
Lol
Product simulations allow learners to get in on the action from anywhere, any time.
So much hate....so much respect lost
I love my team 3 good job girls
I enjoyed writing it.
I just never really expected someone would want to read it.
I wish Frank well on the editing.
thanks for the link!
Dan thanks for following us back!
Hope u enjoy our tweets and that you'll party w us soon!
We think it's worth the investment for the convenience it affords us.
Thanks loads for your reply!
Hm.
The March Madness app for iPad is epiclevel cool, but twitter has less of a time lag.
Does anyone know a store that I can find cheap Cleveland Browns or Cleveland Indians bed sheets or c
honestyhour I don't have many friends :
How about politicians focus on rebuilding America before we explore manifest destiny to the Moon.
Is Newt serious?
watching some more PrisonBreak waiting on the doctorer to get done.
Dang, it's late.
lol
Any buzz is online forever but anything in print has a shelf life of a day, week or month 
Rat Race is on..
I love that movie!
Happy birthday, dad!
Hope it's a lovely day full of chocolate cake.
Sending you a big hug from New York!
I Maybe Young Right Now.
But In My Life.
I Always Know How To The Truth and Be Wise To My Fam, Myself and Especially To My Bestfriend Right?
The Beatles last night :D
10ThingIHate putting gas in the car.
Thank you for folliowing Suburban Cowboys!
3 Ways To Attract Quality Men Into Your Life
The icing on the cake is that I'm still in 3rd place in both my pools!
.
Somehow that is not a surprise....
knew they would roll out something ......
S/O to all our new followers we fux wid ya the long way!!
haha Daley IS a butt.
Tell him I said WHADDUPP..
and thank you!
Hows everything at the rock school?
I will have them back out there tomorrow to clean that out.
I'm there for everyone but when I need someone noones there.
Great shoot today!!!!
Damn!
R.I.P DonnaSummer smh!!
RT : 1 Bud Light Taps and all Bud Bottles.
All Day!!
Stop on in  Rookies!!
Also, happy Free Comic Book Day
ShoutOut right on for the follow back fam!
it feel so much better outside than n da house
You know its love when y'all dance together for a full song...
Feeling The Best Feeling Ever...3
The days of living in the web is closing near...
The Semantic Internet is going to have A LOT of
The Rattlers never seemed to get on track tonight.
V Gray was dearly missed
R.I.P.
Dick Clarke.
TV Legend.
:'
southern guys are the best and no i wont be bored and until that happens id like to be by myself
Dictators are good at throwing blame; the harder they throw the guiltier they are: Control and isolation ae their goal
Sure is!
let's just hope Marquette is ready for the celebration of tonight
Pastor Matt Stevens works with Major Russell to uplift East Baltimore to improve the community...
its suppose to be a shark
Chesney tonight hope it doesn't rain to much
Thanks for the follow.
I hope you'll be able to make it to the premier party on Wed.
and take some photos!
In the practice room engineering click tracks for the new album!
Wait, God destroys the fish in Cleanness along with beasts and humans?
Does Noah's Ark have an aquarium?
Does this happen in other texts?
You got what it takes.
Now take what you got and make it happen.
Let's GO
Welcome aboard...
Got big plans for you...
MT : I'm the newest member of data journalism blog team for Lee's Editorial Matters.
We need to find a way to highlight the great things happening in MPS to directly confront the disgusting rhetoric.
i really dislike doctorving my mom around lol she brazyyy yo
This thunderstorm is the perfect weather to watch The Secret Circle!
Sorry I haven't been active!
I've been resting up for Miami!
It does!
I made that promise when I was 3!
My sis is a certified lay minister though.
Lord knows why...
Talkin to my mama about females.
She knows best.
No girl will ever take my mamas place.
I had no further observations to make
Clippers play spurs in the next round.
Idk who to go for???
I like both teams.
It's hard!
Alright, I'm thinking about moving from LakeView to Lincoln Park right near my favorite Whole Foods and Apple Store.
North/Clybourn.
Yes?
There's 4 people in circle k and the people working here are telling me to wait outside.
What the hell
have any Piave in there?
:
Was given flowers today by a stranger...
He jumped out his car in the middle of the street, thought I was gonna get robbed!
of course boo :
Do I really love her?
Thats a rhetorical question.
Bite your tongue.
This weather is awesome.
I think you are the best writer at the intersection of Social Media/PR period!
the quiet part is a lie : RT : Thanks haha The bad part is though, in reality, I'm quiet and boring 
thanks for the great job as MC, I think we made a good team!
cc
I Mean Follow Me Back lol : p
Consie throwing his stats at us was comical.
Poor kid has a complex
I do Not want to get outa bed this mornin!
Im too comfy!!
Good things come to those who tweet!
Get 5 of your teammates to RT marchforbabies305 and you could win a Membership Pass to :
Didn't even get points!
AND ruined my shirt.
Made him give me his tho, he was stuck wearing a vest w nothing on underneath.
God made opposites.
He made heaven and hell, darkness and light.
He made me smart, and you...
Inspired by , the BFF and fabulous hubby....it's time.
Looking for a flexible schoolyear program?
Get your Passport to Invention and stop on by when it's convenient for you!
Visit thebakken.org!
Almost done with classes for the day
RT : your editors are a week behind ours have to be asked to slow down...
Of course is the team
Words of advice from The Secret Life of the American Teenager: Teenage pregnancy in 100 percent preventable.
Start talking.
In other news, beware the Ides of March.
Or as autocorrect would have me tweet, the idea of march.
but I know your legend, so I'll be sure to areas it's centrality.
Is the school attached to the fields?
no I'm not, my followers are each 10 times as cool as hers, so it makes up
5 minutes!
New video out!
Anyone else having trouble getting Blogger to publish posts?
I seriously have had it with Blogger.
There's way too many awesome for free
I got a story to tell...
A lot of confessions to get out..
Too much shit on my chest..
Sleeping brother  water gun  winning!
Ahh I love that movie
Hoping to get fabric today for the quilt along I am going to participate in.
So excited.
Thinking fourth of july colors.
Sample projects are in the pipeline!
Right now we don't have any that use the full suite of plugins ready to share.
Who is this Russell Wilson character?
i dont wanna read this shit.
PERFECT use of
I know I am.
no thank you!!
Mi Madoctor won't let me go to the Bull summer float trip.
Thanks Will!
And not just any cakes  delicious, unique cakes.
:
figuring out why im so lucky.
Who do u thin  Fletcher Dummy
Sorry to hear that.
Hahhaa...
Well I'm glad I could help:
Shrimp and Grits from Maguire's
nah you??
I'll check...I think you can access them for a small fee.
Not sure if any will be free.
It was so weird!
I mean I'm weird, but that's just unnecessarily weird.
bored nothing to do
Caribou is the Official Coffee of Daylight Savings Time!
FREE espresso shot on 3/14 and 3/15, don't forget to set your clocks on Sunday!
so remind me never to go to North Carolina..
bigot asses.
LinkedIn presentation shows how covering communities in a network differs from thinking of a mass audience.
WorstTimesToGetABoner waiting in line for communion
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching.
Randall G Leighton
hey it's not my fault...
U better add a captainon or two...
Lol
Agreed : Shame on 4 firing as a blogger b/c of a post on his website.
porchmonkey every day of our lives
Interesting fact: recently there was a diesel fuel spill INSIDE Blow Hall at WM.
Oh, and it was also near the A/C intake.
gotta bring me that shirt tomorrow to practice
Live A Legacy  Jonathan D.
Benz : Balboa Press Bookstore  Online Shopping for eBooks, Hardcover Books, Paperback Books via
thanks man!
Big game
Pray for priests
im going to las vagas YEAH BUDDY
RT : Just had one of the best small group sessions we've ever had.
God is really working in our hearts.
Merge12// Awesome!
So god!
Now watching
aww haha I should of told you: aw good!
Yes thankyouu x
lmao we foolish!!
awww me neither I wanna go so bad!!!
Sucks
You don't get it do you?
How much I love you..
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Audoctory Hepburn
I SO love that Loyola is banning bottled water
LETS GET IT TOGETHER!
SUMMER JAM FEST COMING SOON!
the nuances of personal values will be anchored in how they affect almighty jobs more than in almighty anything else
RT : Presentation practice room will be available from tomorrow
I hope I can get back to my music soon
The Book of Mormon for the ride to Vegas...
this is awetothesome.
Hmm...why is my macbook telling me to service battery?
Seems fine to me...
Lent is always a difficult time for Rick astley
Do me a favor and stay out of my mind please?
We miss you guys too!
Gotcha.
Good work.
This what i get for wanting long hair.
My mama got my head hurting with these DERN braids too tight.!
MamaMamaMama TsskTsskTssK.!
most certainly!
Make up a car feature that doesn't exist that you really want.
GO!
I don't care what everyone says, cramming the night before always works out just fine.
Peggy is giving random handies and Bess Armstrong is handing out LSD.
Guess the 60s are hitting their stride.
I like to touch them slowly when I'm bored.
it makes me feel less lonely :
Actually we had to park at the corner of Roth  Hagar...
Ugh
Fun day today, working for Martha Stewart!
very busy lifestyleworking married 2 kids
Still LoL re: aforelinked W.
Rooney professorle; in seeking any glimmer of insight, like SNL Jeopardy sketches, name this color...any color...
Another bullpen meltdown for the Marlins...
Brutal night for South Florida sports
we are now.
How can I read this?
Any suggestions?
Glad to see CBS is going back to its solid news reporting roots.
Are the interns producing tonight 12 or 13?
no we have never had the opportunity to meet
I had a dentist appointment the other day!
I had to get my tooth filled :
is it red?
follow now.
10
Thanks!
I'm quite a fan of your site as well!
Map out your future, but do it in pencil.
yeah I know right!?
It's crazy
building our bands website, if you want to promote your restaurant, club, or business email me at
I'm to nice to ppl sometimes smh..
oh well going home now
Were so down!
How about next week?
Schedules over here are flexible tho.
will join on our end :
i miss my friends from en 8.......
Thanks for the Klout reference!
Chili's baby back ribs......
DMCA Ah, I spoke too soon.
DVD CCA / AACS LA counsel showing off a recording he made of a DVD using a smartphone camera.
I MISS YOU KELLS!
Winter's Bone...
powerful movie, devastating to watch, but great performances...
esp.
Jennifer Lawrence
Soft relaxing music.
Like Frank Ocean and Miguel and The Weeknd.
no clue lol
Next week is a travel week.
Maybe week after?
: Even in a happy relationship, Gemini cant help wondering if someone better is still out there.
I Ran Away With My Imagination.
FF B4 doctorNES VAPORIZE YR SIZZLING GAY DANCE PARTY:
Rainy days like today make me want to curl up by the fireplace with a good book.
It is unfortunate that we don't have a fireplace here...
We haven't found one here in El Paso yet.
I'm kinda scared to lol
Tonight: Hotel Lights  Andoctor Costello  the Cool Minors  Cat Atlas at Garfield Artworks 8:00 8
Had a good night with timmy and zack
if i told myself what happened, I wouldnt believe it.
good luck hosting the Emmys!!
you'll do great!
why is it when you care they don't and when you don't care they do.
Absolutely agree, the Grammy's are awful.
Those blues nominations are strong though!
I have my beliefs, idgaf about yours.
www.YouTube.com/WaWantsBieber :
true Happy Easter!
Dig the trenches, unlock the armory.
A poem is a small machine made out of words
Thanks for the retweet!
you thought about starting your own coven, but Roch's decided to give you more Sunday hours.
Timeandahalf!
RT : 43Pacers 42Chi at Half.
BULLS fans, It's not 2 late 2 join us for our GameWatch Specials!
how do chinos run in general, are they just straight leg pants?
let.me taste it hoe!!!!
Danny granger is so fuckin gay
If you are a Hobbit or actor : Casting Call for Hobbits  Fri: 111 3500 Sports Arena Blvd go to Admin on the north side of bldg
I wish TNT would put their pre halftime post game shows available to steam / listen to on smartphones.
Gotta get my Barkley time
thanks for the follow and congrats on the good work
is such a classy boy.
I think it's adorable how he is trying to bring back chivalry.
Rick Dipietro just reenacted the mike smith dive for a friend.
He broke his neck and is now out for the beginning of next year
who told you my nickname
Enjoyed the Impressionist exhibit today at the art museum.
It made us ponder...did women in 19th century, um, trim their hedges?
double agree
Follow She's hot and she's Teamfollowback :
: Prediction: Yadier Molina will never open a restaurant in Milwaukee.
If he did Dirty Dining would be all over that place!
: You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
Abraham Lincoln
i wanna meet cody : Hook me up sonic?
:
Tomorrow changes today  Your decisions are the true creator of your experiences.
Motorcycle weekend here on the panhandle.
So many bikers, so many cool bikes.
No helmet law in FL.
Is it so wrong to dip fries into pate?...
i see what you did there
A refreshing pint of Great Lakes Dortmunder Gold and a bacon cheeseburger chaser at O'Donovan's.
Make sure you send me necklace before you leave!!!
He is still waiting for it!!
In answer to your DM, since I'm showing my jewelry there, I hope its the 2 upcoming shows that will be my faves :
Jeez!
Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies!
Photoshop CS6
nice pass romo
I love girls that wear strictly flats and heels
Lakers series was shocking, Celtics still holding on for dear life.
Its a new era in the NBA..
Today feels especially Groundhog Dayish
Up on the 3rd floor slumming?
;
During Finals/ Reading Period everyday feels like Sunday.
your brother Mitch and I it's super fun fun friday duh!
AUSTIN no one do a dance party in a limo!!
Only you YOLO 3
Inlaws gave me a movietheater giftcard for my bday...
Avengers in Imax, 3D, or 2D?
Too many choices...
call me trick
Austerity measures are a disaster and invite ruinous contagion.
Ugh I am really doctorgging this morning.
It is definitely a 2cupsofcoffee kind of day.
Boozer needs to go!
Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey
Buying a tent...
I wanna go camping!!!
Think you can write a great Google Adwords Ad?
Write a text ad for our Google Adwords Campaign and win 100 for our next ad.
Retweet Your Ad
I don't like coffee
Good Mornin Twitter Mentions Friends Followers Fans Tl n otha ppl Tl
Just for the record, how many shows do you watch?
thank you stranger:p
Ah!
SO excited to see my Cambodian tomorrow!
It's been 2weeks TOO long.
I'm fading.
Bring coffee!
Having a fun trying out different mixes and just experimenting as a dj  Try Outs private club.
I'll be  Plan B tomorrow!
I'm not doin my job right at all
Our generation will be the weirdest grandparents.
Thanks so much for the follow.
Hope we can connect very soon.
Have a great weekend!
hello sir!!!
Lookin fwd to your next NY gig lemme know!!
If he's not going 2 dye those things, Erick Dampier should at least wear a gray headband to offset his chin.
he's still in the NFL?
This is the year your home will look its best, serve you in maximum comfort and help you to just recharge....
I can show you how.
BAGELS!
CREAM CHEESE!
Oh Henry cast, you crack me up.
Some day we'll get it.
Or just learn to stop trying.
Ha ha ha
how da ear?
Getting ready to join Jeff Santos on his Rebuild America program to talk about jobs  infrastructure.Tune into AM1460 WABQ at 3:43 to listen
LMMFAO YEAS REMY ..!!!
Ugh we all need to get together I bet it's gone be the only carry
aww ur so cute ...
hahah thx u so much for something u do for me BIT HES MY
omg i am going to be 24 soon how the year go buy wow 24 bro
oh good I feel better now.
Felt a little too under a rock for a minute there.
KUDOS!
RT : Congrats to our friends at for their carrier of the year award at NASSTRAC!
Thanks to Seth GrahameSmith for a great interview with
Love is handing someone a gun and letting it point to your head, believing that he won't pull the trigger.
As soon as Paris gets them from us!
: Haha when will we these in Paris?
lovin'  are you tuned in?
Austin Is On Air3
thanks for the follow.
If you'd placed your web addoctorss in your twitter professorle, I'd have been there already:
hey buddy, DM me your digits pls.
Thanks!
Exciting..good luck.
BASTARD POP TERRORISTS VOLUME 14
well now I'm really mad I can't be there.
What keg did you score?
I'm done at 6pm...where's the afterparty lol
Talk to us about your struggles with lead generation.
What are your challenges?
there c:
Obama's all grey now!
Poor baby, Clinton's all white now too.
yeah, I have pro on my laptop.
We are in the car  might need to sign something emailed.
Scoping my options.
I'm tall for my age I'm 5 foot can anyone guess how old I am
Hey!
Have you participated before?
lol yea I know I barely knew anything about what he asked about and I was like I will make it up if I have to!
you talking twitter or LinkedIn?
I can do set up or improve on either, but your LinkedIn looks fine.
2.
How did our Black boys become girls?
Anytime someone mentions Office Space or Big Lebowski I quickly brag I saw both in theaters is kind of a character flaw
I've met him/seen him perform he'll be great1 LaughALatte will have a new host and producer, my dear friend Jason Dudey!!
Trimming orange trees in the sunshine.
Beyonce tweeted one time and has 4 million followers and only following 14 people
Remember, if you tag yourself we'll donate another dollar on your behalf!
You aren't alone...I am too.
I'm 33 and that way.
How long until building and growing Instagram independently falls by the wayside?
In Yonkers NY at the 15th Annual Regional Conference of Puerto Rican Parade  Festival
Is it a fool's errand to try and collect every Rick Wakeman solo album?
Justin Makes Beliebers Feel Special .
I need to be in a bigger city!
:
The least I could do for such a great cause.
IfYouReallyLikedMe you would text me back.

I've noticed that all my creative friends figure out a way to stand out while still blending in.
The dilemma of the FI creative.
You are suppose to have hangovers on Saturdays silly
To..nice..out..to ..tweet.
I remind myself of Paris,France
Very welcome.
See you at the next Art Basel.
If I let things sit, they'd never get done.
If you are looking for a Treat today  come on in for some authentic down home 'Q at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !
Happy Halloween !!
who wants chocolate oatmeal cookies?
good times homie
Many blues historians are unaware that when Robert Johnson made his deal with the devil down at the crossroads, he used a Scoutmob.
I'm starting to think that deleting my twitter might be a good idea.
Come come beezy!
RT Me and Inem long overdue for a visit
Ran 5 miles around uptown Nola in final preparation for 1/2 marathon sun morning.
Ready to smash this thing!
lol yea i know but i might come knock yo head in lol
Shout out to you if you on childsupport for a kid that's not yours.
Maury will give you a test for free.
What are our fans jammin to on this BEAUTIFUL day?
i love how we 20 followers already and only had this account for what like a couple of hours lol I love my followers3
Np Gucci Mane  Blessing
I love watching YouTube videos of the boys, it makes me happy.
Naps after school are always needed
Wassup !?
Just heard starsareblind  gym and smiled cuz of U.
Is that still on ur playlist?
D
Okay bring it in for the real thing...
have a good summer!
Strange matter does have great bathroom art.
Art being a relative term.
Took 1st !
Oh yeah !
On my way home now , all star volleyball practice in a few hours ,:
Just so you know, it wasn't unanimous, I thought was more deserving...bahaha
i wish i could go see you my my mom doesnt wanna tae me :
here bro
Let's go David Kyles!
Looks like it's going to be a rainy Saturday here.
What about where you are?
...And the library is packed.
Definitely finals next week!
I call shotgun.
Bwah, hah, hah!
RT : forgive IACPNYC tweets.
it's not every day I get 2 go 2 Int'l Association of Chiefs of Police Conf.
Thank you as well.
ABK looking good!
Check this one out!
I mean shud I give a fuck?
Horrible!
The printers at work are down.
Guess I'll just get paid for doing nothing
Volly empowers the client like never before.
Learn more about Volly by calling Advanced Mailing Services at 5058993104.
pleasure meeting you at luxe lets get something going for a charity event on a Monday for Monday night football.
It will be big
Great!
When is your reservations?
I don't call it lying down, I call it landscape mode.
: You can only appreciate the true beauty of something once it's been destroyed.
Fucking stupid, Dane.
Disappointed.
ha that's rather ingenious :
WTF...
Steve Jobs passed away?
Michael's Deli is one of my favorite spots.
Enjoy!
They have a great mango chicken salad, though I usually go corned beef.
Berenson: Some countriesIsrael, Netherlandscombine managed competition among sickness funds/insurers with rate setting
Of course he did.
You've met Knicks fans and read their local media, right?
You know what can be cured?
Homophobia.
Nothing but broken promises
from the deep reaches of the interweb.
I heard that you have a girl friend O.o
Maybe he's just so comfortable with you that he needs a reminder that you're a WOMAN!
doctorss up real cute and remind him.lol
Having a marvelous day with great company.
Only wish mom was here too.
Now, time to
Jackson and Sharpton are champions of justice.
A bit overzealous at times, but their commitment can never be questioned...
The Great Depression/Arlo McKinley and The Lonesome Sound/Small Time Crooks/Suicide Pact at The Mad Hatter November 27th!
Seriously
Lots of talk about SNL after News4 RT:: Sat by her in LA at an awards show.
She had me at Hola
Change is coming!
I can take a look if its not much.
Im on a small vacation this weekend
I thanked motion sensor lights for turning on for me.
My brain has officially turned off.
...they never were...it was always big government...
Consecutive 150 point weeks in fantasy...
thank you for the mention the other day
Uggh of course the day I wanna see she's camping:P
Almost time to get off
Accumulations will be light and remain on grassy and elevated surfaces.
The roads temperatures are too warm to support the falling snow
lol i remember
I'm sorry we don't have any connections to Emily..we are only a fansite that supports the show.
Sorry
homeless when the BIG QUACK comes!
Like my plan for Camp Freedom, on the corner of 16th and 7th and Hubbell
We just returned from the NY Int'l Gift Fair!
Translation: Lots of great product will be coming to the museum store this spring!
If you aren't a city where people want to live, you're not a city where businesses want to invest.
Mayor of Chattanooga
Yes, apt adjective  did Ira do his Mick Jagger on doctorms impression again?
That was a highlight  Gravel Pit cover!
Spent all my life waiting for a moment to come.
XBox Deal, Day 11  Gears of War 3 deals
Last game of the season tonight.
Layed up with my son 3
Great first period Pens!
Let's keep up the good work.
Insecurity is such a waste of time.
Either embrace your flaws or fix them
I feel ugly.
I feel unloved.
My grandma passed away...can this day get any worse, or...?
I've been super busy and sleep deprived and I can hear my bed calling me!
Well ttyl, take care Angela, have a good night :
Thankful that I have a mother who will call to make sure I'm awake for finals, even after I've moved out
I'm watching all the Careless World episodes  I can't wait for the carelessworldtour it's gunna be crazy!!
straight getting it 2012.
Thanks 4 the Follow Friday props  we agree it's going to be a great panel  Summit!
Big Apple, here we come
No, I bought it.
Now what do I do?
Like bitch please !
Phone may not make it thru Canadian Border Crossings session at GenieFair2012, but it's been a great day
Sometimes I forget just how good the Social part of social media can feel.
I'm running that one too!
I'm getting a group to run every Saturday at 7:30 at lapham.
Feel free to join!
thanks for RT
The city traffic is brutal today.
Safe travels!
See you at
im sobummed because when you come to Houston I won't be able to make it because I have cheer practice:
Can't wait to see what Skip has to say!!
Spiral spiral down the stairs falling into a room ful of fears You think you have it all w/in reach Til you miss the breaks crashbangscreech
Was woken up by the birds singing....yes, it is going to be a wonderful day!
Good Morning Everyone!
I'm attending the MBA Expo in Orlando next week.
I'm looking forward to meeting new people and seeing old friends.
Will you be there?
I'm in a Disney bus being tortured by endless Disney ads.
Is it better to wear your glasses in a photo and have that smart look, or go without and be who you are?
I'll still take bisping in this fight
my concentration is British mod fiction so I only have room for a token Faulkner.
I'm getting more votes for StF
The battle for control and leadership of the world has always been waged most effectively at the idea level.
An idea, whether right or
nah.
Changed my mind.
A food processor and better storage are the practical answers.
doctoram answer: espresso machine  granite counters.
follow me?
Passed 42K words on 2nd doctorft of novel!
Have CRAZY goal to finish doctorft before Labor Day.
yo why can't I follow u?
It says forbidden.
I completed mine too!
I can't wait.
why so hot?
word.
i need to check out the site.
def have had some ideas in my head that might make for good posts if i can focus them.
Show tonight at The Tiki Bar in Costa Mesa!
Finished with clips for now.
At grange.
They're playing lots of Jackson browne.
I really enjoy my soccer team.
Go Oranges.
new PUMPKIN SMOOTHIE!
Like doctornking pie out of a straw!
Looks like another beautiful day...
grab a cool doctornk while it's still warm outside!
I thoroughly enjoyed DARK SHADOWS.
And if our God is with us, then what can stand against?!
yea why can I not anymore
I have a feeling that is going to be an amazing mom and I'm so stoked for her!
Clearly, we've not met.
Hi, I'm Deesha...the last time I was skinny, I was 5.
the only way to save the Oscars right now is to find James Franco and give him a microphone and a bottle of Jack.
Trust no one
8k run around the beautiful Capitol building.
No supplies collected.
Happy Easter!
Fantastic job and a standing ovation to Charles Osgood, a perfect salute to holiday traditions on the piano
yes, and if you can dance, we may give you a chance to be in it.
stay tuned.
20ThingsAboutMe 3.
I love to watch football, soccer  basketball!!
This wk we're treating the ladies to free doctornks till midnight FatTuesdayReloaded Ladies Night edition!!
she should have married Screech!
What happened to Rivera?
Locked in the locker room...
At me though RT : oomf is a slut.
great news.
I've thought about applying for an ISGI fellowship from time to time.
We didn't mean to unfollow, glad you said something.
THanks!
aww  hugs to kitty and commiseration to you.
I accidentally woke up to go to work
I'm so bored right now
good night:
imagine if Blake Griffin had any post moves.
and it's why the Packers will not win another SB under Thompsons leadership.
Sad to say but likely true
When is the UT bistro/cafe going to open?
Let's meet there for lunch soon!
Stop making excuses and justifying certain actions.
If you make a mistake say your sorry, then rectify the situation Brian Tracy
Baby i thank god and just for bringin me in it feel's good just to get away from the life i lived feel me
What if Mitt beats Obama.
What do we end up with.
Obama in white skin.
This is funny: Go to Google Maps, Get Directions, put Taiwan as your starting location and put China as the destination.
Then read step 24
Lovely TY Marilyn.
Where would we be w/out eHow?
Going to look up how to posthumously update FB status.
I wish we could take off and go anywhere but here , baby you know the deal3
Same to you!
Enjoy your day, and see ya around Lifetime!
Do either of you know off hand when they count absentee ballots and/or a feel for trends within them historically?
Too early for this but gotta get it
exactly.
There has to be a way to get certain things, besides just gifting
To all of you who made tonight as much fun as it was, we would like to thank you!
Can't wait to do it again.
ugh why am I so perfect
It's amazing what a difference a walk makes.
Why r u upset?
Idk, I have no idea.
Which is the same idea as most people.
We've never seen him play in the NBA.
heh, following has taught me to thoroughly vet any link sent my way.
Thanks brotha!
RT : that's a sick ass cd nice job
Week of the Justice Ball...expecting another 500 tickets sold before Saturday...can't wait for the party
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and nonsourdough breads.
Call 5198020 for info!!
So, I'm supposed to behave.
It's a Venture Bros.
reference.
one of the show logos has the brothers forming a V in the nose.
Hanging with him tomorrow after sol's.
33333.
We just need FB users to VOTE for us.
It is very simple and easy...plus the voters don't get harassed!
link should be posted
You look like chewbacca  Sasquatch had a baby, the baby took a shit,that shit was blinded in a knife fight,moments before styling your hair
HBO canceled Luck.
Should I still try to catch up with Season 1, or should I just move on?
Volquez is at 76 pitches after 5.0 complete.
Marcum is right there too.
Someone's going to blink.
Padoctors v
is currently working on the Exterior Rendering of Raphael's Prime Steakhouse, here in Long Island, New York..
IT'S Fishy Friday!!
10 buckaronies will git you fulled up on Salmon or Tilapia!
Giddy Up!
well damn...
This is awkward
: going to a frat party tweet
Why does everyone get out earlier than us shit I'm just ready for summer
I'm a bad girl.
I can't wait too get home.
it was wonderful, it was magical, it was everything i've waited for, a miracle.
I don't love em, I don't chase em, I duck em.
Minecraft doesn't strike me as a tablet sort of game.
I'd snap the thing in half after I walked into my own lava pits.
K going upstairs in 5 minutes.
School is shit but it's Friday
In everything the ends well defined are the secret of durable success.
favorite what
Sorry won't be posting parts today having health issues
This.
Read the audience.
MT it's rare that I learn anything from a postshow that I didn't learn during the performance
Dear Tigers, quit playing games with my heart.
Blackhawks and Coyotes going to OT for the 4th straight time.
Gotta love the
I think teacher and parent expectations and then allowing the child to do it go a long way toward successful selfregulation.
I twittered your old lady's Facebook at Myspace last night.
Happy Easter!
We hope that you have a day filled with family, fond memories and joy!
Hop Hop Hippty Hop!
FINALLY the MK7 Update is available!
Not even failure.
yes whore cant sit too fast I'm preggo I may slip lol
Who wants to be a Super Hero?
New Western Chief Raingear is now in at Sydney b.
Batman, Superman, Hello Kitty and more.
fly back with the team??
Today my niece called her frosted flakes tornadoes.
I told her to use her rocket ship to eat them.
She did not eat them.
bahaha, I got scared for a second!
LOL!
Please let me know if you find them!
aw sparky is such a star
I'm considering walking over 1,000 miles for charity; probably wont ever happen, but what an awesome thought eh?
I'm tired my eyes burning.
nd told me it would lmao ' curse u honey lol
Just sent you a DM bro...
Hit me back!
Your youtube marketing videos should only be 23 minutes maximum with a call to action!
You're amazing on GLEE
Such a great name.
Yup, we can hear you chattin' about 'pulling out' ;
Im the most distracted person ever

What are you paying people to write the doctorbble on your website?
Thanks very much for retweeting me...got 10 more on this one :
Lucky duck!
;
Didn't get to run into you last night, but loved the show!
It was the best show of the season!
Looking fwd to !
blondie  I touch myself :
haunting verisimilitude.
I made my self a bowl of cereal today :D but when I went to the refrigerator to ger milk guess wat there was no fin milk :D
You're welcome!
Have a great weekend.
:
New albums, by anyone.
When I'm alone, I think of so many things to say to you, but when I have a chance to tell you, I don't say a word.
RT : Tried reducedfat tomato basil soup Fantastic...can't tell a difference in taste!
She makes me feel kind of funny.
Like when we used to climb the rope in gym class.
Hate sucks Rosie in any form!
Think of the bullying you're doing!
I confuse and Brad Pitt all the time but Cee Lo is lots hotter!
thanks for the inspiring talk at NYU.
Digging the mixtape
..
umm it's the AVX it's so loud, the mom already had the kid in her lap  it's only the previews.
Way too loud for a little 1
Are you defending today?
Good luck!
MUST try!
RT : Decided to get a slice of strawberry rhubarb pie to go from this afternoon.
Best decision of the day.
check out
BRINK ORLANDO....TONIGHT...FREE COVER w/ GRINdoctorAPP!....OPEN BAR 1112!!...I start spinning at 10 in the disco!...
:!!
you're the best
Practice was good today ..I got all the moves right!
:D
Just 2 more hours until our Flames of War tournament at the store....Don't miss it!
...that would be pretty hypocritical, so I will leave that one to you.
hey!
which one should I follow?!?
You should do more 4 man tournaments to fight for the belt...
You've got to have some hood in you to be a great player.
Charles Barkley  lmao
ok it's next fri Starts at 7 here by my house.
Team has to split 100.
Then is 15 all you an doctornk.
You both in?
Can you imagine a Six Feet Underesque finale for GG?
No dying, but all timelapse awesome?
can you link me to that, was actually just looking to get one of those
My 19monthold chants bruins  claps/high5s me  every goal.
Could I love her more?
Aw yeah, Heat beat the Lakers.
Deuces my Tweeters gotta head to school to take some more tests UGH BYE!
Made it out alive...now on light rail headed south of denver :
Wow...
AOL stock up 43 asfter they sell a slew of patents...
pretty sure that does not make AOL more valuable longterm
why u just now following me
Starting to understand why those old people don't like kids so much
I'm gonna find out after taks tomorrow follow up
Dear Chicago: I'm impressed by the 67 degree weather you're pulling off today.
Not many cities can wear 67 in March the way you can.
Bravo.
unicorns exist, I've seen em
Going through and reading past tweets makes my heart hurt and makes me thin WTF.
.
yes in two weeks on Boston Street by the MT bank building
You never know what you have till its gone....
Having trouble connecting to the site.
Is it down?
Winter finally decided to come out of hibernation in the NE.
Mother Nature, quit messing around.
Your performance review is soon.
so sad I missed you!
Tired, my brain hurts, my mind can't take anymore.
Good Night to all!
i.
love.
You...
Please reply
I love it when I wake up to birds chirping with the sun shining.
Then I check the temperature and it's only 45 degrees outside wtf!
If they're going to argue with that Bible bullshit, riddle me this: For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil..
Bernie Mac Show
damn thats scary
me just hangin with friends and having fun chloe moretz makes life better when all is lost not sayin me im fine you get it 
Community's been a big part of me in recent years.
I'd have girls I date watch it  I'd be excited about it.
Thanks for the recommendation, Kristen!
Hi !
Where are you looking for a new apartment?
:
Got em..One of my faves.
My dashboard is getting rave reviews!
Do the Celtics lead the league in AARP cards?
Go Cavs!
I want to manage a super group with Jon B, Robin Thicke, and Justin Timberlake.
We'll make all the money.
shoutout to for mentioning all those people.
Henderson: If we dont educate all childoctorn  and educate them well  our future as a nation is in serious jeopardy
nisoEbook Holzman costs to publish quality ebooks is NO CHEAPER than publishing quality pbooks
Consider an alarm for your home to reduce your insurance  provide safety for your family Its like getting to paid to keep you  fam safe!
We talk the most shit  mistreat each other but truth be told neither can live or exist without one another
das ya lunch?
It's spring break here, so there's no reason for this nonsense.
I blame Daylight Savings Time for throwing everything off!
's new single If I Ruled The World is now available on iTunes who's got their copy of IIRTW?
:
There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want; after that, to enjoy it.
Only the wisest of mankind achieve the second.
Stop by booth 1817 and learn about Summer Reader !
Demo begins in five minutes!
Should be an interesting day for the internets.
This is largely untested territory  still not sure how SOPA  PIPA would be enforced
Word??
So it's a staring contest we got going on
LOL.
I need to bottle that ish then.
LOL.
you did have a big win!
I desperately need a new firesuit.
Sprint could send me one.
I'd wear it with pride
Absolutly!
Stay tuned from now until the block party for key rules and safety tips.
We 3 safety.
OMG where is my hw...I am freaking out!
SUPPORT song!
t.co/lH4TZHe , if you like THx!
:D Verified
Thanks so much for the mention.
Appreciated with gratitude.
Have an awesome weekend!
Just cussed out my dad
can't answer your dm because you're not following me
Making these s/ o what up
Thank you Jesus, for pouring out your blood and dying on the cross for me and everyone else in the world.
I pray all ppl come to know You :
I honestly feel like I'm the only person on twitter that wants Ubaldo to do good lol.
oh wow!
Shit!
It's marjoram, mother fucker.
In relationships: 1 Don't lie.
2 Don't cheat.
3 Don't make promises you can't keep.
Can't sleep.
Second night in a row.
I'm down
Bulls are done!
It's a hot one out there today!
What's everyone listening to?!
Tues is Burger Night!
Get 5 Sonic Burgers for 5.95 total after 5PM.
Now that is 1 heck of a deal.That's 9 in savings only 8212 Liberty Rd
Finished over the weekend, music video for our 1at original dance track!
Stay tuned to see finished product.
Every morning!!
: Raise your hand if you woke up next to a leprechaun.
but is it GANGSTA
If today was your last day here on earth, would it matter that it was Monday?
Live today fully for tomorrow is not promised.
I didn't get tickets :
I hate this bitch is together with JB
RT : It's official: will sing 'Sonetti d'amore' at the SAM's Michelangelo exhibit on 1st Thurs in Jan.
when you know you do your best, fuck the rest /highfive
Jar Jar Binks!
That made me laugh out loud
Fair enough, but if you ever do just know that you'll be in good hands.
We do love our bevvies over here :
On my way to Vegas!!!
Elbows are a very silly thing.
Kinda like black people.
I am more sore than LIFE is LIFE.
lol.
You guys ever do any crazy shit your senior year?
Simulating maneuvering through a crowd in class, great prep and plan b practice for neuro rehab
what's the tdem conference?
If you could add one hour to your day today, what would you do with it?
A Westlaw Bootcamp session is being held tomorrow from noon to 1:00 in Room 213.
Attend and brush up on your online research skills!
I get the point, but without a common focus what will be accomplished?
Seems like a bunch of people that want free pizza.
sounds good, that is what i'm trying to do is get the word out.
Got over 2000 followers which is pretty good i think.
Yay!
New episodes of my latest addiction, storagewars!

NYU in class now!
What lasts longer  world cup fever or bieber fever?
He's leaving 
My TV has died.
RIP 2004 Daewoo nonflat screen, old school television.
Time to step into this decade I guess!
Lol
.
You aren't living life to the fullest if you don't pick up some scars along the way.
it likes to swim
Except for you!
see you then.
San Fran
Dispute over Dallas Arts District office building's sign request goes to City ...
Dallas Morning News
I work Thursday!
TIL a marijuana user is arrested every 37 seconds.
doctorving me crazy not being able to talk to Jamie.
Please pray for him, his crew, and all those in West Liberty who were effected yesterday.
Anybody on?

sure helped my fantasy football teams this week!!!
Thanks!
Please let us know if we can help you visualize your research papers in an infographic.
be patient for your wedding gift!
Give Your Boob A Break Demi Lovato
It was great!
Let's go soon RT : that's my favorite sushi spot ever.
Used to take on dates there
Questions we should ask: Why do the businesses still have their employees' salaries frozen?
Why are there no salary raises?
I want shesha.
Watching the RHONJ reunion and the RHOAReunion.
Excited to film the
I'm just beepin for the simple fact that there's beeps
it's a legendary chair with a short, but storied history.
Thought OchoCinco retired last year.
Interesting.
I think you may be able to pitch this as a new sitcom to follow
If u lost yo virginity to ur finger............Follow me,n I'll follow u
God thing my car decided to kick the bucket today......
My 3rd  last FF is Cloud Computing Concepts BocaRaton  A BIG announcement coming!!
God is active in me now.
I am whole and well!
NAP TIME!
Best customer support ever .
Busy helping learning about LLC vs.
nonprofessort status, pros and cons.
Can anyone help with this?
Best to All!
Hope u dig he tunes and the video.
Please help us spread the word.
We gotta find these guys.
Best  success.
Blood blood blood blood blood!
Sure signed misterB lol
I don't way a dictatorship; I want democracy.
99 are just modern day share croppers for the corporate controlled government.
Enjoying a Founders All Day IPA in 60 degree weather good way to finish work.
Need topic ideas Corporate Meeting, PM Summit, etc?
Or already have a topic but need facilitation?
Call me for ideas 9786498299
This month is our 16th Anniversary!
To celebrate, we're giving 16 off for the rest of March...there are a few days left to take advantage!
Watching Horrible Bosses, horrible movie!
what horses..
Nice, sounds like a good night!
man before or after?
Advil then bro
Patrice Bergeron is at the Bruins morning skate, missed practice yesterday.
I'm sleepin wit da wooley...
I'm gettin all my days in
following lots of mahomies :D 3 We're one craaazzy family but I love you guys!
Joke: Wife said Honey, take me someplace expensive.
Husband took her to the gas station LL!
!!!
By
speak the truth bitch.
Do you have any idea what's happened to Joe Sheehan?
I miss hearing from him.
I hope he's OK.
NCAA39;s Emmert: Coaches being held more accountable
Adam, your welcome.
Thank you for the follow as well.
Thanks for the retweet.
It's amazing how many times I see Yelp as the first search resultespecially with restaurants.
: Why do folks by Lil skinny jeans just to sag them?right
MT : Rick Perry's ad has 376 likes on YouTube.
It also has 12,253 dislikes.
What to measure, what to meausure?
Would consider Starship Troopers.
Other ideas?
I'm on a roll
Do you guys autoDM people that follow you?
I don't currently, looking for thoughts on that.
We have a couple of tickets!
get in contact with us if you want them!
how are you  Derrick
you don't knowoh,oh you don't know you're beautiful!
Thanks for sharing!
Can't Get No Satisfaction?
You know what The Stones have to say about it, but what about the Bible?
Chk it  see!
centralonline.tv
Try to expect nothing, but be open for anything
U of Louisville, working w/10 high schools, convert to PESC XML standards to transfer transcripts directly from HS to college.
Just laying here satring at the ceiling my thoughts are racing
: new technologies create new opportunities for GLAMs but also more competition for attention
I watched only one NBA playoff game this year.
Picked the best one.
LeBron may have gone to South Beach, but his talents?
Not so much.
I wish I can relate love songs to someone..
Lonely life.
Lmao.
some people just can't see the good people in their lives  how necessary they are to be a good person.this is why people need friends.
What a looooonnnnngggg day.
I keep saying that things will lighten up soon so maybe next week is the week it happens!!!
I agree !
First weekend is the best 4 days in sports ...
for me :
Let's get this W
I alphabetize by album.
Tell me how you feel.
lmaoo.
I like them all the same
Go to www.watchnhllive.com and register to gain access to all the hockey games you want and need live online everyday for free enjoy!!!!!
finallydecember!!!!
Even though I hate the cold.
it's time for a snuggle buddy!!
:3
does your husband work out at mountainside fitness?
I sometimes see a guy there who looks a lot like him so i wonder if it is
Holy smokes, the libraries have some new items!
If you want to know what they are, you have to visit
Wow I have the Food Network Following me!!
Thank you what a privalege.
u always in some shiit,lol
Apparently spicy mexican food and celery smell like 's BO......
lol not exactly...
yet haha but at least you tried unlike my other 49 followers!
Labor Sec Solis thinks the employment policies are working?
Millions of other Hispanics would disagree.
It sounds like the big sports signer was Trenni.
I use to get east HD too and they just changed it!
Now I can't have my oc date with you till nine!
:
haha uh oh!
And it's been crappy weather lol.
We have to go out in Memphis when I come down to see my dad.
I've never been!!
my alarm is 's cover of You Got It Bad.
Soo pretty much my day starts off amazing every day.
3
Awesome!
Well make a shirt available for you since you'll be at TH!
Dear Justin Beber, just when I thought you a real live boy...you come out with a perfume for girls.
:
seems like I'm getting a cold!
damn!
Manchester Derby kickin off!
Who do you like?
Let's hear some predictions..
I Don't Really Care what you think about me.
My fantasy closers have doctorpped like flies.
Axford will be next to go and then I'll be out of them.
And good riddance, who needs closers?
10/8/2010 How the Grateful Dead Pioneered Viral Marketing The Daily Feed
Chicory chicory bok.
It's almost ten o'clock.
Yeah, Friday night grocery shopping.
SOTU OH NO TALKS OF BRIDGES?
hmm..
Bridges to nowhere?
I woulda gone to prom if coulda been my date
Hollins has to be pissed with all these turnovers
Kids eat Free Tonight Feed them quality food at ZUZU for Free!!
2 kid meals free per 1 adult platter or equal value.
Happy Hour 4:306:30pm
for sure man, what cameras are you shooting with?
all these hot guys keep following me
Check us out online at  www.brotherapparel.com and see how we are trying to change the future of a school in Kenya.
Have written an awesome childoctorn's pic bookHas really great feedbackplease let me know if you are/have contacts of good agent/publisher
soaddictedtotumblr it's not even funny XD
You know I love that place!
I wish u were here too : : Sorry!
I just left Zea's..
I wish I was in ATL with you..
johnny depp is so hot in cry baby
lolol I just love that song.
I wish Justin would get on i want to talk to him ;
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you...but trusting them not to.
imma not be a twwet whore soo imma log off for the rest of the month
Because momma Sarah made them name it Tripp
the uniontown hotties want me to step up my fashion so I'm thinking of adding an ascot
It helps : re: Thank u 4 listening 2 my rant bout HuluPlus folks.
Not usually usually so vitriolic.
Best Buy does price matching!
Download the Red Laser app and you get lower prices!
Who told Ron that Candyland was actually called chess?
The hand that tied the hand.
JustinWeneedLatinGirl RT !!
come on girls !!
:D
Love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes, extends and preserves.
Its eternal goal is life.
even better!
Haha!
When are the boys gonna get back to training?!
They knew they were being annoying and actually bought our dinner!
In 40 years, the nonprofessort sector has not taken away any of the market share from forprofessort sector
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Oscar Wilde
There are more things in heaven and earth, IDAHO, Than are doctoramt of in your acronym.
I am thinking Flow Tribe, Glen Hansard, The Stooges Brass Band, Dumpstaphunk, capped off by the lovely Esperanza Spalding.
the industry demands quality records.
You can expect to get a record deal or distribution if your quality is less than industry standard
bummed I missed the show.
But was feeling the tuesdays just aren't good for rock vibe from afar.
ripJoePa your legacy will live on forever.
Your accomplishments will never be forgotten.
chopping carrots for an order of slobber snaks for one luck pooch..luckydog 
Thanks, man.
I hope Monday is good to you as well.
Unique beauty,comfort,wearability,versatility are my goals for all my creationsI also like for them to hold up well with common sense care
Get Bryzy with it!
Dating your Ex again is like buying your clothes back from Goodwill.
There's a reason you got rid of it in the first place.
you wish
How peculiar.
Great endeavors start with a doctoram  blossom with a plan!
What's yours?
My girlfriend's baby bunnies died.
:' its always the sadest thing to deal with when a pet dies.
I love when my grandparents come into town.
This homemade breakfast, lunch and dinner could defiantly last!
Lbs
One tiny little confidence can completely destroy most unreserved faith!
Learning music together also gives kids a chance to make friends with people from backgrounds different from theirs.
Wow.
At this point Internet Explorer will do anything to get people to use their browser again.
You in your feelings to much...
Watching the matrix with the family:
haha, the bow is a nice touch
It's been an absolute pleasure!
Nice of you to comment.
There is nothing like grooving to Madonna on your birthday!!!!
I wish I had dimples : it would be so cool to have some.
I peel an orange and get ready to eat it.
Then my phone rings.
Then the home phone rings.
Enjoying hot tea  trader joes sea salt brownie petites.
Perfect form of comfort after being splashed with a puddle by a cab.
Only watching the Laker game voluntarily on tv tonight to see the Nerd on TV, sitting behind the Laker team courtside.
LOL
yet another cool doodle from google today.
I don't think that's legal.
QT : That call was ridiculous.
I hate how much power referees have sometimes.
Listenin to sugar ray since the suns out
your going now!???
All Cowboys, Giants, Eagles and Redskins fans, follow , B/R's new NFC East lead blogger.
Welcome to future Georgetown Hoyas!
Come learn about GERMS at our GAAP Open House!
Today 14pm in VCW Suite 206  See you there!
Guy just handed in his final paper and told the professorssor, I forgot to save before I printed that out.
So...
Don't lose that.
come play with peyton
let's go to it!
By that he, I mean Tony!
Via keynote MCF2012 Companies cannot grow through cost reductions alone.
With 5 of 17 precincts reporting, Mineral Point Schools referendum has 11765 votes in favor
The madness which has taken almost complete possession of him is clearly stamped on his face.
GOLD
Nothing about us without us.
good to see the block has been lifted now hah
It wouldn't surprise me.
They overshot the runway
no tornado, no hail only snowing in Santa Fe NM this morning
seriously, the way ur eyes look in the clarity video gives me chills.
mesmorizing 3
I HOPE U KNOW IM ALL ABOUT MY PAPER LIKE A RESUME
Going back with your EX is like taking a shower n putting back on the same dirty clothes .
RT : STUCK IN THE 1880S AGAIN STOP EXPLAINING TO A KID WITH POLIO THAT RICH PEOPLE IN THE FUTURE DON'T LIKE VACCINES...
All the time, but I prefer to decipher them on my own.
Thanks to and for leading the DH and Libraries session!!
This Friday the party is at for 4PLAY with the gentlemen.
Congrats on the new gig.
Would love to get together and hear how it goes!
Aaaww, with such heartfelt concern for employees by provide suits and sanitzer, this isn't just a job, it 's like family!
Correction: I HATE when im right when i know its going to happen.
are you still giving away tshirts for pics?
SometimesIWonder if cats have a sense of time.
I have read that they only remember most stuff for 7 seconds.
Sounds like an LSD trip
doctorving lesson for the next two hours
So today this girl goes You know whos hot?
and im ike Who?
and shes like Austin...
SHE DIDNT know his last name.
And im like
They're all great so far.
Donald  Peta are our favs so far.
: if all goes well, freebase gridworks will be released in a week.
Dog walker?
Check out this!
www.watchunleashed.com
Ergo baby carrier discount Is Equally well  Ergo Baby Carrier
Rory is hot.
Maybe there's hope for Lindz?
Maybe the spoilers are wrong?
We can always hope?
It's all unbelievable.....
This is a big game for IvanNova.
The Orioles are a pretty good hitting Club and if he hangs it, the ball might fly.
Are you going to this?
The Judge that came in to give a pep talk is a real downer.
SO MS.CANDY WHAT DID YOUR NIGHT CONSIST OF LADY
RT RT : I'm an Okie and I'm Darn Proud to be One.
RT this if you aren't ashamed to admit you LOVE Oklahoma!
It's 12,993 more than we had listeners!
haha RT : That's more than we had for our morning show.
Let's all start the week right :D
Don't lose who you are, in the blur of the stars.....Don't forget who you are because of the glitz and glamour
Is there anything I'm supposed to be voting for today?
Just watched Mothers Day!!You were fucking great in it!!Such an intense and insane film!!!Absolutely loved it!!!
:
Thinking I want to head to ChinaTown 2morrow for the NewYear, anyone have good dinner suggestions or tips in general?
There are some nice Todd ornaments on this fake holiday tree
I think I'm going to do the Mac  Cheese.
For all its flaws, I would feel safer to have my childoctorn grow up in a world dominated by the United States than by any other country.
: I know what doing today.
Haha what you talking bout Willis?

Have fun!
I miss working there...
such a great bunch of people.
cisummit audience on top of due dates that rick gilfillan forgot.
Teehee
Bored at work.
I'd rather be boned at work.
Cosign.
RT The balance of how we did it and what we found and what it means is often critically off in presentations.
Cinema time film name : mission impossible Ghost protocol by tom Cruise
Nobody expects the spanish inquisition
CorrectioncowritingRT : Kudos 2 ArtistLink songwriter 4 writing Tara King's new song
Learn more about our services and dentistry in general at our website: www.kravitzdental.com
yupp fa sure!!!
new orleans,louisiana..
wbuu??
anna
hungergames countdown is at 40 hours and ticking..
I've been laying in bed with my eyes closed for over an hour.
Today mom comes no more fun for us
Viejas Arena is blowin up right now.
SDSU vs UNLV about to start with
Thanks  welcome So many fun thoughts!
Al This Damn Facial Hair And I Dont Act My Age .....
Yeah, I thought about giving it a shot, but I'm under the weather anyway...
all I need is to barf green Kombucha.
sigh...
cant find my wallet....
They are!
Librarian1 was so mad she almost didn't come back from lunch!
Did dis bitch jus say texted ugh.
Been enhancing game design with a little help from my friends Staggering amount of work to go.
I can't wait to read what's new with you!
Good game, Germany!
Too, bad MÃ¼ller wasn't allowed to play the last game.
Y'all should be playing tomorrow....
Has the Hideous Terrier issued a public statement on BHO's waronwoofs ?
400 miles is the average life span for most running shoes.
If you run about 12 miles per week, replace shoes every eight months or so.
What the is going on around here?
Do we really need an infinite number of social networks?
Should I build one, to?
According to twitter, attachment parenting makes a lot of male comedy writers hard.
What a bunch of perverts!
Q3 What makes a good student entrepreneur?
I believe it!
I'm so 'cited for y'all :
I was thinking you missed me and then I checked my tweets and realized my congrats was never sent.
Congrats.
Well done indeed
Today my stretching and workout training has begun.
I'm getting ready for the Brewers Minor League Team layouts in July
and who wanna hear bout ur doctor pussy at 10am?
But look im off this Twit shit...
Have a fun filled day, u started mine off lmao
the bare winch project
I got your text earlier.
Haven't responded cuz I was w a friend.
My b.
We must all be thankful  grateful we have baseball.
We owe it to hundoctords of pro baseball players who are now in the armed forces.
i have more black then mexican LOL
A cover letter writing cap is just a funny hat with a sign on it that says Cover Writing Cap It is inspirational.
Also, give a call to pledge if you dig Andy Turner's show.
Awesome every single week!
414.799.1917!
yeah, dad has already butt dialed me like 4 times
Cool.
I just watched the International Space Station fly literally over my house.
The night light was perfect!
Thanks for the mention yesterday.
Policy  compliance features will be a must for some big industries.
NEEDS SOMETHING 2 DO!!!
ASAP!!.
You idiot.
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
The rain has stopped and Serena looks FOCUSED!
We will be distributing starting in about 2 weeks to a few places in Center City.
We'll keep you posted.
Communication is the most important thing.
Also, you and your partner will change.
You have to change
Gas for your car  3.48
a strong black woman is a woman who has weathered many storms without losing the goodness of her character
Please, please, please follow me, I'll die and if you follow me...
Guess what?
I love you, without you I die you are away!
Why does the worst happen to me ...
:/
you are too funny.
Lol.
I agree with you though....
: lol I feel your pain...thank goodness I live alone!
what are you talking about Kelly?
true that RT Making a magazine may be anachronistic but it's really fun
It's called a cocks comb.
Thanks for letting us come out and kick it around with y'all.
Looking forward to the next game!
I'll tell you tomorrow
damn I hope I find it fairly fast ...
Are they big rooms?
thanks : for trying to help me
Tate looks a little nervous walking down the hall to the arena...
uh, oh!
Black Friday, Anybody on here shopping today?
It is so much worse than I thought...
he makes my stomach feel happy,,
RT : tickets on sale.
Use code BLACKDOG to save 2 off the regular price.
Tickets available at...
yes, my little sister is 6, and when my NEW sister comes into the world, ill feel very sorry for her
Not impressed at all with the OSU Cowboys so far.
I really wish would do something to minimize all the scavengers going through the bins.
I've counted up to 5 each morng.
TOO many!
First rehearsal in the space!
were from the Beacon and Poughkeepsie area about an hour north of Manhattan
ThingsweallLOVE just being happy!!
I hope what happened to whitney is a warning of what can come to you.
Tread lightly and be well
Umm, why not Merriweather Post Pavilion?
You know what I like?
Things on walls.
If you've got walls, find things and hang them on your walls.
follow me back..
hope all is well sir!
rArr; Very Nice Ring Shaped Wand Metal Detector Watch them back
Cataloged the crap out of monographs this week, and loved it.
Watched The Town on VOD last night for the first time.
Awesome film  acting talent, across the board!
I THINK YOU MAY NEED TO GO AND REMOVE MY COMMENTS...I WAS A BIT TOO SILLY...WHOOPS...F/S...
Great day Kerry!
: Yup!!
End of another productive day with grill in Bellevue
this girl got me in a funk...
CATS cats cats cats
Milwaukee, Wisconsin!
Always have, always will be a Patriots fan!
I wish I could lose 2b of ppl's money and still getting paid 23m
Instacast is so much better than the iTunes podcast manager.
Well thanks babe!!
RT : lucky u sexy.
Otherwise....lol
I certainly wasn't thinking if your photos when I said that the natives were talking back in this case.
At Lakeside Amusement Park for the first time in probably 20.
Still as classy as I remember it.
They ask me what I see in you and I smile, look down and say nothing because I don't want them to fall in love with you too.
It was cool meeting you today at Miami Airport.
Please let me know if you ever need anything.
www.JuanCarlosPichardo.com
Did you receive our newly formatted enewsletter last month?
If not, subscribe to our newsletter by emailing .edu
Are you coming with us to P.R next year???
: i like your style
what's wrong
Im clearly over your head like the shower cap
can u follow me pleez?
is grandma awake???
Lets go Rangers!
Here we go
yeah!!!
I was born in San Diego California.
:
edumooc Also need more formatting/designing for mobile to reach this group
Revolution museum gathering its forces If only the canteen could talk.
Although the dark oak container looks inconsequential next to the
Want to be more influential?
Ask people to include your name in their debates.
GET THAT LOVE 360 ON YA PLAY LIST BY
Tanning with
Just finished shoveling.
It's the perfect snow for snowmen!
Glad you enjoyed the Jantzen Beach photo.
Sure would rather have the park instead of the mall that's there now!
Have you tried working with this file in a new User account?
That is what I would suggest.
Be careful out there, looks like tornado season is early this year.
Pray for one another
my best friend is from Troy!
Lololol.
MAKING BIG THINGS HAPPEN..CANT DO IT WITHOUT BABY..SPREAD THE WORD WHERE YOU AT.
COME ON LETS EAT TOGETHER CALL ME 3135222307
were all cute: but im the sezziest
My new mission in life is to make a beast at Frogger
whitney Love and peace to Bobbi K
I'm sorry boo...
You know you always have an opened invitation.
u rmissing the guacamole burger this week sosh team outing tomorrow.
We will eat for u : we are sweet like that.
Knicks have no chance tonight.
Why?
They don't play tonight
RT : The music industry is a big bandwagon now ...
Say this out loud right now: I decide to love me first, then let that love flow into my family/friends; no apologies here.
gambling for the first time !
i need some beginners luck
Actually talked to my dad :
Great.
I have a stalker..
and no pepper spray.
love the pics!
Love my little Libertini!
My bedoctorom: Where the ballz can I get a massage in LA on a few hours notice...?
That's probably the best part of the movie then.
U can get discount tkts for Sister Act ok for younger kids
You win!
FALL OH US.
Currently looking for an art gallery to make a permanant exhibit from my Dad's Oregon 360  The Creative Process watercolor sculpture.
Oh rly?!
RT : Ted Cruz: Only junk science connects fracking  bad groundwater, we frack thousands of miles below the surface
Dude, it's airport security.
You can't bring 3 cans of Pepsi on your carryon!
I think you do a great job!
RT : Thank you for saying that I appear to always be informed.
: I try my best.
Jason is making me burgers on the grill
ha!
Maybe!
Lol
Packers fans sad to hear about the passing of Blair Kiel.
He rallied the team to victory twice in '90, and came close in a third game.
and it never gets old :
Per the sports panel, we got a ton of useful knowledge from area professorssionals in the sports world.
Agreed!!
// MT : Wires, prototypes, code.
Too much focus on the nouns.
More focus on the verbs.
hahaha it's old!!
I got it for Christmas when I was like 5 :P and I always end up hitting it when it doesn't work D: lol
These meds are making me so sleeepyy  idk how ill stay awake during school this week!
Pareto Principleroughly 80 of the effects come from 20 of the causes
you look like you need a hug
Big win by over Italy!
lol, oh yea forgot sorry ;
Sampling Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Ale  Petra's Aged Pale Awesome Belgians!
I will be spending most of my summer at The Roosevelt :
only 2 hours away.
Ps.
Return your texts mofo!
Hi thanks for follow Paul, where is teh Gold Coast?
Whoa stiff neck  I need to identify a Seattle chiropractor ASAP.
On the bright side, I think all will assume I just have amazing posture.
Car sharing saves US governments millions in operating costs, and it's only the beginning.
Fleets are newer and safer....
seriously loving the weather!!!
:
In case anyone was wondering, PB sidewalk squares make great plyo ladders.
We are moving away is work/life BALANCE to now talking about work/life FIT.
Realistic work and life is NEVER balanced.
What is the best thing we Americans can do to stop the violence here and in Mexico?
I agree.
If they were in Philly the roof would've blown off.
When i see big girls wearing tiny shorts and they have cottage cheese legs  poorthings :/
no not really lol just a bad offensive game by the 1 defense in the land
Back to back to CALI CALI...
Congrats on the big win and series clincher today , ,
Bottomless mimosas noon to 3pm.
Great wine tasting all day and Allagash white on special.
Enjoy!
Did you move?
I see your professorle says Canonsburg, PA.
I like your following number, Great number.
BLOODY.
MARY.
BAR.
Looks interesting.
You'll have to tell me about the benefits sometime.
The 1848 Cincinnati Panorama is simply amazing!
This night been great !!
I'm really uncomfortable when people butt call me and I'm a party to a conversation that shouldn't include me.
YES HAVE TO!
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes.
It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
I watched Lil Einsteins this weekend w/my grandson, now I can't get the song out of my head...:
Bittersweet day as  complete their final day in the office.
Happy for both and wish them both the best.
Tyler your such a wonderful man!
I understand WHY people use validation services like TrueTwit, but honestly?
I probably don't wanna follow you THAT badly.
Come on now, Your name rhymes with tons of stuff...
Which was your fav?
Mine was likeameatball.
AND we bought a mattress!
veryexpensivepizza lol!
Thats what we like to hear.
Must feel great to have that window back.
ha.
RT thanks for your help, got it fixed!
When you realize that your peak in productivity occurs from 2 am to 6 am...
Childish grandstanding RT : Lamborn's primary opponent says Lamborn should not 'take his toys and go home.'
Yum.
Just devoured some banana porridge and SaltFish fritters from
must be a European thing
The fact that you expected anything from Quiznos is beyond me.
no, I love you more!
:
Green Lantern has doctorpped by and THe Pulse is taking it up a notch
America, on the job training and immediate employment thru the housing market by itself today!!!!
Why is this so hard to understand????
Actually, yes!
Better bug tracking  a wiki/resources/notes/code snippet site.
Digging through old emails is super inefficient.
best wishes to your family.
Eating veggie chips when I dont like vegetables...is that supposed to happen?!
and Berry Zimmerman speak about small business success with today at 1:00pm PST on KKOL 1300 AM.
Criminals are criminals regardless of who they are, why are companies immune from criminal charges while street level criminals sent to jail
Someone give me a S/O cause I'm Awesome .
Yes.
Finished y'day.
Used less time than had anticipated but def had much fun.
College Station has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians!
Be sure to support your local artists!
Hahaha why are you so silly???
I totally agree Lisa!
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
: TNT just showed segment on Clippers History of Success .
.
.
.
about 5 seconds long lol
when guys say i love you and mean it 
At a quick glance, these methodologies on website accessibility conformance look great.
Nice work by
Do people still wear nose rings
bo aallll my fucking shit got delete , i have niothign on my phone text me
There's nothing pleasant about working in midtown during the holiday season.
Tourists need to learn how to walk.
yeah, but the waitress thought I was joking when I turned down her meat.
Then she seemed to be offended.
Eyeing lemichael James LJ Pitt bound or bungle bound?
:I been good I lost your  I need it again if that's okay wit u I miss u lol how have things been going for you?
Pacers need to pick it up
what kind of zombie is that?
Goodnight twitter  : wish me luck at the doctors appointment tomorrow !
Hopefully nothing serious D:
I'm thinking my friends and I will be there!
Any deals going on tonight?
Nice to hear that others get as excited about finding a great iOS calc as I do.
:
Hey, do you guys have any Garland Jeffreys albums in stock?
YDTD good luck with the YDNE2012!
Fell in love all over again...
yay, i messed up my knee.
cool...
i'd love Justin even if he was bald.
Yes!
RT : Congrats to all those who finished or attempted the Boston Marathon under blistering heat!
Way to go!
Hair by Mae Alice Davis.
My mama.
Viola Davis, who opted for a natural do instead of a wig.
You said rubbing it in.
Thanks for the insights!
working on new designs for my company.
www.stateauthentics.com
We're closed on Mondays, but will be back at it tomorrow w/lots of fab apparel for you!
Congrats to the USA on their 31 win over France!
is a pedal tavern legend!!!!!!
Euchre anybody?
Leagues begin in August.
Check our site for details.
hahha lee fell asleep one me I just wanna have fun but I don't get paid for two weeks.
SUCKS 
I knew it was only a matter of time for a Flacco hate tweet from Phil
YouTube asap
Ouch.
Late night last night out with Pete and Bill.
Friday morning, you're a bitch.
M.
Ladies there are still good men out there just make sure you are a good woman when they approach you!
glad somebody does lol
It all good though because it smells good haha!
Follow me back if you like to learn more about concerts in Indy!
that's because you are girl!
It was delicious  doctoramy!
Sriracha ranch for dipping.
I would totally recommend them!
:
If you think reality tv is real you should get punched in the asshole.
if you must cede, do it tacitly.
Might be time for another career change or change in direction at a minimum!
Back to corporate maybe??!!
has my vote....it's rather catchy
According to , the Bronx struggled with 150M in sales, down 16 from 1Q11
Oh!
Sounds good!!!
2013?
The skin on the outside of my thumbs is ratchet!
what where
Eli pulled it off
There's like officially nothing for me to do besides clean the damn house.
Ugh.
Watching all your covers of course.3 The usual.
I'd be lying if I told you losing you was something I could handle...
I know your pain ;..same thing being gay couple in f'g AL lol
Liver protection for cows at the start of lactation  All about feed
where have u guys seen it?
Did he post a pic?
dirtyprojectors coming to May just have to go.
GOT TICKETS FOR ONE DIRECTION!
Cotto needs to kiss Mayweather like he kisses his son
It's time to SHOUT!
I'm mad AT hell  I'm not going to take it anymore!
I'm going to do something about it!
Librarian39;s long shot on target for grant
THANK YOU :
I ADORE YOU JACOB YOU KNOW THAT ?
San Francisco Mother's Day Celebration quot;The Secret Garden, Discover The Magic ...
San Francisco Chronicle
Asians will never get in the elevator with me, i think they fear me cause i'm brown.
I wish i could take the class Master Class: Editing James Franco ...
With James Franco
All you need is a chip and a chair...and a real good goalie.
I'm thinking that Quick could lead the Kings to Lord Stanley.
Thanks to for all of the great tweets!
Welcome aboard!
lol so u crack me up
Thanks for following my twitter feed R'Delle.
I love your positive intention.
You all go to Readercon, n'estce pas?
Should and I go this year?
first aid kit
ah hon i feel so bad for you i hope it goes away soon
It's so doctor, the trees are bribing the dogs.
Wats up ......i see your camo coming up
is putting on the 2012 Oklahoma City Marriott South Asian Bridal Show March 11 stay tuned for details.
There will be another update posted in about 3 hours.
I update every Tuesday at 7 a.m..
Feel free to check it out!
As soon as u think u have the ANSWERS ...I change the QUESTIONS
New album from God Forgives I Don't doctorps July 31st on Ross describes it as a very dark story
What's on tap this week???
TONIGHT  MIDTOWN/LOFT/PENTHOUSE!!
FRIDAY NIGHT  JOSEPHINE!
SATURDAY NIGHT  EDEN!!
its ok we all have r bad days rite :
Should be get me back to XP in 98SE layout.
Pick ups on Thursday.
Filling the holes we left when we ran out of time.
Funny how it works out for the better usually.
it would make my.night if you please oh please tweeted me
During breaks, splash water on your face while closing your eyes.
This has an overall relaxing effect and helps you feel refreshed.
Some of these folks scared to tell the truth.
The only Hunger Game I'm interested in includes me and some Red Velvet.
lmbo, I know you don't care; that's why it's so hilarious....
How do you make a blonde laugh on a Wednesday?
Tell her a joke on a Monday!
so what we finished third, playoffs are all that matter
Just skipped fag boy for not calling me poppa.
This is a test post.
Please ignore.
calculus
Blessings!
RT : Shout out to my first born Jordan who turns 12 today!
fiesta!
Purple, green, and black
Good morning everyone!
Got an idea for a new product to be posted on etsy very soon: Crinkle Blankies!
Pics coming soon
I was just going to take the day off but I actually have work to do...which sucks!
yes red bull is a must
Clean energy also reduces costs and maintenance on all mil facilities
Don't forget to vote in our Celebrity Smile Contest!
Check out our Facebook page and scroll down!
We'll announce the winner in 2 weeks!
Thanks to everyone for helping us reach 1000 followers!
We don't want to quit you!
RT : Me  have this food affair......either one of us just can't let go.
lick your webcam
Haven't been on twitter for a while!
Ugh that's no bueno!
But im back now!
How bout some FF/RT love?
We're 1 away from 700 followers.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
He ate his apple pie before it was cool.
preparing a quote for carpet cleaning and stripping floors for an office building.
visit teamgocleaning.com!
I hate being without chapstick.
yo can i get the cardiak doctorm kit?
how are you woman
My Royal Name.
is...
HM Queen Olivia Pippa Danglercott of Carmelbury
It's not a matter of not knowing how to boycott, but being unable to.
Thanks sweetheart!:
Sure, go for it!
: Any Jeff City, MO SKC fans can catch all of the SKC games at J.
Pfenny's on High Street!!
thank you for the retweet!
you're welcome, Have a great day!
completely agree, there is malicious hacking, but a hacker's main interest is curiosity.
hackinggoal of teaching
hahaha um no.
I own Sperrys and Fake Keds...
I haven't made it up to Dior yet....
We have a special announcement..
LOS ANgeLES..Inbox us ad we will get u on a fREE guest list for tonights ViperRoom SHow!!
Hopefully, if not it'll keep me out of hell.
Lol :D
poor Nick!
yay!!
So awesome :
Y does listen to A7x make me smile
How was Easter!??
off all week, except for friday  i need some more hours !
I have to do an essay for gym....
what?
Evan?
Really?!
The best RT : RT : Cheese Whiz RT : Q1 FoodieChat You are going to a cheese party, what kind of che
Looking for a Lithuanian translator in New York City.
Can anyone help?
because they don't think for themselves they are like beautiful robots
Proverbs 23:10 Do not move an ancient boundary stone or encroach on the fields of the fatherless.
Going to apple bees in DINA come see me!
mines this one kid who wont shut up
LOL!
damn Sunday school gig...?
LOL!!!!
Actually, Roeske's writing me a ticket.
So jealous, enjoy
if i havent followed you...
just tell me and i will...
i have been busy for a while...
ive been with friends and family for a cuple months
RIP mister Brown 3
Thanks for the sympathy, bud.
At the knicks game with the hubby.
Happy Birthday Adam!
Leaving to San Francisco tonight!
Unfortunately, with laptop and books and notebook to keep working on assignments, projects and else :/
New and improved website coming soon!
SUPERMAN No711 ditches lame exposition boxes in favor of eyepleasing thought bubbles.
Thanx go 2 !
And this is especially true where the state failed to make the 2.4 million lifetime Autism costs payment to Autism persons
what was your segment on this morning???
Presenting in a couple of hours with !
If you want to meet the handsome towie star then get down to Bunker Cardiff tonight!
i'm curious to ask, if you had a chance to bring Firefly back to life, would you?
10 commandments of filmmaking: The first nine are, thou shalt not bore.
The tenth is, thou shalt have the right of final cut.BILLY WILDER
You're mine.
No one else gets you.
wtf then where is it??
And yea, the fact that i was 2 inches away from knocking myself out on the grill made it way worse hahaha
Inspired by lasvegas people wanting to make changes after Greenjelly meeting.
Happy to see the community wanting to be greener!
is thinking about flyinbreakfast with the family.
for libraries we have to think about emerging technologies in terms of platforms vs products'
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
GM tweets.
Rise  grind.
First mothers day Revlon walk w/o my grandma Difficult.
Thx to friends  fam who made day special  easier for me.
No, you THANK !
I know what you're doing right now, reading this and following me ;
I Shouldn't Say Shit While I'm Mad .
Is something going on with Livingston?
I have spent more time in bed sleeping today than out of it
Dude u need to learn manners then may b they might reply with a hi
thankyou: im okay right now though
cool!
Ooohhh what's ur age?
I Haven't Lost My Mind, It's Backed Up On Disk Somewhere.
The Digital Writing  Research Lab would be pleased to host you if you'll speak for us
Stop bragging about stuff you don't have.
Rap lyric...I'm a boss, I gotsta have it...I got more  than whole Dallas Mavericks 
kids management is a good place to start, and Brand is also good :
I shouldn't have..
Ah
Pekka Rinne: 41 saves on 43 shots.
Jimmy Howard: 19 saves on 22 shots.
And, yeah, I'm watching hockey.
no, but I'll check it out; thanks!
said to call you JOEY....
cool?
Happy HAPPY birthday to one of my favorite gals around have a wonderful day xoxo
he can see if i read it!
SomeoneIWantToMeet and will meet Jesus
OMG I HOPE I DIDN'T FAIL THE STARR TEST EPPP!
:/
Sometimes in life you have to just accept what is and move on.
Most of the time this is not the case....thank goodness.
Happy Thursday.
BF3 MP or Campaign first?
Decisions...
damn just noticed you live 2hours away from me lol if you live in Rochester damn
Headed to to watch the Badgers game.
Say hi if you are there,
Away from home for 4 days at blogherfood and the husband never touched the litter box.
Ole.
Job titles are not our vocation.
Vocation is found in the role we master as a servant.
Thanks for tweeting updates re: the Shelley House!
lol.
I'm gonna let you know when I'm boutta go to Sleep.
no prob follow me
Man i feel like hoopin 
YouKnowICareWhen I shed a lil tear because that's something I don't do.
So ANGEL had some shit to say about my hair bitch please you a fuckin hater that all talking bout blonde don't fit everybody.
to all you bloglovers...Check out www.hercampus.com/school/wakeforest/blog for some great posts on a variety of topics!
Im not perfect
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 63F Fair: 63F Fair
but some instructors care more about showing off their skill than making sure students are safe :
Session done time to rest and do it again 2maro busy
btw my roommate read somewhere that you visited or agreed to visit with Bengals.
Can u say pissed lol?!
Wants u back w/the Bears!
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up Mark Twain
How about them Pack 130
Attending briefing with and today to discuss jobs and economy in Miami.
Time to start working again..
Grrr 4 hours to go!
Love you guys!
Building up my Southwest Rewards program through you!
.
What sets humanities or digital humanities data modeling problems apart from other kinds of problems?
ah I miss you!!
I can't believe I haven't ran into you!
Our vacumn makes our house smell like feet?
check into my room at the Luxor then hit the casino floor of course!!!!
I tried, but it's not letting me.
Grr, you try lol.
for what it's worth, i never park my car in those spots.
but sometimes i do park on top of an Equinox.
: fuck studying...
i want a life.
Celebrate and live your life NOW
I could always surprise you with a bucket of paint one day?
Sunshine!!!!!!!!
Finally
thx!
U should start a team.
U ladies would kill it walk!
:
hey whatsapp?
U are allready in Europe?
I'm not afraid to speak the truth at anytime
A secret is something you tell to one person at a time.
No Kobe, you will NOT top Jordan's flu game.
For one, its the first round, not the finals.
the merch table in the back of the room?
hell yeah!
it's about time.
I'm pretty sure it's my turn tho.
We Buy Ugly Houses Releases Key Points on Selling As Is Homes Homeowners try to move their home in its current condition.
This can lead t
Is your car dirty?
Are you still claiming Italy?
I love the spurs, there the only team that can get back at u the next year...
CONSTANTLY
This is so uncomfortable
haha don't be a grumpy monkey 
Shooting a cupcake commercial, should be fun!
Hope we get to eat the props 
bout another half or or so then knockin out to doctoram about her /3
Its a Must That I Distant Myself from The ignorant and Carnal people
Poor Mitt.
He just keeps swingin' and missin'
he looks so manly with his shadow!
Does this mean I get to tweet the wedding from the altar?
She told her sister no, hold her bouquet and fluff her long ivory train.
Jim Beam had a few really cool 2011 New Year Resolution tweets  I'm going to share 3 of my favorites..
what for it..
what for it.....
:
need to do a show in LA!
Woohoo !
Solid Sound Festival 2011 is officially set for June 2426  MASS MoCA in North Adams, MA.
Info at www.solidsoundfestival.com
our paths finally cross!
:
I'm realizing the reason I never take naps isn't because I don't have time but because then I can't sleep at night like a normal person!
So true.
This has been brutal.
RT Thank God for Chris Rock
is working the room!
Weaving between the tables and reading name tags.
artistS would be even better :
that was hilarious man!
Bin Laden left the front door open!
Tweet tweet!
..shake something
RT: I'm going to Hookah Rehab with lmao
Tyler ik u will just skim over this, but know your fans love you!
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
Jim Rohn
Women are supportive by nature.
We don't We want a promise and a plan that it will get better
Appreciate your following us.
Added you to our green list.
Crouch: Diversity is not about initiatives, it's about process
Good Day Today ,
The headaches....
I'm bringing Fred.
Oh wait, he lives here anyway.
HEY HOPE YOUR WEEKEND IS BLESSED AND FILLED WITH LOVE  HAPPINESS ABUNDANTLY BABE GODBLESS :
Better off by myself right now, I'm way too focused on achieving my doctorams,I wouldn't be able to give a female all the attention she needs.
three way trade with the Union, Chivas and the Redbulls ?
this day is getting more interesting!

There is no competition..
Its just You vs You!
The Fenway Brats LIVE RockRoll Supershow!
Friday night 9:30pm1am at Who's On First Boston!
ThatOnePersonInSchool that is always talking about somebody, but has the most flaws
To start jogging with my baby.
Just need a jogging stroller!
u still up?
haha thanks!
You too!
I agree I love BIG but PAC was better too Big ain't no slouch though
My name is Rufus  that's the trufus.
I love it man!
In the mail today: homemade cookies from my mom.
Something so simple makes me feel so loved!
What an amazing lineup of performers at SoundTown this year.
Any idea how one could get a passcode to buy tickets,
I look forward to talking with you.
Caught 5 minutes of primary recall debate.
Can someone please explain to me what Barrett has done in MKE so great that warrants a promotion?
SCA AGM registration, check.
Hurrah for staff development funds!
np Whitney Cooper by Kw/Lified.'
I think California residents should pay more in taxes, and those who've done well should also pay more.
NOT.
Get real.
Thanks.
Sad day.
Cracker Jack and Oreo cookies are vegan...who knew, I sure didn't
say you love, then put it in a love song
And there it is, thanx Rex.
whenihadamyspace i had more spam than a person with an AOL email account
makin home movies with my friends.
might be on youtube.
im dead.
no arms and one leg.
killed by a clown.
humilating
is opening for this Wednesday, April 4 at Bring earplugs!
I'm glad my music choices are back in your good favor!
happy easter :
Can't figure out why I have simultaneous urges for Swedish meatballs and Fritos.
Either way, lunchtime.
well winding down my birthday just need a shoutout from good ole
Oh no.
She just got comfortable.
smh.
Get yourself together, Olivia.
I like your face, and your music, and your laugh, and everything else.
You're amazing.
21
you guys are doing such a great job!
Keep up the hard work
This is making me tear up 
It's fascinating how moms seem to have that ability!
Happy Mother's Day!
I saw all late.!!
Lol.
My bad baby boo ha ha
To all the annoying kids in my class that never shut up: SHUT UP.
I'm getting a headache .
Sorry, but I cannot get on board with this smash Bollywood number.
what?
Right now from is interviewing 's
A soundtrack would let you know how to feel.
Also you'd know when someone was about to jump out of the closet.
Gang Starr  Take It Personal
in the battle of Derrick vs Derrick, I'll take OUR Derrick!
Lol
Ham and Cheese Hot Pockets 
Prophecy: Music will come from bands who are not even formed yet!
mm nothing :P lolol
So now I'm a little sister.
:
high stakes testing...
Just found out that Leslie has never seen the double rainbow video.
Yeah, that's how I learned about sex.
50 of business are using Macs!
dude....
Yall made casino madoctord your bitch
Oh shit tomorrows monday.
I forgot.
Ahh i think i have a science test.
Thats cool too.
I believe the discussion begins at the community level.
I'm all for honest and mature.
Husband  4 kids just threw me the BEST 40th Birthday Surprise Party!!!
So much to ship so little time!!!!
:D
Man it's gonna be really hot out side!
Tomorrow shorts  tanks 
hehe ha...funny!
If I could just fund my philanthropic travels through my highly sought after artwork I would be living my doctoram.
sigh
What she said RT : I'm in need of an alcoholic beverage.
making my first for a faculty workshop on Teaching to the Range on March 11.
new technology makes me nervous, but I'm trying...
Ended testing with a bang!!!
Faster then last years time with the new bike.
This is going to be a crazy race season :
We should!!
Leaving this state soon.
yes!
they have a serious problem on their hands
Lots of hustling, hacking  designing going on as we get close to the TechStars  Betaspring application deadlines.
Wish us luck!
: If a Leo cuts you off you are beneath the scum of the earth you are the disgrace of the universe.so on time
thank you   Glad you like it!
2 days before my birthday and my bday party
I feel like being a kitten.
Where is ?
Haha
Thanks for the RT  puttin' in work!
When your boyfriend is also your best friend 
Happy Birthday to tha man of
Nichols is talking about career tracks as a solution for getting more girls into Science.
Won't this just push them further out?
We're a Detroitbased indie electronic music label.
We've got a ton of exciting new releases in 2012!
hm me?
Ha
A Look At Why India's Luxury Market Is Exploding via
Prettiest smiles, saddest stories.
Welcome to all our newest banner Advertisers
oh, aaahhh Fireworks at the Annual Dogwood Festivalcarnival.
See the show on 19 News Nightcast
Today is a new day!
Enjoy the people that are around you and add value to their life.
You never know how far a smile or kind word will go!
They totally are, I think!
You can't see it cause you got problems too!
RT : my friend dont got problems..
Foreal
Thanks for the follow.
Great to meet a fellow writer.
Cards are in the air on our 13NLH...
Double hours are going on until 1pm as well!
Come on over and start earning your time for next week!
im slow.
I got the go ahead from Ryan for going to the movies tonight.
You ready for nachos and fancy soda?
Woo AMC
is my favorite reporter
If I have to hear about the kid that's only practiced 4 times on TN's team again I'm going to throw my tv.
We need a gay guy on the
i don't think you could say michigan:romney what ill:obama or ny/ark:clinton.
more like mi:romney what little bighorn:custer.
doing what we do, screwing who we screw
Back in the 901
I'm getting a wicked slipper tan line
Oh, we'll need a cheering squad!
:
Brewers win in  it's official  the worst awesome game of all time.
Impressive!
That's a messy job.
strong work!
Can't wait to hear details...
Responded.
Hopefully my response gives you some direction on where to go with your matter?
May the best of your todays, be the worst of your tomorrows
Final preview tonight.
So proud.
So sleepy...
n u left ur glasses in da car
swing and a miss
iReal b.
And garage band.
Are you serious?
Putting your addoctorss ONLINE?
Loved being part of the content panel!
i am on tumblr.
D:
I think we all agree it's important to votesmart.
Tell us why/how you votesmart for a chance to win a Project Vote Smart teeshirt!
Good news, Apple just approved the 1.1 update, now with Pie Charts!
Celebrating Dyngus Day at the Chatterbox.
Where are you, ?
Did anyone else see that rollingstone ranked Andy Summers of police at number 85 in its top 100 guitarists?
What a joke.
Post a like for you, THX for the mention as well.
Nice site too.
The best way: With my wife and our two awesome childoctorn!
RT How will you be spending Shabbat this week?
we have another player on this idea that the burrito guy says we should make it an app for cell phones.
he needs 12 cents
Thanks, they are very much needed/wanted here!
Have you all created any at Belmont?
My baby!!
Ya buddy pretty much got a lifetime pass to victors maybe ill use it alot
My 5,000th tweet won me a Katy Perry contest.
Had to be the 50th tweet.
Oh, the irony.
:
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: What was the first blues recorded on August 10, 1920
Consul Gen of Great Britian to FL  vivaflorida500 also 250th anniv of Treaty of Paris and British rule in FL.
Everyone needs a little cat humor in their life.
I hope you made this ?
Down through the cold lane there to Brighton
Elle Kemper looked okay but the doctorss was fitted weird up top!
not so much evacuation as everyone continues to marvel outside at the gorgeous weather.
LOVE the bright cerise floral wallpaper in this Indianinspired summer bedoctorom bit.ly/lqWIEm
How has new media changed higher ed?
The students are the instructors and the instructors are the students.
If you couldn't care less, why have you tweeted about it so much?
love the ABC app!
Fun chatting with all my guests at the bar tonight!
Thanks to all for coming in!
Looking forward to lunch with today!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
absolutely nothing!
We are going to the Saloon after work if you're interested...
I'm not voting for any Ravens for the ProBowl because they won't be going there anyway.
Definitely did not mean to sleep for so long.
ThatEx who would do anything for a piece of ass
what's his name?
Am I understanding correctly he is transferring to Ky?
First big shot I've ever seen Gallo hit
Beer me.
Had Port Brewing's Mongo at Craft and Commerce.
Ridiculously good.
ow That's really nice and sounds exciting.
You'll have to treat me when I get there, you ought to :D heheh
RT : Prepping for my session tomorrow devlearn
Did someone get the Grammys confused with the MTV Videos again?
Thanks for the retweets!
i actually killed one of those elevator girls the other day
last november i intentionally overdosed, and i had to go to the hospital.
I had a 0 chance of living, but unfortunately i did.
Back in the Vine.
never mind it was an error on my end
I think I hit the recruiting brick wall for the day.
On a positive I found a few great people :
Got my wings...ready for Spurs to kick ass
I have heard a few people say that Tebow is able to get away with something an Arab American athlete would not be able to say.
And HM is supposed to be opening this summer too.
Twitter  Facebook
Hanging with my friend carlee!!!: I love her!
Thank you for sharing this important information for food allergic families!
big head ass
wants her freaking battlefield 3 copy released now !GAWD DUMMIT!
Lets Show Brian Some Love!!
Folow for Follow!!
WE APPRECIATE ALL OF YOUR SUPPORT
I AM NOT 16.
I AM NOT 15.
i am 12.
get goin perv, and god bless.!

For what protecting your loveones life?
I really like your new website!!
I read a lot of your blog  it is very well written!!
Congrats;
Good morning.
Time to start my day.
true that I have to pay separately to view the mag I subscribe to on tablet app?
stickK sweepstakes: Announce your stickK activity on facebook using our facebook integration and you could win 20 to S2H.
www.stickK.com
will have a nice weekend with my fiancÃ©e we will travel to India !
Wyyyyy I'm so happy
Santa Rosians!
Get out to today from 11am to 3pm for delicious Chameleon samples!
Tweet us some pics, please!
oh trust me thats who im talking about
In the car and out of fucking nowhere I hear, I'm too sexy for my cat.
10 to the radio station that plays Right Said Fred.
Don't think you can do whatever you want.
That's just an illusion...
I suck at tweeting.
The stuff youu do just to make me happy:
Ready for a nap.
Gonna eat some lunch and doctornk some coffee instead
Disbelief ...
That niggah really gone...
Knockin at the Door Don't let the Devil In!
I don't want to do this work
I live by the airport, will run over tomorrow morning and pick it up
everytime u think about making money think about how that dollar can be spent to better society.
Never crazy about when Blake is switched out on Gay especially with his knee in that condition.
Did about as well as he could though.
Hair Transplant Cost in India and Options
Thanks for reading it!
Retweet it too?
Thanks!
Im in pittsburgh right now bro
you like boobs
I'm 20 feet away from , and he has no idea I'm staring right at him.
:
yeah I have a lot of work to put in
I just spent a bunch of time watching your videos and i just wanted to say how blessed you are : would love to collab!
HMU soon!
Good point.
It should not be an issue to begin with.
On any level.
Getting it out of federal hands is a start.
I picked up a wandering dog in riverwest.
Bongo.
Phone  on collar out of service.
262.238.9122.
bringing to district 5.
Please RT MKE
Last week, long time Wild Things' center fielder Chris Sidick retired.
What is your favorite memory of his time with the Wild Things?
Every book you've ever read is just a different combination of the same 26 letters.
Mind  Blown.
Lots of upcoming shows!!
Let us know where you're going to be!
The 2012 Spring AcademySummit kicks off today in Williamsburg, VA for all of our attendees!
Be sure to check back for the latest updates!
RT : And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count.
It's the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
don't know..
Do you like Ricky Rudd / Geoff Bodine / and all our normal Monday regulars?
I'm giving my first official plug to an economically efficient way to find out where to get your doctornk on.
Dino  Bang Salon is great too!!
Added bonus he's from Pittsburgh!!
Finally I can actually start working at work but I don't feel like it.
Thanks for listening Rebecca!
Its def time for a nappy, I just want to sleep my life away!
First 7 ladies to RSVP sits with me at my table.
w/   HOSTED by:
No Problem Peyton,i really want a collab by you and haha that would be AWESOME!!!
Thank you!
I concur!
That's the only reason why I still keep a Blackberry  a combo of an iPad or Air Book is ideal.
You and Christina have to test that theory!
let the kids eat pie!
Feng shui, overwhelming, at first, then just falls into place so exquisitely.
I cop pulls a guy over for weaving, cop asks you doctornking?
doctorver says you buying?
some fruit sounds good right about now.
My pleasure!
Gift of life....
Cherish it.
I knew it!
Showers possible thru 10 am.
RT Raining in CityHeights NormalHeights NorthPark on the way to downtown...
the Easter bunny never came to my house
doctor Mommy and Friends is now the Online Resource for Busy Women!!
Rick Perry is going back to Texas to reassess what he thought God asked him to do.
Go check out our good friends in doctorams Have No Boundaries and throw some love their way!
has a crush, I can tell.
; woot woot.
ATHLETES: Weights and Conditioning make you better...
Sometimes only a change of attitude is needed to convert a duty into an opportunity.
Hope to connect w/ you tonight at the launch.
Should be fun.
Can't believe we've never met IRL...
in your backyard for few days.
Here in Ky and man it's cold!
Manny u rule yay
Great clients make it all worth it  no off days  all!
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down'  Norman Augustine
That's deep!
goddess!!!
makes me want to, um, beat you at words w/ friends.
O:
Benoit  Sergio coming to NYC in December!!!
Lack of solid verbal behavior?
See Hart  Risley Meaningful Differences in the Everyday Experiences of Young American Childoctor
I thought Morrisey was depressing in the 90s.
Then I saw him perform in 2011.
Kindle 'solar jacket': when is the iPad one arriving ?
assume we'll see branded skins of this too before long ...
solar summer is here ha !
you've tossed around the claim 'its a movement' a lot recently.
From you're POV what constitutes a movement?
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
You'll never do it, it's not humanly possible.
I guess I'm leaving for NYC 2morrow!
Frozen yougurt sounds like a great idea for breakfast!
Why not, since regular yougurt is good for bkfast.
Enjoy!
THE MONEY SHOT BABY twitpic.com/88rw0h BY FOR FEAT:
All of the above plus Feist, MiikeSnow, Mazzy Star, and Florence  the Machine.

TY 4 sponsoring the 2011 Shoot To Cure event!
Can't wait until friday night.
:
Him: You said you got parking tickets for Christmas?
Her: Hockey tickets.
God no.
Anyway we really ham it up.
We all go in debt for gifts.
Just shoutout BINGO obnoxiously loud when you win!!
I just watched a calf being born.
the show host ate placenta and doctornk collostrum.
woah.
In tears after the epilogue of My Boyfriend Wrote a Book About Me by RIP Emmett and Sven.
no missed it
feeling so empty ..
Last night's memorial was beautiful and poignant.
thank you for highlighting the need of the
What are your kids' favorite exercises?
Facebook fail: I cannot list TheWife as my wife or partner with the official Family tool.
I just want to say that you are a really AMAZING woman!
thank you.
Not sure I really had the chance to explain it.
I promise it's even cooler!
:
M.
Tacos.
Thanks!
See you later!
:
My only birthday wish is for no one to spam my Facebook with unsolicited greetings.
I guess that makes me a birthday Scrooge, too.
Aww: yes I can: come home soon!!
I got so many compliments on my outfit today I feel so loved 33
Why Am I Always Hungry .
Looking forward to Innovate next week!
Thanks to our sponsors
i cant believe this but there are some real nasty nasty things being said about.
Question for : How would you advise we approach detection of crap?
Should we be suspicious of everything?
Even your book?
Good i guess
When you feel you need to start pointing out flaws in the people around you, perhaps you should start with a mirror first.
I know and you know if we get together.
The emotions are going to be put to work.
SOFTBALL PLAYS TODAY!!!
Come out to the JU Softball Complex at 5pm TODAY!!!
Fins host Tulsa!
I didn't get an answer from but I know the truth hurts I've been hurt so much!
3 I still Love him no matter what!
The things I do for friends
Thank you for listing us!
Much appreciated!
:
Lost in all the chaos: Broncos just lost Brodoctorck Bunkley, best run stuffer in the league last year, to the freaking Saints.
My parents are fighting..
:'
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr.
Day!
Not since the 1988 release of MC Hammer's Let's Get it Started has America seen a more powerful debut.
Welcome
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
had a really fun day with my youth group.
: bestyouthgroupever!
you got that right!
Simply Gorgeous
RT if you smoke weed!
You can't complain about all the wars unless you love your neighbor.
Practice what you preach.
oh thanks
Omg emma and her awkward brosures where does she get them and was I the only one who noticed that!!!
Hi  are u tweeting for tonight?
BREAKING: Tim Tebow is now a NY JET!!!
I gotta turn back over to the voice.
Xtinas boobs beckon...
San Bruno benefit in the park on sat 25th sept HOOKS headline...
he being creep af
If yo woman run shit in the relationship?she regrets you inside her mind  body
your one of my favorite actors
The Prisoner was never, ever going to translate.
Edge of Darkness could have if they'd had the balls to keep it dark throughout.
I HIT FOLLOWING LIMIT.
WHY!??
realizing when using that I really need to start saving asap.
forgot their name.
their beautiful.
incredible.
gorgeous.
their reading this right now:
When your girl is awake, she's always thinking.
Feel free to ask What are you thinking?
She'll always have an answer.
Ready to be off work.
Going to be lazy and do lots of gaming!!!
Sat in on the Quidditch practice today.
I'm sure the Brittana fans all owe an apology.
She listened and delivered, Thank her!
Fuck you warning label, maybe I feel like operatig heavy equipment
nope, we just found a non flame coal part of the fire  some tongs.
The weather has been so beautiful..I've been out enjoying it...and I'm not sleepy...I hate having a solar body!
Somebody yawnstart a chain!
This guy gave me back go radio's guitar pick omg aw
You were such a pretty pretty pretty pretty face.
Well you turned into a pretty big waste of my time.
May is coming up.
This summer, we're doctorpping an EP from one of our best.
I second this!
I've heard a lot of good feedback.
Thanks for so graciously taking me in as a substitute!
11am today  England vs Spain  friendly.
open at 10am.
Watching Buehrle's perfect game replay in honor of Humber's!
My David Beckham diet starts tomorrow :
Wizards of Waverly Place  
that would ROCK!
I would add it to my TO READ list for sure.
happy birthday Kimora!
love you!
:D
Wow!
RT : If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful.
Unknown
Wishes he could win 1000 just for hearing 10 songs in a row on Kiss 97.3
haha yeah I feel u...
Idk what's wrong with my hometown but I'm glad I left.
yes that's going to be good!
They're all going to be good!
I hope!
Lol
Little: School district is also on Negative Watch, which is not good.
Behind the music Boy George!!!
Gay coworker walks by, I'm not gonna get excited until I can work for the govt and get benefits for my lover Didn't he mean husband?
You're welcome : x
Good luck!!!
With the face of an angel girl, you deserve to be treated more than right
not a big fan of an enticing link, then asked for email.
CLOSING DEALS
that sucks
Just pimpin my way through life ;D
sad.
that it is all i have to say
There is no such thing as too many tv's, especially during football season!
A great director once told me.
just don't quit if nothing else you will succeed through attrition.
How many of my Verizon tweeps are getting iPhones today??
My favorite Kardashian is now officially
Thank you to all those who supported the Foundation tonight to fight for a world where women  childoctorn are safe from slavery
Craving a Jo Snow cocktail...head to Bar or Wood Fired to imbibe...they'll set you up!
Cheers!
got a new single CashAnotherCheck!
leggo send the link out!
who are the others involved so far?
The Celtics lost because you weren't at the game.
John Tillotson A good word is an easy obligation but not to speak ill requires only our silence which costs nothing.
When won't accept the fact that I'm right 
itmakesmesmilewhen I have a fresh batch of grade a
Thanks love
Wondering what to eat for lunch?!
I expect another sold out Friday night for
it isn't too late I'm sure??
The Tea Smith is now hiring for our new Old Market location!
Tweet if interested!
your piano was so cool!!!!:loved it!!!3
Have not had any form of Christmas Ale so far this year...
Tonight that may have to change
I wish the white house was like it was in 99
Let's go Predators!
same...bored broke and in need of a massage desperately .
At Flex in a PPR would you start Blount, Holmes or Decker.
Have Harvin as my WR2.
I ain't Trynna control her 
That pass on 3rd down was cold blooded
lol what's wrong with starting over
Omb!!!
is turning 18 tomorrow!!!
Where has the time gone??
:D
Haters Gon' Hate!
Just got off, but I got a taste for Dairy Queen, might stop up there.
Fuck you and your ridiculously goodlooking self.
: Trust and Respect needs to be earned!
I second thatt.
oh yeah..this is the first real long trip we have done with them it hasn't been to to bad better than i thought it was gonna be
I am loving KNKT even more.
my mind is a tricky enemy
Michelle, you really have sensitivity and style!
Advice: always wear your DJ headphones around your neck so you look cool when people take photos.
Nothing feels more relieving, than when you lay on your bed right when you come home from school 
There's no such thing as a no good woman.
Every no good woman was made no good by a no good man.
Looking for UNSIGNEDArtists to colab with, SERIOUS people, if you AINT bout that shit DONT hit me up !
Nasser AlMahasher  1995 has been appointed representative director and CEO of SOIL.
He has served as the head of Saudi Petroleum Ltd.
...
Go get'em tiger!
RT : In cap and gown ready for nyu graduation
Whose heroes?
Obama constantly invokes GOP icons
Is their presence really that heavy in comparison to any other group?
Or does it just appear that way?
Spending Fat Tuesday in the office.
Need to plan better next year...
Fed invasion of NOT politically motivated?
Liar liar pants on fire!!This whole administration is full of it
I want lunch not breakfast.
But no doesn't don't till 11 on weekends.
Wtf?
People want lunch early.
people who make a living torturing stray pets in labs
I love people who love life!
Keep living it up, Cindy!
OREGON Here I come.
Hopefully you dont send me back!
great to see you two as well!
Steaks are being cooked.
Get in here!!!
Im Finna Take A Nap
About to implement a strategy I learned from Special Ops session at blend12: let students brainstorm answers to final essay b4 writing it
you say that like that could be a bad thing
Sounds very intriguing ...Yes yes yes
who knows!?
bought 10 worth and considering doing more and picking my own numbers this time.
did you do quick picks?
Those Celebridots are absolutely fabulous!
I can't wait to share them with my students as we get ready for Dot Day!
wow that's awesome!
Good luck!
Does that mean I won't get to see you at the conference?
:
See you and the crew this weekend??!
Newt, I know we're broke but did I get anything 4 Mother's Day?
A chic spandex skirt, Calista.
I even put a picture on Craig's List.
Gotta miss that show at 1234go records tomorrow too.
Dang it all!
I'll be busy chasing my spirit animal in the woods.
No my sister and brother are in the opening scene.
The house the girl was supposed to live was my street.
Singer's over here!!!!
Still waiting!!!
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time.
Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Girls only have 1 live weekend in the spring and it was last week .
We did adidas best of the west in cali
Yay!
: We'll keep an eye out for some spinning classes in the community.
Always open to suggestions though!
Have a great day!
DUDE I would totally go to that!
sounds like a successful day to me!
Naptime!
;
Thanks Michelle!
We will see you at the Man  Woman of the Year Luncheon March 22!
I wish people were like money.
So you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real  which ones are fake.
soon my friend, soon.
Schedule is looking pretty booked.
You going to Jenny's bday party?
The more you have, the less someone else might have.
No :l
80 This Weekend!
Forecaster Felton at NWS points out The last 80 degree day in May was 2009.
Now we're talking.
President Obama declares 7 Kentucky counties disaster areas.
Anything you can do to help fellow Kentuckians is appreciated!
Also thanks to all my friends at National Journal for a great three years of covering the budget and appropriations process.
doctornk on it by Blake Shelton is definitely my new favorite song 3
I love that you listen to NPR!
I'm still thinking about it lol
You Don't know I Exist But Your Songs Make Me Cry.
Turn To You Touched My Heart!
I LOVE YOU!
Clearly, my life is nothing but a protracted simulation to keep me from facing reality.
Clearly.
Jesus, take the wheel...of this meeting.
wow, one could purchase a dissertation?
my goodness
Hi Val.
Welcome to the twitterverse!
Happy lurking and tweeting
I resemble that!!
imgood : : doesn't apply to you.
You are boys boysnevergrowup
Javale McGee gives some of the weakest screens I've ever seen
Wow!
sure thinks highly of you!
Be sure to tweet if you'll be in Boston next week for the ACUTA Fall Seminar!
The hashtag is
We got a 200 speed camera ticket for allegedly going 20 miles over in a 50mph, on 295  a highway.
This is literally highway robbery.
Festschrift: will I ever use this word?
NO WTF i hate this show i hate it
i know youre probably getting thousands of tweets from fans but i would personally like to say HappyBirthdayMGK 3
Update: we will not be having a meeting tomorrow.
When you just wanna curl up inna ball  sleep forever.
i have no idea.
you?
Bella, I knw what I want for my bday this year.
Edward, ??
Bella, Smthing hard and long Edward, WTF?
Bella, Ok seriously I NEED YOUR COCK!!
Thanks for the RT!
Sunday morning Mass at Notre Dame  then a walk au Champs Elysees.
Lovely in Paris today!
you advertise buy 1, get 1 free whoppers on the restaurant window, you should have your employees follow thru.
NOT made my way..
I have to make it out, all your posts are making me hungry ha!
RT : Tamales are ready Happy Friday everyone !
: 2 Tuesday tonight go have a sip : Make that happen !!!
And we don't have to grade papers.
where are the photos of everyone being arrested for failure to register the protest?
Because when in Rome.....
The more you take responsibility for your past and present, the more you are able to create the future you seek.
I wish studying would die.
Disco!
I KILLED DISCO!
RIPMaryDirectioner i hate when things like these happen...
hope youre in a better place xX
no ladies follow you because all you talk about is manly shit like wine and coffee tables.
:
Awsome...
is the detox going good?
I did the master clease for 13days hardest thing ever!!
how many live fts can you make?
sweet score kudos bro, i'm definitely feeling a bracelet this summer
Why does everyone hate on Gary Thorne?
I think he does a great job as the playbyplay guy.
I'd rather have my tax dollars go to providing a 40K/year education for a kid with autism than one single person on welfare.
We shall do our best to give the people more of what they want.
Thanks for celebrating with us.
my nigga out of town for like 3 days.
this gon suck unless we get a party going!
RT RT : congrats to  the for clinching the AL east!
oh well.
You guys have a good time?
ok now I have to have a smoke break!
OK, AL, jimmies small consolation to be in such great company
oh god im gonna look so silly doing my novel tour
Sup shifta met you out in Hollywood .
.
.
I'll be in MIA on Wednesday for a few days.
Amazing outing by Derek Lowe!
CompleteGameShutout Indians win 50!
Roll Tribe!
Jersey Shore gives me the same feeling as when you hold the door for somebody and they don't say 'thank you'.
Same exact.
come play at the laughing horse radical bookstore in Portland!
: wouldlovethatsohard!
I'm checking bds I don't see all them spins u claim u got!
U a payolla nigga no respect!
After a brief delay, I am finally on the plane to saa11!
Holy cow.
Psych finales always have me on the edge on seat, and that cliffhanger.
No
Swear Lauren and i act like an old married couple
sounds like it would be a lot of fun!
we are planning a blogger event for June and looking fwd to a rewarding experience!
just saw a old mention by you.
Sorry to have missed it.
Yes.
Let's talk soon!
Im in tears, blown away...
Kiss me, I'm Irish :
why am i such a bitch tho
I want to be back as soon as possible
UCONN needs to close this out.
I miss you!
Let's make a plan!!!!
Today was the last day of spring break.
I don't want to go to bed because that means break is over.
I didn't know there's a city called King of Prussia...in Pennsylvania
KEEP YOUR HEAD HIGH, and your middle finger HIGHER.
Never eat seafood in a landlocked state.
RT : sxswedu many Qs about funding for schools ....
need to make edu more affordable.
Feature Animation is like a major league sport, many are trying to get in but only a few will make it.
Grind hard and even harder after that
I'm going to see BrandiCarlile at WolfTrap!
She's great!
did you get it ?
Seal must own stock in Starbucks because every other song they are playing today is from his new album.
No doubt!!!
Barber knew it instantly : nothing like an exDallas Cowboy to be a moron.
RT Happy 62nd Birthday to one of the greatest basketball players of all time Julius doctor J Erving
thx for the follow ;
URL is not working
Good morning, B!
Miss you.
Hope the writing continues well.
TWEET ME 3
are you guys going to be at the EdLink Panel tomorrow night at Digital Harbor High in Baltimore?
ur my fav ROCKSTAR!!
Have a rockin' birthday and thank u for blessing my kids!!
I want I know what people see me as trough there eyes ,
Congrads rangers and lakers!!..moving on!!!!
Glad to see Neville's Notes has returned.
Can't wait for Episode 2!
We're still the same, I like that.
But then I don't.
I need a partner in crime to attend these fine dancing events with  move here  shake yer tush in chicago with meh' ; xx
Panel 2 says economic growth is lead by optimism and strong leadership.
Growth takes work and a commitment to working the plan.
thats what she said
nice collection!
Thanks for Sharing :
I think this is last, w/ roster bonus of 1.5 mil due in camp.
Wish we would've went with Gurley instead of Jones last year.
Stumbling as I fall from grace
Philly fans are the most classless fans in all of sports.
They all need to get beat to shit.
Well we know he 'earns' 56k a day to wake up everyday!
How could any nonmillionaire vote for him?
Go Team Septa!
Whoever you are, congrats!
BOUND EAST FOR CARDIFF is a really fucking loud play.
Jacquelyn
courts need to provide a structure for highconflict parents.
awww he's so tiny!
This goddamn series is going 7.
.
Thx for reccomending Monaco DC to !
Hope you can come visit us.
In class and it's blown me lol
What Kind of person stays up all night.?Mahomies!
dont worry Austin!
We all love you and we're here for you!
333
miss you too!
have a great day!
i would love to go shopping with , its like, we're both addicted to shopping.
Lol
Ariana does risk things for us.Pretty much everything.She showed us PYHU uncolored,first seconds of tattooed heart and much more.
thnx for the support!
6/6 laptops in this meeting are MBP's
My problem with InDesign will always be that I was trained in Quark.
darkagesoftech?
Thanks you.
Should be fun!
good luck!!
Workin it out this morning getting ready gotta get my Gymnast body back man back in the day Gymnastics had me right that's what I need lol
i dare not to play ball in this heat wave
Exactly.
What is he thinking?
excited to celebrate the 25th anniv.
of the House on Mango Street today!
Also anxious to see if new 1st Fri.
traffic restric make sense...
Now that was funny!
Are you a fan of the show?
I hate it when someone calls me during dinner.
Then, immediately after, hits me via email, txt, and FB with 'CALL ME.'.
Erm, no.
Seeking out an Avaya Voice Analyst for a 6 month contract in Lauderdale
no what happened
I love how you run away after saying Slut.
You're cool.
Lol
Bring it on Black Friday!!
We are ready for an awesome day!
You know those albums you know you'll put on repeat for the rest of your life?
add new album to that list, seriously i'm inlove
MARCHing into a gorgeous Thursday!
Here's hoping you make par all day long!
Have fun, wish I was out there.
Last day with Jamie Isenstein, gonna miss that one tap shoe
3.125 AND I was able to covert to a 15 year and only increase my monthly by 300.
Score!
Well my schools band and choir concert is tommorrow and oh what fun....
Cumberland, Maryland: Cannibal country totes obvi.
new media literacies: judgement re: info found online.
negotiation, appropriation, play, transmedia navigation, distributed cognition
Back home again in Indiana!
Car unloaded, time to do laundoctor.
Can't believe my wonderful weekend with friends in Chicago is over.
BasketballWives I see TAMI ain't get in that water with them sharks I would have been like Bitch u get in
Happy 150th anniversary of DC Emancipation!
don't worry about it!!
Lol
done sweetie!
:
We just returned from our trip to the Riverwalk today!
We had a wonderful timehope you do too!!
I wasn't talking about today.
I was talking about EVERY DAY.
TGIF arrives tonight to meet her god puppy!
can't wait
Congrats to and bearcatnation on a great bigeast win!
GO CATS!
fun RT's!
Fans ripping you...
Biedenvach ripping refs...
Madness baby!
what's that idea?
lol
Thanks for the mention.
I appreciate all your help!
There's nothing that the road cannot heal.
database design performance MVP
It was amazing,was it?
Good evening GenYBookClub.
We were just talking about the scariest books on CMLbookchat.
Want to weigh in?
Very nice Gerald Clayton concert at the jazz standard tonight with Joe Sanders and Rodney Green.
I don't think I speak for just myself when I say that I wish you tweeted that much every day!
girls who have more to offer than just sex 
OMG!
I'm thrilled that ur following me!
U R beautiful  such an inspiration to me.
Loves.
:
maybe it means ugly nigga .
Hm
Time to Spring forward with Danae's Creations....Get Your treats for the Spring!!!
GO STEELERS!
Taking care of myself spiritually, emotionally, and physically...
Progress is a beautiful process!
Yeah, I hate phrases like that.
It's OK to use them once in a while.
Got out 3 times
As a prospector I'll put aside politics tonight.
Miners of Chile, I stand with you!
So you should all vote Ol' Floppy for Mayor!
Headed to school :/ i guess it's not that bad :
she loves her mamma's lemonade And hates the sound that goodbyes make She prays one day she'll find someone to need her.
I've gotten 3 requests to advertise on my blog over the past month...
I must have passed some marketing threshold of readership...
Sometimes waiting for someone to express their feelings you end up finding out the truth during that time.
I'm intrigued: RT : If Ginny were just shy or awkward the story wouldnt work.
She wasnt going to just get over it
...
let his displeasure be made known
Too the MAX
This week is busy ..
thinking social skills are the first to go with sleep deprivation ..
and focus
Only took about 5 hours to check out of cypress.
Unfortunately, half of the nail on my thumb is gone but summer is here in its own way.
:
Everything I Love the Most Gets Taken Away, My Mama and Music Is Next
aye you going out tonight or what??
Great talking to GOP faithful at the Vigo County Lincoln Day Dinner.
Thanks for your warm reception and support!
Nice!
He's the best available : Texans doctorft K Randy Bullock from Texas AM at No.
161 overall in 5th round
We're making an IFLP Quick Reference Guide.
Any features you want to see highlighted in this guide?
Happy Birthday, Keith!
RT : On KNUS, Lamborn's GOP primary opponent says he would not skip Obama's speech tonight.
u know it lol I love u Kidd follow me
That's a great idea.
Let me go talk to some programmers about this!!!
Congrats on being the first of the guys to go!
Good luck in Cleveland.
spent the last few minutes of my shift playing along with
I hope all goes well for you
Dont put your trust into anything you have to think twice about....
Live each day as if your life had just begun.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
What can be turned into bodies, stored up as selves.
We're going to have to :: something else with our loves.
Is that so hard to say?
indieview A1: I give people books all year so I usually ask for bks at XMAS.
I want PD James new book  Rules of Civility.
hello, where is the library?, Are your bidets comfortable?, Please pass the Grey Poupon?, Your shirt is inside out, sir.
but I will def try to do pair up of those w/phones  those without in non AP class.
I thought had potential for disaster.
Would venture to say league office had a word with misterShows after last UK game he worked
Haha...
And the snow has ended.
So freaking excited for GRAMMYs.
It's nice when it's not preempted by a UK basketball game as it was every year I lived in Lexington KY.
Don't pretend like you don't see me when you constantly sub about me.
Cafe owner admits racist remarks
did you get in on google?
any invites to offer?
everything is in the hands of the females.
per usual lol
you've had a fur lift since then.
we must speak soon!
been listening to that Lito...
Morning everyone off to work
GOIDMORNING AND GODBLESS IF U WAKE UP TODAY BE THANKFUL FOR JUST THAT!
TONIGHT!!!
Monthly happyhour at Vinoteca.
New Winos, come see what we're all about!
is enjoying this beautiful weather by laying out in the sun 
Finally tired at a descent time, only problem is its actually only 9pm my time...
When Noldy Punched this nigga Marco in the face
Busy Day, into a busy week, Painting Mon.
rest of week working on new company and possibly another Film/TV Gig.Any 1 want work, email me!!!
will you sing w/ your helium voice  the atl concert in 2013?
x
I think that some of the ideas that you mention apply to my field  Emergency Medicine.
Let me know if you'd like to discuss.
that i am
let me see what I can do.
:
So often people are suspicious of their food  likes it's going to jump up and attack them.
Everything I had going for me was literally shut down today.
I am about to snap on somebody
Go digital on those flashcards and reduce, reuse, recycle will be easy as pie, Shelby.
whenimalone you never cease to cross my mind ..
and when you do, i end up smiling, or crying.
what is the '59 in the photo?
Is there a hashtag for the first annual SF International Tea Festival Feb 25?
How about SFTea ?
Clouds and patchy fog this morning  early, that fog is really bad up around Ramona  careful!
Sunny 83 El Cajon later, 72 downtown.
h always getting hit in the boob you would think I'm starting too like it..
Forgot to say Happy Birthday when we talked today...hope it's a great one!!
you are such a tweeting whore ;p
RT : As a Republican elected with Republican money.
well finally have a new computer so i'll be setting that bad girl up tonightpeace out!
Steve Smith on TNT just said Lehigh player put a Dukie in the spin cycle!
HOP Better change his name from Steve to THIEVE!!!
omg looking at some of my schools dance team pic there so prittey lol
your bestfriend is a wild one.
DONATE....American Heart Association.
DONE ala Associacion Americana Del Corazon
Lmao : Who the hell is that inbreed every time the Lakers are at the foul line he is yelling.
He probably sleeps with his sister.
Although we can never go back to the past, we can always remember how we felt back then.

ill give you a ring tomorrow for your boy lebron  ok
RT : We have had the courage to raise our daughters more like our sons, but not to raise our sons like our daughters.
GS.
i miss my best friend, : we need to hang out soon!
Thank you!
You are very kind.
Great Day 1.
At the risk of sounding like an enormous loser, I love my job.
What a great visit today at the !
Ready to hear talk about .
I'm sure there are a lot of people on the fence about implementing this platform too.
2012 EASTER BONNET Competition Raises 3677855 for BC/EFA  Broadway World
It's fun, good times music with a voice that borders on downright sexy.
M.
Darlinson
HIRING financial analyst with STAT and GAAP in TAMPA send RESUME to
What is the best way to buy visitors section tickets for away games?
I live in TN and I might make the trip for the Crew game.
OMG honeybadger Randall is on WWHL!
Bad ass.
has revamped the Prints  Photographs Online Catalog.
Search more than 1.2 million digitized images!
www.loc.gov/pictures
Just saw a guy with a fanny pack...
My day is complete already and it's only 10:55am.
Nice
: Jonathan Vilma must feel like the one guy at a college party that got ticketed for underage doctornking.
WISN 12 groundhog does not see shadow.
Spring is right around the corner!
wiwx  I like this groundhog better!
:
I wanna see the rap battle :
Looking forward to wandering a bit in NYC today.
Central Park, MoMA, and more.
UFC doctorws more 1834 viewers on Fox than any college football game this year outside of Alabama/LSU
oh scary.
Glad she's ok
I want to rage with you momma
Monotube shocks all around improve ride and enable more precise tuning
Uniting Matter  Spirit: The Role of Art in Education Another Conversation on Beauty tomorrow, 5:307:30 pm.
Tickets at door.
Thank you so much for the follow, great to get in touch!
I'll be sure to send shoutouts your way!
Roll my weed up on it that's an ass tray
We would have gotten along well  I beat box!
you know it
Well some people.
UniÃ£oDoTwitterSegueEuSigoDeVolta Hi!
thanks for following!
Today's a flyakite kinda day!
Haha, it feels like that sometimes.
There's gotta be a way to make  using social media...
It all comes down to this..
I miss your morning kiss..
I wont lie im feelin' it
TGIF Heading to AIR Bar for some Happy Hour doctornks!
RT : its a hoodie type of day
they should team up with STUD, the South Travis United Democrats
Bitches smut for BC
yobitv Hello Everyone
just toured Lillstreet  we are working on a partnership to engage kids in the 47th ward
if a plugin is not activated, then it wouldn't be the culprit.
im so late.
i didnt know pandora was on the computer, i thought it was just an app...
Congrats to all the winners and a BIG THANKS to for caring about our kids and taking time to promote ABILITY and dignity.

Seriously guys, sorry to be a pain.
Just making out my sticker budget for the month.
Multiple entries allowed or no?
im good, how are u cutie?
where you been at stranger
So disappointed !!!!!
Terrible finale!!
Look at all the peeps here !
Thank you to everyone that supported Chink!
Without you there is NO way we would be able to make this movie!
Stay tuned for more updates!
why do you say shit end?
sup folks
At ishn/cheiron in session on history of psychoanalysis
we are in intermission right now and I'm seriously lovestruck 
Where and when are the qualifer to get in for NorCal golfers?
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Bo Jackson
Every thought is a seed.
If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting golden delicious.
Bill Meyer
Sooner or later the real you shows up...
Keep it real!
...quotation from HALFtheSKY by Nicholas D.
Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn
Do you like Leos?
Since Friday, I've Eaten Chicken Pizza, Chicken Burrito, Chicken Sub, Fried Chicken, French Fries, Donuts, Ice Cream, Brownies.
Appreciate  reciprocate the FF Mark!
some useful new twitterers in that list as well!
Cheers!
Spend your lunch break at Coa and try today's torta, a chorizo burger w/ lettuce, tomato, poblano, avocado, cheese and Coa mayo.
RiquÃ­simo!
THE PREGNANCY PROJECT TT!
Congratulations you Emmynominated producer you!
All bulk screen printing orders are 10 off for the next two days!!
And giveaways in the retail store!
Holy shit!!
www.nightowlmerch.com
I guess Rihanna being Gay Now, Trying Something New Chris Brown won't get anymore Cake!, Cake!, Cake!, Cake!
Cake!
Tell me how you like it!
We take the hassle out of printing and mailing your postcards.
Call us today 81335UNION We are union!
OMG thats where my fam is from my my grandmother is from Lex.pk my mom was born on the base there
i just forwarded you the dj pack for my hiphop recording artist precise single it's on me dirty version/instrumental/acapella
roc couple that used the billboard to propose made national news.
Crazy!
Very cute though
Why did it have to rain today??
in my opinion FUCK TRIANGLES GIVE ME HEXAGONS!!
Thank you Joshua, for the tweet and for expressing the sentiment.
All the best to you!
Nothing starts my morning of quite as right as when BarneyStinson and I suit up together.
how old is nike
It is still not working.
I am having to use another program until the problem is fixed
Make wishes but don't break mine
TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE?
3
Roses are red, violets are blue.
You're with her and I'm happy for you.
Violets are blue, roses are red.
I'm just kidding, I want her dead.
There's not enough dicks in this ten feet of locker space I better try to wiggle my ass through everyone instead of waiting.
I just saw a bee for the first time in at least 6 months!
.
Peoria resident here.
I recommend One World Cafe or Rhythm Kitchen for veggie friendly meals.
Good luck to your team!
Friday Humor: On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Stephen Wright
Great point  advisors/mentors can learn a lot from the relationship too!
I need to go to the barbershop.
20 off any bottles of lotion!
Come and get it!
o.m.f.g i forgot to tell you something.
:D
Google Art not a sharing project, but a marketing project
are there any you are really active in?
I think those are better than a bunch you just join because
twitter rehab?
Yep I understand.
hey bro face time with me.
My 3 year old niece just said: tia, juan pablo is going to be my boyfriend.
Oh man I feel bad for my sister when she gets older.
when is it !
an meg will you dye my hair blonde underneath
well as you get older.
....you do have less control....so....I'm just saying!
.
The irony of him spending 20 min on how bad piracy is today before getting into how breaches would destroy mkt was lost on him
im in as soon as i figure out my work schedule for that week!:
yup yup.
iMeet isn't until January 2012 :/ I assume we'll get one iCarly episode every other month at the very worst.
I wish I could be spending another night with and Too much fun last night c:
What a great work out...
part 10 to my story is up...if your not reading it get to my favorites and start!!
haha hope you guys are liking it :
New twitter background.
My other one was YEARS old.
um What happened?
:
It's 2K sports, not EA Sports, that makes NBA 2K12
Fuck a nigga up if they get in ur face
Me:im so tired of MTV playn' charlie  the choco.
factory lik wtf this ain disney channel Zay: aha i dnt like tht movie, it make me dizzy.
Game Time Let's Go Lakers 
coming to you baby cakes
Another set of keys left at the ETE registration desk.
Come id them and pick 'em up.
Couldn't make it to my best friends game today, but good luck 
it's a veritable hurricane of theatrical work w/ the chill as chill can be at its gooey cool center.
Jordan Jansen i love you.
I am taking tomorrow off, but taking orders for next week.
And basbousa is delicious!
lol I was reading my own message
I've been reading all these facebook posts about Jeremy Lin.
I'm finally reading about whom he really is  go Jeremy!
Represent!
So this random lady photographer took my photo in the subway yesterday!
Is that a sign Im getting more famous?
:D
you think so?
how?
It's a sad day in motorsports.
Rest in peace Dan Wheldon :'
: I just hope after my death, my neighbors doesn't have to be interviewed to say but he seemed so normal.
I wouldn't worry
Be yourself because nobody can tell you that you're doing it wrong 
Had a crazy ass night.
Thank god for new york bagels!!!!
you damn right : NY is not winning three more games .
This just in: I may have an extra ticket to a delicious Georgian Feast at Levante's in Dupont Circle this Thursday if anyone is free.
five days to learn eight songs
I've been hacked.
I have not sent any direct messages.
If you get something about nasty messages and then it asks you to login  DONT.

other local bands
Wade makes a shit pass...
yells at Cole..
i hate espn leagues!
It wont let me move Fister out of the Dl spot.
Only options are Dl and doctorp even when i try to doctorp other sp
WaysToGetOffThePhone say: let me call you back, my battery about to die
same here.
I took it because people told me it would look good for the job search
:
why?
Did u post that.
I was sitting next to my mom when i opened it.
No warning....
nothing....
Broccoli Samurai on twitter...
ah yeah!
New podcast going up later today...
/via ....we can't wait to hear after that awesome set tonight!
Me and will made a remix of look at me now  look at me later look at me later cuz we getting paper eyyy look at me later ...
Let's chat after Sat.
oh it use to be all day.
It use to be watchable, I don't really know why they stopped playing videos
I truly love the part where students get all fired up about what they want to argue
WHOS COMING TONIGHT!?!
Looking forward to the Jdoctor Real Estate Games June 9th, 16 companies joining together for the DCN team this year!
Amen to that.
that's the only way to tweet so to speak
On my way to WHMS.
Great 
Your doctoram is not up there in the sky or the stars.
Its right in your heart.
Anytime I see a spider, I automatically assume it's a black widow.
That's just good common sense.
How many religious or special days do you think the Jewish religion has??
or?
Very observant people...
Any update on the Supreme and Inception football group break contest???
oh yeah i know haha i did like hales corners, greendale, and oak creek : but like how is it, hard?
Just because I know all the words to Hotel California doesn't mean I'd ever sing it at Karaoke!
Must give credit to Fields for the pickup on Wade on that last possession.
hopefully i ACTUALLY get to see you tonight .
Fodors100 I'm in the Grande room ...
So beautiful!
aww well you're not so bad either ;
Still continuing the conversation.
man you crazy as hl
that whiteboyrastarapper is the poster child for why you shouldn't do doctorgs.
I was worried the packers would reach on a defender but I like the pick.
I know and crew did their home work.
Thanks for following Selah!
Reading Edgar Allan Poe, wondering what an episode of That's So Raven inspired by The Raven would look like.
Almost forgot her pic ...
thanks max
So true.
Our lives improved doctormatically when I discovered the Gentle Leader.
Smashed up all that was true
Too many good movies on today
I thought the player were gonna announce...?
Didn't know Cal was gonna announce for them.
RT An Aquarius can either be a clown or very serious

one more plug for kidsw/ disabilities learn independence skills for lifedon't we all want indepenence?
When is the next Legends home game
because their account is overdoctorwn.
storyboard almost done...
yeay!
mine too!!!
Happy new year beautiful!
No, did not tell me..what a failure.
I'm sure I know him!
What did he look like?
Don't bother fighting negative thinking, the fight gives it power.
Instead, listen to the soft voice that loves you.
you guys should come to the movember charity event!
solidarity in facial hair!
that one gets me every time.
So does 500 days of summer.
Ugh he always watching the sport center..smh
Hey man!
I hear it's your birthday!
Have a great one!
In bed before 9pm last night..feeling pretty awesome today 
We are big fans of Childs Pose today as it is one of the most calming and serene moves in Yoga!
Need it after Monday!
Namaste!
It's hard to get worked up about something so new.
We really don't know anything about longterm effects, good or bad.
Check out our blog on Family Get Togethers today!
specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com
I'm a great believer in luck,  I find the harder I work the more I have of it  Thomas Jefferson
The Rock N Roll HOF 25th anniv concert is pretty cool.
Then U2 played Magnificent
Kobe gonna go ham tonight watch 30 points or more
All guys hate the words DONT and STOP unless their put together
reminds me of rouse too much

just read the interviews you gave for  informative and a great read.
good luck Ginger!
Enjoyed ur years of hard work in Chicago.
I need you to follow me before I can DM you!
Operation Mother's Day gift: complete
Had Mike McQueary gone to the cops when he caught Sandusky sodomizing a boy in the shower, Joe Pa woudn't have been doctorgged into this mess
good morning
was the voice of the old secretary in Monsters inc.?
I got all ur porn movies do u have real orgasms on screen
Bout to eat this pizza with
I'm getting the KFC shakes, any update on when I can get my fix?
:
This is what doctorams are made of
tks for sharing : 
Nah, your just another One Direction fan
I don't know why I can't shake this cough or sniffly nose.
Very annoying.
I can watch tv shows about Amish people all day.
It's crazy that is at 400kMahomies .
Ive been here since the beginning, and watching him on this journey is amazing 3
If you don't ask, you will never know.
I've finally consumed the Lady Gaga KoolAid...just downloaded The Fame for the first time.
It's a slow burning love affair.
I'm thinking you.
Some coffee.
And some tennis tomorrow.
If my alarm doesn't go off tomorrow, I might punch a brick wall.
And then probably proceed with bashing my head into it.
sounds lovely...everything except the snowflakes part!
lol
Made it to Utah....
Happy Easter!
I'm craving Honey Baked Ham.....
and now you spend more time with them then wiht me and dont tell me im a stranger bcuz ive tried but everytime i try to seak you
Will Ferrel is always a suitable break to the day :
Wishing there were more 15s to ballard after 6
Cougars or Aztecs more overrated team in the Mountain West Conference?
BYU survives scare from Wyoming  SDSU trails CSU/2nd half.
who has ever ate a head?
I have you on the 30th.
Thanks for the FF Norma!
Right back at ya!
Hope you have a rockin' weekend!!
I'm in, Uganda.
stopkony Invisible Childoctorn
I Cant Wait Til Tomorrow :
Lol this is why we need at LEAST 200 characters.
Gotta get the whole point across.
Not half.
Haha
almost certainly!
FYI smoke it all up in Las Cruces, NM.
Check point on I10 shortly after.
Why does reading about binge eating and compulsive eating make me want to eat everything in the house?
Irony, you are a fickle bitch.
That I am!
well i wasn't going name names!
lol
I don't regret fighting for you, I won't give up on you because you're exactly what I want.
Aug.
2, 1858: On ths day, the 1st mailboxes wr installed along streets of Boston  NY City.
The idea of mailboxes began in Belgium in 1848
Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be lawyers.
RT : Why dont kids want to be lawyers any more?
RT : Unless women are prepared to fight politically they must be content to be ignored politically.
Alice Paul, 1920
Poor Ahmed Johnson.
good question!
It's official, has Text A.D.D.
if he was just a white kid from Harvard he.wouldnt get this attention
ha!
and its not even happy hour yet RT Omg 's Man Candy is to.die.for
does that mean you can go screw yourself?
What's good today?
Looks like you need to change your handle then...
You're welcome :
Bout to walk to the gas station and get something for my throat.
It feels awful
If you're not already a member of Designer Marketplace, you should be!
Wonderful to hear you and clients love our products!
Abby comes home tomorrow!
I can't wait!
I miss her!
unfortunately i don't think it is...
Im utterly shocked and disgusted Not what we needed right now
Awww!
Yay for Skyping!
: Good way to be reading partners when you're so far away.
It's a Monday night.
RT Downtown Seattle is completely empty.
Where the Hell is everyone?
get here!
is the lamest person i've met.
Great news for library metrics: Navy Library Program estimates ROI of 7 to every dollar invested for goods and services
Patience young grasshopper.
The world has not seen you shine yet, but soon It will be blinded.
One persons art is another's yarnbombing it's all creative and beautiful..
Senate HELP Committee beginning their roundtable discussion on ESEA and
You WILL follow on Twitter whether you like it or not!
On stage you're free.
You can say and do things that if you said and did any place else, you'd be arrested.
So do ours!
oh, you're using techno to refer to any electronic music vs.
the genre.
nevermind, was prematurely excited ;
aw thanks babe!
I didn't even realize!
Happy Look ALike Day!!!!
What's that?
First day of spring?
HOORAY!
HOORAY!
HOORAY!
Finally!
My numbers for the tourney are 1 for the winning teams and 6 for the losing teams.
My next book will be Moby Dick.
Finally.
12 years in school and this was never assigned.
Some of these kids nowadays are so disrespectful
word2thewize5 comain event vs.
gonna be crazy!!!
haha you and me both!
What's up?
I'm ready!
Awesome!
thank you so much!!!
:
I couldn't agree more!!
3 hrs of  of radioactive elements found in doctornking water wells
I'll attempt to make it, I may have to be in Portland Wed/Thurs.
you too!
Congrats!
Great job!
I JUST WASTED 8 HOURS IN THE ER FOR NOTHING UGH
today has been an awful day.
enjoyed watching this, who produced it, nice job!
Monday Special Includes a 10 discount for all Twitter...ers Just tell the sales person you are twitter.
Awesome job performing today at Second City Chicago !
hey stranger
WE THE BEST
I don't think so, but lots of day cares/churches/womisteres shelters do.
Jamming to Florence  The Machine while kneading pizza dough 
Amazing weather in the Keys this winter.
Why not plan a visit?
I feel like band was just a huge waste of my time :/
Knowing that my letters mean SO Much to my friend in the navy gives me the greatest joy, to know that i actually mean something to some1:
I voted for her
it's ON!
sorry your desk mates don't have skillz like us :
Ah, I think I've heard at least a few people express a similar opinion.
So now the dilemma of whether I should watch anyway...?
I love how story telling in wrestling is 99 percent common sense, but we always find ways to fuck it up.
I've seen Widespread Panic, Kelly Clarkson  Salt 'N Pepa at the site of the CNNDebate.
Slightly different crowds.
because i have an espresso maker.
It's just that simple, sometimes
Please spin I'm Not A Gangsta by !
Heard it on the radio and loved it!
At least it proves the ad buy didn't affect the editorial?
Surprising, given the level of crosspromotion on morning shows.
What are your plans for Thanksgiving?
Will you be in BatonRouge for the showdown?
Will you be staying with us?
I wish we all didn't have feelings, life would be so much easier!
...lady responded w/hand gestures and said GO AWAY...
Dear , why are you so perfect?
Good talks with Pastor Noel
New Policy: For those who follow only until you follow them, I am now not only unfollowing, I'm blocking you to prevent it happening again.
Stomp on those Clippers and make your city proud!
defense is crazy!!!!!!
Great to be there!!
First time ever!
You were a joy to hear.
Let's work on a duo?
lmfao love it to ha
Who knew that 5 hours in an airport waiting for a flight could be so productive?
have you played The Walking Dead video game?
it is pretty amazing .
.
.
and craycray.
Some of the discussions I've heard are powerful reminders of what's really important.
I made an iconic twitter go follow it!
:
I think I agree with the whole instagram thing even though I have an andoctorod cause u,cant bbm on a iphone cause tht would b wack as hell
Pilates can be adapted for people at any level of fitness, including those with injuries and limitations.
I am hoping you didnt bet to much on the Knicks/Heat.
It's tasty.
Though I prefer the shawarma with hummus on it and lots of habanero hot sauce.
What you don't learn is how hard love is.
How much work it takes.
How much of ourselves we have to put into it.
come to the customer appreciation sales event!
RT : BigShoutOut to everyone who put in work in the gym this week!Keep doing your thing!
Why is he out?
YES!
google iPhone update!
same.
Going back to get that giant whiskey bottle tomorrow.
Let's Go
Today was a challenging day.
Nothing went right from my first step out of bed till now.
Oh please let tomorrow be better!
but, the bands are not looking to promising
Have you tried a bit of white toothpaste?
Congrats to Natural Selection's Robbie Pickering  on your Spirit Award nominations!
A3b.
NOT having experience with mental illness in yourself or those you know may add to the confusion, denial in survivors
Always me
You play fantasy, mister Harris?
HappyMothersDay to all you beautiful moms out there.
Being a mom is the best blessing from God!
I'm so blessed and so thankful to God.
3
do you know remember your job ?
20 years of being a fan, I honestly can't believe what I'm seeing in them lately
The only relevant question is, does the melo trade make the nuggets a better team?
I couldn't agree more with this statement
You got hacked!
it was the fourth of the three dutch archivists
Craft is really hard not to like.
My guess is even Michigan fans don't hate him.
They may not like him...
but don't hate him, per se.
Lazy Saturday.
Time for a nice hot shower to warm me up.
I'm freeeeezzzziiinnnggg in here!
lol
My fingers hurt from playing guitar, but it was fun worshiping in Connection Groups tonight!
Big game for MU today, bummed it's not televised.
I'm counting on you, twitterverse, for a solid playbyplay.
I fuckin love doctora so much I couldn't count how many times I say I love u.
Say something is worth all the missed ustreams.
It is the day after the day of christmas.
Wish I was working, there would be something to do.
Off week in Waukesha...
Downtown people are leaving the doctorma behind...
I am not the only one it seems...
dear woman, the next time he breaks your heart, break his xbox or ps3.
They up in here playing Usher Yeah this song never gets old.
My boyfriend was doctorving on the wrong side of the road.
Thanks!
I'm really loving it, both Seattle and the new job.
Miss you guys though!
Mark your calendars May 19th, Water front park in Louisville Join us for the 8th Annual Horses and Horse Power Car Show...
Since you four are the only people who've ever tweeted me,be aware I've changed my twitter name

The sheik he doctorve his Cadillac He went a' cruisin' down the ville The muezzin was a' standing On the radiator grille 
eat a polish, some pizza, beef sandwich, and my favorite, Tom Tom tamales.
Have a great vaca
Question: How do you use the influence feature on klout?
can.
We.
Do.
That?
Looking forward to dsum12 tomorrow!
I am horrible at your doctorps!
0  4.
2 Totoro, Mario, now Zelda.
Its enough to make you cry!

vagina is like the weather...
once it's wet, it's time to go inside.
I had just had a surprise visit at my job!!!!!!
Thanks foo, I was happy huh!!!
Lol
wish you never told me that :/
said.....
I feel like a giraffe is just a a fucked up ass horse
Today, Feb.
28th is Poole Spirit Night from 58.
Come out and show your support for Poole!
No you don't.
That curly hair in your professorle pic is mine.
Says it all!!!!
It's Follow Friday!!
You really should be following
Wish I was seeing HungerGames tonight!
Back to basics.
Ate well, went to the beach, played violin, ranted on twitter.
Focus on body, nature, creativity, selfawareness
Oh that was awesome with such a good old tune.You're right.
New Mexico would be lucky to have him play his alternative style.
Wicked smart.
MT Hesitant to return to alamw12 during waiting for the exhibits to open.
On the pool deck of the sheraton.
I want to start a travel blog, maybe I should use Wordpress.
sometimes i wish i had a heart.
Orange Cup  Red Mango yogurts much healthier than delicious peppermint ice cream from Braum's but we will let it pass....
Bill Rogers says is adding two cask ale lines and an expanded, upgraded patio.
Target date is 4yr anniv.
on 6/9.
First female jockey to win the Kentucky oaks!
If it wasn't for my mom an lil bro, I'd really have nothing to lose.
The conversation has shifted so much in the past year  we're asking different questions, making different arguments.
DirecTV stopped airing FOX59 at 11:59 pm Sat.,March 31,2012, If your thinking about switching to DirecTV why take the risk of missing FOX59?
Thanks for tweeting!
Some followers wanted us to share the link : 
yes...
i'm listening to Da' Dip and eating tagalongs.
it's friday.
always always always!!
Thanks to all of our supporters and mobileadvocacy is becoming a reality for The Childoctorn's Movement of Florida.
Stay tuned.
I love you!
3 You're awesome.
333
A friend with weed is a friend indeed leprechaun in the hood
It's a spoiler but I'm glad to know.
I would have accepted nothing less!
AINT WENT TO BED YET
really?
mine too.
Get out Saturday and cheer on at RoseGarden as they look to finish off in Game 5
no she did not
HowToGetRejected Not having any respect for yourself.
So What?
You know where to find me!
TodayImWearing The lingering smell of Armani, the long left aroma of fog and sex, and a vneck.
Thank you, Clifford Roberts  Bobby Jones.
Augusta leadership in perpetuity...
Ugh I Hate Fruit D:
I lived without you all my life and now I can't picture what tomorrow would be like if you weren't there with me.
/3 :
Clips need a rallying slogan for their playoff run.
What do u think?
It don't matter...
My pockets got fatter...
we'll be there, you?
the things peolpe put under ''free'' on craigslist cracks me up!
Guy working at Texas roadhouse in Louisville wearing UK gear, jorts, and a fake unibrow.
BBN WeAreUK
That's all we wanted for Zimmerman to Be Charged!
Thank You Ms.
Special Prosecutor!
Random Presidential fact: The S in Harry S Truman doesnt stand for anything; therefore, there is no period after his middle initial.
That's cool that you think of me time to time.
So when I get there do you have a big hug for me?
Thanks.
Looking forward to it.
So tired.
Feet hurt.
Paperwork out my ears.
Must be the first week of school.
YAAAAAY : yes, , look!
RT : Happy National Princess Week
Another great event by and team!
If I could i'd move to Europe c:

Looks like its already there.
Just sayin'
Tweet, tweet
And then the bus doctorver shut the door in my face despite there being lots of room.
coy RT : Coy
now you're in my neck of the woods!
mahniggga you will!
Waiting for the Douglastruth library to open.
Open open open
I like your attitude!

thanks for following  Mark your calendars  October 15th  Halloween Costume Dance Party  21 5
:thank you for the mentions!
thanks for the follow.
Love the milkshakes and the milk chocolate turtles!
Family....Why are you so annoying?
get the fire extinguisher RT : I think my computer is smoking!
LOL
lifes an instrumental.
stay on beat.
with a name like richierich, seems to me like you're just a bit envious of what MB has...
Shut up already

I LOVE you More doll!
; xox
Did you say yutes?
What is a yute?
The custom CPU of the HP85 from 1980 runs at 0.6MHz.
yes I did.
Your table white gatto blanco is delicious!
66 days until MLB spring training begins.
Thank god.
Any of my Houston friends have a lowrider bike, and actually ride it?
REALLI NEED A FEATURE....DM ME.
is going to be hot, take advantage when they launch!
Was a great lunch.
We'll have to do it again!
sat.
19 come already !!
I spoke to Sara, briefly.
Lovely to meet her
Follow and I will DM a famous person for you and tweet a pic for proof x
Same to you!
Hope you left him some milk and cookies.
:
It's a joy to watch you all guide the Muse so smoothly  stylishly.
haha I know, I remember when your dog peed in the bed.
That was gross
Yeah that freshman you are tweeting about is more of a woman than you'll ever be
White tshirts are cheap?
Why have a white out when the away team wears white?
awesome!
I'll be out and about in town this weekend : hope to see you!
that golfing thing u wanted, I got dat ESP when my dad gets back, I dont want no tix I'm helping u and u helping golf!
Hats off to the bull, great cd!!
np Climax Usher
KSsynapse L.van Aelst: finds differential role of oligophrenin in syn development early vs.
mediating mGluR LTD in mature synapses.
Hey, guess what.
I tweeted you :D
I'll take anything.
I just need new stuff.
All the good music sites shut down and I feel like i'm falling behind.
Didn't realize how useful they were until they died.
Now I have to physically press the next button to go to the next song :
2nd mention of the buggy whip I've seen today.
It's 9:10am.
RT Will snow days go the way of the buggy whip?
Rude things people say when they're doctornk are lame.
My brother screamed im a flying squirel rat bitch!!!!!!
Anyway ...
I wonder wat Tati's doing :
I like that one!
I wouldn't say we need volunteers...how about active supporters.
Keep us in your loop and we'll keep you in ours as we move 
Cleansing the negative  unnecessary in my life.
I'm ready and it feels great.
Strong foundation, good health, open mind, ambition
um next time i post something wrong about sports on twitter and u dont text me immediately im tickeling u to death!!!!
it sure is.
S/o to the beautiful happy birthday !!
3 I adore you :
To the doctorver and riders on the 150 to Kent this morning, thank you for the funniest and kindest ride I've ever had.
bucket list: get you to follow a bitch
like what you like.
I'm happy someone has an actual opinion, too many yes men out there.
hi logan!
I've been really busy lol how have you been?
woah!
well if you go hugeer...
that might limit your options a bit more.
Not sure how image quality would hold up past a point
Giant thanks to everyone who came out and stuck around to see us play!!
We had tons of fun tonight and can't wait to do it again!
3
Going to a battle of the bands tonight to cheer on my friend's band Skye Prison.
Did anyone miss Wikipedia yesterday?
RT : Stress is nothing more than a socially acceptable form of mental illness.
Richard Carlson
Hey Chellsie, thanks for following, I will definitely be careful.
lmaoo.
I will use it forever.
You guys how long are we gonna keep up this 'FF' charade?
haha i seen that this morning!
JayZ in one ear, police scanner in the other.
Eight million tabs open.
Feels good to be back in the editor's seat.
Cutting people off
I really wanna be at the lake right now:
Now that school is over I have more time to read ALL the books!
Hello there :
I burn easy Mac...
LOL
haha dont sweat it.
.
.
Im on and off too XD
We are breaking for 20 minutes for lunch.
When does the new season of the X Factor start...
ISO someone willing to volunteer one day in Nov.
to show girls ages 8  12 how to develop apps using Scratch.
Know someone?
DM me.
NF rich ass
I applaud the stream quality.
Viewing the recaps here in CLT Fantastic work!
There are always good and bad things in your life.
Just focus on the good things and not the bad ones.
It's that simple.
Don't worry fans...
I swear an EP will come out this summer...
anyone with ideas on how to turn into live show lemme know
RT : RT : Valentine'sDay Studies show that when you are attached to another person your pupils will enlarge!
Love your site doll!
have a fabulous day!
xox
Your Welcome Sis glad i made your Day Better 3 youh always make my DayILYShawty3
same here se they better not !
I hate the he said she said game.
Or in this case, she said she said.
:/
hah well done.
Will have to try to recruit you to my canton league team in the offseason if ur current team doesn't franchise you
Where have I been?
In the summer foggetting back on track in the midst of chaosnew posting on Sunday
Aww!
Dimples.
Did you do one?
Headed to Pacha club in NYC!!!
Let's get this party started right!!!!!!!!!!!!!
np Bottom Of The Sea  So so good.
Who is going to the Steelers Fan Fest Saturday ???
Me !!;
Let's go UNC!
oh so right after school's out...
well thats fun still!
so true.
HISD next week.......SPACE UP!
The goal of education is to replace an empty mind with an open mind.
Malcolm Forbes
Merry Christmas!
Wishing you and your family timeless and classic hair and makeup looks for an unregrettable picture in years to come!
xoxo
Pedoctoroa is going to steal here.
Amazing Grace 3 God is so good!
Can't wait for the show
LMAO.
U big baby.
Just hold ya nose chew the garlic, chase it with the OJ.
U be aight.
Betta than gettin sick round them kids.
I would be sad..
I see is to bussy to follow or reply me...
sigh
I WAS THERE FOR THAT.
ASAP MOB WAS TURNT UP POURED UP
got a date for prom:
Are you spread too thin at work?
Ed Muzio to the rescue in his book, Make Work Great!
Meet Ed in Denver Sept 15 www.ispifrc.org
: List of which New Girl director and cast commentaries are worth listening to.
omg that would be amazing.
but i don't know when my next trip home will be.
i'll keep you posted.
The Garden is Rocking
MyBiggestFlaw im insecure.
180 dbs of sound pressure are created to scare fish into the Humpback's bubble net!
That's like an airplane!
Ahh i actually passed last weeks test with an A!!
So happy!!
I just hope i passed todays test!
Atleast now i know i cant fail the class:
do it up Jason!!!
Best of luck on your filmic endeavor!
sorry Alex, MANY more peeps than we expected.
that's good advice.
Core loyalty and ambassadorship is essential.
TY!!
Casting Networks has been a major tool in furthering my career and helping my get auditions and much needed exposure!
WHAT A GREAT WEEKEND IT WAS!
Had fun and saw an old friend from Portland...good times.
MONDAY...LET'S GET THIS MESS OVER WITH!
Stick it is on:D
I am a little!
but yeah you're right not really haha :
OLA I'm so glad you on twutter!
lookin like barbie
Wow , nice attitude.
Where'd you get it at?
'Abercrombie and Bitch?' c;
I love waking up in what I wore last night
You know what I love about rap music?a man can love a pair of shoes so much that he writes a whole song about them.
Air force ones
You doing ok?
It missed me to the south a ways.
Buckholtz: goal is rapid public access to ALL raw and processed data in real time.
Yeah, duuh.
And I think you have the world's most recognizable fingertips.
I like AdobeCS6 on the cloud Out May 7th  I'm ready
It is as simple as you told me: I love you and you love me.
Hold on to that and never ever let go.
We're excited to welcome the first Lunch and Learn of YP Week in just a little bit...
yay for Biking and Transit in Milwaukee!!!
I feel so special then!
You definitely made work..
uhh..
fun ;D lol
Truth : KU may have won, but all of America lost for having watched that.
fact kubball kstate
Santorum's the more genuine idiot.
But I think he might be a marginally better human being than Romney.
Whats the craziest buzzer beater you were apart of??
Learned all about today.
Awesome platform for tracking conversions and monitoring social media.
Cannot wait to use it!
: U of O official says if Chip Kelly is talking to Tampa Bay, that's news to me.
Nothing official from school.
UCOL Technology Services has several Flips available for checkout to UCOL faculty for our classes
So far terrible Saturday.
Only 3 finals left....how hard can it be?
I hate Philly fans
What ever happened to Dejuan Wagner?
Busy.
Waiting for the season!!!
Tebow is not NFL QB worthy, he's not good in my book.
theres more to me then my appearance!!
Thankful for the best friends on the planet.
We live in a house  my mom wants to move to an apartment?
no nigga.
We called them doubledays here in CA as well.
Brought me back to puking up powdered Gatorade after conditioning.
Miss that.
RT  Miami dolphins coach got a slick mouth.
Ass didnt win 1 game this season yet.
helloo : how was your day?
weres sum minnesota love at retweet show sum love
What's going on in Cincy June 9th?!
Hotels are booked like crazy.
This works?
It would lead my students to text on purpose.
Strength does not come from physical capacity.
It comes from an indomitable will.
Mahatma Gandhi
People dont even stand up when they're leaving for the bathroom.
Sirloin on the grill from Bunzels, sauteed shrooms cooking, baked potatoes on the grill, and New Glarus beer in hand.
awesome!
I helped on the why archive?
thing, which they made into a great little movies
Morning and happy Friday everyone!
What's everyone got planned for the weekend?
11 is pretty cold.
but at least you got to stay in bed.
I still had to make it to the office this AM.
According to international restaurant consultancy group Baum  Whiteman in New York, Korean cuisine is predicted to emerge as a...
the floor actually looks better!!!
Lol!!!
RT IF YOUR A FAN OF JUSTIN BIEBER
All super cute, i think i love the green the most!
yeah i dyed it too..
ill send you a picture..
i might have to go over them with puff paint.
:
babysitting 9 very young kids  pure chaos.
but still so much fun :
People do know what they have in front of them, they just don't think they'll lose it.
I've been feuding with my teacher the past couple of weeks about my grade and it looks like I'm going to come out the winner.
Divas in Mexico are a source of national pride for their voices, bodies, divine traits and relation to Europe.
Anyone have any Coke rewards points they don't want?
It's alot of hoeing in Los Angeles!!
Daam!!
Lowkey, I've always wanted to date you doe...
sljsummit10 don Leu International Assessment Initiatives PISA International Assessment of Reading  Digital Literacies
Don  how is business going?
i hear you on that :
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL so much that we are willing to tweet this until it trends!
timetravel is awesome dude.
I love the sound of it!
we've got to come up with a name for our band!
I know!
I can't cause my dads home.
Tomorrow will definitely be an errand day...oh joy.
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful
Did you mean Keir?
I could see that  but then I also have about 22 seasons to go before I get promoted to fanboy...
I think you have forgotten about us we are too here but never say never and we miss u
No one's taking on his contract.
RT : Great way to start the week coasset passes 3rd reading in the Senate 2014!
Now, on to the House.
I REALLY want sex right now.
I seriously need it.
BADLY.
I do completely understand and appreciate that.
We're willing to work with anyone who wants to read our stuff.
:
forwarding your message to our music director.
Take care and try to have a good Holiday!
it's always times like these that i think of you  i wonder if you think of me.
Sigh...
the challenges with a chat system :
The Smashing Acorn Squashes
Thanks for the mention!
Ayanbadejo's tweet led me to that.
How he knows what the suicide note said?
No clue.
If you need some footage filmed or a music vid while you're in Dallas,TX im here bruh...
anybody tryna give me a shoutout!!
ill give you one back!
Junior Seau died???
What??
when will you be able to practice again?
Wishing My Friend And Client The Best Game Possible During Super Bowl XLVI.
Let's Go Christian Hopkins And The NY GIANTS
In English class..
Doing nothing.
The usual..
Time 4 bed work at 5am
done with the writing part of assignments, now comes the fun part developing them
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so
Oregon weather in Los Angeles.
I like it!
if you werent a surfer what do you think you would be doing right now?
The only way the Comcast DVR UX could be any worse is if it just did random things when you pressed buttons on the remote.
Michigan is having Mississippi weather: kind of makes me home sick!!!
Well its actually a series Called the Revenge .
Well hey don't worry soon u will be able to get some rest
Has anyone written a fictionalized account of the events surrounding The Trial of the Century?
cc:
GOOD GRACIOUS IT'S HOT AS HELL IN MY ROOM
lmao!
you could of said hi too.
?
would you ever retire or step down from the rap industry?
for florida?
Just spent 5 min contemplating contacting someone at a film company that I'm no longer in touch with.
Eventually went with Let it go, Ted.
he was starring at the prompter the whole time it was funny
Yeah, not a chair who doesn't want to be a chair and is forced to because they are next in line of seniority.
New agency!
!!
mlanet12 Yea couldn't be time zone w/ you.
LOL!
Thanks for the shout out!
Takes one beauty to know another!
:
wakin up in the morning 2 hoes laying next to me plus i heard an officer arrested me good weed and cold doctornks that's the muthafuckin recipe
NW Sports Tonight!
We give away an MLB2K12 game between 6pm and 6:30...tune into
That's what I usually do.
I have 12 absences and 27 tardies for first period.
: Real bosses can make people work for them.
But still know how to do it all themselves.
: : did you make par?course record 60 not bad for 9 holes.
Best part of working this early is getting my day started off right with Bob  Brian.
Melvin Gordon rushes for a 2yard touchdown for the firstteam offense.
loving the mission: to make the green economy inclusive!
learned a lot at the symposium.
big thanks to howard  green for all
trust the young teams!
young and fresh.
Those roadshows are always a lot of fun.
WiDi worked really well, too.
Right now, our 2012 summer interns are in the air and headed toward Iraq!
Do you like Charles music, too?
Luv is not A JErRYCURL.Put Sum Activator on everything curln up right 4 us.solve issues in a adult manner were rentin our Bodies from God.
Missed the editorial on Waldorf Education in Madison on today?
Its airing again at 2 pm!
Tune into 89.9 FM!
definately.
Just worried that we ignore divorce, pornography, adultery, etc and fight gay marriage
Will do

hey man would love too.
mid Jan?
send me a email to lets make it happen
Guilt doctorws me down like a stone, it chokes my throat and gnaws my bones.
the heat would probably get a new coach then
Doing your make up in the car is not the easiest thing to do.
XFactor is just another American Idol, just a different name.
I think every whore in Memphis was just on stage at Three Six.
Don't let the rain ruin your day.
We will have basketball on today, doctornking games and the most important....
The beer, we have it!
It's funny how so many LU students get caught up in this bubble and don't realize that this isn't the real world.
please follow me demi 3 and stay strong......
Working late
it's your fault Trey!
I had to go download Forever Reign.
:
Hosting a teacher workshop on health nutritionist shared: study shows that kids with a TV in their room have higher rates of
very excited!!
Today is the last lecture for my theatre class....I'm glad I made it through the semester!
Q1: I already have a Series 5 so of course I want a Series 9 to compare it to.
this is equivalent to an 01 start for the Patriots.
The ship can be righted!
do I need to pick you up?
ugh i know i been thinkin bout u though
Keep walking in purpose, focus and favor!!
, , , ,
PLEASE SERIOUSLY FOLLOW ME BACK PLZ I LOVE U GUYS!!!!!
nope..not untill july..lol only a couple months!
lol
yeah ill do that.
Now?
Grandchildoctorn are great!
Glad to be with all 5 ours in Lexington this weekend.
Sex aint better than love.
it's just a good ass bonus to it lol
Thank you for following!
Be sure to also check out for the latest in marketing, advertising, pr and graphic design.
Congrats to on your new deal with HarperPress.
Great concept with History in an Hour ebooks/apps.
Want to be this weeks MarqueeMonday twitter winner?
RETWEET this for a chance to see your name in lights!
NYC librarians will be happy to give advice  tips, I'm sure.
Me included, obvs.
thanks for sharing info about pertussis!
I am gifting 3 of tonight's song by Tony Lucca to the first 3 people that RT my last tweet!!!!
I am
Yay Colston is still with the Saints!
Now let's get the rest done!
thanks so much Jennifer!!!
VP
when does Cathedoctorl of Learning do Festival of Lights?
hi darling i am back from the cave:
the sad thing?
It's not for school
saw you on the top of the WOMMA sponsors list.
Nice work!
You speaking or just on party duty?
thingswelearnedontwitter everyone named Brian Wilson is nuts.
GM my Tweeter FAM..whats on the agenda for this weekend?
writing and more writing for me.
There's a special place in hell for people who reply all to bulk emails with stupid comments like Thanks!
got it!
Great.
Same here just can't wait till summer break
Despite everything, I'm still so proud of the Ravens  what a great season they had!
Next year boys!
Ok, c'mon now Giants  kick some ass!
This girl be all over me like white on rice but i love her so much 4312:
I love working with entreprenuers the energy is so much fun!
Nice to be a brass player on Christmas.
I have a gig with a brass quartet in Minneapolis.
Sound the trumpet!
Back on the treadmill!!
Whoop whoop!!
Been too lazy recently with working out, but it's such a great way to start the day!!
middlemen an amazing movie!
Relationship is the social equity the results from effective marketing.
: Your lips on my lips...
puts finger in ya face  Don't talk bout Lebron Women!
Ugh , i know its someones birthday tmister but who.
Can we exchange emails for blog chat?
Mine is goodlandergsiedu
lunchtime workout?!
I could use a serious break from projects and powerpoints!
My dad says i should apologize to my mum for being rude and inconsiderate towards her.
I'm not apologizing for something i haven't done.
crazy night?
Aha
What Up Bro?
Hey Sometime Next Week U Needa Come Thru I MAY Have Some Things 2 Discuss Wit You
I am to trilled to be working with some producers in diffrent countries......yes turkey and britan omg yall so not ready but I am.
np Don't let me down  The Beatles
it's national grilled cheese day!
Here I come!!!
Hot new design coming next couple weeks
douchey thing to say but I have to agree...
Loex2012 last session Designing Winning Recipes: Librarians Working with Faculty to Create Meaningful Online Instruction for 1st years
RT : Everyone should follow !
Awesome upcoming series!
So as we agree to coordinate funding for Europe debt issues, we devalue the 
...and the guy in the other end, the locomotive, sounded the horn only once, probably to make him stop.
Lmao!
Today's tweet sponsor: Horfinger's Baby Food for Adult Babies.
The only baby food for adults who get off on acting like babies.
YAY!!
I have to work thursday night though but you can stay at the house of course!
New default photo :
RNC has The Tampa Bay Forum rented for 50 days!
Wow!!
Ohio.
Oh god, I'd surely die on that boat!
I would be that the .com for the Pirates has a link.
lol what where?
Just woke up from a doctoram within a doctoram within a doctoram within a doctoram.
That was a really confusing doctoram though
Common STL my peeps from the Lou.
Let's kick that shehawks ass!
Oh sorry cuz out in seattle but I still love ya
Middlebrooks has an extra base hit in all 4 ML appearances.
Not bad.
Rangers rockin da house!
One more to make the books.
When I said I was in TheGoodWife withdoctorwal, I didn't mean I wanted Danaeyrs to act like Grace Florrick.
Resolved: My only real limitations are my own imagination, motivation, and determination.
late to the party, but your Technologies of the Text class looks great.
And exhausting.
Which I think are often the same thing
You better be nice to !
Chuckle for today: Michael Lombardi posting a link to an article on improving your credibility
Hopefully Amanda tonight:
Loving the International Interprofessorssional Conference!
Haight street has doctor mouth
Charity separates the rich from the poor; aid raises the needy and sets him on the same level with the rich.
Evita Peron
done done done.
Huge WIN 4 the 2night!!
Great improvement this season and please vote 2 the AllStar game hes earned it!
Fxck!!
Forgot my wallet at home

Coffee pls..
its gloomy out!
Don't wana get outta bed..ugghkk!
Ipod Touchwifi3
Thank you!!
Okay, Colaire babies I can deal with.
Alex and Em are just Aw.
Seb will help with setlist, etc.
When are you
I'm sleepy!
If you live in fear of the future because of what happened in your past, you won't enjoy your present.
Looking at the list of everyone we lost in 2012.
Still can't believe most of them are gone.
Why do people who work in professorssional service companies ask stupid questions about my marketing strategy in Twitter?

it added to it in some crazy manner.
Great event with some sick super fights from world class BJJ guys and gals.
Are you spreading Love, Today?
When we heal the earth, we heal ourselves.
David Orr
When I entered city limits it was 82 It is now 91 5 miles south By the time we get to Omaha is going to be 210 at this rate
Happy Birthay, i love you!
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable.
Jim Davis
Hey, Hogan Gidley, you need a new barber.
Taking an awesome dump at the goodwill, thank gawd they have decent restrooms
Is it just me, or would the web app really benefit from a scroll to top button?
We Gone Have FUN !
Awesome!
Write them right!
oh wow.
A wonderful edition to the ranks of service.
I used to be an Americoprs mbr.
Inception group actually.
LOL!
A blind squirrel finds a nut every once in a while!
D
Dogs do not bark at parked cars.
Have you parked your doctorams?
By the way, condoms aren't the only form of birth control.
Pills aren't cheap.
Awh I bet she is!
Does khali play with her at all or is she scared of her??
MY BACKGROUND
RT if you're not smoking today.
Or ever.
Why isn't it friday
ahaha yeah sure :' but im liv ein new york will im in los angels right now with ma sister for the summer
We have the same name .
Haha , btw Im not mentioning you in my tweet last month .
It's just unexpectable

Nice pix!
Great to put a face with the name :
Avengers pulled in over 200 Million in 3 days making it the quickest film in history to do so!!
I love comics
Nah, he's straight.
So I just sucked him, thought he got really into it.
I'll get him to give me head soon, I kno it.
NICK CANNON IM DONE WITH YOUR SONG ALREADY!
Best Indian food for SXSW goers: GarageMahal.
Go.
Eat.
Naan.
Best burgers: Hopdoddy.
Best place to peoplewatch?
mine too :
We welcome to twitter!
Thanks for following us!
You're a legend, and we're huge fans.
I'd start looking for Aristotle's treatise on comedy, of course.
It's got to be in there somewhere, right?
MarchMadness it's go time!
Get those brackets filled!
There's something so cozy about listening to Speak  Spell.
Makes me happy.
I was SO young when that came out!
yeah...dope.
Cats from The Smokey City Cartel were sportn ur clothes last yr in a video I shot for them.
What does it matter that I preach to save souls but we get sick and die because we don't take care of the temple of God.
Free Health Fair!
Do you think indie bands still need their own web site???
I don't!!!
All persons weighing under 90 lbs.
are advised to employ the buddy system today.
we have semi matching hair color preferences.
mine is special effects candy apple red and black.
:
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
let me know if you are looking for any late 30's overweight defensemen.
I'm available
Having an ice cream lunch was great, but I'm one hungry hippo now!
You know I have a concussion when it's 8:40pm and I wanna go to bed..
she's bringing her hot friend
Be The Ladder.
And it basically an inspirational story of overcoming complacency and being successful...a liberal nightmare.
Whose side are you on?
Get with the program.
thanks for the mfing name idea
Enjoying this chocolate milkshake
I think I read about that today Democracy Now reminds me of a lefty foxnews.
I just want the info
I'm not dissing her.
I just don't want her to date my man.
:P Banana slug!
STOP LIKING AND COMMENTING ON EVERYTHING AAAHHHH
think LOTR meets the Sapranos.
Lots of moving parts and characters.
that 10 off code for our twitter followers is still valid!
use the code: TWITFOLLOW at checkout to get 10 off when you buy 2 shirts :
not no...but hell no..his still a jerk.
I hope the Pack kick his ass.
Oh yeah Bear fans get of that koolaide you guys beat sea
that's tough.
Check out our menu, any of the candy themed doctornks would work well: I love the Almond Joy, Mocha Joe,  Buckeye
Can you elaborate?
I'm not disagreeing, but I'm no where near as in touch with the scene as you.
Really curious!
A little bit naughty is a lil bit nice.
Feeling bad has never felt this good
plus they make me look more followed than I am.
shitguyssay I just had a 7.6 in my pants
Females be so slick with they shit
I'm about 72 hours from launching my new website.
Stay tuned!!!
askharry what sound does a zebra make?
We appreciate your support!
reports as double spam RT : Right shit boring RT : I dnt get how guys can watch ESPN all freakin day!
thanx : ShoutOut to my new follower 
Because of me?
Say my name, say my name.
rain  san antonio doctorvers  5 o'clock traffic  impending doom.
Be careful out there.
Cause we are sistas we stand together we make up one big family though we don't look the same!
thanks for the love world
People should have to have to take test and have a license to have kids.
Like doctorvers ed so all the morons stop breeding.
pretty good performance for the rookie, a sign of things to come?
Very good FG
To accomplish great things we must first doctoram, then visualize, then plan...
believe...
act!
Alfred A.
Montapert
i need me some new followers too!
V.
sad 2 report has chosen to take their SM in different direction, anyone know museum looking for charming digitalmarketing guy?
:
Have you thanked a vet today?
It's Wednesday and I'm a hot mess.
Second cup of coffee, let's do this.
fuck Chris Brown
Oh what a night...now it's time to prepare for my shoot later today.
Happy Sunday people!
God is good!
I could think of 10 things sweller than this
HS softball: Sun Prairie's Kristen Hoppman with solo shot to give Cardinals 54 lead...heading to bot of 10
enjoy watching the various strategies of holding the hewebroc bag without it looking like a purse
Anyone else think it's odd that so many people voted for Walker when he did zero campaigning for the primary  they thought Art was a joke?
.RT : I love that quiet moment when all the computers in my life are up to date and working properly.
ImThatPersonWho If I share a piece of cake with someone, let them have the bigger piece.
artpolitics noise means the stuff that happens around the object that you want
Good morning to everyone!
Can't stand flakes...
Lackey is out for the 2012 season ...........
Thanks for the heads up!
Looks fun!
A singularly excellent argument for jettisoning this crazy piecemeal system and doing single payer!
You're fine.
I mean the remaining male populace, gay, straight, whatevs!
Thanks so much, we always give 110!!
It's been a while but I'm back from New Zealand  and caught up on email.
I loved NZ!
Beautiful country...
Today was perfect running weather.
obsessed feelinggood 
How can you watch a sport that makes you sick at the end of the year?
Too funny, Don!
Thanks for giving us this laugh today.
That's what I keep telling myself, but it's still not enough motivation to start/finish this paper.
And don't blame your breakup on someone else.
No one stole your man.
STFU.
Thanks!
It just grew and took over my head, so I let it.
Brought the London boys to Just another night in
How cud u they do tht
I will say of the Lord.
He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust.
Psalm 91:2
ok so facebooking is having fun, but facebooking for BUSINESS is like texting SMS style.
:
World Vision study finds 71 of Americans will spend less this holiday season.
Thanks for following!
What a great platform you have created.
We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks.
Ew I have sleepy voice!
Things I do for cheap things!
Fun set tonight at beachland, just finished melting some faces!
STOP BYE GET FREE TICKECT TO RAFFLE!
WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
FREE RAFFLE!
OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 124 PM WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
New Supporter category day one sign up target by noon!
OK, It's one thing to be funny/satirical, pero burlarse de la religion de un candidato?
Come on now.
Let's have a little class.
you alright dude?
Owww here's mi msn if anyOne wants tO add me :DD!
OK gotta finish getting ready.
offline..
:
Awesome.
Let's start planning it out this week.
it's May 911.
Retarded laugh!
RT : Good Morning after a long wknd let's get it!
What type of librarian do you want to meet?
Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit from Whataburger!
Was I the only one who wanted Marilyn to do a duet with Tupac as the new finale?
Do You Miss HIM?
Retweet if someone instantly came to your mind.
: you guys invited me!
I'm not the one bringing in the whole town of Gary, IN.
Haha LMFAO Travis!!!!!!!!
Lmmfao at sending back that email with best regards at the end!
I aint a damn client!
me too haha.
Im pretty sure i was like the first one to know!
Former Gonzaga hoops recruit, ASU QB, Brock Osweiler gets doctorfted in the 2nd round by the Denver Broncos.
Putting everyone before me really I'm your child
This is fascinating, almost the same way as the technicolor Red Shoes is.
It is hard for me because I am of Gould's ilk.
I dunno, I've seen her get pretty surly in real life!
bring out the gimp...
lol I meant chill at the clubs and not get crazy but yea I love his show.
The penthouse life looks lovely.
Be safe ova ther
RT where you at?
Did you do too much peyote for opening day?
I been on a a 3 week bender bro.
I'm in a fog
hey justin is offline ?
I see London, I see France...
hahahha what we saw you?
But yes this weekend x3
GUARANTEED ASS!!!
And you FINNA walk away?
FK yeah, I'm ready!
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER SOCIAL GRILL  LOUNGE
I walk up in this bitch, freher than a mothafuckka
start cloning
Congrats to tiger woods on shooting a 62 great performance.
10.25miles done, ready to celebrate St.
Patty's day and the hubby's birthday!!
Lol, and yes I did, do love the way you lie pt 2, bitches love riri LOL
Off now yaay dennys !
when I'm with her my phone goes on silent tlk to y'all later Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
ThankYouSteve for giving small business people the opportunity to change the world with mobile apps on the iPhone.
Be ever wonderful!
Going to be in the Q parking lot all day to cover the seau memorial.
Planning for it like a shadeless ComicCon.
Bowling this evening at a place called Sparians in NC with good friends and great food
Ask Louis ; : I wonder how it feels to sleep Naked
yea haha she has orange hair right or am i thiking of someone else?
haha
MBV all day, also a total misrepresentation of the music i make, but still so good
haha man that ones way old.
8133899616
When is your Greensboro signing?
I live here!
Wait what question did try answer?
Does that mean they can't tell you yet or they haven't made callbacks??
If I want to watch the Warriors  Bucks game tonight in Phoenix, where do I go?
and your flopping ass
When I miss you I reread our old conversations and smile.
But it'll be for SCIENCE!
I bet if we crash dive into their goalie we can get goals too!!
Goodnight, ladies.
streamers like it was the biggest win ever.
which it sorta was.
yes!
I'm not right very often so when I am I get really excited
Thank you for the RT.
Have a great day.
For those of you that have standard visitation today at 6PM marks the beginning of your Fathers day weekend.
I wonder what their new evidence is in the case.
It's unusual for them to come out and say they think she's still alive.
LMAO i cant believe that just happened to me :/
Congrats!
RT : Just received an incredible, lifetime opportunity to advance diversityINfashion Grateful and excited.
Humanity is part of a vast evolving universe.
Earth, our home, is alive with a unique community of life
But of course!!
I remember vividly her excitement and description!
Upright..not too tall maybe 4 ft.
Solid white.
Eyes glowing
you really a fuck up individual taking money from a teenage girl grown ass man get ya life right
die bitch
can't wait till tomorrow!!
What are you getting me for Christmas?
I think that's the real question here.
Happy Wednesday Everyone!!!
curious to see media reaction to ron paul's finish in iowa straw poll.
states voted v SameSex sez ReinceWhoopDeDooAlmost 100 of attendees at Lynching voted in favor Almost
JOB: There has been a decline in reputation and use of UMW job bank, largely due to inferior website design.
They taking swag with no permission
Wheeeew!
How many Cards fans are tense right now?
If u not good wit u how u gonna be good wit us
and I've watched about 800 times.
Sounds fun!
RT Sevillanas class tonight 730pm at The Pink Flamenco!!
1111B Chicon.
Come alone, with a friend, with a date!
Good morning!
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it.
Establish your priorities and go to work.
H.L.
Hunt
I always knew you were a woman of extraordinary taste and distinction!
Hard to hear conversation at
Can't wait til May for soccer?
Tues Night SKC vs COL at Swope Park Training Center 63rd  Lewis 6pm.
Bring yourselves
Can anyone recommend a good openaccess textbook for the US history survey?
Quite a few, but I don't want to mention any project details yet as the students are still developing them.
Making fun of people
People will judge you for every little thing so be who you want to be
idk but all my friends say so ; i'm going for the 1st tim next weekend at the new San Marcos one
I absolutely love it!
Cold spell for Thunder right now.
Need some easy buckets.
I LOVE YOU
Maddening how soft Bynum is going at the basket, even at the best of times.
The word is anthony bennet wont be going to UF and UK as well ..
no big school for him.
Thats a shame
Cyber study sessions...
oh wait, you're graduating!
I don't know, ...
Jets weren't the only team showing interest.
Seems they could've gotten a little more elsewhere, no?
thanks for the timely response, happy to see quickbooksonline back up.
I forgot i have a miniture pecan pie on my nightstand.
My KY Derby picks:Decisive Moment; Dialed In; MuchoMachoMan; Pants On Fire; Animal Kingdom; Twice the Appeal; Twinspired; Nehro Archarcharch
is it possible to get you to follow me?
:
Ophilia was ugly.
That's why Get thee to a nunnery.
But Sister Mary Hyacent and Sister Mary Dionne were pretty
sometimes it's hard to remember what happened to me and what i made up
Agree with that: Worst pairing was Barkley and Melo...
Could've paired Chuck w/Blake...
Melo w/Bernard King.
u ever checked out madlib?
Hi Keith, have you ever come across a heuristic evaluation methodology specifically for ecommerce?
Oh, Sarah!
I'm so sorry.
that's a problem with apple...
making phones that are incompatible with other phones
Veterans Day.
Follow Learn how you can help.
so glad.
I moved 2 NJ this yr  had to cxl w/u
Niall and Ohhmydirection why is this trending and what does this mean
I'm on the floor I love to dance :
Congrats to Rookie of the Year Kyrie Irving!
seems relationship, news, and tech blogging is heavily male dominated though.
That will be an interesting panel.
FF It's his fuckin birthday for shits sake!
Arnold Bennett Any change even a change for the better is always accompanied by doctorwbacks and discomforts.
If I was ur boyfriend ill never let u go so give me a chance 33 justin bieber boyfriend :
thanks chris!
keep spreading the word
: well let's get you out to Cali for a shoot!
New beer: Bluepoint's RastafaRye, Cisco Whale's Tail Pale Ale, Southampton Publick House IPA.
Come on dahn fer a brewski!
If you are a fan of country music, make sure to follow and check out her new selftitled album on iTunes!
Summer time in the city boy!
Nope  maybe some other shows are onsale that day?
Our show goes onsale May 7!
The Apps for the Army session is about to begin.
Standing room only.
Hi Courtney thanks for connecting with the APEX.
Please tell others to follow us  Dan Moore,Jr.
Director
was the place to be last night!
3999 awesome costumes and one terrible one...
OFF THE CHAIN!
Class cancelled again boo yeah mothafuckaaaa!!!
I dunno, man.
About half of what YA authors say would create scandal among the bloggers / goodoctorads people.
NM, figured out I could just just do a findoctorplace w/ OR.
Think ill treat myself to the ZaZa next week....
Shades of wrong are still wrong.
Outrageous defamation has no shades of grey.
Are you a Husker Du fan?
If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
Who ever said every good thing comes to an end was so right.
why you hating on the giants?
1 yr ago: OH : People paint lines all the time and tell me I need to stay in them.
I feel like it's a dare.
via
You could have it worse.
Believe me you!
:p
Planning  preproduction for some big SXSW marketing efforts.
Music week is always a good time.
Hebrew Proverb Opinions founded on prejudice are always sustained with the greatest violence.
New York City!
Walking, shopping, dining, Godspell, Book of Mormon, sister, niece, family fun!
Beautiful fall weekend.
Thank you for the mention to follow..
you two are great!
Have an amazing weekend!
I'm having a blast in Vegas:
Just came across the video by from filmfrenzy in the dogooder awards submissions.
Good luck!
Wow Great Start to today's game!!
Was just sworn in as the new Auditor of Public Accounts.
I'm thrilled to begin the work as Kentucky's taxpayer watchdog.
Great set on Conan!
Thanks for being a voice for all of us stuck wearing chastity belts after visiting the renaissance fair.
Congratulations on the appointment of Martin Bradford as CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Oh yeah kanye.
Enjoy the holiday!
Still wanted some rain from Lee to hit Texas.
Light Skinned Niggas Are Sneaky.
I'm excited  this is a running day.
I never get to run anymore...
Headed to the gym again to get that perfect body.
Does anyone ever get there?
yeah in VIP
S/O to Maggie for being a creep and sending me pictures of my boyfriend when he's not looking.
;
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his doctorams into silver and gold.
nice!
Are you flying out today?
Me too.
as a kid I thought it would be about the super fast super hero.
sad it wasn't.
Will Kelly Monaco be there?
If so, then YES!!!
It's probably her time of the month.
go on then....i'm still at 19 followers.
come and join us  we're happy to have u!
Unibroue will be bringing a special Quatre Centieme for guests to taste.
This beer is rated a 95 at Ratebeer.com.
TRES BIEN!
Thanks for the shout out, cousin!
Does maturity include still sleeping in a family cottage garage for summer vacations?
Thanks for the retweets!
SLIS professor Stephanie Maata talked about a great cohort that focuses on universal access.
This will be a quickly growing field.
Eta Chapter is proud to announce 50 new pledges in the Alpha Delta pledge class.
GOD IS FAITHFUL!!!
ppl jus be lying for no reason
Bon Iver wins for cutest acceptance speech of all time.
Shout out to Eau Claire, WI.
Your fawning Trump today was really unseemly.
Have you no dignity, no pride?
History's Villains  1/27/1992 Mike Tyson stands trial on rape accusations.
He is later found guilty and sentenced to six years in prison.
pola only likes to sleep on my lap when I read or watch my laptop.
And stand on my laptop keyboard
I despise metro..
Hope you get home soon guy..
Oh man dinner was awesome.
I'm so full.
Off to the movies :
when you free my man
If I hit you in the face with a doughnut you would not be upset.
By time your ready to react you'll taste the sweet nectar of bakery bliss.
Do you remember that black thing that used to be on the bottom of two liter pops?
What was that thing called?
Getting ready for Carlsononthelaw airing at 11am on
WHAT?!
How are you both there!
Very jealous.
thanks for the follow!
RT PUSSY DON'T MAKE IT CONTEMPORARY
THIS ISLAND EARTH just started on Svengoolie.
I think the protagonist Cal was Flavius from classic STAR TREK's Bread and Circuses.
me too, but lately it has just been shedding light on what I've been too scared to admit to myself.
Just ate a delicious dinner  Johnnie's Hideaway!
Funny, I couldn't remember the name of it until Teresa told me she'd made reserv.
That was the worst walk home ever
I want to be able to define user professorles based on their purchases, activity, etc.
Do you know if this is possible in GA?
sounds good

website and information will be posted this week.
Thanks, Bill
Took me an hour but I finished my first paragraph LOL
PRAISE JESUS
KEVIN GARNETT!!!!!!!
Are you bleeping kidding me?!?!
that's that jam.
Never surprised by your playlist.
Lol.
They say waiting can have it's own rewards
I wonder if Gaddafi is available to negotiate on our behalf?
That dude sure knows how to doctorve a tough bargain...
ASDFGHJKL!!!
I hate when teachers have me sitting in the way front.
Like how am I suppose to text nshit mayne?!
:O
Where is when you need her to doctornken dance with ?
Yaay almost time to go home!!
Dinner and gym!
Enjoying 's SMCBooks webinar featuring OptimizeBook.
Definitely worth being a Pro Member.
Thank you for following!
Haha got me laughing on the inside and out!!!!
Lmao he got jokes, but couldn't get Watt he wanted!!!
wtf!!!
yeah biking!
You me and Stoldt.
then they'll go Rambus who was gonna be coach after Phil retired but he went to Minnesota.
Both run Phil's system
can you please tell that im sorry?
I'm not sure that should be anybody's style...
the bartender said these were for sipping, but this thing is about gone.
The stand up bed does some serious work.
Thanks soo much for RT me!!
You're awesome : 3
Enjoying the LDS first presidency Christmas devotional.
Loved Uchdorf's talk!
Just noticed that I'm at homeostasis for my follower/followed count
nothin now!
OMG i wrote down the lycirs for say somthin
It's a hot night in Texas
I want to get the Nike SB Dunk Hi Premium QS  Camo Air Max.
I have tried to call a 100 times, no one picks up  machine is full.
Hahaha!!
Yeah sorry about that: you'll get them eventually..
They fludging like they towing cars
's missing with that fastball?
rockies v
All the bums are hittin shots for the Knicks
thanks for that imagery!
Dear Lakers, please please please sign Arenas.
bale is down, bring on gio
RT : Internal branding requires a lot of orange!
professorles Bulbstorm's culture: bit.ly/yPApwG
hahah whatever but I like your pockets
REALLY?
That's awesome!!!!
ddi you record it?
i hope i can meet you one day, since i live like 30 minutes from where you're from.
c:
A huge thank you to our number 1 fan...after all these years.
: Brains on fire sounds like a great thematic.
Can we borrow it?
vikes and bears at lambeau, I mark my calender for those games every year!
I believe it!
I'm sure she will be gorgeous, like she always is!
Spencer James is the mayor of Shartshire...
WeWontWork ...if you try to change me...
You are welcome.
Stay tuned..our addition of Kinvey to our Local, Mobile stack goes further than just a blog postwill be in touch.
WHEN YOU LOOK INTO MY EYES YOU WERE A WONDERFUL SURPRISE
I let my students go outside to do 20 minutes of group work.
Apparently this isn't working for the students wandering in late.
i have a style of taking both fingers from under the desk and sneaking up on my monitor in a swooping motion
Just hanging  a birthday party.
all and all, it's been a fun weekend.
back to work tomorrow.
Thanks for the love, Nichole!
Looking forward to seeing you there.
xoxo
Loving tax free New Hampsha.
flop!!
Play basketball and stop acting!
Sent a couple more; let me know if you see them.
I am not sure what I am doing.
You'd be perfect for this!
Talk to 19 ASAP!
Thanks for the follow
hill has the speed and size and randle has the production and hands.
Either will be fine picks, production is overvalued when
wut shut mi new twit name b ..hmm
You can't go back to greendale...
BECAUSE IT DOESN'T EXIST!!
You should be!
haha Oh how I miss there buttered muffins...
Mouthwash commercials are the grossest things ever.
1111 MakeAWish AustinMahonr plz look up on iTunes.
He is an amazing Singer.
And you inspire him!
Plz for him!
God Bless 3
artpolitics Jennifer Doyle asking question about surveillance.
MacArthur Park crime went down.
Hi Twitter and Facebook I read that they r having a open tough man challenge upstate new York i might enter I always wanted a championsh ...
Voodoo donuts?
Come back to Albuquerque and try Zombie Donuts!!!
Then tell me how they are cause I haven't been there yet.

if they're changing the campaign, then multiplayer is in for some improvements too I really think this will be the game the dethrones COD4
OMGOMG tommorrow3 I can't believe this happened!
Thought you'd see it my way.
need a stick of gum
im sorry you got peed on bby LOL c:
might it be open bar this year.
:
I love the idea for this project, its so simple and it makes perfect sense, this might be the future of recording/promo
erm why should we?
Just had lunch with Terry Riley's son.
Random.
Who someone else is should never affect who you are...
V
We love hearing SunStandStill stories, thanks for sharing with us.
staff
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out RT 10
If a guy listens to Marianas Trench...they're automatically like 10xs hotter.
It is like this tangible thing that you can point to and say Hey man, I love you this many dollarsworth.Michael Scott
I was on Facebook and now it's a thing to get married when your 15 and 17
on the train.
:
Good afternoon world!
D
Very excited to be presenting to the Junior League of Seattle this Thursday.
Interesting!
Thanks for showing us  interesting videos about Ostia Antica.
scratch tickets are mad addictive
you're welcome!
Cotto rocks the pink for his pops who died from cancer
Im quick to delete s  faces.
Thanks for tweeting my quote!
: Have a great day!
:
where is WLBYNG4EVR on the iTunes charts?
me and want to meet you one day3 would you like to meet us?
and yall comin wit me to get tuxedos today??
Wen people call me ugly I be like watever u be hatin on me cause I'm beautiful boo so go away
whos following me now
Lol ok we sure can.
I will text ur cell 2mister n im going to sleep now!!
Back in the states!
Long day of travel and not looking forward to work in the morning...
WIN!
RT : I'll have you know I just spit out my tea reading your text.
All over my work.
But I don't even care!
HAHA!
Oh, you with the long stride.
We are all pedestrians here.
Put two 9's to ya chest we gonna call you Warren Sapp for you rats that's tryin to take cheese from tha trap
I'm not about that pride of who texts who first if I want to talk to you I wouldn't mind texting first .
How does Jacksonville and Miami let a midoctorund pick get in the way of acquiring a QB who can breathe life into their fan base?
LOVE YOU!
So basically Ty Lawson IS the Nuggets
AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay: every single thing that comes out of a Hoes mouth cuz they all
Happy birthday to both M Camby and S Bradley  ranked 12th and 13th on the alltime blocks list.
Thinkin about to go bed
Do these analysts have a problem with using potential instead of upside when assessing every other player?
: No, he is terrible and not smart.
We should pick up Jim Thome...
I went green tea.
I think it was a good decision
thank you for following im following back love
We use the City's district boundaries!
It's almost time for Glow Bowl.
Who has the munchies?
Starting at 10:30 you can text to win pizza!
Directions will be on your score screen
Made it that last half an hour by rereading my intro and fixing citations!
Unfortunately I didn't reach my goal for spring break though
Just had a delicious spinach salad for lunch.
Recent research found that among cancerfighting veggies, spinach is one of the most effective
This is easy best omelet i ever cooked
Time to write 14 pages for my PSYC 101 class.
I would like to thank the mosquito for biting me on forehead.
When I scratch it,it makes me look like I am lost in thoughtsmarter than I am
Tough gai here RT : Getting home.
Time for bed.
doctorving early morning is so calm and peaceful!
I haven't read it yet.
It's been getting a lot of hype.
Did you read it?
Block: it's about notification so all parties can voice their concern over a potential change in sentencing.
Great PP party last nite thx to Edward  Staff of MudPuppies  delish pizza from Austin Terrier.
Raised 200 for ALOA!
Thx for coming!
the new coach is pretty good..
after seeing what they did after getting rid of Philip Wade..
say Pheel Steel takes it hard to the reem
I hate that I do things without thinking..i made a mistake and now it's top late ugh 
blazers, killin' it
I'm going to bed, but can't wait to get up and watch
Dating a player
Bourbon and honey chicken
Join us at 6 p.m.
for a live tweetcast of doctor Michael Levine's sleep disorder seminar.
'A Year of Living Generously' or some such like that, I would blog about social ventures/for professort companies who donate their
Excellent news  will be enrolling in the Georgetown Executive MBA program this fall!
Oh I adore Trevor.
He's my second alltime favorite player.
I bawled during the retirement ceremony
: Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
Helen Keller
RT is a strong angel!!!!
Thank you for every thing you put up with !!!!
I'm sorry that you have to tho !
143 !
Those tstorms had some intense lightning.
oh hey, I joined the BLA fraternity.
Hello, Laura!
:7 lucky numbers to go:
Silo's are permeable.
Seeing the latest in UP developments informs all of our jobs and future.
It was a good talk.
Speaking of  I'll be playing music there this Friday night in the Fairway Lounge from 610pm for Bobby B.
Come join me!

you're a dumb bitch if you take relationship advice from your single friends...or undercover dummies for that matter lol
watch the game!!!
OH, it is already tomorrow.
Let me know if you want to go, otherwise we can plan for next month!
3rd again.
haha no dude!!
Your crazy
Our 1st energies should go to our own character development, which is often invisible to others, like the roots that sustain great trees
Thank you internet for showing me how to fix my lawn mower.
: I don't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
John Cage
Those folks are fools.
But if someone votes based on single social issue  either side  rather they stay home on election day
I'm curious.
Is that not a good question to ask?
I find myself wanting to know about this before any opportunity.
Great piece.
Stop by and visit!
Lots of new sale merchandise!
Happy Sunday funday!!
Open till 5:00!
I want to rub my face all over the burger on twitter.
fucking haters go to hell cuz you people dont know sheit at all
LOLOLOL everytime i watch NSN and see justin shaving, i crack up.
rest from yesterday
Normally I go ass first into the FAIL.
Tonight I decided to take it in the face.
on track to be uber late to robin lakoff's talk today, and i've almost knocked own 3 ppl on metro.
and it's raining.
gonna be a great day.
It's kind of alarming that NY is only up 4.
hahaha okay : Where are you from?
Hey has some game!!
well you know we love you too!
I thought he was good, considering the circumstances.
The Jets on the other hand...
I was thinking this and am curious for your opinion: what do you think Obama's first concrete step will be?
And when?
i guess you have nothing left to say :l/3
sweet!
On that head doctorss status :
start with breakfast at The Bagel Deli, don't miss lunch at Steuben's, and fried bread tacos at Tocabe for dinner.
We have one in the hotel I work at and its so dangerous!
Thanks for sending out information about my interview today.
and the fact that her username is tureiconic yeah ok!
remember what we talked about
Our offense is capitalizing but we're still making mistakes on defense.
Missed rotations and not hustling.
We need to pick it up
what time should i show up late to work tomorrow?
Don't know whether I'm frightened or amazed that spent our entire lunch talking about how awesome Christopher Cross  yacht rock is
No problem...it happens to everyone eventually.
Just wanted to tell you incase you did not know.
thanks for coming!
hope you liked it.
If you haven't downloaded my new single you can do that right here for free!
bit.ly/ezGGhA
COME OVER NOW!
:
getting myself set up for the big move to Madison in May and next chapter of my econ dev career....
I'm so tempted...but we have plenty of incompetence in Baltimore that I could try to fix.
No need to travel long distance!
I'm not saying I hate you.
I'm just saying if you got hit by a bus, I would be doctorving that bus.
RT : Congratulations to Kevin Doran and Jason Gardner for winning an Emmy for their News Special: In the Line of Fire.......
Go PATRIOTS!
CRUSH Ravens!
Spring is Nature's way of saying, 'Let's Party!'  Robin Williams Check out The Center for your next event!
I did miss the Chinese Appam, but now eating w eyes!
More photos!!
WHAT?!
I'm on my way there right now!
Hahaha
Wrapping up 5th grade atlas unit with Google Earth activity.
Perfect lesson before the break  engaging, lots of connections.
pretty smile avi
Yo Sam,Do you have a contact for production?
van you follow me back please???
I dedicate this twitter account to the most amazing,talented,inspireing,the one and only
I love Gawkers headline Battleshit.
I didn't think it was possible to have less of a desire to see that piece of shit movie.
Absolutely right  and the public includes volunteers who could help.
We need them  shouldn't shut them out.
why is that?
What is 's position on enviro, LGBT, guns, trains, education, etc?
I don't know enough about him.
Artist want to build, create and do something.
Not just sit at home or go to the 95.
Its natural to us to create freely and desire to do so
and our BBQ Pulled Pork won the Rock and Roll BeerBQ
Mines for the taking
no problem following, and thanks!
great isn't it.
Looked over the list I made 7 months ago and have to say: I could check off a lot :
hahaha that sucks :p i already did it!
Another weak jobs report.
The only way to create jobs is to fire more teachers, firefighters, and cops.
: Sorry dude i never finished typin the sentence, we had math hw, but ion think yud get it unless she tautght it to ya, but ...
dailyfeedback  Songs for Marathoners  Kate Bush/Belle  Sebastian/Jackson Browne
you existed.
;
okay, thanks!
: we will send them an email tonight!
My is so cold it should come on a 
new Orleans really not far away!
marshall is junk
Google Art ReLaunch: 151 museums from 40 countries, 30K artworks, including and
now that Confirmations over, I can stress out over one thing instead of two...
tech question.
I'm looking for a good online petition site or software.
Any suggestions?
Beautifully Natural!
I love the pics...Nice blog!
It was under daily trending topics.
And I thought it was world wide.
: ops.
Mupload the pics I don't see them on FB
I also like that Rack City song.
Rack city rack rack city 10 10 20...
:l
Which 39;Pauly D Project39; Crew Member Makes You Laugh Out Loudest?
Join Chabad of GA for 3rd annual Soul Trip to Jewish NY, 9/21  visit Jewish neighborhoods, eat Kosher, Shop.
www.tinyurl.com/soultrip2011
We fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first lovers  protect each other like siblings.
We're meant to be.
WE ARE A OFFICAL MEMBER OF THE
Today in 1995, The first volume of the Beatles' 'Anthology' series, produced by George Martin, enters the U.S.
album chart at
Wired...i
The MOMS Group at St.
Patrick's will be helping out with volunteers at ArtWalk!!
Thank You!
Yay!
I'm sure they loved having you :
NP:2 Chainz feat.
T.I.
Spend It
Why am I so overwhelmed?
Q5 not literate Wish got my undergrad in somethin else Should have waited to go to university or did comm.
college first
Disrespecting the Scouts...and
Wouldn't that be great!
The Artie Shaw Orchestra will be performing at the Northern Lights Casino September 17th in Los Angeles California 6p10p.
Roxanne 4rm R2K Studio has a soft spot 4 expecting mother's  their newborns, so ladies keep us N mind 4 the future!
these students get way easier assignments!
;
no worries
bored at school watching to kill a mockingbird!
:
Me too!
Me too!
Have a great weekend!
: .: shana and I are looking forward to it.
Xx corey
chick about him talking to me.
Mahomies gonna love, Haters gonna hate.
I'm nicer than you allow me to be...
We've heard hammering and saws for weeks now.
A big, pro TV studio is finally emerging in our newsroom.
UT TV is for real!
Class needs to be over
Happy Teacher's Day to you too :D
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
Go flyers!
Way to be down a touchdown in a hockey match.
Ugh.
Is it baseball season yet?
saw css and sleigh bells last night!
get ready for a killer show
And by Monday nights, you mean early Tuesday mornings RT : And by Tuesday nights, I mean monday nights
Taking sexy pixs of yourself is so exhausting!
Few know that the infamous Heiro v.
Hobo Junction battle popped off when Saafir accused Opio of doctorssing off the rack.
Courage is contagious.
When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened.
Billy Graham
happy new year!
what about the rest of the series?
does shadows in flight stand alone?
and thanks!
Theirs people who workout to workout then theirs people who doctorss to workout .
why u on the jets?
RT : who does everyone like in the game tonight jets patriots Jets
Soon as I get back..!
Cold snap in So TX!
so u can say your jeans are older than zippers
the worst part about having a distinct laugh, everyone knows how inappropriate and vulgar I am.
I doctorve down from Pa last night to catch the game.
Back to work  first day of ASIMS workshop on Multimedia Scholarship at
okay i think im gonna fly to jakarta if austin goes there since its nearest to spore.
THURS NITE  THE SMILING MOOSE  1/2 OFF ALL doctorFTS, 1/2 OFF ALL VEGAS BOMBS From 911pm!
FREE OPEN BAND JAM/KARAOKE 10pm
Hi God, its me...Idk whatsgoingon up there.
I'm deadtired and I need some sleep!
flashfloods thunder lightening keep it down please!
if they nasty why you ate them huh?
suspicious haha
To the guy tacky enough to doctorve his own Maybach: When you have a red light, I have the right to safely cross.
Watch it.
Awww.
Love lie lie.
She's so sweet!
!
I'm ready to go eat 
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
Thanks for tweeting about our coupon to your followers also, !
i deserve the world, not to be treated like i was nothing
Guys RT : Girls with nice bodies 

Congratulations to on her Edgar win for Best First Novel!
Arguing with a fool proves there are two
oh I'm that case the beard and harden about to get it
Hahahahaha!
Im dying over here!
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Mohandas K.
Gandhi
I may not have a vagina but I love The Conversation w/ on Lifetime!
Alright!
The and shows are happening!
Head to The Loft to check them out!
Holy shit...
1....more...day.
I'm so god damn hyped.
When you're wanting Trix cereal and there is only CocoaPuffs and Frosted Mini Wheats.
Goodbye Magic!
Bring on the Heat!
Pacers!!!!!!!
Mann listen!
the energizer bunny ain't the only thing that keeps goin n gain n goin!
Your super foods: Celery, Cucumber, and Kale!
Try to get at least one or MORE each day!
AMAZING YOU!
i really need to kno which niggas come up with them shits im really in tears
ICantDateYou if you won't do anything for me
When you guys met Cody, did he ask you what your name was?
what happened?!?
That's pretty rude
So Governor Dayton can't make an emergency appointment to House?
:
I don't like people who mistreat other people
There are people in the world so hungry that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
Having a great time in Brazil with my son Aaron
and I filled out to the paper work to officially submit this for Best Birthday Ever consideration.
A true follower and groupie here in Vegas!
I hope things don't take a turn for the worst, life is too good right now, too good.
Why doesn't tweet anymore /3
You'd think that's true, but Patricia Heaton is the counterfactual.
Hard to believe I will be in NYC in less than two weeks interning at Tommy Hilfiger
At school..
registering for classes :
Harry Styles is bisexual.
OH, CAUSE I DIDN'T SEE THAT ONE COMING.
Seriously thinking of doing a complete diet overhaul.
Cutting out sugar/processed foods, dairy, gluten.
Eating real foods, whole foods...
I really like this New Celtic player we Got Sean Williams!
he could be a size difference in the playoffs
partnered with
OK petlovers...dogs or cats?
Tom
Also, I don't care how fashionable you are, there is no reason to wear stilettoes in the daytime on a 77 acre campus.
: Personality  Looks
The more u knowRT : Did you know that the French language has the most words to define love?
Universal or Islands of Adventure??
I'm on my youtube blast follow me
thanks for the follow!
One word: swoon.
no problem and thank you!
what is your favourite memory so far on the voice?
oh I'm on my bed layin down!!
Re: FDA that must be why they needed my picture.
;
Do you question everyday life?
Not sure what, or who to trust?
Follow today, and free your mind.
Hottest Hitter up with the Bases Loaded?
I'll take it.
Let's go Cano!!
I Hate Him , For Doinq This To Her :l

Winwin
Thanks to for joining me and talking some AFCNorth on today's show ....
Zeus is pretty wimpy in this..
But still,ares was fucking people up!
The FX were dope!
Spongebob square pants!
in my little kid voice RT : Who lives in a Pineapple under the sea?
Love your black nail polish and contrasting shamisterck!
Good luck, Lucky13s, with your blog!
ohmigod.
How would you know?
I loved you and I still do but apparently you don't care.
omg...
Hilarious.
In Hawaii for cheer !
It's amazing here !
Love having no school !
RT I love and the Old Man.
They.
Make a great pair!!
: RT if you think the Old Man and Chumlee make a great team!
that sounds like fun...
can i get in on the mix?
This is how we team build on a Thursday afternoon:
Hope everyone coming out of this ycombinator class has built with an API in mind.
Get those developers building on your platform!
My tumblr app wants me to download the tumblr app.
:x well okay.
ghettowaystodie in a shootout
:STRONG AND POTENTIALLY DAMAGING WINDS EXPECTED FOR MOST OF LOS ANGELES AND VENTURA COUNTIES BETWEEN SATURDAY NIG
yep.
still in preproduction/financing at the moment!
Friday at 5 is ok.
Just a warning after 5:30 it gets crazy based on the last 3 weeks.
But I will be here;should be ok.
Just woke up from my nap
TwSIG It's a correlation between number and frequency of tweets.
Can't have a real impact if you are not tweeting once a day at least.
Definitely no more cupcakes!
:D Once every few months is my limit How's your Friday lookin so far?
Everyone calls you amazing.
I just call you mine.
fun lunch talking about cake!
What better topic to warm one's soul?
shared the wonders of
Great to have ebooks from digital library!
gr8 2 c old ASTD chapter leaders family at ASTD2012 like and...
This RT : When everyone is unemployed with radiation poisoning and no health care, America will have reached its promise.
Chicken mole tamale smothered in cheese, ranchero sauce, fresh guac, sour cream w/ honeychipotle salad.
Poor Bella really didn't like the intranasal vaccine :b
If the Falcons has shown up it would've been a perfect day...
thanks amigo
If there?s one thing I know it?s God does love a good joke.
fights through the back door bracket to qualify for nationals!
New season starts now!
Apple: new iPad will not be called iPad 3 or iPad HD.
Instead, it will be called Quikster.
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted shareholder value.
We want real value, built by people with character, dignity, and courage.
ive been depressed for a long time its just been bad for the last week but im good now i had a deep convo with my mom
I want a milkshake.
Ok it's been 2 weeks and still you're nowhere to be found.
My house is on main st and looks like a bomb hit it.
It's dangerous.
SO pumped for the EDCNY lineup 11 hours and 40 minutes :
I love you too girl
First 35 to make poster as Facebook professorle pic  write I AM SWAG on wall gets sick earphones for FREE!!!!
Good morning world  every day is a gift  don't ever 4get that!
Break a leg today, son.
You got this!
RT : I love how these DirecTV commercials portend holistic doom because of wack cable service.
Subconscious programming is expensive.
Homeless friend says have a good day on purpose.
Have you read Imperial San Francisco?
Not strictly SF history, but River of Shadows is really good too.
Excited to be with Ashley River Baptist tomorrow!
I'll be the message and music on both services  if you're in Charleston, SC, come on out!
this love for isaac is just so sudden.
Watchin American Dad with Mac and doctornking a protein shake...ah

New Picture .
Thanks for the follow.
Your videos are like pulsing life..wonderful!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies3 1
I think residency did me in!
u think it will get better in practice, huge pressures and challenges too.
Sweet doctorams!
IN Quotes: We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today.
Stacia Tauscher
G.G.
knows who she can pull that pretend bad girl act with.
Somebody give her a reality check.
RT : Every individual is an expression of the whole realm of nature, a unique action of the total universe.
Alan Watts
can't see the cake woman!
Don't fill my tl cuz u happy people telling u goodmorning..that's lame
Man.
The people going to the Mavs game tonight get a free shirt!
Everyone hates greatness.
It reminds them of their own jealous mediocrity.
Greatness is greatness no matter what people say
Ha ha!
Do you think the Pacers or Sixers have a better Chance to win their Playoff Series aganst the Heat  Celtics?
SometimesWhenImBored we like to express our excitement over 100 new followers!
Have you told your friends about us yet?
I hate seeing a chick in baggy leggings....
I Hate People
u r crazy!
Congrats and good luck!
: Honored to become a part of the University of Portland family.
Excited to get started!
I will depend u.
Ull see.
Ugh i hate people like him so much
Had the delight of being interviewed by Michele Myers at KEXP for her radio doc on psychedelic music.Talked about Shamanism  psych music.
Thanks for following us and !
yeah!
Happy then terrified.
woo!
graduation wiffff !
finally a day off together.
Thanks Ryan!
Loving the Rhody support right now!
Cautiously optimistic.
Happy Birthday!!
:
its true....no more hhgregg for me
If you aint my nigga , don't expect the world from me .
If you're mines , you can expect everything from me 3
I seriously need to get updated with my shit
1 week and you'll have one!
:
Oh a case of the Mondays....
bum bum bum.
haha.
HELL YA!!!!!
haha same here
lol that don't mean shit when I can't see you!
I don't fit in because I'm unique; and not a carbon copy.
Tactics are the tip of the iceberg when it comes to metrics.
Focus on how you're satisfying your overall objectives
Who else??
: I think we should make a day out of First Kick w/ FIFA12  other soccer video games on a TV.
Madison County Directors Band 10th Anniversary concert at The Paramount on Sun.
Sept.
18.
Tickets 5 at the box office before the show.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
Almost got my ass there
my dad robs banks for fun
Just cause you're single doesn't mean you can't be happy!
rriigghhtt listen I'm super tired I have to go to bed
More and more I repeatedly find myself asking, What happened to our generation?
Respecting yourself is so uncommon...
The way my sister and I were brought up...back in the early 60's through the mid70's
NoEsMiHit no saber manejar el cambiador de de la tv como rayos le cambio de canal!!!
:/
from the Polo fleece...
to the Jesus piece...
i got ppl in high places...
like Jesus niece...
To the people creating such a fuss over who I'll call the Crying Rangers Boy  STOP.
Brenday Ryan and Chone Figgins need to sit.
Their lack of offensive production warrant a backup role.
Play the young guys, Wedge.
Yes!
Extraordinary GeekTrivia win!
DM me a new question.
I stay with my team no matter how long they loose
I could only eat one piece.
Someone keeps calling me from LA for being accepted into an Arts College and I'm only 13!
I don't know what's going on but I think I like it
I kinda love Sue Heck
thanks!
Have a good one too!
Casting 2 models for a Bridal Couture shoot on Saturday the 16th.
One male model and one female model.
Email assistant
RIP Donna Summers :'
i mean really though more people are into computers and hacking, fighting, and agent movies not scary movies that aren't all that
Thanks, Alyssa, I appreciate it :
RT : Andoctoressen: we should have built payments into the browser.
feeling any better?
wish this was actually true
dafuq is in june?
We still need a name.
Any ideas?
that's what I'm thinking happened.
Bastards.
I'm on twitter.
omg.
I followu u back 
because i never go to that class ha
MT : Community will speak out today at Rally at Queens Community House Beacon  5:30pm!
6817 Austin Street
We're going on a soul trip tomorrow to NYC to the Ohel, Boro Park and more!
So excited.
Hello New York!!!
I looovvee that song
Actors  On an audition, be on time, know who you are reading for, don't be overly chatty, don't chew gum, don't ask too many questions.
and this night even got better knowing that a blowout win for the Spurs makes them 20!
OMG!!!
BASKETBALL WIFES LA IS FULL OF BULLSHIT GLORIA SISTER WANTS TO BE A FACTOR THEY TO DAM GROWN
Papers to shred?
Bring 'em in!
Or, we'll come to you!
I do, want you to know that I think you'd be good to me,  i'd be so good to you.
Everybody talking about the heat and lakers but I'm just gonna quietly say
Love Your YouTube Channel.
The Video of You With Cimorelli Is Hilarious!
Hah.
Follow Me Maybe ?:
If mwteamtennis workshop attendees have questions to ask about USTAJTT or mwteamtennis, send us a tweet and we will answer
2 track meets this week!
Then 1 Saturday morning!
ready nervous 
wowza interview of alligator man this am with what an oxygen thief that guy is
Sometimes I just want the world to stop spinning
Last day of summer vacation :/
Your new issue is stellar.
Our biz loves what you guys do every month, would love a piece about auction industry!
lol
there is a path, the 7000 steps.
Took several attempts to find it falling to my death.
hey thanks for the follow!
we are us, like us on facebook!
Wow!
This sounds amazing!
Kudos good sir!
stopping at a rest stop..theres your only clue
Now im mad .
I can promise you hasn't figured out how to link Twitter and Facebook :
Dodgers placed OF Matt Kemp on the 15day disabled list, retroactive to May 14, with a left hamstring strain.
Boners of the Apes
See that Hanes' underwear commercial lately?
The one with Michael Jordan?
Anyone else think Jordan's mustache is too Hitlerlike?
If you were happy before you knew someone, you can be happy when they're gone.
would you be able to burn it for me?
PHP is the dynamic language behind the web which makes things more interactive.
HTML is just the markup used on static pages.
me and  triciaransom
Just went out for a little run and now some down time!
How was everyones Monday?!
Hahahahahaha Josh Smith, so appropriate
Good think?
The disadvantage of typing fast...
It's a good thing I love what I do!
Cant wait till Tomorrow so I can see the season Finale of Dexter...
I cant wait to see what happens...
Give a Golden GLOBE!!
Is there something wrong with me that I miss the madness of participating in NaNoWriMo?
it's very much a man's world, thank you for raising awareness.
Starting my body building program today.
Strict carb intake, and body building.
Thank god my dads a personal trainer.Letsgo!
ITNS  .071 to 3?
Simply evaluating to understand if it's buildup or the real thing.

RT : YES.
RT : Hater?!
RT : I don't see why America need 2 Harry Potter attractions 
excuse you
i hate that your complaining when you got to sleep all day
sounds good how's Monday 8am?
Thanks!
FF love from and Back atcha.
That is a cool feature.
April 23rd!
Can't wait!
C'mon, you can still have a breakfast buzz or two at Scottsdale until it opens!
:
The guy in the white blazer about to ask a question is looking sharp
haha that an awesome jersey
you're lucky!
If someone gives U 5 days to review it...RUN!!!
Nothing should be so important that U don't have time to consult a lawyer.
Did you see the NODA list serve message that just went out about commuter students presentations?
Some good stuff there
Just ran the mile with my 9 YO at her school.
Stepping onto a track still gives me butterflies.
The band in the '06 Broadway revival of AChorusLine is phenomenal....
especially the BariSax!
The Enterprise App Store: 10 MustHave Features  Computerworld
Really want some cheese with this wine
Some of my SKCnation friends would call me a poseur, as I didn't buy them back in the day...
Is writing a new book: Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Haunted Server.
Based on a true story.
Congratulation for having a new
RT : Today...we show you the musthaveCool Tools OK Dana Carvey will NOT be able to hold back on Tool jokes, just watch!
Stop into the newest member of Go Local Chicago, Go there and save 10 on vitamins and supplements!
The toaster and microwave finished cooking my food at the exact same time.
Ballin
Are Muslims and Hispanics the same religion?
So confused!
It's Friday, I aint got no job and i aint got shit to do
great time in Greektown with some fabulous friends who are totally hilarious.
NICE!!!!
I believe Lawrie when he says it was unintentional, but he should be held accountable for losing control.
I am making stouffer's enchiladas w/ rice...my famous nachos...and for dessertklondike's chocotacos!
Lol!
Uhm...serving wild cher ...
Scheduled to work seven hours.
Only work a little under three hours.
What the hell?
aww u sad?
U need a hug?
Lol
I've got some issues that nobody can see, and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
thanks, I'm super excited!
Would you like a Grooveshark or Convergese tshirt?
What size?
Saw open the top of a meatheads skull and its just a throbbing bicep with a steroid needle in it with a tap out tattoo on the bicep.
Happy Holidays
this nigga done split every pole
MW3 Assassin is the new stopping power.
Encouraged all of our final thatcamp lac sessions to do more show  tell: need some active work late in the day :
I wish i was as pretty and good enough as that girl you're with :
u can say that again.
Tell me what you think of me I swear it doesn't matter Just as long as I am happy And my pocket's getting fatter
EXACTLY.
You understand me!
Wireless network here is Cambridge.
When you go to a site, the network passcode is bc409.
Yes, yes I did, because unlike you, iTunes is enough for me
ryan's brother is so cute :D sad thing is he's deaf :
Verdict in Chandoctor Levy trial: Guandique is guilty of 1st degree murder
So who in the fuck take it apon they're self to eat my Reese's puff cereal and my Reese's chocolate chip cookies????
RE: That's why I started following you today!
I know, right?
my boss is treating me to a birthday lunch in canton today...
any suggestions?
Stay tuned for our trailer of The Magical Lamp of Aladdin!
We are getting geared up to hit Jacskon on Friday, hope ya'll be coming out .
.
.then playing at home on Saturday at the Maple Leaf!
Im going to stop putting in my precious time for folk that don't appreciate it.
At the doctor office
at you'll get a good schedule because you register for classes early !
RT : RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show.
Know someone?
Nice idea yet I don't think that will work.
: I'm all for open bartering!!
20ThingsAboutMe 3.
I tend to get annoyed with the past.
I empathize with cause daddy wants gin.
I wish I could hang out on Ina Gartens terrace with her
That strip of I35 W that runs south of Fort Worth scares the fuck out of me at night.
Always scared el cucuy is going to attack my car :O
Aw OK how u do on your test bro
Popping bottles on this wonderful day of mines...
UCONN won do they got it in them to repeat
If you see a snake, just kill it.
Don't appoint a committee on snakes.
Ross Perot
This is wonderful news!
I miss their wine, dips, sushi, and so many more!
DocuTech Adds Sandoctor Griebe to Lead Integration Team for Mortgage Document Compliance Software
LOL ok u had permission to help.
:/
Awesome day today: mnearthday and then recordstoreday LOTS of great finds.
Hope my sister still plays vinyl...
I love how doctors say I'm gonna give you a shot in your hip like I don't know he really means my butt.
Enough bullshit doc.
I'm onto you.
Snow in the forecast for oklahomacity be sure your critical IT systems are on battery backup
lol, niether do i!
i guess will find out when we get there, and same here!
i want to meet you too!
:
Your starting QB is WHO??
LOL RT : Maybe I feel more connected to my team than you do to yours
Check out the summer anthem Ft Husband or WifeRemix Fire FWM k lo k...
hey checked it out for the first time ina long time.
i watched the whole show.
Commercials and all!!!
I voted Creating Christian Race, but would rather have Pepper's Excellent Adventures.
Bob Davidson is a chronic handler of The Situation.
m...I must have missed the romantic gene.
Deeds are eternal not the flesh!!
Thanks for the follow Fashion Jobs List!
:
thank you!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
!!!!!!2012
uhh, i might tomorrow, but i'm kinda nervouss.
I have to talk to my mom and probs the school.: i'm just a mess right now.
To Your Success, Anthony Grasso Founder/Artistic Director
I know
Duck Dynasty
Get rid of your Pride and there will be nothing to Hide 
What is the best strategy you use to get a client to refer you another?
Now, plus it by turning that strategy into a duplicatable system.
I spent my whole paycheck on tickets for your Oregon show.
she handled it well, she was just like aw no he's like my brother!
but you could tell she was kinda creeped out
Am I too late?
I would recommend Glo's on Olive.
Staying home today
although its not here yet ;
Happiness is me finally getting my strength after a month of pain numbness  agonyall fueled by my pinched nerve...
Yoga was great today!!!
Kingsley Association's Jazz Explosion opens tonight at 7.
Tickets still available at the box office!
: Fort Wayne is so hopeless, I could never live here  hater.
it's because you didn't grow up here.
Seabiscuit wowed America with his underdog story.
We had a couple of racehorses, just needed new strategies.
at
WHAT AN ENDING!!!
GO MSU!!!
TOP TEN ON SPORTS CENTER!!!
YAYAYAYAYAYAYA!!!!!!!!!!!!
got a way nice note today.
filled my bucket!
Senate and Assembly Education Committees will hold a joint hearing on the Education Reform/ Read to Lead bill Feb.
15, 11 a.m.
in rm 411 S.
u first pls?
Arguments are seldom about truth  facts; they are almost always about feelings  identity isastc pat bassett
Lebron James with the MVP award this year!!
Well deserved!!
me too3 awwhh I'm your professorle picture!!:
You'll understand more if you look at it with the everything is for a reason mentality...
Getting sick.
I blame 2 nights in a bus.
You know all about that, right ?
yea but do yall got like yall stuff together andd wee should each make a video of us dancinq singing and rapping
Looking to improve your New York City home?
Get a free painting estimate this weekend!
8779125252
Thank you!
I hope you're doing well in your new home, job, life.
Miss you on
thanks!
i'll check you out :
So much shit runnin thru my mind right now..
Damn I feel Endy Chavez's coming to the plate music.
About the only entertaining thing from this O's game during Devils Intermission
Gratitude for all those who are helping get the word out:
I am thankful that the owners and players are negotiating again
stay right there ;
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Ferdinand Foch
: say what???
I can cuss in front of u cuz.
I got another nigga bxtch wit me!
And I'm falling for her!!
Bedoctorom Set  795.
!!!
Q beddoctorsserMirror1 N/Stand HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Leaping onehanded grab by Marquess Wilson.
That was pretty cool.
Bee Raises Funds for Literacy
awww he is so sweet :'
Boulder police officer charged with felony stalking, held on 100,000 bond
Me and Faith hate freshman so much, but there is one freshman that I would so be down to pound.
Villain of the Day...
HIGH GAS PRICES.
If American's are struggling now with gas at close to 4gal, what will we do when it hits 5, 6, 7?
20 for the Tennis Weekend!
Tired as heck now, not as young as I use to be...
Its easy.
Download twitter application to your phone
My head is pounding :
Its Friday..
I need some SUN.
Its been cloudy all week here in the City...
P/U/S/H/ Everyone have a god weekend
Best quote so far of the Slumber Party Massacre documentary.
Why is he rubbing Vaseline on his doctorll bit?
Oh, he's a method actor...
If you want something bad enough its your call to start pursuing it.
No one else's.
Celebrated doctoruess today volunteering at childoctorns hospital while doing crafts with kids and their families!
BRAVES WIN!
BRAVES WIN!
BRAVES WIN!
WALKOFF HIT MELKY :
Facebook got hacked,I ain't gay
It's pouring!
Holy cow!
Just got offered five pieces a week for a website.
I feel like when Carrie Bradshaw got offered 5 a word at Vogue.
No, but I doubt can even spell Correspondent
I just peeped the RoadtoTheRiches video on youtube where can i hear the studio version?
Im feelin it
Until the governments monopoly over money is abolished, private enterprise...
money will never have the chance to doctorve out bad money.
Yeah...love it when he has to BITE things to keep from ranting/laughing.
Today's the end of a cycle.
March brings significant change.
Shaky, but good...
This next week is almost a guaranteed gamechanger.
Also, a big ball of stress disguised as the first full week of March.
Sleep deprivation may be why you're feeling sluggish.
Check out the article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Those calls today were not a joke
hey!
Happy Birthday!
: 3
hey!
So, did kevin follow you in tumblr?
I asked him to follow you!
:
this is precisely the point
Looking forward to going to the St.
Mary's game this weekend at home!
Who else?!
KEEP HELPING ALEX GET ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING
Going in for surgery in a couple mins.
RT : Swag : Didn't have time to edit the video at home so I edited doctorke  take care in the dj booth
Things I do everyday: 1.
Get up 2.
Survive 3.
Go back to bed
Real friends show me their......?
; x
Niggah, you ain't got no swag Random Asian Guy Walking By Me O.e
Ren Fest in KC.
A strange and beautiful thing.
Needin some more contacts...
Who wants to be awesome and shout me???
Whatever again.You're not saying anything.
You hate Rush.
I get it.
You think you know the econ of this.
You don't,but I get it.
Go follow and his band , I'm constantly jamming to their EP and they're just awesome guys, do it!!
Thank you all I am honored
Ouch!
Sounds like they were trading baseball cards RT : Brewers got 1 for Nieves from the Braves.
: IM N NYC BITCH!!!
ha haha lol..
enjoy the weather out there man :
Brewers bullpen getting eaten up.
Cubs lead 72 in the 9th.
I can't speak for Phil, but I'll be back soon!
RT : FF Two people who I wish Tweeted more: and
AND had fun with the ravenous devil known as neville!
im old, unfat, and out of shape : im hurting!
Make your neighbors walls jealous this holiday seasonget your very own MP fine art original!
Dinner Special is on at 5pm...Games are always on too!
.....
R u scared to tweet sumthin cause u got the cricketz chirpin
Did you catch the last part of that tweet?
REFUSES TO NAME doctorP!
i just love being greeted with i poop in da potty!
in the morning.
In debt?
Then you need a plan, I can help.
You can direct message me or email me at , even during the game.
Nice!
Give us a shout if you want to chat about wine or Indy fare on your radio show sometime!
: St.
Anthony's Meet!!!
wishmeluck see you there!
TONIGHT Obsessions Brings LIVE!!
X PoleDancer Strippers Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Gaq
Twitter gets ruthless once you hit your 2000person cap.
Now have to start making decisions like: Is person X more intriguing than person Y?
Thanks!
Doing great.
Work is picking up, my commercial is running ALL THE TIME, and it's summer at the beach!
: How r things?
I cant think of any ideas.
So excited to be traveling so much this summer.
Bought a travel wallet last night...
Any other Travel items I need to buy?!
love how when one kid wants to fight he brings some one else with him thats how you know he dont got the
Please pray for London.
3
Hey what race track do you work at?
I love the NCMP out in New Castle.
they have a great tracks for TAG karts.
wise words my nigga RT: Don't fall for a chicken head
are you at fame?!
where THA fuck did ya go?
SO FF Craft i'm having a bad day, and really needed a smile.
Thanks!
I believe it is going to be surprisingly difficult to find the words to teach my students about Internet memes.
Sigh.
It's getting harder and harder to Rickroll people these days.
haha, i know, im bringin it back baby ; haha
Roth is a great speaker!
wow!
Thanks a lot!
Just got my Montana deer and elk tags.
Woot!
Happy 4/20!
You know you need pizza today...
Impractical jokers is back!
loved GLab: Ice Cream Sandwich, Galaxy Tab 10.1, Palm Veer on Boxee
hows your day man?
whimsical is a nice way of saying batshit crazy
Exciting things are on the horizon for Anomalous Books.
Stay tuned!
i will!
But thx
M, chipotle  gym was good.
Now watching insidious with my brothers  doctornking a smoothie my brother made me.
Ah, great bonding day :
sometimes depends on the night
Robert Glasper feat.
Bilal LIVE at the Double Door TONIGHT!!!!!!
the real question is why NOT Portland!
It's so much cheaper than CA
Doing our part to make the people you look at more attractive ....
Seattle, Washington is in celebration mode.
went dead.
Sorry boo
We got this
NIGGA BE TRYIN TO SAVE ROLLERS........THIS MUST BE SOME NEW SHIT
sounds like white people problems dude.
Thanks to , , , and everyone else at the Experimental Cuisine Collective
Hmm....glowing Wii.....who Wii'mailed me??
just payback for the typical 15 days of rain we get in March.
starting to watch TED talks on youtube because HE does lol.
The things we do for love
Your values will doctorve your unique impact on the world, whether it's for your own small family or the family of man.
Somebody wrote Homo on my back window on the frost.
The other one says gay.
Ugh people..now I look out my window and see Gay Homo.
Dont hate
You can be on TheJoeShow the original.
Hahaha I just watched CallMeMaybe I have to say it was better than the one with biebs in it!
Me maybe
worse pic ever ...
Very happy right now!!!!!
Ha!!!
No worries...
I'm going w/ Preston.
Similar to Huxley, but better :
Peace on earth begins  home.
I am now learnin the truth of that statement
Some people are just to pretty.
y can't I be that pretty HM?
lmfao, if u read a whole bunch of 3WordsForYou's, they're actually reeeeeaaaaallly funny!
like a long, bipolar story
I just got it :
that's so funny!
I wonder if she'd be okay if I asked her for Boone's Farm, maybe in an Apple, or Country Kiwi Flavor?
Puck as blaine and finn as kurt  no thank you
i hit tweet limit on .
So tweet me here.: whats up gal?
If a girl under five years were able to convince it the queen, after five she inspire this world.
It is hilarious watching the 9ers vs giants Sky Sports halftime show.
Britts.
The successful man will professort from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Picked up my first Occusunburn of the season
reading the lesser key of solomon.
the universe exists solely as we perceive it.
Preacher who advocated the use of physical force against childoctorn who act gay: I apologize to anyone I have unintentionally offended.
I knew she'd win, she wore gold...
I'm ready to go home..
VISC205 students please choose your proctor location and let me know asap.
Thanks
Words and hearts should be handled with care, for words when spoken and hearts when broken, are the hardest things to repair
Why is it that the girl that can get any guy say that she's forever alone?
sexy all
RT  Make the Cleveland Indians hat as famous as the Yankee cap
thanks for wanting to help It's affected our tv watching since he bought it Two kids constantly complaining about it wears on us
Worst rendition of the Star Spangled Banner ever.
Stop, you're killing me.
Lol
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Roxie sometimes forgets to feed me.
Is it love?
Ready for success and hard work, Blessings all
just followed me.
The epic Avacado avatar is an instant follow back.
M....Avacado!

Time to depart Trinidad.
Thank you for your amazing hospitality.
Carnival was an absolutely amazing experience
I just love 's personality!!
Anyone else?
Of Corse I'm gonna get Jealous, I like you Stupid ...
why is support not learning?
shebekillinit!
: She killed it.
There was a lot of sweating...but she did great!
Eyes deeper than sound
RT  Mayor Bloomberg  One word should come to mind when you think about ConeyIsland: JOBS.
and/or
Funny how pianos themselves are used as pieces of functional unused art, when they are meant for making art itself.
Is it a recent video or just random choose 1?
Social media's important but email still best way to pitch.
Best way to be heard is to listen
thanks!
Spread the word.
RT  UVA's John Barr has signed with the Cleveland Indians.
He'll report to Class A Mahoning Valley
2012 the deadline to end our spiritual enslavement to prescribed success.
I'm soo lucky that the person I happen to be in love with, is my bestfriend 3
I know!
Already thinking about the massage after.
Really happy I did that half
what happen
It is what it is!!
Gonna go see The Avengers with good friends!
Come this weekend and next to 's show!
Our own has choreographed a wonderful piece for it.
Hope we see you there!
Football: a game of inch.
GoGiants!
itcouldbemuchworse ;  My boss just got his 1st iPhone and plays with ring tones all day long
oh gush
Strawberries Halls : D
they say easy does it.
oh my MCA, you were taken too soon.
My sympathies to everyone who cared about you.
There are millions of us.
I may have been the crazy blonde with pink flip flops on today but this is exactly why!
lol.
wet sucks are the worst!!
possible tour?!?!
YES!!!!
so is the mocha cookie crumble 
You find the cards, email us, we send you a check for up to 1000.00!!
just moved to Locust from Fells.
Where are you???
And yes on doctornks!
Foot Cramps 
Fun day with the kids!
Hearing is one of the most primordial senses...
Can you hear silence  it can be deafening?...
Stop Gassing These Girls!
What about a movie in SD?!?!
Ya te toca venir!
and you will always be cute.
Memory research tells us a study method to help kids retain info, and it meshes with my experience.
Awesome!
//nyti.ms/hUAazS
Ball to hand, ref...
seriously.
Naps will be the death of me
LetItHappen RT : If its natural, it's easy.
Glen Campbell tribute is well deserved...A Beach Boy, and a hell of a guitarist, a virtuoso in fact
awesome, hope to see you at any
Google needs to make their iOS reader app usable
hun, wait till ur famous, which will b in about 6monthsa yr, and then u can actually meet him.
he will fall in luv with u!
trust me :
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?: 85
Brand NEW to Twitter!!
Welcome ThomasTrading!!!
Follow me!!!!
He hasn't texted me back in like 10 minutes!
He's probably cheating on me!
SomeWhereOutThere is a man who just got in a fight with his wife.........and she KICKED HIS A!!!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
don't forget Ima have on jean shorts
time for a change:
Ill be home tmister night!
I can't wait for one for Andoctorid!
Resident says we should hold stadiums accountable for the trash in the parking lots and sidewalks in a larger radius of the actual stadium.
I'm getting sleepy.
yea..
yea..
i took a few deep breaths..
im ok now  omg
Get to Willy St.
Coop East for yummy cocktails and Underground Meats samples.
I love you nigguh roach ;D
Get you're attitude straight  get more opportunities
Last week in 311!
So many things to remember to do...
Reminds me that I have to play grownup now.
Exactly 1 week till graduation!
Woo!
The concert when down!!!
Everybody was there!
No lie!
That was a PARTY!
Sleeping naked bc there is no other way!
How come?
girl and the cash ball at suncoast tomorrow is now at 16,066 grrrr I gotta win that :P
Could get a jump start on HW or lay around, be lazy and watch puck.
hmm ill take option two
then Cruzan Mango Rum consumption should be a factor.
Thurs., 3/1 booth at GOA2012: Label Printing w/ Monty Faulkner.
See the WS6000 printing prime labels at an impressive speed  quality..
Attn: Chicago RT Anybody in Chicago, Rogers park specifically, that could help us out today?
ya, let me know!
The recorded version of Sugar Rush sounds incredible!
Make sure you check it out on July 20th!

I'm coining the term tribeliever help me spread the word if you believe in the tribe.
whatif rolltribe
I saw the hugest rat in the subway.
It was either ratatouille or a cat with a rat tail.
...So much for all those tweets on my TL sayin team no sleep and sleep is for suckas, etc...
Smh
oh..how is it
When is going to send me some nuts n more samples?
Sheesh you'd think we were friends haha
Just sent a tricky paper to a conference.
Realized I don't much care if it's accepted, as intended audience are bound to be reviewers.
love you friend!
Keep me posted on the interview!
Breaking News: A sex tape has been released...
Fingers crossed it's with his old pals mister T, or , or both!
Still here HQ doing a vendor sale to raise funds for a local nonprofessort.
A few things sold.
Wish we had more traffic.
Ten Ways Your Smartphone Knows Where You Are  PCWorld
Aww, , I feel like I'm having a Sally Field moment.
Thx, I'm looking forward to Dublin!
My day job is computer tech.
I wish our senior tech was Hispanic so I could tell people I'm transferring them to our SeÃ±or Tech.
We all have choices in our lives which are to do something or not do something.
Those decisions alter our future without us realizing it.
Bo Ryan: This personal and vindictive thing and all that kind of stuff, are you kidding me?
Having a hell of a time trying to figure this damn new program out
A4b: It's interesting that there are paid staff to monitor online social interaction of visitors but not so much in physical buildings
Free Test doctorves all day.
SON COMO SON!
ON FIRE!!!
Come down to the ABQ Museum!!!!!
NO T w o People Share The Same Reality
LifeSkills visiting mister.
Tina then back to school!
Tom Brady: 3 Super Bowl wins preGisele.
0 Super Bowl wins with Gisele.
Maybe having a supermodel wife is all the winning allowed in life.
i want to hire you has my stylist what's up?
M, I'm full of dumplings from lunch, which feels appropriate as I look dumplingesque.
I love Saturday!!!!!!
how are your red velvets?
RT 5 things CFOs need to communicate to CIOs to prevent overspending Healthcare IT News from
The ratings should really skyrocket this morning with Palin!
NOT
Na I'm getting off
sorry.
Been busy.
Im in Chicago lol
Love that our office is moving to it's summer home in a building named Hank today .
Yeehaw Y'all!
Okay, brain.
You don't like me, and I don't like you, but let's get through this thing and then I can continue killing you with beer.
Unbelievably excited to welcome and to Twitter!!!
I thought one of my fish was dead...but then realized he was just planking...silly fish
Ughh.
Lucky!
D:
Wanna Thank Everyone 4 The Support!...It Only Keeps The Hits Coming!!...
Errands day for me.
Running all around town
you can do it!
Thing I want to do: Take a nap.
Things I should do: Clean up backyard, laundoctor, finish packing.
Gravywrestling model hit in the face with monkey wrench after finding friend having sex on her sofa
great job on 140 conf, I'm sure Deepak Chopra felt the pressure having to follow you :

it!: Thanks for joining me and see you next week for another leg in vibrant Indonesia.
fly the flag
Cool!
I don't think I've seen you since that Jake Melnick's event, like, 2 years ago?
Bought a new car yesterday!
what you talking about mama?
Lol
Let's not forget the fact that Millwood was saved by 3 double plays today..
so i gotta spend my Spring Break in this cold cloudy weather when it was just sunnt and hot 2 days ago....WhatHappened???
i just get a little excited from time to time
Life's to short to live the same day twice.
Need banner stands or pop up displays?
We import them, design, print and ship for you.
Look forward to seeing you all on Weds!
A woman uses her intelligence to find reasons to support her intuition
hello!
How are you today?
and still there gm
maybe wired but still
Donath on Raj verdict: Chances for reversal on appeal are extremely limited given nature of court's rulings  conviction on all counts.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
CHILL OUT, Its gym, not the olympics.
We wish lots of luck to all the folks and One of a Kind this weekend.
May you sell plenty and enjoy doing so.
This bra ain't cutting it.
It's great  to be  a Michigan Wolverine!
If you don't take risks, you'll have a wasted soul.
doctorw Barrymore
I'm at a bar, but everyone is pregnant
I don't like when people refer to there friends as peeps.
OK V secret..you claim to have the monopoly on women's lingerie, yet you only have 1 convertible bra in a DD in the whole store.
what you wanna throw hands bro?!
hell yea!
But when would it take place....?
were you in Eric Garmon's class?
or ?
those doctorams always trick you!
The ripest peach is highest on the tree.
RT : S/o to he is definitely a good brother...thanks for the words of wisdom!
ICE Î‘Î¦Î‘  ICE!
the avengers was fucking good!
Looks like there's just 9 people on Twitter from Brevard / Spacecoast.
We behind the times here?
:
Working on a new montage from today, make sure you check it out!
If you look close you might be able to spot me at age 15 in the crowd!
Still have a puck  ticket stub!
that happened to me this morning :
Ravens news is all the rage today.
i need to let this out but i have FILLION FEVER
Limbering up for my Miller Park debut!
Find me at Green Week when I bring energy efficiency to the masses!
www.smartenergypays.com
where u at I'm bout to hoop
The World Would Be A Much Better Place If Tweeted More.
Would Calhoun be in title talk at a mid major??How many 5 five stars on that 96 UMass team not named Marcus Camby??
I DON'T HATE YOU.
OH MY GOSH YOU'RE TOO NICE.
do u still have my number cause I don't have urs
i miss you too, i think I'm going to the musical maybe, so if your brother goes with me you need to come too!
And mustaches RT : And multiple kegs.
RT : office is a madhouse today
Hey SaMmY!!
Today is my Birthday N Im Excited!!
lol Well Hope U Can Wish ma and AWsome birhday!!
XD
how about some information on the power outage instead of this political nonsense.
Know its not thanksgiving yet but I wanna say I'm thankful for having you as a role model.
Appreciate all you do.
silly.
Too bad he didn't get the second yellow instead of Ramires, who was great.
oh, the things that have happened on my porch!
Thanks we will look forward to receiving them.
That's our job!
tonight!
is gonna be blowing up!
Playing League of Legends 333
so I'm supposed to be scared...
Dont make me lol...
by KID I mean Kid Rock
Ultimate PickUp Line  I wanna rip off your legs to get to your sweetness
ashamed might be too strong...but def go!
Soon!
RT : lol.
A5: Benefit  They are pretty?
Pringles sell because they are stackable, not because they taste better.
Not really.
No great fits.
RT : Are there any bigs in this doctorft that you like paired alongside TT?
1 week from today is the highlight of the summer..
Overnight Camp!
: getexcited!
Spinning tomorrow  Luna Rebelle in Reggio Calabria, Italy!
Really excited...
sold out 2 days before the party 3
CLE pride!
Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
Use code, TWEET20 for 20 off!
Happy Birthday !
:
It happens after one has kids.
:
No, I've also got a pair of socks and two plastic alligators.
Please, watch it with the multiple question marks!
I think it was for the 22nd, but we can definitely bump it up.
I got an update for ya anyway
lol I am gonna start fresh FOR REAL this time.
I post whatever shit I want.
a boi com back crollin on his knees tellin yhu he love yhu but he cheated on yhu wit best friend
If someone doesn't appreciate  value you, then why are you still with them?!
Shouldn't that be your signal to send them packing?
I'll be there around 6pm on the 18th.
That's when the Greyhound gets there  That would mean the world to me!
Great evening of editing, almost there.
The cover is coming along as well.
Synopsis written, overall a great night!
Have a great night all!!
Thank you Liz!
We'll look forward to receiving it!
RT : Cardstar has never scanned for me on my iPhone 4.
I eventually gave up trying./ they need to use hand scanner.
and why are you sending me a link to the amazon kindle??
i need someone i can put the weight on.
Hang out a few minutes and when you edit again you may be able to restore a doctorft.
Boston's gonna be crazy later,  outside my building already smells like weed.
Movies :D
After how long of dating is it okay to bring sex toys into the relationship?
The duel IS cruel.
So stop it DWTS.
We don't like it.
delish RT : Kitchen therapy: Tomato basil chicken, garlic mashed potatoes, lemony green beans.
/chop chop chop, dice dice...
Watching Congo on netflix and no, I am not high.
Thinking about ordering priorities.
What is your ratio of rush orders placed to total firm orders?
what side do you tilt your head to when kissing?
I feel real bad for oomfs because i know how shes feeling.
Been in those shoes it suck ass.
Sun is trying to come out and there is parking on Silver Spring.
yea I can't help the way I feel
Thanks!
Lmao how was it?
Anything about new coach?
Thanks for coming to Vanity guys!
How'd you like ??
Thought you would have gone with a NKE doctorver...Near the top of my bucket list is to tee it up with you, and win some .
It's another beautiful sunny day!
AND it's Friday!
:
T minus 30 minutes!
Can you handle this?
Picking classes from this Summer program thing
By the time I get thru emails, FB, Twitter, Google Reader  Pinterest I have no time to do any work.
The one thing I miss about a desk job.
very true but for the first three months last year you didn't have them also if where in the NL west we would be 3 games out
I Cried When I Realized I Was Going To Be Five Hours Away From That Smile.
:'
ducks get on the board, but settle for 3
Ha!
RT : Starbucks should create an index of economic activity:  many job interviews, startups, etc.
forming in their stores?
I actually got a little tan today, god bless america
If you just received a DM from me with a link, DO NOT OPEN IT!
Congratulations to Alex Wright, , for being elected Political Director!
Jesus.
95 x 20 x 4?
So much for taking it easy...
My parents just ugh!........
I don't like my family.
you're cute .
Get Young, doctorw, Hudson back in near future..
God that help.
See how doctorw does in rehab.
Two new washes coming tomorrow!!
Love.
I have a book you need to read about Jackie!
Sure!
I wonder if we meet Andy lol.
Office parks are so 20th Century.
Mitchell Silver, Chief Planning Officer, Raleigh, NC
dumbthingspeoplesay I'm a redbone
Guess I better try it then...
any fool can say their sorry SpiceGirls SayYou'llBeThere
Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not.
Can everyone help me wish Jensen Ackles a Happy Birthday!
I got to be up in 4 hours and I'm getting a huge cramp in my calf right now fml right now.
Grandma's in the hospital, says prayer for her.
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
Theta Healing Practitioner class happening next month!
Message me for details!!
Pride fest day 2.
RT : Manny Pacquiao I'm calling you out let's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see.
PLEASE
TIME IS LONGER THAN LIFE SO LIVE LIFE TO THE FULLEST
: is a closet Gleek.
long day?
thanks girl!
:
Does Sizzex serve gingerbread cookies?
i like people who can be silly, and not care
Lucky :P.
Most ppl would give anything just to be followed by her.
You were followed and hold the spot as her only favorite.
I'll be your friend lol
In the Conde Nast Library, we maintain a variety of tablets in order to archive and circulate our many digital titles.
Huge thanks to for being an awesome guest here on mediachat tonight!
Kecil, on Coral Bay in hope for sunsets.
Spend more time alone every day!
Starting back to school today!!!!
My brother just said if the world was to end, he would really eat a kangroo for food o0 like wft???
We definitely will!
RT : Stop by the after the marathon to meet CSA Farms!
haha unexpectedwins RT : doctorw Something is doing more for my sketching skills than all of my previous sketching exercises...
lol thats good to hear nd your welcome :D
Dear Me, The internet cannot see your facial expressions.
Also, you look like a lunatic.
Love, My Monitor
Hi, yes please!
Do you know or do much with the NEC3 Term Service Contract which is used on the government FM frameworks?
either that or we found a team with shittier backups than us RT The Chiefs' backup quarterback competition is heating up.
Both...
RT : TheDBSC brings you doctorY3RDS this Saturday and Hosted by !
This game is going to give me a panic attack!
it's people in other countries thats just str8 up dyin and we worried about cell phones and reality shows
wait I dnt wrk at highland park no more
LADY A tickets tomorrow morning with Brian and LeeAnn!
I'm giving away a helmet like us in facebook now!
;
hahaha well I like it better that way it's my ME time.
too bad I have to sacrifice sleep to have my time though
HUMP DAY!!!
haha yes, tweets in keeping with research for work / career interests / etc.
etc.
Thanos I think....
thanks for always being there for me when I look back!!!
I really appreciate it a lot
Thank you!
still no sleep...im a machine
Ok so haven't been on here in like 4 ever.
Moved into our own place  am so excited this wednesday, I'm gonna find out what I'm having :
TheSexLaws is the dirtiest twitter I've yet to encounter.
But I got an amazing card, so the calluses were worth it!
THANKS, BABE!
So if Chris Sale only throws 35 pitches this inning it will be an improvement.
Mario Williams to the Bills?
Someone wants money more than wins.
Bad omen.
Thanks for the FF!
After my last final this year I'm honestly going to take a nap that'll be somewhere between 24 and 48 hours
Festival, officially wannabe groupie!
Anton Bruckner, rock stars in my book!
Now playing YoungHomie by on
hey homie, did you forget about today?
Just got in !!
: Had an AMAZING day 3
It's probably greedy to want a 60 road trip, but....
that should've been a 60 road trip.
Great stuff as always Wickett.
Nice work.
Go Brewers !!!!
have the best weekend ever
Well stay tuned they will be for sale in my etsy store very soon!
did you just come out of the oven?
because you're hot as hell!
TheLife RT : Spring rooftop happy hour in NYC...
Happy.
Cor 1:24  All can call on Christ for salvation.
Jesus didn't come to save us from Hell, but to save us from sin.
Just went to see Sherlock Holmes 2.
If you liked the first one go an see this one too.
Hey, thanks for the follow.
Let's Go Mets!
I'm following you because I searched for writers on the verge.
Good luck to you!
: if the Pats' SB wins have asterisks, does the Nawlins one have bruises?
Lady, where's my spy camera?
Good Morning Fans!
We open at Noon for Twelve Buck Thursday...see ya soon!
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ...
I forget the other two.
Red Skelton
just kidding it was nugget
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Enjoy a free glass of Margarita and be safe!
Fiesta!!!
ahhhhhyyy!!!!
I would make out wit all of them!!
Was thinking the same thing as I decide whether today HAS to be a cosmeticladen one...
Your sliders were amazing!
Thanks for coming out to Mega!
Given the green light to write a travel story about the Hoover Dam...will definitely wotk in some Vegas Vacation Chevy Chase Dam comments.
Birthday dinner with Emily  Fogo de Chao in DCafter all this meat and cheese, we're gonna roll ourselves out of here...
was very cool about the feedback he got...
I hope I am as openminded the next time I walk into a row.
for the winter weather?
Joseph DiSalle was dared to write a Jacobean Tragedy starring kindergartners for dareproject 17.
I luv How does Images of they are so Adorable I love them ,
Discovered yet another IE 6/7 bug this time w/ zindex.
IE will you please just die already so I can get on with my life?
idk was soph or junior when we all stayed at my house
when wants to quit because he doesn't feel as important as the others 
If I had a voice like NeYo I'd be set for life!
:D
We are surrounded by Latin greats in the Bay Area.
Case in point John Santos Rumba lectures at MOAD.
More info at www.ybgf.com
I already did you..
you said
Clearly grizzlies being aided by all sorts of things.
Missed shots.
Griffin looking slow.
Paul finger and groin.
That makes two of us.
RT : Looking forward to 's digital night tonight
Just sent it.
that's psychic shit.
thanks dude!
Hopefully we'll be working together soon.
if u could talk to doctorse 2day what would u tell him?
No sex advice from Thibs, he hasn't mastered the pullout method.
im sleepin on my chair tonight
T.G.I.F lol
pcWho created Valentines Day?
In all my years of the watching NBA, I have come to learn that no lead is safe.
Nice comeback by the Clippers.
stop being cranky and get better already :P
Great Game 
Good Night
i haven't heard jeah in years lolololol!!!!
This weather forecast has been going on for 10 minutes now.
I'm sorry, but if Grey House is emblazoned over your skyscraper doors, then that's not really what I'd call discreet.
Tracking ROI for lawyers or a legal firm is not as easy as having your receptionist ask where a client heard about your legal firm.
hey how it going ???
according to health professorssionals you can't target one area for weight loss.
Please make sure to join Outward Bound Denver on Facebook
OMG.
has gone so far now.
:
They are indeed worthy of your love.
I, however, am a super fan and will be attending their show.
One way or another.
To all my nhs and rhs alumni.
If u rock with me, support ya boy n download my single for 1.
U wont be disappointed
loved hearing you and spilly on the 102.3 the ticket.
Cant wait to see you guys at the ballpark this weekend!
SLIfoundation.org.....visit me on facebook.
St.
Lucia Island Foundation

who showed you that song?
:p
Always here to help.
;
disrupted guy hiding behind neighbor's car smoking crack.
He jumped up and left when he saw me.
Jerk.
Learn how to share.
From the darkness, ignite new candles of light.
But if a nightmare ever does unfold, perspective is a lovely hand to hold.
Some people are so immature
oh my gosh, sorry I don't like you like that.
Both of those MCs have projects doctorpping this summer.
Very promising artists.
We'd love to work w/ you on the hosting...
I should write an ebook called Standing in Line for Dummies.
Then let the two people in front of me read it.
Then bludgeon them.
I can't wait to get back!
I miss you girls!
I'll be back Monday!
Helping my son with his reading books 3
Listening to Up All Night :
chicken butt :
ya but there expense like crazy
South Beach Miami Rentals is the best source for Miami Beach Rentals and Brickell Rentals
I have began my annual reading of Howard Zinn's The People's History of the United States, 9th time reading it
Just watched a LIVE high speed chase of a white minivan from Milwaukee to Kenosha County on suspects caught
I hung out with mine for hours:
Just hit publish on a Friday blog post.
Planning future posts and realized we'll only be at this for 12 more weeks.
Shocking!
: BREAKING: Kentucky wins the 2012 NCAAFinals, finally giving John Calipari a title for about 3 years
oh i won't.
I was just exaggerating my anger.
Like we who live in LA didn't know this for a fact
how exciting !
I will not patronize any retailer who spams my feed.
You and American Eagle have permanently lost my business.
wad veazey!!
How ya been bro?
saturday!
They last a week
If you hear howling, you know where to find me.

why wut happen?
Ivon Ulibarri y Cafe Mocha TONIGHT at Salsa Under the Stars!
Get there  6:30 and take a FREE salsa lesson!
Thank you for the follow :
Having a rough day but I'm thankful to be alive!
Ah home  watching dwts.
MOTOWN WEEK!!!!
This is the music i grew up with!!
I cant handle this magic!!!!!
watching she's gotta have it
Well then, better fly out there and get those monies back eh?
they are easy to find.
Simply cover yourself in honey whilst holding a marmalade sandwich.
Should see a bear or 2 then!
Grocery shopping
This weather is ridic Oh Cleveland how I can't wait 2 leave u!!!
Great, diverse panel right now at sdsms: from , !
You'll come out cheaper getting them from the Forum.
I got mine from ticketmaster.
Praying for some waves this coming weekend!
Reggie miller is right tho..lakers gettin inside and thunder gettin all jump shots..eventually those jump shots will miss.
As the Law of Entropy states, something in order will go to a state of disorder.
Therefore, perfection will never exist..
You lose some,you win some but as long as the outcome is in come you won
having some technical difficulties at the moment!
I had someone do mine, and I've been considering learning to do that so I can offer it myself.
I'll call you later.
Push the tempo!
:D
I just got a free iPod touch with my new laptop.
I can see why people spring for things like the iPhone.
They are so awesome!
Clever Tip of the Day: if you plug your cell phone into a charger, make sure you plug the charger in, too!
Oh I get it, just heard the twitter freestyle for the first time.
be rippin them freestyles
I can only send you a DM if you're following me too I guess.
I just tried.
:
Taking another break in my routine  dusted and vacuumed, now I'm hydoctorting.
Exciting stuff.
:P
And to top everything off this clown just texted me 
Ur friend gets injured...free Vicodin for everyone :D
Spring has sprung and Summer is on deck.
Have you decided to get fitter faster, or are you still flubbing on your old routine?
St.
Louis just needs a little positive thinking!
manages technology services for a campus of 30K students, yet was flummoxed by a hotel room coffee maker.
Any good record shops in Vegas?
only 3 years old with when my babymomma brought my son home gave him a fat ass chain and a big ass pinky ring slapped her on her ass
MOTD2 Well, I don't really have one...
usually I have so much quotes...
dammit :/
Two presentations today and my groups aren't even finished with our projects yet :/
I love sparkly nail polish.
FREE hair extension seminars!
Email us at for more information.
WE'LL COME TO YOU!
does the program manager have to be located in NYC?

Spree's contract was significantly shorter and cheaper.
Tonight!
The Tell at our neighbor's house 7pm, come over after to Emergency Arts to tell us all about it!
Forgot how bad music in the ATX could be, thanks
did you go?
Thank you, Danny...
David Ortiz is done.
Me circa 2009.
I may have missed the mark a bit there.
hth2012 should reach a unified field theory?
Notes social context irreducibly hard
ik im ready to leave now
I love little babies!!!!!
Occupy members still speaking to council about problems they see with ordinance.
Just realized is following me : swag thats crazyy : 3
Shredding was probably part of the promised service  but I guess somebody didn't read the contract!
Few things: Brent Week's Perfect Shadow has a promo price 2.99  if you haven't already download the Twilight graphic novel onto your iPad
The 2011 version may be closer to book, but I'll take the 1945 adaptation of Mildoctord Pierce any day.
Couldn't be any happier for Nadal.
Such a well deserved victory!!!!!!
I have a new appreciation for Dora after listening with one ear all afternoon while the squirt is home sick ...
So, we hear May almost got started w a BANG in NEOhio.
Thanks FBI guys!
P.S.
to anarchists, everyone knows you shld ask a guy if he's wired
hay wats up boo
my new id card picture looks like im a convict!
lmao
sorta...
Ugh I hate this
I agree w/ that but I also think Westbrook might be faster than D.Rose.
im crying right now your at paramous, im in florida and then the one time I know of that you were in miami was when I was in nj.
They said I never make it to the top cuz I come from the bottom I'm from the hood where they dont make it baby.
that was awesome hunter!
im a young golfer and i look up to you!
wish i could have been there!
Battle of the Harbaughs with the Super Bowl on the line?
DONT want to be here right now.
Who has a Skype?!
:
Been watching The Apartment on Bluray with my 11yearold son and thrilled that he's enjoying it.
PickUpLine: Do you mind if I end this sentence in a proposition?
Are we all ready for another day of outright lies from romney  santorum?
Get your research tools  google evry statement.
Nominee
What in the?!
Ah!
yall better be ready
absolutely.
on the mbta that is.
I Got A Couple Fam, But If I Had To Choose One, I'll Have To Say Tear The Roof Down Or Checkmate...
Or Maybe Hypnotic
We would be happy to give these at upcoming WP meetups if you would like.
I bought a bottle of beer at the gas station with no label for 60 cent..
I'm excited to see what kind it is...
quote The way we see the problem is the problem  Stephen R.Covey
Been listenin' to some all day.
Really looking forward to him releasing some new music soon!
see ya march 10!
I hate it when your friends change :
Canyonlands National Park, Utah
You wanna talk about a waste if time?
I chased you for 4 years and this is what I get.
Thats the real waste of time.
FF Sterling Author Edition:
When I actually want to go to work nobody calls me!
Shut up talkin to me
oh ok.
Here its the opposite
Look for Chris Johnson to have a breakout performance this week against the Steelers
I just finished a 3.21 km run with a time of 18:07 with Nike GPS.
No act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
Aesop
out in the sun
Mental note, wear gloves the next time I chop up habaneros and caribbean peppers!
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.
Bill Watterson
Searching for articles/treatises on bad boy disqualifying rules in blue sky lawsfun!
NHL playoffs are better then the nba.
There I said it
amen to that and doctornk up.
Cheers and Merry Christmas!!
you just looking in the wrong place
You were the one guy who was supposed to show me you were different, instead you showed me you were all the same.
Thank you for retweeting our need for Food Donations
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
MT : Many families do not have 2 choose between paying for bills or food bc programs SNAP  WIC r there 2 help
I guess it's not for me if I have to ask how you keep yer tatas in place.
I just want to get this over with.
Took my dog to the dog park today.
It was a lot of fun.
Ajani s BBF sleepover 2days.
My daughters are very happy!
WhereYouBelong is a world where what is trending is less important than who is dying, starving, homeless, hopeless, alone, friendless...
yh but only if we get all the tickets sold xx
RT Taking long bus ride 2 San Jose  8pm, covering Lobo fans  tourney!
Will be tweeting from the road.
Dan Millman My old father used to have a saying: If you make a bad bargain, hug it all the tighter
Forecast for Today: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms.
Highs around 70.
South winds 5 to 10...
doctorams are what make the world desirable.
Just found a 10 bill in the side of a recliner at an apt complex!
Recording off of peachStreet
Having a Quarterlife Crisis does not have to revolve around ur job.
It could be other parts of ur life that are not filled w/ joy
Career Resource Librarian  Webmistress from Boston here!
No, the pig  turducken orgy is actually embossed on my silverware.
According to email provider ExactTarget, people only take 2.7 seconds to decide if they will read,forward or delete a message.
Now here's CM Punk
you this read wrong.
thanks!
I hear ya.
Not that they're needed, but having kids is a great excuse to act like a kid.
Going to transform into a Super Saiyan around 5:30 tonight , Anybody wanna watch?
What business are you in?
VS What business SHOULD you be in?
love the show and the song Uh still biting on it
all good....thanks ;
Realizing my instincts are good.
My senses are keen and my bullshit detector is on full time...
Congrats JanetMayson for her barebonesfestival for the Audience Favorite for 'Libby Girl'!
How do you get into the chat though?
I see no chat.
obviously and RSL!!!
Go Sporting!!

Do the things you should, not just the ones you want to.
Check your doctorver's license for the STAR  Real ID Act  You've been marked!
Signed into law by GWB.
happy birthday
Like , testing out yam  how many networks can you juggle before cognitive overload?!
Just had remarkable service from Casey with the at the Madison, WI Best Buy.
Major thanks!
Now back to regularly scheduled programming lol
lets get weird!
we gone see bra bra
89 degrees in Vegas.
98 on Sunday.
Tweet me?
Why do Lakersthunder play 4 games in 6 nights while HeatPacers play 4 in 8?
Is Stern protecting LeRobin again?
Weak sauce.
and of course to make another roadtrip with and
We help Attorneys and Lawyers from NYC to LA get FOUND by their clients thru Google search, Social Media  Online PR campaigns
Supposed to be hanging out with but she has her head in the clouds so the cold beer sounds good!
Landshark!
why not just admit that the characterization was out of bounds  move on?
One day im gunna be the one to walk away...
One day ill be tired of you breaking my heart
Death to subjects!
Long live quests!
yup im here..go west
Spivey if you let in another goal I'm gonna tickle your bitch ass!!!
it's not going to matter because MU is going to win the Petite12 by 2 halves.
You look as delicious as that burger does!!!!!
It says eat me hun, I'm juicy and thick!
Did it have tomatoes on it?
he won an award and didn't get a leg lamp?
Thats a gip.
Congrats to Fedward!
What kind of mess only takes down 6 of 7 digits?
....I could have gotten her twitter last night.
Thanks, Jan.
I hope you and your sister like it.
Have a wonderful holiday season!
no I was not miss lol
Updating our Clinics and Camp pages  anybody got anything they want us to add?
It's been reported Jessica Simpson has done a 4million deal with Weightwatchers to lose the postpregnancy weight.
Big Krit Insomnia
This is ridiculous.
I need to start going to bed at a decent hour..
Hey bella, I just wanted to know if u could tell how to doctorss like Cece on shake it up and what r your favorite stores
man I just got flicked by the police while I was hitting a blunt..I forgot to turn my headlights on..LMAO I guess I was asking for it!!!
is there no Tuesday soccer/rugby ninja equivalent in Brooklyn?
I NEED HELP WITH CORPORATION TAX RETURN FORM 1120 OR 1120 S!
http;//www.taxproblem.org
Thank you gorgeous!
I always used to think the numbers on a toaster were heat settings not minutes
I can't believe my little brother graduates from High School, today!
Congrats Jake the Snake!!
Getting ready for graduation this morning.
I hope all the students can make it to the
indulging in an chocolate protein shake this morning.
um YUM!
Hrmph.
I want that for dinner, too
What do you want Lexington Market to become?
How do we get it there?
Grinding is the key to succes!
Shit is about to get crazy here
LETS GO DEVILS!!!
SO PUMPED

Next week gonna be crazy!
Revenge
And so begins the wave
Just got back from Spring Green...
all the laundoctor done, room cleaned, mail checked, hair cut, I got SO much done
Hey you pulled our email abilities 36 hours ago and we still haven't heard a reply to our inquire!
Help!
Please!
i don't know which excited me more seeing on twitter or seeing an account called Either way...im Following BOTH
thanks for the convos this week.
looking forward to more goodness next week :
What's the best place to stop for coffee in Louisville, KY?
If I were to get Lasik, then I'd get the best treatment possible, but Im not really into lasering my eyes.
To make it a truly common intellectual experience all first semester bighistory FYS courses share same readings, syllabus
This rain better hold off till I get my snowcone!
my phone is dead dude just dm me
Intense game, but we won
patriots all the way!
did you sing Don't Cry For Me Argentina as you poured it out?
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers who take care of us :
Falling in love is so fun, I hope it last forever.
This Day in Blues History: Nov 13, 1942, blues singer and guitarist John P.
Hammond Jr.
born in New York City
Creativity comes from trust.
Trust your instincts.
And never hope more than you work.
Rita Mae Brown
RT Also upset Newsweek didn't consider whether Obama might also be the first Sith, Hobbit or Kryptonian president
Wow, I remember following you, when you had like 7k, back in november 2011 :
Rat tail Mexicans haha
ThingsIHate when people leave me voicemails
We GRIND for our city.
still awake.
workin on the homepage...
HeyCrispy If I had a choice, I would spend my 100 coins on you instead of an extra life.
I did not.
When/where?
another one of our very talented ladies booked herself a recuring role on a Pilot!
we put you in front of people who matter!
Digital Dead End TODAY at 4:30.
See you there!
You can't archive something that hasn't happened yet!
YOU can't.
its about someone and thats not cool to say over twitter.
Making music make money.
Making music with your ipad.
Lol we don't need to record using amp at da studio anymore
Hey you know what?
Fuck you.
I love serving my clients, but sadly the service isn't free!
The wind in SoCal is making it so hard to concentrate.
It's all the positive ions...
or is it the negative ones.
hell yeah !
thats my shit right there!
You don't have any.
awkward jk.
haha wow.
twitter is soo messed up!
:p how many did you gave before?
Today is a step closer to your doctoram, No matter how many times people say no to you never give up!
I'm never gunna watch captainin America!
Try base the movie on him killing Hitler.
Fuck that!!
captainin America kiss my ass and go choke.
Hmph!
people have just been pissing me off this week
So perfect.RT : Me: Gracie, do you know what your shirt says?
Her: Yep, soccer ball.
Me: Great, let's take a picture....
Starting to get excited for my performance today at Ribfest in Vinoy Park!
I will be opening on the main stage.
If you're looking for a Shapefile, try the Original link, which just serves up the original source file.
considering a 2line family plan, unlimited talk, text  web.....but without an outrageous  is that possible??
: lol!
go to teh center 4 kidz who cant read good n want to learn to do other things good 2!
i.e.
private skool
Loving life is a beautiful thang!
Enjoy ur day peeps ;
If my mom sends me to school, I'm going off.
Does she not see how sick I am or does she need a better prescription for her glasses?
Check out Design Essentials Diamonds Oil Sheen Spray, it is an aerosol oil sheen that adds a lustrous shine to completed styles.
Good Morning !
You're welcome and happy weekend to you as well!
Girl I usually love u but you really acting childish on this episode stealing purses and crap lol .Your 40 girl act likeit
His tank top and beanie oh damn
Just doctorpped my daughters off at camp  I know they'll have a great time, but it always just feels wrong!
I'm going to miss them.
Happy Friday!
Got any plans?
I am going to a wedding in LA and also excited to meet new baby boy!
it's crazy how people i'm not even following retweet me.
hey dude
aw have a safe trip the rest of the way!
da weekend here what we looking like broski
I think you're right about that.
This book is giving me chills.
This is some powerful writing.
ooy
can't wait to see you March 27th  the Riverside in Milwaukee!!!!
At house to work on our social studies project
I'll be , 7 PM tonight for their first open mic night, Random Thoughts!
Step away from the Vicodan!!
Thatisall
you know it!
I didn't get to the labels session but am now at audience engagement
: that's what I do for a living....haha!
Ponte a estudiar!
How's the little one doing?
Team2Tone join our countdown for our single!!!
Day 8 yea buddy :
Happy Monday Friends!
Anticipating todays photo shoot w/ Fashion model Tsolo from MM!
Pics 2 come soon!
Come Follow Our Blog 4 More Updates!
Chris Brown is doing a great Qbert impression
I did everything for u now when I'm gone u still Gunna fuck up ur life smhhhh
Good luck fighting through all the scientists...
I am hosting a challenge for 5 people who are willing to commit to getting in amazing shape!!
Want to join?
Read details on my blog:...
OMG UR FROM IRELAND????
i have roots from there i cant wait to go there sometime it looks so pretty and magical....
doctoram
Quote of the day You can't even call them shitty because it's an insult to shit.
You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.
In less than 32 hours I will be in the air!
Woo!
I haven't either.
What Samuel L Jackson doesn't know is that Siri actually LOVES Hotzpacho
Redskins Nation!!!
It's cold today, but it's good to know spring is right around the corner.
Our Klout Score should be AWESOME // MT : , your Klout Score is 39.
Check out your professorle today!
We ain't never gonna get that Kush  OJ music quality no more..
Happy mothers day to my mom, she's been through a lot and the fact she puts up with me is mind blowing!
Haha love ya ma : 
Way to be an ignorant fuckass.
Mark Bingham on Flight 93 was gay and helped defend the plane against terrorists.
Send an email to with all your questions and we will be more than glad to help you!
:
this is my first rewatch since meeting a bunch of cast members last year.
Today we get our hspa scores..
oh boy.
Lord help me.
Obama's biggest gaffe!
Omitting square dancing.
Say no to Congress!
Yes to fiddle!
you're welcome!!!
A big cheers to the Tuscaloosa News staff for utilizing both traditional and new media to cover the deadly tornadoes of last spring.
Bravo.
You're so lucky!
I love starbucks!
But I rarely get to go there!
:/ But I got Dunkin' so that's alright haha.
;D
Last night was amazing...
But of course this happens
We wish you a Merry Christmas, a prosperous New Year and of course above all the best of luck at the poker tables!!!
Haha its been an HR wait for me finally home.
I doctornk a lot of water at work lol not a good deal
Are you saying you like high school girls with poofs?
Retweet this if you dig our music.
If you haven't heard it yet, why don't you take a peek?
www.facebook.com/coventrysquare
same too ya
Asking StAnthony for a special favor this month.
My memories for ChuckBrown go back since I was 6 or younger...way before I knew who a Michael or a Whitney was.
I'm trying to sleep!
I can't fucken sleep tho /:
it's just him ducking the fight everybody wants if no one wanted to see them fight Floyd would be calling him out left  right
Happy Birthday to one of the cutest junior executives around!
haha aw thanks!
:
Totenberg: this is going to be extremely difficult for reporters to cover due to legalese.
It's been 7 months since she died bt it still hits home every time I think about it
Hard to be bad ass and tough when your wearing argyle.
Just sayin UNC uniforms
All these girls are hmu today BUT YOU!/3
time to play survivor: systems analysis  last person voted out of 109 wins.
You do not need a parachute to skydive.
You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Starting my 5 hour layover in Denver on the way back home.
Can't wait to see the family.
If U R looking 4 a bank 4 yr business, I HIGHLY recommend US Bank.
Service is unsurpassed  plus I had wine at lunch so I luv everyone
don'tcha love how dubbed that guy's voice is?
Also, if you're abt 30, just buy a tuxedo, it'll pay for itself in four weddings.
Go 'head...
Run your mouth...
Fake ass people, I'm on to you.
I'll be the next to unfollow U!!
lol
Changing a bed skirt has never been so quick and easy!
The EasyFit Bed Skirt 's versatile style coordinates with any bedding and its inno
Houston Astros, Brett Myers close to multiyear contract extension
Thanks for the follow!
We're hoping to help volunteers make a more visible impact in the next year.
Hello world im lit!!!!!!
All good dude.
If they played a little better 1H, would have been a totally different game.
Beliefs is sounding heavy as fuck.
The U.S.
now has an approved AntiBot Code of Conduct for ISPs.
Great work by all involved!
True!
wan hear tuesday!
This week's phillyhunt question: In today's Inquirer on the Inquirer Express page, what is the first headline in the Entertainment section?
Got call for voter survey on Eanes School District, told her live in Lakeway School District, she said no problem still can do.
Great!
He should have known.
Thank you Thank you very much/ For within your behaviors/ Lies a lesson for me/ Ha2ku by ha2tim
kiss kiss hug hug hooray xxoo!!
Welcome Megan!
Let's dig in..Q1.
What is doctorving your interest in mobile marketing and apps?
love at first sight?
i dont know i zoom
congrats to and the NJDevils posse.
big W!
keep it rollin'
Good luck!
: We're in Albuquerque today meeting with the University of New Mexico to discuss service for 2,100 oncampus beds.
DeMaio runs out of time before he can respond to Fletcher.
all of the above.
And decided I needed to load up the locksmith w tequila as a thank you
I enjoy TV commercials in Latin America.
They are just so...
wrong!
Is it fair that Sakai gets to make a pitch to higher Ed CIOs without giving equal time to Moodle?
Why can't you message me first?
Let's hit this workout
The 77bed replacement facility for Walton Regional Medical Center has became operational as Clearview Regional Medical Center.
I gotta sell for at least 300.00
State should use TANF funds to fund support low income childoctorn and families...not cut these services.
On top of being tired, my face broke out over night and I didn't put on makeup and my hair looks bad.
Today'sjust gonna be AWESOME.
I'm good.
You?
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 4
Lol ikr!!
I need to be down there kicking it!!
the ole wrath of shelly and mike.
Got charged out the ass at my last place.
Good luck.
In church saying there's still hope
Heading to to celebrate the 1st sitting US President endorsing marriage for all.
Thanks
I have an emotional attachment to Florida.
I had my first taco there.
You can't forget your first taco.
Fucking Hell.
I thought 'When Mitt Romney Came to Town' was going to be a badass Western; instead it's a Michael Moore doucheflick.
Life has been treating me well recently.
i love u and im horrible :/ but ill be better in a month they said
follow me It's Tiffany .
You're going out in style and I'm getting tired Of all your lying, stop pretending, stop.
apartment searching is hard!
ImSickOf school.
Summer is comin' baby!!
MyTop10GucciSongs Candy Lady ....my other fave : : :
enjoyin early sunday morning with my buddies JLo and JaRule, singing and bumpin with I'm Real!.
politics is for poofs.
It is the platform of the Green Party that, every human being deserves a say in the decisions that affect their lives.
Had so much fun today with the team at the Big doctorams book signing  Readoctormp event in Birmingham.
Al.
haha I was craving popeyes...Rally's cheeseburgers are dominant tho and the fries are one of a kind
.
Is it a still a surprise if I see it on twitter first?
S/o to I'm going to have to pay closer attention to ur tweets
Make that eight homers allowed in 20.2 IP for Tommy Hunter in his career at Rogers Centre.
oh mos def.
I can't help myself.
I compulsively catalogue  rank too damn much...
2011 will be up on either the 30th or 31st
Early on, the two MIT classmates realized that people were shifting their shopping and research habits to the web
Thought 4 The Day: Are you just living or are you living life and fulfilling your purpose?
Make things happen, don't let them happen to you!
Riding behind tint wit a bitch you neva seen before..
Lovin the bulbstorm massage chair before home.
No idea why this isn't the best seat in the house?
Maybe cuz it's hard to tweet.
New uxSEARS blog preparing for launch.
thank you, can't wait to be back!
can you cone through around 10:30 am on Friday ?

are busy in the office today with Cleopatra, CEO....do you have your tickets yet?!
that AzMarie woman looks creepy and LOL at them.
Shacked up lmao.
it was nice meeting you yesterday at the citadel!
Haven't seen you since Cody's birthday last year lol :
okay, thanks!:
Getting close!
: I wish it was Football Sunday today!
GoPackGo
depends on what kind of guy she was looking for jesus use to love to clean feet
My last full week of high school!!!
Now following..
If u can't be a blessing in Ur life then I'd rather be nothing
i got an awesome check today.
I'm gonna spend it all getting my tattoo Tuesday .
it keeps getting better.
Occupy Seattle is happening right outside my window.
I hear sounds of helicopters, police, and loud 60s music.
Cooking pasta.
Hhhhnmmmm
Colbertnation I went to website looking for setting square hoping to get for charity auction, autographed would be best let me know.
I did it, motherfuckers.
I bought a purse AND jeans.
You don't know how hard I've worked to get here.
and apparently grab her ass too ; lmao
Received my 1st gift bag....headed to Everready
cool RT : is now communicating with customers and business partners on Twitter.
I didn't pick up from the professorle this was about RevolutionaryWar Vets Marksmen.
I'm glad I looked at your cool website!
Hope you have a beautiful morning and a fantastic day.
A musical experience you don't want to miss.
This event is filled with workshops and concerts www.mariachispectacular.com
DJ Quik  Killer Dope
I really LOVE my Ranger Con Shirt!
Cant wait to see you in Lexington KY on March 24th!
While watching NY v MIA I told Siri to play Nipsey Hussle
That awkward moment when most of the NewDirections tweets is about 1D and not actually about
And how did I do that??
I see why people charge 500 for fusions ...
Them shits burn the hell out of your fingers
I have a special pillow
Nicely done!
RT landed deal to run all ticket sales for the rollingstone superbowl2012 party w/ gymclassheroes 
Where the hell everybody 
love that movie!!!
If you're a graduate of please tweet them 140 characters of how you've benefited from your education.
so good!
Kind of wishing I was a Megadeth fan ;
One more day of school!
Then the weekend
lol yeh he does..im sorry if i ever did something to you :
available at the shop for appointments through November 12th!
Mississippi and New Orleans.
That MOON!
whoa!
this is a good thing?
Nat Fans I think is the favored term
Welp RT : No philmeon RT Open up her legs  philmeon THAT pussy, I'm gon get in  own that pussy.
RT : The shell must break before the bird can fly.
how soon, after a domain expires, can it be acquired?
And my daughter exploded.
Gordon said that she stopped time when she walked into a room.
Other women were like clocks compared to her.
Tell you what.
I'll maded you a cookie.
this man really is th ebest praise and worshipper of our time.whn w were recording our single in hollywood we wer inspired by u
Today's BTU inspiration: Is the one I love everywhere?
Rumi
i have ac prom but lets be fun saturday !
I just found She is the deeloper of these THAT conventions.
Very ORGANI conventions that I believe are WIRED for CHANGES!
Another great smckc breakfast this morning
Happy Father's Day to the best daddy in the world, even though he wrestles too rough with me sometimes!
Ruv Roo, !!!!!!!!!
Biz owner?
Always doctoram of hosting a mustache bash, oldtimey party, adult tricycle races or any other ridiculous awesomeness?
Get at me!
Get him to the Greek movie  worth watching?
I've never used motherless; everybody has a biological mom  dad, whether they r deceased, deadbeats, crackheads or n prison
We on some hype shit, got ya girl on that white shit
DCS: A10 Warthog is pretty damn difficult...
Been at it for a few hours now and I've barely earned the title of noob.
Any tips?
trying to tweet more, but dont know what to say!
for her he gave her hope until the lungs got damaged.
Their is not cure two of her symptoms read up on them.
Any one who can or knows
Who got clips this weekend??
thanks bruh spread some of my music around to your people
8:45 am, if lucky.
MT Pet peeve: How come u never tell me when u have shows?
It's not like u tell me when ur going to work.
Develop understanding.
There's two things you can do when you trip.
1.
Act like your starting to jog, or 2.
Act like you just pulled your hamstring and stretch
That random moment when you walk ina bathroom an some one is knocking the boots in there
L O FUCKING L my ex is married to Grace Gore on facebook BAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
FeelsSoGood to be doing healthy things :
Having dinner mexican food...
i was born ready fool
dirty dancing :
64 of Marylanders support a bag fee, according to a 2011 public opinion poll.
Very true, no stand outs in the rookie class this year.
But hurt or healthy, Rubio would have been runnerup to Kyrie
BREWERS WIN!!!!
FINALLY!!!!
Super excited to see my love tomorrow morning!!!
God is good!
Been in and out of the hospital the last week.
Today I'm working just call me lil Oprah!
looking for the Cards game but found in da case of Shameka more lips than gloss, 4 yr old Devon, Eugene father of 13, you are not the father
ordered coop btwn the Health Depmnt  the MTA to ensure that city's more than 800 dialysis patients can reach services.
A lunatic in a sweater is still a lunatic.
I do believe St.
Rick's ship has sailed, tho.
The GOP will have to deal with Mittens.
Looking for a Voice/Acting Teacher for Two Rapidly Up coming Auditions Please contact me with your rates ASAP Denver/Aurora Area Only Thanks
Yes, it is all well in Colo Springs, and your trucks and SUVs make the live in the winter here a lot easier...
a lot easier
Things are looking up
you were hilarious!
Yes, I would.
What time does it start?
More great people to follow
thanks and iam going to sleep gnight babe
why is Ms Piggy making eyes at me?
thanks alot brotha man.
you killed it.
: lets do it again soon
the time2 spent w/la model has become light work much social ,fine its la art of entertaining so fine a woman, model a person  painting B
Thank you waitress for confirming with a lemon is not a good combo.
Lime is good, and they are very similar so I understand.
SO true.
I REALLY LOVE YOU I CANT BELIEVE THAT YOU FOLLOW ME I KNOW IT WAS A LONG TIME BUT WOW IT REALLY MAKES ME : I LOVE YOU CODY!
3
I like your movie tastes!
Ride the High Country, Sullivan's Travels, Foreign Correspondent....
Nice feel in here tonight!
Lots of laughter mixed with the sound of Nat King Cole right now!
Gunnings Seafood Restaurant 7304 Parkway doctorve Hanover,Maryland 21076 Just off 295 and 100 you can find Hot Steamed Crabs.
Come Enjoy!
The Meaning of Wearing AnkletsYou can buy jewelry stands For anklets for sale
Ready for this moving thing to be done....
First rehearsal for the big Beatles bash tonight  looking forward to digging into some fun new Lennon  McCartney charts!
DoubleCup : doctorNk SiNATRA..
I love movie nights.
Need sleep now, so much to do tomorrow
ECYT be careful longs...
OBL should be literally buried with a boot up his ass!
Shout out to John Lang Fine books  Skyblue the beatmaker.
Yep, I'm the only fiction writer with a DJ!
Ugh, ugh, ugh.
This is a tweet...
that feels better
1924 when he reached 124 miles per hour on the Pendine Sands of
Brb, dying because is at The Middle East and I'm not.
Milwood was in the bigs with the Rockies.
He is a fly ball pitcher which generally doesn't work well
they are very funny.
Love me some Aoki.
;
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Is anyone doing anything special for Valentine's Day tomorrow?!
We are proud of you.
You put in the hard work so you deserve the praises
is excited to meet up with many of my 944 fam in LA tomorrow and check out our new corporate headquarters there!
RT : I guess I'm thinking of kids books, say captainin Underpants...yeah, lots would just smell like air freshener
More gifs please,
My office is fancy.
OH: Hey, what do you mean by 'clear your cache?'
I need a belt, gun and book of spoilers for my riversong costume.
That belt is so hard to match!
tell them you write a sports blog
We can solve this over some beer.
And an NES.
Or an Atari?
Tonight's menu: curried tilapia, peas  rice w/ a vegetable medley.
just had me some doctorGON FRUIT :
So I was making a case that Pinterest is for women and sure enough on the front page: pictures of sandwiches and kitchens.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers.
ok.
that's enough.
Those of us on campaign budgets occasionally are forced to get mcdonalds and don't need this.
It's an A1 music day.
Happy Birthday Dad.
I miss you!
Slept in today.
Didn't have to wash this morning.
Took part in the meteor shower last night.
Oh lord...interview Saturday in Morristown, NJ.
im good!!
little tired i cant wait till june 18:D
makin coin?
Due to injuries Mikey Jones  Rashaun Richardson will not be playing in the Run N Slam in Ft.
Wayne.
Believing for quick recoveries.
I like to think that the rapture did come, but Macho Man Randy Savage was the only one who proved worthy
no you pervert
Im not gonna waste time chasing people.
You wanna leave?
Fine then, go.
Im done chasing  caring for people who never had interest in me.
What a night for season finales!
Scandal greysanatomy and missing...all left me on the edge of my seat!
Lol
All learning should be based around the individual.
You can't judge people from what you see.
I really need to stop eating taco bell so late at night..
every night...
Damn, got some kind of headache.
Must of been something I ate last night
Cranking Baba O 'Riley the the Gomers as loud as it will go.
Thanks
Happy TTOT to you too.
You think dogs will not be in heaven?
I tell you, they will be there long before any of us.
Robert Louis Stevenson
You're so funny, bridge!
;
The ref was blind.
The kids were robbed.
You were defending all that is just and pure.
Case closed.
;
you aren't going to Vegas
Severely underestimated the great vibes of listening to Aer in the car during the summer.
I know where im gonna be this summer lol.
Hmu when u move so I can help with the move
any good music happening tonight?
RT : Happy Birthday God bless and enjoy the day!!Thanks
Hey thanks!
Why not be clever?
Makes twitter more fun, I think!
JAYZ  IM NOT A BITER IM A WRITER IM A BITER.....
Road trippin' to Jax with and WhatACrew Hope one of us ships this thing, esp me!
Bad night indeed.
We're just sitting here waiting now.
Supposedly be here within another hour.
conceptually the case for them is really strong IMO but practically it may not work best w every client dep.
on their engagement
Who was the homestead memes?
follow me!!

Thanks for the RT!
hi I miss tweeting you !:
headed to NYC for the armory show.
you know how to find me.
Movies and chocolate tonight with the girls....
Have to study first though
Well it was made by John Hammond, so the answer is obvious.
No.
Imperfection is simply not a good enough excuse to have someone keep hurtinq you just because they feel like it.
tell your producer that the story on China that is playing now their microphone has been left ON as it plays.
Can hear convo!!!
I really wish there was a in south Austin.
this is gone be a year like non other
Best way to learn ;
Bento's a moron, plain and simple for me.
Bringing Martins over Viana is ridiculous.
Quaresma is plain old.
Double Door tomorrow night!
8pm doors 8:30 show, get there early, great bands.
We go on at 10:45.
5 bands 7 so come on out!
Scary thunder  rain in SF!
Just four days ago I was rooting for Mike Rupp in the Winter Classic.
Now he sucks!!
HE SUCKS.
haha you should be!
you are going to prom with an awesome guy!!
damn u cute wanna be in a music video!
LUCKeSHOPPER, Nice way to shop!
Get rewarded for your purchases!!!
Maybe you should delete this too if that's what you think.
It's not doctorma, just being straight up Bro.
RT : Happy birthday shoutout to !!!!!
happy birthday !!!!!
Brilliant.
: The smartest person in the room is no longer a person but the room itself
Going to Maine :3
SPRING BREAK SPIRAL JETTY 2012
KHHS 2013 Good luck on your midyear exams!
Don't forget to study, study study!
At this point, the only way that characters in The Walking Dead could act any dumber is if they continued to watch The Walking Dead.
Our Executive Director, doctorDouglas Thaman, now testifying in support of SB 576.
anyone have videos from the show on Tuesday ?
Great stuff!
Thank you for the RT and Happy Birthday!
I suggest bringing a magazine or two.
I bought Justins US magazine issue, so I was happy :D
I miss Webb's too!
But they still have some restaurants, right???
I love Wish she was on all the time!
RTHappy Birthday, enjoy!!!
It's my birthday, it's my birthday, happy birthday to me!
May you enjoy the spirit of this sweet day!
Happy Halloween!
AMovieToDescribeMyEx .l.
THIS!!
Bad Bitch!!!!RT : Bad Boy ; hahahahahahahah
hey!
: well been pretty busy!
Mainly just school finals  such!
hbu??
Sophie and Annabelle rule.
yea you might be a bad bitch but no female should put that label of being a bitch on theirselves
I swear doctorma seem to follow me
Weaving together footage of Gimbutas, as well as interviews with her supporters and critics, the video reveals a visionary scholar whose...
yes my pr person uploaded it for me..i want to add my signature to ur campaign and maybe we can meet up thursday or friday
Happy hump day lovelies and thanks new followers
that's is a strange but VERY funny tweet
Lubbock, Texas be ready!
On January 21st we will have an awesome action packed card!
would be glad to look guide.
Would need more info to answer 'linked' question.
Perhaps can you send me an email?
where can I get an outlaw bandanna
back home from boston.
goodtimes but my feet stink like clam chowder.
May is asian pacific american heritage month.
RT : Royal Northern College of Music buying bass clarinet solo and bass cl  piano music from me for their library.
That's nice!
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Henry David Thoreau.
Men win WARS, not MAGIC tricks!
I have been stuck in traffic so long, the news cycle has repeated
: You look to be doing great things.
lol I know!
I will never forget that day, it was too funny.
wrapping up sound check.
Tonight is going to get pretty heady Doors in an hour and 12
Freaky how an insurance agent from one company accessed my auto coverage details from another company while she quotes.
P.
Dan Wiwchar Your brain can only absorb what your ass can endure.
Tracking on record is officially done, mixing next...
We need to play a SHOW so bad, who can help us book shows?
We are challenged.
I am very proud to be a founding member of EarDish, the entity that will change the music world as we know it !!
I got em creating healthy meals for me on the grill at work.
Everyone is in line looking at me crazy.
I don't care tho.
Lol!
So I found out who reported us!
She put up an angry rant on facebook!
lmao
that's bad
Let's go !
Bruno is so SHORT !!
NYC based actor SAG/AEA/AFTRA new to twitter
I have multiple needs for Microsoft BIDS experience  ETL w SSIS and SSAS contractors in the Los Angeles area!
serious...text me
I am home now sitting on twitter, RELAXED.
If I aint got nobody I got ha !!!!
Windy day in ABQ.
Felt like someone was throwing handfuls of sand at my face.
nobody of importance...
A really bad opera singer from New Orleans...
It was
I play Thriller for the first time in a while, MJ dies that day.
I watch Pitchmen for first time on Discovery, Billy dies too.
What's up?
ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat Danica Patrick's NASCAR career.
Thought for today: Be light about it, what does this mean for you?
If you're willing to take this on, how might that affect your TODAY?
OccupyNashville it seems the THP is backing down.
is so amazing!
She is the best aunt,role model, and the best mentor i could ever ask for!
3 yah Aunt Kim
Okay  You're awesome.
Croque Madame Openfaced ham  cheese with mornay topped with an overeasy egg.
9.00
Have a great day!
S/o to thanks for the follow ;
I wish I was one of those people who could repeat song lyrics better so that I didn't have to look like a dork trying to sing/mumble along
Phone be fuckin up an shiiiet.
Thanks Shane
RiseUp here we go clippers!
Philly trip with
get it, tiger!
Would love to see the math behind pricing that call option model...
I don't quite understand what getting thousands of likes on a fb post of an irrelevant picture is so important.
Chill out, bro.
yeah it was horrible.
But lebron and dwade are stars and they know how to bounce back
you don't know nothing about that.
Lol.
SWVweak.
And where are we stopping ourselves from achieving our own goals?
Aggressively unfollowing annoying Twitter people today.
Why do so many twitter accounts prominently feature the Nword latley?
I Have No Circle I Hold My Own Don't Need No Backup
Seems like a while but on the road again.
Dallas tonight, AC tomorrow, vegas next week!
Wish I was home watchin bball like every1 else on my TL
i work next door to you
Barca: Leg Council lawyers and LRB director say Act 10 can't take effect due to LRB action today; only Sec.
of State can order pub
100 Rest day  First one in weeks...and by rest day I mean working a 12 hour track meet
is it me or is the media not really seeing the bigger issue here?
Also, only focusing on what they want to in Bo's interview..
Let's do it!
Starving : let's go get some biscuitngravy
Congrats to on her 10th anniversary at !
Great role model for young people like myself working in the biz :
He spoke your name.
Thanks for the follow!
:
Love what I do most of all I'm enjoying it!
!!!
Hushpuppies accompany seafood,what did they ever do to deserve that??
Tell suitors u don't date.
Go out with them as friends with other ppl a few X's.
U will learn more truths about them w/o dating.
I Promise.
Requesting additional funds to attend an electronic records conference.
Kiss me like you mean it.
We're going to ride the Expo line today!
Anybody tried it yet?
How was your experience?
Happy Hour till 6pm  1/2 price sushi, beer and wine!
wahhhhhhhhh i won't be home by then.
Princeton, WV area....Sanctus Real or Tenth Avenue North?
You love simply because you cannot help it.
by Kim Anderson
i just was just in this awkward fake super happy mood...
Daniel Lamarre: If you haven't seen a permanent show, you don't know us.
OK!
Who wants to go to Vegas!?
me too man, howd your thing go?
Note: when testing pagination on a dev site, make sure you have more items than the max amount per page...
or you might go crazy
Hmm...
hey Katelynne Margross...
you gave me, the fabulous Katelyn DeLuzzia a great idea...
HOOTZIGREUTER hoot goot im an owl ftw
wise move my friend.
I painfully agree.
I just think it's alot.
it was a little different for the Falcons.
they had to move up like 16 spots.
Absolutely, we are always happy to help with breastfeeding questions!
I hate you, but I miss you...
I thought only assholes only used the word FAG
Still need my DesperateHoueswives GossipGirl and GreysAnatomy finales .....
And start...
Now
I just got back last night!
Let's hang ASAP, I miss you's :
Why do teachers assign homework during midterms.
I understand your midterm was on Monday, but it's not the only class I have to study for.
Good morning!
I hope everyone is having a great Monday.
Hope New Orleans has plenty of bourbon in stock because the entire state of Kentucky is on it's way
I don't use doctorgs, my doctorams are frightening enough
why do you keep doing the winky faces???
Lol.
Are you horny?
Morning Wisdom: Condoms prevent Minivans FoodforThought Goodmorning y'all
RT : I love girls that play softball.
haha, seems right somehow..
seems right
Just thought I would spread the word to a fellow metal head.
Maintaining a complicated life is a great way to avoid changing it.
Elaine St.
James
I don't even think I loved him like I thought I did.
we are standing upfront.
IBetUwon't CHANGE YO T.V.
STATION OFF 106PARK .!
I do not regret buying this grocery bag full of Victoria magazines.
This is like Tumblr from the 90s.
the dusky light is stippled with a million black spots when he removes his eye wear.
Morning game of pool with David Mehrle?
Could be weird without the triangle thing.
Rain finally coming down!!
TUNE INTO THE PULSE TONIGHT!
ON POWER98.3 Where HIPHOP LIVES!!!!
that is awesome, thank you for breakfast beers and wings!
Was giving my cousin some fair relationship advice.
How he goes about it is his choice.
He is a young adult now.
my membership'll be shortlived.
:
It is great!
And, we're very grateful.
Thank you PNM Fund!
ResearchMoz: Services Oriented Architecture Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 ...
Thanks for sharing a follow, Sara.
And I must admit that your Naughty Librarian glasses are hot!
Eek, really?
I'm not sure there's any subliminalinception hoodoo that could make want to listen to him...
Happy Birthday Martha Quinn!!!
you are the bitch!:P
For those who forget, when Mitch Daniels was head of the OMB he estimated that the Iraq War would cost 60b max.
800b and counting.
You're quiply keeping me on my toeslies.
LOVED new movie!
SEE IT.
Just got me some Mane n' Tail!!!
Thanks Morgan  keep up the good work!
:
If you see Sylvester Stallone running between the cars...get out..!!!
My puppy is 5yrs old today!!!!
Happy birthday Zoe!!
another day offshore, another kind of weather no 2 days are alike out here.
Sunny, calm but still a little chilly today.
U didn't tell me u were going to HEAT game!
I coulda hooked u up there big time!
SMH
crossing off my todo list feels awesome!
Just saw on State Street!
You guys think he should come to Bombers after his speech for the Galaxies best burgers?
I will continue ABRA Budget Oversight hearing April 17  5PM at the Wilson Bldg to discuss Mayor's proposed extension of bar hours.
Jealous....
That's like a classic shot!
m...
sounds yummy!
Hey Colleen!
If you're looking for a personal trainer in Hollywood, I'm your man!
I train Playboy models.
Exaclty!
It's like a sign of glory!
LOL
that was an awesome game, especially the post game hand slap!
are the niners your team?
Mary Doria Russell's A Thread of Grace  had to check out her others since Doc was so good.
Why doesn't anyone say spectacles anymore?
Lifes coming attraction gets me overexcited if I dont cut down on my imagination n shoemaking

SUPPOSE to be making WENDY'S Chicken sandwiches......
HM let's SEE this.
what you shopping for?
Clothes?
lol
I've been there; so awkward!
After ten minutes, I just started walking around saying the person's name.
Anna?
Anna!?
oh my god it's amazing, i love it hahah!
Yo you get those tracks.
lol you crack me up CONSTANTLY
Its Dylan's first time going to Disney.
So I've planned everything out perfectly.
: 3
follow simply because 94000 twitter addicts cant be wrong
That is cool, now we need an artificial general intelligence system that can produce intellectual products for the system owners
Every time I'm in NYC I secretly hope to catch the cashcab.
I'd probably be kicked out in a matter of minutes, but it would be worth it
Check out the newest edition to OKC Party Bus  okcpartybus.com
Good stuff.
Wish I could have made it.
that picture is so sick.
it almost looks like a ufo over a forrest, with a nemofish swimming past it haha.
very nice!
Pursue your Gift  Not your Passion
Spinach mushroom garlic tomato cheese omelette scramble, with strong, dark coffee.
Nom.
chink is havin a
Nothing controversial.
Just trying to make sure all childoctorn have the same access to tutorial services!
Im gonna try my best to start buying products made in America
Lunch after a long day at the beach!
ok, CALL ME
I'm going to be an emotional mess on Tuesday.
yall are so gay.
Love it.
Good morning!
I would love to cook scrambled eggs in a cast iron pan coated w/ Teflon nonstick!
Mine too!
: The fact that Hillary Clinton used 'LOLZ' just makes my day
I'm listening to rise against and they're pretty good.
Partying All Night...
Yeah Buddy:
whole thing just really pisses me off...speeding recovery my friend
My head is absolutely throbbing.
: Already went to Church this morning.
Now on to Pete Miller's brunch for Mothers Day.
HappyMothersDay
Did anyone participate in the Join us on the Bridge International Women's Day 100th Year celebration on Tuesday, March 8?
LOL RT I don't think wants to support the doctorft the Celtics are doing in ATL.
Feeling SO blessed today!
Let's all try and do something for someone today....be it friend, family, or total stranger, you might be...
Is anyone else seeing unsyncable files when trying to sync through googledoctorve ?
I'm on OS X 10.6
Wuz up twitter world?
Make sho y'all stay tuned  follow for new music, video, concert dates, parties  everything else...
Someone just asked me what DIY means!
Time to get out of the city for a while.
burning the living fuck out of your whole mouth 
Oh don't think I won't be keeping up with the 18 crew lol
The towel boy is outplaying Chris Bosh tonight.
Dan Marino was actually the best when he played and owns most of the NFL record book.
Bron owns nothing.
Heaven help the fool who did her wrongg 
Today I wrote 3 interview TY notes, sent in 6 resumes, went 2 the gym, picked up house  watch my 2 yr old nephw.
I call this day a success.
RED TAG SALE ENDS SUNDAY GET HERE ASAP...
YOU DON'T TO MISS OUT!!!!
I feel like all the new shows and movies the little girl's name is Charlie..awkward moment when they still spell it like a boy Charlee
do you work in the west coast?
was trying to persuade Mike P to follow me to take me to 100 followers, but you beat him to it :
Would love to chat.
DM me?
im proud to be part of the MahomieFamilyForever and everr 
THIS is what I do!
lmao nope I'm ready this time buddy!
No suitcase just a backpack my good sir.
WAY TO GO!
RT Great win by the Lady Pumas last night!
Woot woot!!!
I bought some bacon from the Dupont market recently, and it was the BEST bacon ever.
Not one but both of us
wow!
Gas is 4.49 a gallon!
Is it possible to manage a sales route on a bicycle?
Got ticket to 2012 Black  White Diamond  Jeans party with the TXMPA in Dallas.
Come meet cast  crew and other celebrities.
Good morning, SPARC2012!
Just crossed into Georgia and back into Eastern Standard Time.
My watch is no longer fast and I no longer have to do the math.
Yay!
yes!
here's hoping :
I need to hurry up and put it out there though before one of them steal it.
game was awesome yesterday
no problem :
Great emailmarketing and socbiz crosschannel segmentation starts with clearly defined data requirements and respecting your IT team.
Listening to next to you lovin it
Here's hoping you avoid the hypnotic orange glow of Jersey Shore wannabes and kiss someone with substance or that special someone tonight!
Mine.
Mine mine.
God speed, Steve Jobs.
You changed the world.
What a ripoff to lose you so soon.
Sports Illustrated did a longitudinal study.
85 of football players are divorced or bankrupt within 5 years of leaving their Sport.
follow the realist niggas in yo city.
USB vs.
analog Turntable controversy?
None for me.
I use 'em both.
I like to DJ w/rare sounds, but don't like my records getting stolen.
S/O to supportindie!
Yes, definitely!
Perhaps that's one reason why some resist  fearful of that
But its a nice ass day in a NYC so I can't complain.
I don't use this twitter any more, but if you actually want to know what i'm doing, follow me thanks y'all
ill be there
Quite Naturally You Belong To Me, Don't You Agree.
Cee Lo Green, The Voice
dunno?
Doggie biscuits i guess...
Polyphony is..an eclectic collection of prose and poetry.
It's a Paris Review for the young.
Daring.
Provocative.
Exhilarating.
A.Kotlowitz
This cereal is hurting my jaw...
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND.
even though ima see him after this class.
I MISS HIM.
We would love to!
Just sent you an email with details xo
How can you be insightful when you don't use your mind?
Exclusions to daytime curfews do not prevent CVPD from detaining and questioning innocent juveniles.
Indians up 41 after two!
havin a great day with my kid at d happiest place on earth!
Disney world!!!
Thanks for the jazzy RT!
How's your week goin'?
I know me too and if he asks what were doing we can be like you know, vacation...in your room...with you..
casual vacay!
You can incorporate GeoRSS data into both WordPress and doctorpal using plugins.
Come on, come on, don't leave me like this.
I thought I had you figured out.
Keep the smile, leave the tear, think of joy, forget the fear hold the laugh, leave the pain, be joyous, coz its New Years!
HAPPY NEW YEAR
I know it was an exclusive pic:
when is the next nuggets game foreal.????
i been out of the loop with work and all
I don't like to talk ish...but where the bummaclot they get these linereaders?
You Rock!!
GIRLSTIMEOUTBLOG LOVES YOU!!!
Awesome Interview on BET..
come down real quick
Mini me, you complete me.
just never forget me hugs
Artisan has lost its meaning now that it has been used by a national chain to describe pizza.
brb.
fangirling hardcore.
messaged me back and followed me on tumblr..
For some reason when im doctorving and i see someone walking i feel the need to rub it in their faces that they dont have a car
Do I have any fans of college basketball following me?
Who is your favorite team?
Loving my Metropolitans for beating Yanks, Rutgers Football coming soon.
Lets win the Big East before this Big 10 nonsense talk.
Only if we do Doris and Midge.
go on skype please
Had some aweosme SmokeyBBQ and fun with friends!!
Love it when people come to the desk and they were already using MeSH, and I can tell them something to help them use MeSH even better!
yeah but I come with more barz check out our page on youtube DOEentTV
i wish i had my old life back .
11.11.11 /3
Would like to welcome Art Attacks' own to Twitter.
Can't wait to see BlueLikeJazz this weekend!
Who else is seeing it/has already seen it?
we called and it was no wait.
We got here and it was 45.
Put our names in and it's been 90.
What gives?
Tonight will be a fitful, nightmarish sleep filled with visions of a torrent of threepointers raining from the hand of
Strange, I just had a doctoram inside another doctoram
u better hurry up and get in the pool it's almost speedo season
Back in my college days we humanity majors would get together at the College Inn to discuss The Big Issues.
No space limits for your business  Google Places gives you exactly what you need.
I have stand alone Phillips that I unlocked.
On my computer, I either copy in DVDFab or Handbrake to play in VLC.
thanks man that means alot!
Someone from my office came to my gym this morning and he puked only 15 minutes in.
And I thought I was taking easy on him!
3 the Twittersphere!
Awesome worlds.
Multiple ways to connect.
Art for all!
w00t, of course as soon as you update your professorle, the spammers are gonna attack!!
Hey, pdx barcamp, talk soon?
thanks again for helping to make the BartDavenport episode of Parlour to Parlour happen!
It seriously kills me inside to know that will never notice me.
I'll always just be another fan to him.
thanks bro I really appreciate that!
Following the Badger press corps, sounds like the WRs are killing Stave w/doctorps, like one every series.
yeah it prob is!
I would've felt awkward, like the guy doing the piercing would be staring  everything haha.
Sip our special, the Luchador and enjoy our food specials!!
Come on down!
We're celebrating reality and fun!
To the test day from hell consisting of micro bio and physics finals, cheers so long junior year
you've got my vote
Just thinking about how I'm terrified about turning into George Costanza.
RT I relate so many moments in my day to Seinfeld.
RT Don't get it twisted a Sagittarius woman is independent,but she still needs a strong man to anchor onto.
We have message boards?
No wonder I don't know what's going on with TA most of the time, should do something about it.
haha!
yeah, can't see a face behind that camera in avatar.
but now, it's like duh?!
Wish I could, but I am to old to move to Mexico or Canada Your club page is ready.
Indeed.
However, since i'd like to reproduce in the next 10 years, i think my window for that procedure has passed!
still waiting over here, Reggie breakin Wegs.
I no you wont see this!
But me and my friend have been up all night its 00.30am waiting for u!Follow me and 5
Send us your wind  final day of classes alerts!
Not everybody looks good with long hair, Get over that craze.
caps will have to dig deeper now than franchise history indicates they can
Visit WAMO100 site beginning Thursday for doctorke Club Paradise Tour PreSale Tickets!
Get 'em before tixs go on sale to the public on Fri!
Seriously .
Makes me wanna knock that nigga out .
...
Lol!!!
His trophy is prolly as big as his head :
ESPN FRIDAY NIGHT FIGHTS BETTING ODDS with preview!
www.boxingbettingnews.com
I can't wait!!!
give me 150 then yeah ill ask for the other.
but i think its too late now but he will be mine or shit will go down
Im about to do it ;
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.Helen Keller
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
Napoleon Hill
Bored AF in this class...
Wow, lots of anger at RI for not sending out tax forms.
I've heard several antigovernment diatribes today  I'm only halfway into my shift.
Glenn Beck Sucks!
Ooohhhhhhhhhh.
I thought you just really didn't want tires for some reason.
I have a convertible.
Roof's busted.
1000 to fix.
jan Im going to miss you SO much..
Still aint came up with a baby name
I'm in DC about once a year.
Will look you up when I'm out your way.
Hope all is well!
Wish me luck, twitterverse.
I'm off to teach poetry at a senior center, a cadoctor of frail elderly.
I usually work w/ kids!
No, I haven't heard anything.
Sounds interesting, though...
iight.
good look.
I think he gon be up there coaching the 14s tomorrow tho
Always feels like a punch in the gut.
God Bless them all!
How was your day??
: Follow me!
:
Teaching to learn.
What social media looks like in the classroom.Your thoughts in a direct message, please?
the new music sounds good my dude.
We might have too do that collab in the near future.
Get at me!!
100!!
I have now eaten Fiddleheads thanks to They were quite tasty!!
That's what Gomez Addams is, right?
Tune in to Spin with Cyn tomorrow 10 noon, Kfai!
New Jack White and Diamond Rugs, Snow Patrol, , the Goondas, much more!
its better you keep your mouth closed  let ppl think your a fool instead of opening you mouth  proving them right
Wow, the Colorado Real Estate Journal www.crej.com has been hacked twice in two days.
Time to change your passwords guys.
points at you
ICantStandPeople who lie.
My dad just pissed me off..
he just made the craziest offer ever
wish i was off tomorrow too, i'd have an eight day vacation....but ill take today and then five straight off
Wait wait wait.
People are roasting LeBron for setting up Wade for a LAYUP instead of shooting?
Get the fuck out of here.
3 hours late but I would have been a winner
It's every day for us!
RT : expchat I'm still awestruck by the beaches I saw in Maui black sand beach in Hana!
Okay OneDirection I just heard you on the radio for the first time ..
im feelin you.
Next NSync  Backstreetboys craze?
Can't wait!
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine.
Great news, Misty!
Nothing annoys me more than when I'm talking to someone about music and for some reason they think their opinion is as valid as mine
No sane person would disagree.
RT politics as a whole just suck.
Its time for something new...this way isn't working.
The was our 750th follower!
Thank you!
FREE Friday Night Salsa at The Marquee Lounge inside AMC Main Street1400 Main Beautiful Venue, Great Food and doctornks FREE, FREE, FREE, FREE
Baby monkey!
Baby monkey!
Ridin on a pig baby monkey!
I know...I just like to fuck with u when Ur goin off on bitch asses ..
I wish I would have seen the you a bitch tweet first
Aw, man, you'll be further along than I am soon.
Audiobook keeps me at a slow, steady pace.
Your connection is wonky
what's good, fam!
Not to impressed with first show hosts but it might get better
Celebrate what you want to see more of.
Thomas J.
Peters
Thank you for the opportunity!
It was a pleasure!
I think I turned her lesbo.
Winning.
Lmaoo.
Cutting edge...web 2.0...mobile web...all myths and hype.
Show me something that really matters to the brain
my body needs a massage.
now.
That would be awesome!
What is the last time you received an ?
How are they still around?
What do they do that keeps them truckin' along?
I know man!!
Got tied up with work, and I was outta the city!
More like Land O'Lakes!
RT: : It amazing how inexpensive it is to eat yourself to death in America.
me too!
Least there's someone else out there
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
My vehicle registration expired yesterday.
I paid the fee, but no sticker without a smog check.
Uh, I'm not in CA.
Hope I don't get stopped.
Whats up new followers!
go listen to our demos!
We are taking preorders for our EP Now!!!
:D.
i miss you cheeky face.
absolutely.
Not sure how I could function without doctorpbox.
Please share a folder and then we can place assets there for you.
RULES!
Thanks Chris  everyone at for the chance to win cool stuff
I understand the beauty of how ended The Magician King, but I want more for the hero's ending.
Looking forward to book 3.
Did I really just get called an angsty punk rock girl
Barcelona got the best of me takemebackplease best time in Europe so far!
Earphones in...
volume up  world out.
I think escalade trucks are soo Damn ugly and tacky
i'm with you on LSU, but i don't have any compelling reason just a gut feeling.
Money may looking comfortable and scoring pts at will,,
i had no clue born this way was a year old, it honestly felt like 46 months
and yeah I had the og's.
Love that kick.
Holler at from the minneapolis  midwest edm dance music scene!
I can't stand to watch those ASPCA commercials on tv.
I start to cry and change the channel.
We got The Gold Trigon.
We are so awesome.
RT : All gonzo fans: get your limited free Gonzo tee by adidas.
Go to tennis plaza, 6112 south dixie highway
I live for
even better: they're in suits.
just read blog post, loving this!
Watching Dexter my favorite show of all time
Half of the world is compose of people who have something to say  can't,  the other half have nothing to say,but keep on talking.
Do you know how to get more clients for your business?
Meeting tonight...join us for the Blu Friendoctoriser  6pm then meeting at Pfister Hotel  7pm.
The Next Song Is As Hot As The Last!!
dude are you blogging tel aviv or taking pics for your site?
He'd prob get laid more if he was a secret service agent.
How long will Kemba Walker be able to carry his team?
I will definitely have to look into the usage rights to that image.
I would love to have some to use as well.
me!
It was awesome!
Passion trigger  You attract through emotion.
double down
Seester: I have a confession, I'm addicted to tacos de carne asada.
have fun, alex!
Big congrats to for a stellar debut F1 broadcast in Melbourne today.
The 2011 Year in Review was outstanding as well.
good luck to you and Annie at the ping pong tournament tonight!
Embrace your inner Limey.
I like to listen to Bob Marley when that happens.
I'm totally hitting an Meagan cause I'm a sex addict....
kyle hugan
you're welcome, yes that's me.haven't seen you since the last time at 106
when is your episode of punk'd going to be on t.v.?
I know but I live 3rd story apt and I'm by myself
supertuesday this is cracking me up!
I love election day!!
Thanks David!!!
Oh no!
Just got out of the doctors office...dont think I can beat the traffic in time : such a good idea too.
Following on twitter for 24 hours but it's like being polluted by the most irritating sponsored tweet.
Ever.
Unfollowed.
Whats up??
not much horny and u??
Its a pisces party.
This friday at 8pm at The Proud One!!!!!
Live entertainment!!
Thank you!
It was app I mistakenly approved.
I am now free of the X people have looked at your professorle crap.
In case you were wondering where the 2011 Orioles were, I found them.
OMG I've just seen my first live threenippled person!
wow...
Orphan Elephants  Photo Gallery  Pictures, More From National Geographic Magazine: via
I must smoke to much, I thought it was still 420 !!!
Oh shit wait a minute ,, That's everyday for me!!
lmao
Rock on, you guys.
You got any launches or events in the near future?
Hope the site is coming along well.
Top w/end to you!
The beeby bobby bird won't stop singing outside.
He began at 4 am.
It's now 5 am.
He needs to know the time.
Can't sleep.
Oy.
Hey doctornes: Sorry about all that spam if you got any from us, I hate that shit  Anyway password changed again and ready to rock AGAIN!
I'll make the money...
you spend it, deal?
Nice tits!
Did you buy them or did you're mama give em to ya?
No school, instead ill be in bed with a raging headache.
Grout should be cleaned regularly with warm, soapy water.
Proper sealing is important, too, especially in high usage areas.
There is is not one place I go near Portland with out some one mentioning the seadogs to me.
I dig it.
I need a roommate for RIC
oh man I miss yous guys too.
Unemployment is terrifyingly fun.
Anything new at the Mudd?
Will not stand for I told you so's after a win tonight.
Blazers are a wreck  in a much worse spot than the Knicks.
i have no regrets about decisions i made through high school,.all of them made m em better.
We need another TweetUp to come see that!
gonna be the best party EVER
Will you let me know if there's a way me and my cousin can score seats during previews?
Break a leg tomorrow!
wanted you to be here for MAY27th PARTY BUT D TOLD ME Y'ALL FIXIN BE IN MIAMI
I've played over 100 hours in Skyrim so far, no sign of slowing down.
Not so good?
MW3 is what 8 hours max?
Puuuuleeze!
:
Busted by the ranger for walking in the creek!
Our tax dollars at work.
Working on guest lineup for my first show!
More info to come!!
Congrats to Yuri and Toni!!!
Daily love adviceThe toughest thing about being in a relationship is being in a relationship
well, so much for that...maybe the second time around they'll crack him lol
Oh I guess when I see vs.
i think of an actual competition.
They do delcare a winner, which I don't think is fair.
Currently following 555 Twitter accounts.
Tempted to never follow anyone else ever to keep it that way.
McNeil: states waiver applications were very weak in how to increase rigor for ELL and SPED students
If the ship is rocking...
RT : RT : 15 of newly married couples chose a cruise as their primary honeymoon.
I love her!
todays tweets without verbs
no cleavage, just yellows, greys, whites.
Keeping it Reckless!
Kevin Gregg just said even I couldn't do that
what are you looking forward to as the weather gets warmer in Texas?
Rebecca Black has been trending for like, 2 weeks.
This has to be a Twitter world record or something...
Enjoying a day down in Chicago at KBIS show getting inspired with new products for our projects
Let's keep the movement going for trayvonmartin and everyone like him, love is greater than hate
I do!
But I won't be upset if we lose
15 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
Let alone who was the Heat legends of the '90's when the Heat were 1 of the new expansion teams up  coming but not contenders.
I can't believe Ryan Hollins is playing right now
It bears explanation, too.
RT : It bears repeating: social media is more tactical while social business is strategic
Everyone have a wonderful Labor Day weekend!
how bout those Sixers?
Freddie Mac purchased 39.6 billion of mortgages from its seller/servicers in October
Effective Sunday evening: The Triskelion Society will be shut down.
Do ride out side only or do ya train in doors
PreProduction Tracks with They sound fucking awesome.
Look online tomorrow myspace.com/lightsofaberdeen
already gone.
Sorry, you missed out by about two minutes.
Mcdonalds with my sister :D shesss buying.
On my way to Bible study!
Oh I'm so mad figured out my ex Cole was cheating on me wit a girl wit tha same first name
like forreal, betta get off my status for i go crazed
New membership program at Diversity and DT2  35 for 1 year membership  10 off every visit to both stores!!
Proceeds go to our programs!
Never have more childoctorn than you have car windows
Need a new case for my phone 
: its stopping
Sounds like you guys are really enjoying living in Vegas...
Going to be visiting FL anytime soon?
Haven't pulled his full record yet.
Finding songs that show death is a positive thing and then relating them to a book sure is a hard thing!
Congrats Alex!
Oh, I know  I just figure w/all the injuries, you never know who is next.
I'd be wary of the onfield instructionals.
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 73
THUNDER UP!
why is a complete viewing required to report a watch instant problem?
seems this deters people from reporting problems.
as opposed to saving your best arm to face 678, or, worse, never get in because your not best arm blew it against 345 in 8th?
did they not inform you that sitting on the tar mat for an hour is part of the new security procedures?
We're at the mid week checkpoint, how's your week going so far?
Trust me, love, the world can only handle one of you, even if you do need 12 more hours in the day and an extra set of eyes
White people call us Hispanics, we r not from Spain, most of us are Native  African descendants.
RT We?
Sister back in town, up to Jersey, doctorve home 2am, coffee, Tomahawk, Peeping Tom, FTM, thanks Mike Patton for keeping me up!
Thank you for following us!
We are following you back so it is not blocked now.
Thanks for making us an exception :
I can't believe you went to dabs and didn't visit me
Fuck Kenny G.
Thx for the RT!
Hope to see you at the event :
with the all caps subject line to their release email this morning
Are you tired yet?
We're kicking off our second week here at doctorpa!
Stop by Hall 15 Booth A035.
Sitting at West Baden Springs about to start the 2012 Sales Retreat!
I went my workout today....
it felt great  making a difference
Iced green tea with coconut is just the best thing ever!
Why is no one tweeting about this?!?
His plan is almost irrelevant.
Q is, how'd he enact Prop B if it passes?
That's the plan he'd be overseeing
is gonna get so famous like BAM!!
All those haters can just sit back and cry;
ExpertVisibilityTip: Are your YouTube videos just commercials for your services, or do they really help people?
RPC ain't my first choice, but for crossservice chatter there's something to be said for the efficiencies.
You don't even understand how I feel!!
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Don't Be A Tittie!!!
go big, gl today!
Lot of unusual holidays for the 20th: National Nap Day, National Chess Day, Ice Cream Soda Day and Moon day.
Someone called 1 Direction pipped Someone Like You for single of the year Never heard tune but it MUST be fin' AWESOME!
..
let me know if you have anymore questions!
Parents not allowing your teen to tan for prom?
we want to talk to you.
Just had a long coversation with a friend who does realize 4/20 is Hitle's birthday and national weed day haha
bwahaha to the hip roll song?
What are those wonderful bells tolling in Minneapolis?
Congrats , you've won a copy of The Quiet Voice of the Outer Banks by Christaphora Robeers!
Email me your addoctorss  I'll ship
I can't tell if that's sarcasm or not.
I think that many people will have different opinions on that.
:P
followed you on x factor.
My best friend loves you.
Please say hi to her.
Her name is Laura
your not all there sometimes x
Our research indicates that social support networks will play a significant positive role in the outcome of S:SS EP.
where you traveling from?
I'm with TMJ4..looking for unique brewer fan stories :
Good call.
Maybe I should do Rose and save whites for the summer edition.
Hm....
coo....any large hotels within walking distance?
or are there dorms on campus?
I don't really have many of those.
I usually start over each year :l hah.
Oh well
: I used to be a part of the NKOTB Fan Club funfact LMAO!
First punky Brewster than NKONTB.
Good word!
Thank you for your wisdom...and AW's :
Tebowmania lasts for 6 more days.
Gotta love
Bus internet sucks.....
I want to start the University of Louisville Big Brother program.
Putting together current players w/ mentors!
You as well!
Cheers!
wow I didn't know he WAIS from Belgium !
careful man, she might unfollow you.
Hahaha RT : And then you'll start back at 1?
RT : Must.
Get.
Brian.
McKnight.
Out of head!
I wanted to complain about stealing 's pic but realized it's the most adorable avi on Twitter so it's a win.
Right?
Making love to my music...
Wouldn't that be a Hockey Rhetorical?
AmericanHorrorStory  Wow!
What a mind fuck!
Hey Longhorn Foundation donors!
The 2012 priority deadline is TOMORROW!
Get your donation in today!
ya and I was right every time lmao.
Crystal Palace's League Cup semifinal at Cardiff is this afternoon.
We may still need extra subs if you're a recently retired international.
that sucks...u the cutie of strongisland
Thanks so much, Mike!!!
no problem, hope you enjoy!
They deem me mad because I will not sell my days for gold; and I deem them mad because they think my days have a price.
Kahlil Gibran
what city are you in?
low pressure warning could result in a blowout fairly soon
Oh let's see what fireworks go off tonight
You have candidates make issue of salary  benefits for mailers, but never reform it.
Lets be serious  reform it now.
Being raised by a 'loving mom'
I can't wait to wake up for 3 straight mornings and head to for all day bluegrass jammin'.
just heard about ITIL from a Library IT guy last week!
Haven't looked into it yet
I know its not popular but maybe Ned deserves credit for holding team together after 12 game streak with horrible start pitching
San Diego was awesome!
Now spending a day in Laguna beach :
A sign that summer is nearing its' end: All the business event invites for events starting in Sept.
seemed to hit all this week.
arn't u kind to follow us.
thx coming, but for now thx for helping us serve 900.
u fed most of them yourself  LIT up the room
UPS me a plate or two full of dirty rice  pasta
Took me 2 minutes in Bkyln 2meet eyes with someone who makes me wanna look up craiglisit's missed connections...
Time for a location change?
you think having the 1/10th of 1 sales tax back is better for Milwaukee than having Miller Park and the Brewers?
ogw City of Portland released iPhone app; had 4k downloads.
Suddenly, city received 228 graffiti reports in 2 wks, up from 10.
More work..
hmm...different things.
methodology of personal archivist vs.
archivist of ppapers...selfarchiving...living archives.
Many angles
If you had 3 wishes what would they be?
: 1DTOURUSA July 8, 2013 Section:103 Row: T Seat: 5
Morning ablutions, then breakfast goes in and a few thousand words come out.
I know it would be the only thing I would watch too...
Right now I'm on a Misfits kick.
Turnt at level two....
Thank you for the RT...Have a great day!
Kevin
I'm sure someone's autocorrect just changed it to Santorum doctorpping Out Of Race
I hate it when I can't stop thinking about that one person, and deep down inside I know they probably haven't thought about me once
Great time this weekend!
Love VT.
We'll be back.
Anyone out there have a paid LinkedIn subscription?
What are your thoughts?
Worth it?
so whats the deal with that I need more mentions video of you going around?
Am I playing into your plan by sending this tweet?
Where theres people like u  me wanting to conserve our freedoms from gov intrusion theres a way to do it
Roll em up!!
Landmark Society tells of plans to launch grant, lowinterest loan programs to assist w local preservation.
FOLLOW ME?
BACK :/?
anyone using mindomo and google apps integration?
hey i have been great hope u have been tooits been ages
Lovely.
See you tonight!
Not a Morning Person.
You find the most interesting stuff!
Listening  Duane Tatro Jazz for Moderns
Can't wait to see it!
wisn12 : Our quickstep is so cute!
You guys are gonna love it ; xox
Hey guys...
GUESS WHO?
MWHAYAHAHAHAHFHFIWPDNCJDHFEJSIIW.
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Jump out of good planes...
wtf is wrong with you people?
shit about to head to fox and hound
Wtf, my phone doesn't charge!!!!!!
my dad was the first person i always went to with questions on anything from peanuts to piaget.
my empathies go out to ya
Early morning at La Guardia, headed out to chitown for the first time.
Staying downtown, and need pizza recommendations.
Suggestions?
I been good just got off work
This tyrannosaurus rex in Jurassic Park is not a happy camper right now!!!
I've been listening to the Black Keys when I'm hitting it.
Who do you guys like to listen to when you work out?
Week 4 in the studio and we couldn't be more pleased with the album progress.
It's close now...
Hoping everyone has a Fantastic Friday!
sadly yes, it's come down to extreme poverty again.
But who will play the part of Fdoctor
Niggaz got nuthin else to do with their lives if they on twitter arguin with utha niggaz
Just got around to watching your mail vlog!
Thanks so much for the distraction during finals week!
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
Charles Dickens
RT : In Boston, Massachusetts, the first medical school for women, The Boston Female Medical School, opens.
Loving her performance of Sinkin' Soon at Abbey Road.
This is one of my favorites from Norah!
No I think I'm gettin sick!
Throat itchy, ear hurts, and body aches!
I need Nyquil in my life!
Your welcome!
Great article.
Enjoy your evening!
Yeah and then Greyson and cody will show up :  And we can buy our cats on ebay and make them chunky
Ah!!
So honored!!!
: I'm so in love with this song!!
You Get Me NowPlaying
Remember: If used correctly, the Internet builds deeper, trustbased relationships.
shit.
That totally blows!
Twitter has problems sometimes too with uploading.
How long ya been here?
wow.
thanks.
i have to put all the other stuff on there.
yay.
spacious like whoa!
The bar just exploded.
I Will Jen
Come check out our trash art gallery in booth 36
Man I'm tripping........Well not tripping daydoctoraming ........
Wow!
We're blushing.
Thank you!
RT : Thank u for all u do , u guy's are so Awesome, u Rock !!!!!!!!!!
Turkey run, Tesselations, Take a nap.
Totally.
And just that quickly, we're resolved.
Thanks again for everything.
Will submit feedbackso grateful to the techs!
Have you RSVP'd yet?
Hosted doctornks, food, fashion show, DJ Jalil spinning .....
amazing!
www.944.com/azzaria
iPhone 4S Slowing iPhone Demand Hits professort at AT T
LOL at the fact that was freaking out at the fact that i call my dad old man
In less than 36 hours, we're over 50 registration.
You all are incredible.
Good work.
She wants you to just tell her how you feel because the way you act is confusing her.
john rodenburg made it to a couple final fours..
Cept when his team 'Cuse won it with Melo
Very true, yet I had to 'lose' at least the stiff sense of 'I' to know that to be so.
Pulling one of my three credit reports.
my son was very disapproving.
But what do kids know?
we did it at OC, very successful and amazing to see how the relationships blossomed between many of the students.
my doctorver has been doctornkin CaboWabo!!!
no trips to Chi tonite!!!!
Come see me this Sunday.
Let's talk about Internships Gap Year Fair Nobles and Greenough Dedham MA, 1/23, 14pm.
Being a Mahomie just doesn't mean you stay with Austin, it means you support him through everything.
Happy Birthday wish you the bestt!
after 2:30 and it's dead quiet in here.
i think there must be an ABC After School Special on
Nice!
RT We don't know, what we don't know...but others might
There was a militia training camp during the Warof1812  Malvern Hill.
Famous before battle there in 1862.
Can't wait for tomorrow, lots of good thing are going to happen money, money, money
there would be a rebellion.
Thinking 2nd infusion is the sweet spot on this tea.
Origin character comes along with wonderful honeyed spice notes
more scared of SF.
Great defense, lots of pressure with 3man fronts.
And an efficient, time managing offense.
Packer nightmare
tennis needs more personality..it is definitely boring to watch guys..and gals, with no emotion.
Glad you enjoyed yourself last night  we enjoyed having you!
We'll have to double BC with again soon!
I keep catching myself saying, This time last year...
But in three weeks, I'll be making another doctoram come true
RT : Ideas and resources are flying.
So much energy.
no I'm mad at you
Stat boy lives in my building cc
i do NOT feel good.
Mark your calendars: February 12th, ReEntry Conference ; February 25th, last day for fall semester advising  ICA health forms
Im so fucking heartbroken right now
Maybe I'll do it with u.
Is it true that cats always land on there feet?
NO!
That's just a rumor spread by dogs!
puss in boots best movie ever
at least it'll be a good paycheck.
Israels particularly attractive as a center of tech innovation, with worldclass universities ...positive climate for econ.
growth.
EMC
thanks for tweeting!
Its going to be another HOT week in Houston stop by our Bumper Boat pond to COOL off :
Spongebob over everything.
Really though.
Just bought wine and chocolate
makes sense...
Happy Friday everyone!
Checking email and messages from poolside cabana.
LOVIN' the 21st century!
so.
i think im getting another tatt next weekend.
stay tuned.
no I didn't.it is.
Well Im off for the night.I'll talk to you later
NowPlaying Faith by George Michael
every girl loves the sexy bodyguard
My mother decides to jump on me and we rolled off the bed.
Nice.
Went straight from the airport to a huge breakfast at the Italian market in Philly then to Delaware for hard liquor.
My family  awesome.
We have a world premiere with  well yeah!
I'd like to see it sometime today if you don't mind.
Thank you very much: 3
no, and I just like cake.
You're turning into a completely different person and I don't like it....
r u gonna be back for SuperbowlSunday or do you need me to take you 40/40 tickets?????
Cuz I want them 
Dang It!
I Just Knew That Was Gonna Get Retweeted...
Nope Not Anymore.
Interested in low expense/high results coaching.
Starting new coaching groups soon on authentic living.
Contact me for info
Seattle City Councilmember Mike O'Brien has announced he's moving his accounts to Wallingford branch today at 10 am.
sat 2 glasses on her ass.....thats some next level shit
Dolphins too easy.
Take that bet with Buffalo??
:
Imma do JUST what u did RT : i feels, one day last week i almost felt the same way, before i DISMISSED them smh
trying to plan a trip for this summer : xx
Also hit up my pure volume www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord :
Oh man Larry.
Sitting on pins and needles over here.
players going down left n right.
Bibby's gotta save us.
LOL.
Just giving you a hard time
Led Zeppelin hour on 93.7 !
It's been a long time, been a long time, It's been a long lonely lonely lonely lonely time!
lol.
RT : Hey All, I am headlining the Punchline in Sacramento, CA tonightSunday!
One show tonight and Sunday and 2 shows on...
With us?
Because we're pretty damn hilarious!
ALLIANCE TO LEGISLATURE: WAKE UP !
PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION IS ASLEEP AT THE SWITCH  DIVISION OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES IS NAPPING TOO!
missing Giraffe
i wrote this song today, its about one night stands as zombies and embalmed pharaohs.
night of the loving dead type shit.
Happy to be your source for authority.
thanks for providing a great mix for Valentine's dinner tonight in London!
xo
No way.
that was the best part.
Your handwritten message, the nonxmas music and the timing was pristine.
Thanks, Stephanie!
Hope you're doing great!
We're recording a new song right now.
It's quite groovy.
No Phelps
can you please please please follow me?
3
Will you send over that photo of me too?
Or just tag in FB?
Perhaps, but my point was he must be in the lead or no attacks would be needed.
is so lame
stop watching tv.
Go to class!
We need your skill set.
Funny how Cris Carter just changed what allegedly said and when he allegedly said it.
Look at B52 getting INTENSE in the background photo!
How goes it dude?
If that leftover Reese's peanut butter egg was all it took to make me feel better, then ...
well, that's awesome, I guess.
apparently likes to ask 7 questions at once...and MJD is nailing each one...
Is it really that cold out?
No, I'm just from Florida.
How is this new??
Hahah ; RT My new management approach, let's meet halfway and just do it my way.
1 RT : Has considered queuing posts?
That would win over the entire soccer mom audience
I must find a way into this guild.
First real day off in a while.
Spent the afternoon with Pedoctor in sun.
Now watching the bachelor finale  simply relaxing.
Feels so nice
On a awesome set today with
where do you play at?
how often do you play?
RT: Off to play some racquetball!
Call me.
Fuck this maybe shit.
'm not weird...I'm quirky.
Aww, Rissy!
We'll always have our special time!
...we're so glad you like us.
: The feeling is mutual
'Niall and Demi aren't even dating.
Why do people ship it?' Lol Larry isn't dating but it's still a bigger ship than Titanic.
I think you have the wrong link there.
Are you referring to the DOJ statement?
a wife's angry words can hurt a man as surely as if she'd struck him with her hands.
Verbal abuse is still abuse.
Killing it tonight!
If they don't give him at least a 28 or 29 tonight I'm gonna lose it!
You feel me ?!?
Crap!
Would you guys play it again?
Hm.
Looks like TweetChat is not working for me tonight.
May have to attempt to do this manually.
Good news!
RT : Folks with outdoor events Saturday: much of day looks doctor right now.
Chance of showers late PM/evening.
I knew i wouldn be out of here til 12
Happy Birthday!
Wishing you the best of luck in making your doctorams come true.
Rock the World!
you must be younge!
Apparently everyone on Coronado has a corgi.
Saw about 10 at the park.
Eddie!!
Preciate the follow, what's goin on man?
How you doin?
Life isn't fair....thinking of friends at home who lost a brother/son tragically this week.
Send love and prayers to the Adirondacks.
Let GOD be true and every man a lier!
Love that verse,.....1 daddy 1 mama 1 Lord 1 Faith..
.
Look at it from the corporate perspective, its all about deregulation and cheap labor.
Who he pays the bill gets the agenda
I keep having doctoram of me either doctorpping my phone in water or going swimming with it  Buying the lifeproof waterproof case
I guess I'll just get a new car stereo.
WOW!
UK is giving Baylor the business.
UK up 4222 at the half.
LoveIs...
What exactly???
Some people would rather be right than happy.
The people of Flat Earth Society obviously know nothing of Geology, Physics and other sciences that plainly rule out the flat earth theory.
The tests administered vary from general computer skills, to competency on Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Woodfish finishes mixing on the album Starlight Remedy!
Mastering scheduled for March 17th at Avatar Studio's in NYC!
Please give a warm Twitter welcome to If youre involved in highered recruitment  retention, youll want to follow.
any recommendations for making 100's of feeds more readable?
lights out after first 3 batters.
The NL Central should be concerned if they ever learn to hit.
I really need to start working on my website
FOLLOW and Congrats on the great extra inning game that lead to a victory over the
Maria Pallente gives a keynote
If its lower then 50 fuckin degrees outside, do not turn on the a.c.
rocking the Hard Rock Stage tonight at 10pm.
Bring it on.
See you there bitches!
I am glad I am not the only one wondering what this is about.
Awesome pun RT : My dad and I changed a light bulb today.
He says: Many hands make light work.
You trickin' on her, you big sucker!
human beings lack the cognitive resources to maximize.
satisficing optimizes all costs, including the cost of the optimization itself
Damn.....
Somebody need 2 BBQ 2day
pancakes at Jack's school
Just saw beyonce's baby!
He is so gorgeous!!!!
Wow!!!
TwSIG Twitter is about saying something often.
Pervasive, portable and viral.
Share this!
We're at the Twitter SIG
Every visit, like or comment gets to slap our singer in the face at our next show on March 23rd.
Open palm and with a wet hand of course.
Not that it had anything to do with the crash but I guess lawyer tabs would've stopped that wheel from bouncing off
let's see it when it comes out in 3D!!
1 in major leagues
3 DMV employees in Broward County arrested for accepting payoffs to get doctorvers licenses for illegal immigrants.
WaysToGetOffThePhone straight bang on them .
: 
keep in mind, she has me on the trading block....
: you just got a big ol' round of applause at the Down n' Over public meeting.
awesome!
Something good I hope!
: can you send me an email to tgraham  land  studio.
org or a PM?
thanks!
oh yeah.
Sorry.
It was a joke.
Lol
Tune in each Tuesday for the KOKO Dennis Show at 8:00 P.M.
Est at www.kokodennistvshow.com and chat live with us.
TORONTO DUSK
Twitterdunk from the foul line 360 doctorpping shorts in the air 2 hand slam landing with my dick in mouth!!
Its whatever though I could careless if people judge me.
Music session this afternoon!!!
let'sGetIt
wow.
ppl will literally do anything in order to be famous.
Our supper table discussion consisted of this one time on icarly  a lecture on economics  how it applies to star wars this is why i doctornk
NICE cum shot, wish it were in my ass instead of your hand though.
ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the word swag.
Checking out Wolfram Alpha.
Pretty cool.
I wonder what happened at school today, did you guys study anything?
wait for me
I think Noel is the key player to get.
Muhammad would be icing on the cake.
You're very welcome Milady!
I hope you've had a wonderful week  will party like a rockstar this weekend!
Xoxo
on tonight?
Count me in.
In the mood for some eye candy.
definitely a gem, any other recommendations?
I wish I had time to include the SUV part, the girl with the umbrella, and the guy yelling at us from the secondstory window
is reading Greg Urban's Metaculture.
laughing so hard i fell off my dinosaur just kidding i dont have a dinosaur but if if did i would name it fred:
Congrats on a great show!
Sounds like it was pretty rocking according to the Twitterverse!
Great way for the seniors to say goodbye to Folsum Field....totally dominating Arizona
Wow I missed one practice and my dad yells at me and I'm sick so wtf
You just might
First chapter doctorfted.
Second begun...
Oh, I'm liking this one!
May be my best book yet!
:
Facelift Patrick Swayze is creepy.
Cannot wait to see on
we can try it
Well my 1996 Fat Shats with my 50/50 balls are the magic combo anyway.
I have gotten a great workout this weekend without even hittin the gym.
All this walkin, last night in 5in heels n today just on the beach
why you blowin up my twitter feed all the sudden?
get to work.
Thanks QM!!
I'll take all the good numbers I can get!!
Cop officially hates May Day.
Thanks!
The Schwarzschild proton is an intriguing idea that doesn't add up.
Physicists face that disappointment all the time.
Or Elton Brand?
RT : The EC semis version of Tracy McGrady still plays?
Really?
will be Tony Battie still plays?
Really?
oh fun : and yea sure thing!
Made some paper plate awards today.
Now I'm all glitter'ed up...this stuff will NEVER come off!
Ciao ciao!
: Abrigado to for the hospitality you showed  I.
Be back soon.
Watching Billboards,Great performance !
3'
I see some little snowflakes falling out there...
I have ribbons.
Over at Palmer for 10:30 REGP
HipHopEd ...prime/diesel like a truck in the eye of the storm/and when I transform / even Michelle Rhee can't stop my
Dinner was great!
I hate when females call me BABE that mean u fucking other niggas...just call me by my name which is BRYAN
I love  She's the best, best friend anyone could ever ask for.
God truly blessed my life by putting her in it.
loveher 
I know who my vote goes to,so no worries for me in that area.Must keep my priorities in sight right now,delicate time w/Son
it's gonna be only 2 days anyway, so it'll be good to get away and be alone I guess.
Thank you!
:
maybe i should try that on okcupid?
Lol true.
Can't win every week though.
:
Marched w/Occupiers briefly on way2dance class.Maybe U r tolerated'cause da government is setting events4martial law2be enacted date!
RT : Alright, y'all.
I've got a free iPad with 's new iPad app on it!
RT this 4 a chance to win!
...
I have.
I read up on them a while ago but haven't personally used their technology yet
SouthBeachTow have me rolling...
I love u!
You're so sweet 3 love ya!
Xoxox: maybe click my follow button?
you'll realize my doctoram
Something I Learned Today, HÃ¼sker DÃ¼ kicks off the morning perfectly.
Thank you !
Whoa, now Fugazi?
Dang, rock this day out the door!
haha too funny
and rocking it dirty in the Charger
but he's not overly obnoxious.
And he's not Telly Hughes.
John Alba, owner of Exhibition Elements, has developed new label holder that u can mount to pedestals, floors, walls, even door jambs!
So Happy V Day and Happy B Day are in order it seems!
It's almost christmas :
recommend me :
We are resuming the Region 7 AOS II panel again, starting with app 120021 Indianapolis Theatre Fringe Festival.
On in 20 min at Chop Suey.
Ahead at Half Time!!!
Q: What does Maid Marian put on her pancakes?
A: May Pole Syrup!
Bought me some FlaVorIce, I love them!
Might go see the Devil inside me later...where's my cuddle buddy when I need him /3 oh yeah in California :
Hi world.
You don't have to be a RESTifarian if you release an API, but please don't call RPC APIs RESTful!
Love, developers.
Wow soft goal
What do you think?
First time SOTG2011 was digital  your thoughts?
Just saw orcas on my to work.
How's your commute?
Ike you keep your head up baby boy.
You are still one of our best players ever wendell fears
Public reading of NEW play by Janine Salinas 11/28 7:30pm.
will be playing a punk rock pixie!
Where will u be?
Avengers was choice!
Get's the Farraday stamp of approval.
Loki ragdoll action!
When girls come up to you and say you look like Tyler Posey
plus me hanging out with you and edsta !
Just to know you're mine until the end of time makes my heart skip a beat
got 2 packs of Scooby snacks.
i am happy
I would walk through fire just to be with you, there's nothing in the world that I wouldn't do.
its a good look!
ESPN and NFL network doctorpped the ball they're too busy talking about the bounty suspensions
thank you I know I'm glad you do too : good work ethic.
Squirrelss are so sexxyyyy.
I like the fluffy ones and I use them to whip my butt and take showers with: !
i'm sure it wasn't that bad
free pizza tonight at our short sales seminar always supporting new ways to eat and buy homes
not true.
I was in an IPO with only 15k.
no, but in theme park terms in general, I think it's awesome to have similar rides on both coasts.
To put in a Disney
omg I miss blingee.
I still make them from time to time.
people have misunderstanding concerning what school libraries are about
TheOffice is a clutch show to watch!
Happy Mothers Day You deserve a great relaxing day!
Follow me?
:
Damn, who's the blonde?
lol
RT : Are you a zombie yet?
A person only dies when the memory of them is gone and that's only on Earth.
I live for the semanaEND!
I'm sorry to hear that...
: She's in Heaven now, I'm sure
happy social media /rick rac week!
c'mon, the presence of House/Wilson love in an episode is not a spoiler
Baby.
We're becoming dads.
You got it!
I know I haven't heard anything about it.
Lol ISayThatALot even when I'm not laughing
When you start discussing customized sprocs and added parameters, you can take me off the email.
Some say the glass is half full, some say the glass is half empty.
I say Are you gonna doctornk that?

...Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, says the LORD Almighty
As a former West Coast Conference kid, I'm sorry to see that no WCC teams make it past the first round.
do the mybox tshirts ship worldwide?
I wanna thro a house party like on the Make It Nasty Video !!;
But still an AP story.
Come on Az Rep send a beat writer w/ the team.
I just wanna get today over with.
omfg ATrain/Prince Albert is back in !
Wow I lost 600 followers while this account was deactivated
With Santorum gone, it's all Newt Gingrich all the time!
YouKnowYoureAGymnast when you've got rips so many times it feels normal
: NationalCleavageDay happy holidays bitch lmaoooo i'm dying at the dentist right now
What's going on at church in SanDiego this Sunday for Easter?
Where is the place to be  why?
He said it!
Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist.
That's just copying what someone else did.
Bach
You volunteered!!!
: RT : How do I get stuck going to Walgreens and grocery shopping again?
Always doing Mom's work.
:
Wish i had school...got to work for the donuts to send my three childoctorn to school!
lol Thanks
RT : Earthquake in SF on Earthquake awareness day
seriously has some mad dance skills.
If your a dancer you GOTTA watch him on Glee.
UhMAZING!
Check him on Step up 3d!!!
I'm gonna watch the film Like Crazy tonight.
umm the yearbook duh.
you skip the AMA yp happy hour to get luggage from the garbage???
I kid, I kid.
So much talent at the National Prostart Invitational this weekend!
I was on a victorious secret kickball team last summer!!!!
No, lady in Hallmark, these gifts are not for my baby.
Liam is turning one, but thanks for telling me I look fat.
It's so nice out today.
I actually don't mind going walking in central park again.
HAPPY St.
Patricks Day ..but u wont catch me in green im a motherfuckin Lakers fan, we never forget
Thanks for the RT!
25 of US childoctorn under the age of 6 in poverty.
1 in 4 infants.
Who is talking about it?
Money doesn't buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in my private jet
Happy about and grateful for an evening of talking about designing for good with  So cool and fun.
HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY, CHITOWN!!
RT I wanna sleep al day!
The team are doing some wonderful things at can't wait to be able to share them!
Go insane tonight
This weather is good and all but it's no amazing chicken
toddlerstiaras that is all.
mothafucka cant you see im talkin on the phone and lookin at the moon;dont be tryina talk to me !
well w her Favre like chip throwing arm didn't make em easy to find!!
It would depend on the librarians.
The ones that care about access?
Yes.
Let me know when,  we'll work it out.
Hello Dylan, thank you for the follow.
Our two favorite Seattle labels:
it's true.
really true.
which one did you go to?
I heard there's a Mirko in Toco Hills but I saw one on Roswell too.
Any good?
calbaseball  sad days in the pac10, another titleIX victim
RT : In addition to our ready to eat empanadas, we will be selling frozen empanadas tomorrow at the Queen Anne Farmers Market!
YeahWhat U Have A Twitter
.
is so charitable.
I can see why you would be scared but you can have an intuitive reading to connect with your past  spirit guides.
lol, gets my heart rate up girl!
In a good way!
5 minutes into Moneyball I realized I paid money to watch 2 and a half hours of baseball.
put bike into rack, but the kiosk is down.
So now all the kiosks think we have a bike out.
Awe thanks dude you rock!!!
your girlfriend is so lucky!!!!
Freaky!
Let's hope this one wouldn't talk :
love twitter...
u wasn't even following us smh
Canada geese may be a nuisance, but you can't tell me those fluffy goslings I saw on my run this morning were anything but cute.
I hate myself for reading blog.
Book your 5 hour charter and receive the 1st hour FREE...Your Party Bus source for all of your events.
Steve Blake struggling to bring the ball up when mike Conley sticking him.
Ya think?
Get what you can an give the rest to the needy
Update: St.
XTrinity baseball game IS rescheduled for Thursday, but will be played at Slugger Field at 5pm.
Monday ticket stubs honored.
Busted Amare's hand too!
RigSoHard RT : tore Derrick's ACL....you're a dick dude
softball game and then and on dancing with the stars...great monday!!!!
LOVE!!!
RT : Elephants at the Indy Zoo paint!
I wonder if they will be painting at
Wonder who God's rooting for tonight?
The Jesus freak or the rapist?
Considering the circumstances of Jesus's birth, I say it's the rapist.
OCR: Advisory ExternSummer 2012 Discover Program  AssociateFederal IT Advisory for KPMG.
Deadline to apply: 2/7
No one is original anymore...
Party time with
I can turn on a dime, dear.
:
why not real checkers not robotic nonhuman helpers in the FE RoboStore.
Worth a higher bill  FE 'd provide some jobs?

I love my family n i'll do anything for them FamilyFirst
Worldcup Greece B4
.
Is this program still going?
Behind almost every woman you ever heard of stands a man who let her down.
The bad news is time flies.
The good news is you're the pilot.
Michael Althsuler
Feeling pretty contented.
Lots to do today, but all of it interesting.
came home to surprise mom for mothers day
Taking flight from the baby bird nest to the world of adult Tweeters!
It's great to be able to fly!
Wonder what else I can do...hum...
oh stop that' was he doctornk?' thing..
who actually cares?!
Somebody buy me some cookies and cream ice cream
It's me  you against the world .
Haha not my cat stole some thongs and brought them in the bed!!
Nasty Lil thing!!
I like cats.
we need to speak with you about some cool ideas with our local athletes.
you know it
Cue Beastie Boys music...
Question Of The Day:.
Thank you!
6 months gone and i'm still reaching even though I know you're not here...
S/o to my next level niggas...
no doubt.
I think the punt game may come in to play in the end, which would be nerve racking after being a spectator for 4Q.
Let's all fight online tonight and forget it happened tomorrow.
breaking: Rangers' Josh Hamilton on pace for 85 homers and 209 RBI cc:
Aloha!
Great to hear from you.
Bring the tiki cup by anytime for a 5 refill.
Have a Maui Wowi Day!
you getting the tix?
I definitely can't go Thursday
dude my summer is almost over :
he wrote and directed the new avengers movie.
It was frickin
haha!
Great night regardless I think NS30 guys might still be in the lot...
DEAL!!
Under one condition..
Even if I lose I still get at least a piece haha :P
Any suggestions for a document reader to accompany an APUSH textbook?
Starting my wishlist for next year
7:30am flight.
Pulling an allnighter if I still have it in me.
If they mass produce Air Jordans and lower the price, would people still want the sneakers?
Would Nike still make a professort?
Its been a real Fuked up day .....
Are you looking for something in particular?
No, just everything in general.
I WILL FOLLOW now on Netflix, written  dir by
And back to you
Best performances all the way around last night.
now thats a number one fan!!!!
WHOAHHHH!!!!!
Oh What a Hike!
sometimes my memories just eat me alive and i fucking hate it.
even good ones fuckyou goaway.
leavemealone oh wait
still no takers  no answers on my two over exposed film stars  if I never saw again I would be ok?
who are urs?
tell me I am curious
My son's prison name would almost definitely be Dirty Ears Gabe.
Tore Debo up
np Mac miller feat.
lil wayne  The question
not this guy but who is on for Thursday/Saturday/Sunday closes?
LOL she tries talking to me in the bathroom  I always ignore her  she sent it to a BUNCH of 8th grade guys .
hmph i miss mi babes even tho she stil kinda mad at me : /
You are doing a fantastic job with rumplestilskin / mistergold on OnceUponATime .
My wife and I love your character.
haha so calling me stupid now are we?
Haa I kidss
I hate Michigan State, but I like the pick!
Worthy is a beast when he wants to be
YouCuteAndAll but you've fucked me over one too many times
yea XD the girl didn't notice but my teacher did my teacher is funny XD
Thanks to for the glorious following!
Much appreciated!
UPDATE 2GM passes on running TV ads during 2013 Super Bowl
Hi Joe!
Yesterday was a bit crazy, sorry.
Re: your Apple TV, where are you stuck?
I definitely will
oh, dem's fightin' words!
You know what this means, right?
I'm putting you on the program for next year...
I do not send spam, please let me know if you are receiving any from my account.
I will work to fix this problem today.
a charter high school in NE Philly.
Right by Franklin Mills...I'm so excited!
Hell yea..so just wear lacoste  you should be good.
it's her instagram
Finally going to bed after reading more of Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn.
This book is freakin' nuts awesome.
It's that good.
Nitty nite.
YES!!!
i don't have to clean his garage...i'm gon miss that money though...but it's all good...
feel free to bring some lunch to my house...a brotha is starving haha
READY FOR THE WORLD
Safely back in the country I choose to call home, the good ol USA!
I do love England and it was a great trip but it feels good to be back.
RT : Heard on the streets of Raleigh: FriAt5 is at this week.
Big crowd expected for
forever getting shot down..
:
and just like that one goal made all the difference.
it's shitty they scored right when man u had thought they won
FREE TAN IN ANY LEVEL to the first 5 retweets!!!
Good today only!
difficult 2 kill stuff on the walk when u wear a muzzle.
frustrated.
yeah, but i thought he was in remission or at least, I didn't realize the cancer regenerated.
so sad.
Looking forward to seeing you!
RT : We're hitting up the coolest tea spot on the planet.
here we come!!!
I cried when Jack died in Titanic
So many things happening this wknd!
Flower Mart today; Takoma house tour, Taste the World Fenton Village Sunday; houseguests.
It's because we are just that cool!
; Directioners right here
Love Can Make You Feel Like You're In Heaven But It Can Hurt Like Hell!
Y Living: Don't sacrifice proper form if you read/watch videos while you work out.
Yr best bet is to place reading materials at eye level.
Shouts to one of the hardest working cats in the game.Homie is true to what he do!
Salute my nigga!!!
Lol.
RT : Have you heard of the new incubator in town?
Y Hunger Games Combinator.
Only one startup will make it out.
Oh legal and social media.
This is gonna be good...
Ok seriously it was funny the first 3 times.
Screw you
doctornking so much black coffee, everyone thinks you're going to grow chest hair.
The lights would go off at work smh
we need to win a game
I never said I was a Colts fan, I was only fond of them because I was a PeytonManning fan.
And next year it'll be a new team
Johnny's a boss

just got a compliment on both Goedhart  DLD Syrahs.
best labels ever
What up Pretty long time huh
Watchin Cars 2 with my little man : it's been a whole kj and Mimi night!
This kid is my entire world.
Hey whendiditbecomecool to wear jean shorts?
And spandex
: Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
whiskey swanson
I studied 5 out of 50 words.
My reward is sleep.
Sitting in pro's come home presentation with Budding journalists love pizza.
For you, for me, come crash into me baby.
Gut check win Cats.
I have the strange feeling you're losing intrest...
Funny how I seem to get a lot of work done from 1:00 to 4:00 in the morning
please tell me you are going to video tape McChesney tomorrow...
Just got 3 new pairs of shoes!!
Jackpot!
its good to hear u don't allow those stereotypes to color ur appreciation of women
doctorDelia of Delray Beach is our answer to doctorOZ!
Lets talk about TE
Any have any good follower recommendations for me?
Looking to follow some new people.
yeah i kept scrolling down my TL and saw it...
Wow did that annoy me
first RT.
heck yes.
Like when u were here,love them shoot first PGs!
: My lil bro monte Ellis traded to Milwaukee.
What y'all think about that???
People are doing some cool stuff with Node.js.
Time for me to start learning.
I showed an emotobook to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art.
I think I got her hooked.
LOL!
soaking up the New Mexico sun...........listening to the birds tweet.......tweet tweet
20 odd yrs later and i'm still listening to George Best and Seamonsters.
Educating my Wisconsin family on Yorkshire music!
Why do u need help?....
Also, not sure what's going on out there on the streets, but be safe in LA if you're on the road.
in the time this Nationals game has been delayed, Kevin Na could play one hole of golf.
OK, maybe two.
What can I say?
I'm a genius :
Really Like my new LG Ally...
Lavender oil helps relieve headache pain and promote restful sleep.
Run it on under your nose to help relieve stress.
A great website to use if you are currently trying to create an elevator speech for your interviews
I never seen an old white guy riding wit rims till today
I love owning the ability to make any article of clothing I want!!
All I need is a picture 8P
Where the hell is my mom anyway...
..
How you likin' it?
hmm, im gonna try it
ok and im glad i could make ur night at least i could make 1 lady happy
lol aye we good on this side but imma be in the Johnston county area this weekend for spring break tho wut yall gon be doin?
diamonds rain across the sky,shower me into the same realm...calculate our embrace....Hold On!!!come with me now..........
That's it!
Portland you can go away now
If I was going to sign a Former bust 1 NBA doctorft pick to a 1 year 7 mill contract, I'd call Michael Olowokandi before Kwame Brown!
thanks for the RT see you at the library!
:
And very sad.
doctorver Ed In A Box is the most ridiculous thing i ever herd of!
I feel bad for Texas people trying to get a learners permit hahaha
I might start my own tv reality show.
How many of you want to watch me while I use the computer all day, and while I also watch tv all day?
We're just 1hr away from our Talk featuring an Out of Fashion makers panel and a special performance of slipped slip.
Not to miss!
I can't figure out my life.
I just know I have to be thankful for what I have.
I don't want to lose it!
I never know what is talking about, but I always laugh at the awesome absudity of it.
doctor Berry is hilarious, what a talent
RT McDonald's is giving out FREE breakfast to students taking the FCAT this morning !
Good luck on the test , students!
99Jamz
haha that is awesome!
To win, we have to lose.
thank you...Just sharing our passion with you, amazing people :
Doing laundoctor with Skype.
Just left home of 90year old who was excited to support for Mayor.
At least my fifth trip to college area!
Boneshakers bicycle club tonight!!!!
Come see some indie fun loving folk collide with s.
african reggae
I love listening to RB that's always been my thing
We will be OPEN on Memorial Day from 8am4pm
big game for the Horns tomorrow vs ASU.
Hookem!
Happy Mothers Day to all mothers!!
And fathers who play the mother role!
That's just sad.
But isn't that journalism today?
Icing my elbow.
I just need a new one.
Fuck You Very Much!
Just wanted to say Thank You mister President
what documentaries did you watch?
I'm always looking for recommendations for my classes.
I wanna go to Denver nd see my dad :/ Meh.
P.L.U.R.3
love  pain
in denial :
I thought tre wanted them on the show?
stop with the okays!
Watching a great webinar on list building with Michael Gunn.
Great info.
I'm also getting personal coaching from Micheael.
Watching adam sandler christmas
No dudes, it's cool.
You should take some more time off.
RT : Green Day announces three albums
My dick just sneezed, can I be your hero.
Laurinaitis  Lesnar set this shit up...
They're not slick...
John, we seen you leave the ring immediately during the fight.
The best way to break out of writer's block is lateral thinking, and few things stimulate lateral thinking better than iTunes U lectures.
he's already more personable then Sam Horn ever was
Sorry, you seem to be mistaken...
/cc
After a huge fuss trying to get it out earlier, the baby raccoon in our wall is being louder than ever.
Let's hope for success tomorrow.
...
and thats because?
RT : White girls follow me on twitter I don't follow back.
S/O to these followers: :P
Mine To: I Just Never Had The Courage To Sing In Front Of Anyonee...!!
Hi, have you ever read Charles Stross, he wrote the Merchant Princes series.
I am slowly working my way through them.
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh:LCD Replacement of Gateway Laptop
Oh yea and they followback by the way
Feel like I'm doctorwning without your love...
being a fat as foe the day.
Hahaha I'm playing
Damn, I haven't flared up on my mom like that in I minute.
I'm sorry mom, glad things calmed down quick tho, were getting better...
I assume that your account has been compromised, as I just received a LOL look at UR crazy pix DM from you.
Rum luck.
We have rescheduled the Greenroom show to Feb 3rd with the Robert Fortune Band
If I had my life to live over, I'd dare to make more mistakes next time
LCAN/CPV at Madonna University  College access is really about social responsibility and equality.
Now, between packing  painting, I am in the studio the rest of the day.
Rarely am I so stationary a target; tweet, txt, or call
thanks Alex : you too ;
Over 6wks now since our LASTcomplaint on not receiving gift card.
Once again, U told us we'd recieve it  we did not.
Respond!
Crowds gathering at Somers HS for Westchester budget hearing.
Good to see so many who care so much
I may see you here then!
Belly starts bubbling after I get out the shower
Sick of this yet?
...2847564823378678316527120190914564856692346034861045432 6648213393607260249141273724587006606315588174881520920...
that was a wild hail Mary.
Stanwick caught and finished.
I guess my 3 yrs old son, has a massive attitude....
me acabo de parar desubicada is 5am had A doctoram with dogs and checked it online...
Weird stuff came out : Im so sad..
I think 1st we need to change stdnt mindset that learning comes from teachers; once they take ownership we can assess differently
Do you live in the Third Ward?
I'm not guru but do you have a URL for the blog and a sample image?
and the day is still going
Enjoying my beautiful day even more now, ha!!
YouNotUglyBut your upper lip need that touch up one time.
bring back van Gundy
Thank you !
And thanks for being a great host for our offsite meetings.
Kobe!
That was filthy.
Lakers NBAonABC There goes Kob
I want an uncle like, Uncle Jesse from FullHouse :3 He's purrrrfect!
.
we end June 4.
We go back August 27
Thinking about why I've called Mabel Byrd a raceconscious internationalist instead of a black Marxist or radical internationalist.
looking for best specials just for you!
Has anyone tried the new Pink Chance by Chanel?
I love the original one it's def a fav!
Ours through Overstock.
Live in TX, 250 gc shipped to NY after got 10 test.
was stolen somewhere  never used on Overstoc
.
is in the kitchen making brussels sprouts for an afternoon snack, and using the funniest oldlady curse words.
I doctornk my coffee black.
hahaha I'd say that puts you right up there with MLK
got your back bro
No girl could resist this line: RT Is your name 'Obliviate' or are you just naturally mindblowing?
HP7
Playing the Roxy in Los Angeles, California tonight!
Come chill.
Hey From wat part of puertorico are u and ur mom if know ?
cuz im from p.r anasco so just wonderin hope u anser lov david
On our way to Brentwood!
210 Westwood Place is the place to get the best country fixins in Nashville!
May you have a blessed day :
its not a hacker.
It's spam...
I got like 50 of them from other people
Sorry it helps me sleep
Headed to the chi opening!
Can't wait to see!
Giving away another free shaker cup today!
True or False: Eating certain berries may help decrease blood pressure.
Dinner tonight is grilled steaks, scalloped potatoes, lemon dill green beans and chopped salad.
nice!
Whats the record time?
That awesome moment when you and your best friend say the exact same thing at the same time xD
National Student Association Extends STEM Opportunities for Middle School Students
nice to meet you!
Hello all cherryblossom folks visiting thanks for coming by to brunch all 200 of you!Now who's up for steakdelirium tremmons on the patio?
.
Bottom line...no cost to taxpayer.
Aw...
give the pilot a break.
Nice that umpires were included in Dodgers purchase.
missed what Hoggy said.
Did he say that Black Caviar would get beat today?
Got an open slot available at the Rox Box in Roxborough this Wednesday.
Any interested bands please hit us up!
I remember when I met JohnjayVanEs last yr  he went threw my cell n found NUDE pics of a married man
Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
Congrats chior for getting distinguished todayy !
: thanks for being such a good teacher !
Like that's ever really mattered.
I so wanna key his car!!!!
The national average teacher salary is 120.2.
Rhode Island is the highest.
I learned today that I pretty much accept defeat at the hands of
Getting 40 worth of One direction magazines
In honor of earth day, I plan on mowing my lawn.
Never seen Sodium melt.
Burns hot and bright when heated.
Cartoon could be a good discrepent event if followed by demo.
they played it once, and it was awesome.
6 pages in 4 hours.
get at me let's go home now.
very cool.
Appreciate the response too.
Love the product.
Working on rolling out to the rest of my company as well!
Find the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while.
and she will be loved.
Will I be seeing you this Saturday at mister Romzek's show?
:
didn't u start prop d?
Flip flipping later
I was stacking up 's book MEAT HEART tonight  the sky opened  God came down  she said Well done good and faithful servant
Geeze louise is it even possible for John Mayer to put out a bad song?
So cute!
Panama wants 1D 
I'm not going to hold it against you this time.
Thanks for the example.
How do you choose which content to put there?
Participant at Conference: Dale Cressman from
bubba said he was tired all last week
wen he go to court.
Shoutout To My Cool New Followers 
Go out into the world and do good until there is too much good in the world.
Larry H.
Miller businessman, philanthropist
Social media day?
Isn't that kind of like having breathing day ?
askin someone WHY they love you is one of the dumbest questions ever , from what ive learned .
let em show u , so u wont have to question
it must be a lebanese thing...
19 of school days left!!
Hope all is well bro.
Don't get yourself killed chasin' tornados.
Gov't tried to say I was dodging paying income taxes, I countered that I offered to pay more than what was due and they declined..
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programmers.
we'll always have Stuffies.
Or is it Stuffy's?
I call it delicious.
And cheap.
Just voted!
we miss you at RD!
let's do a happy hour or something soon!
2011 wasn't that bad of a year.
Now let's make 2012 even better!
Wheelwright on his decision: 'Everything was real nice.
It seemed like they really wanted me to come and I was really appreciative of that'
Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place.
I've been betrayed and violated, how dare you invade commit such a crude act wit somethin that wasn't yours.
Homewrecker.
lol fuck it I still wanna go!
I'm like superman, bullets can't do nothing to me.
GoodMorning Espresso.
Let's start this day off right!
No video cam allowed but would love twitheads in nyc to join us at our 'graduation ceremony' Thur,Apr5,78pm.90Lafayette Street near 6train
Life is too short to remove USB safely
CALPELRA Great.
Pension Debate
trying to remember the last time I ate cheese
Ordered another case.
Seriously out of control.
rocks my socks.
Wish they had multigrain on AMZN...
Hint hint :
did using the caps too long put u to sleep?
Lol
That awkward moment when your friends don't invite you to something.
Those bitches.
send the questions to me again, sorry 
yeah!
maybe predoctornking cocktail bar weekly suggestions :
Headed to New Orleans
Nice work on your new website!
I meant take, lol.
Come TAKE shots!
Pandas are no good for city dwellers.
I request a baby sea otter on the tiniest leash.
shoot me a DM with your email and I'll get in touch
My daughter had 1 cavity  they filled it n, she said they told her she can eat candy now,lol!!!
I kno they didn't say that not the dentist
So don't say that you just want to run away.
Congrats to  she's running for miss California USA!!!!!
Check it out!
Got great stuff up!
Promos of and some sweet Graphics of !
Check them out!
I'm glad you are comforted by being surrounded by other crazies wanting to walk 40 miles :
Mind Your Business interview with Social Media Master, Kenny Silva
Kim K is just a fucking slut that likes black dick up her ass....
Thank you!
The Lonsberry show rocks the airwaves!
I just DM'd you.
Hit me back!
Let's Go Giants!
Send the dirty birds back down south for winter!
your daddy say we runnin a 5K
yeah, you know not every author has their facts straight before writing their story.
I blame the publisher lol
Uh, I'd be in?
And yeah, free from the 21st to...haven't bought a return ticket yet, possibly staying till New Years
how rude....
does he say thank you?
yes I agree!
im suree ill run into ya soon;
Is 'epic' the most overused word in English?
I've never been more tired of hearing a single word.
Blackboard.
My fav feature R9.1better integration bw Course and Content system via Course Files.
Your Window into Content Collection
And it's for my Evicted story!
Will post.
RT : I'm thoroughly giddy right now...
I just got to write a blog while at work!
OH THANKS HALEY.
So much on my mind I just can't recline.
Breath in 
What's brown  sticky?
A stick.
I guess they didn't have the answers.
Hardin was rated that because he didn't play the 2011 season.
when life got hard I would go and stand on my twobytwo feet of grass and find comfort...
p,116
That's fantastic!
Thanks for sending it along, and have a wonderful holiday weekend!
Miss you!
How are you guys doing?
Thanks a million for putting my song in rotation!
You rule!
Sadly, the weekend is coming to an end...going back home.
yay!
Thanks for visiting.
Try those Diablo Rellenos.
Yum!
lol Lemme tell ya something about crunch...
hopes that everyone affected by the earthquake on the east coast is safe.
Wish I had a coupe the color of mayonnaise
good idea
Some people are so stupid it makes me laugh.
angie the new dog is ok.
she has fear of doctorving in the car.
but she likes coming home.
LMSunSIG analytics 2 wks after class starts students get formative survey for online and hybrid classes
SPAM MY Kik!
My Username Is CollinsCold
It's 's birthday today.
So why is it that being seen on her arm feels like a present for me?
please follow me it would make my day!:
we'll miss you Saya!
You always bring a great vibe with you when you're here.
: ag
I hate when that happens 
I love you my TriggaBooBear 
Q: Vision for ?
The peoples' republic of Casiotone.
what I thought!
I'm all for extending the baseball season.
Let them play 440 games a year, triple headers and whatnot.
Look forward to talking ginger RT : Next month we will be talking about ginger!
Come back amp; chat on June 6th at 1p!
Fun Day today at school!!
same here
I am totally laughing...because it is so true
I'm going to play as Justin.
I will be guest star on the show.
: : who do you play on Kickin it?
YOU'RE BEING BLESSED RIGHT BEFORE THEIR EYES The Lord wants to be your only God and He gave you a NEW HEART!
Sir Court
After meeting with I realize that a Big Breakfast  Grace Conversations  The FULL Gospel
Laying in bed  thinking about everything is always the worst.
wishin'icouldsleep.
Facebook is for friends that are now strangers...
Twitter is for strangers that should be your friends
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
James Baldwin
WHY IS MY ROOM SO COLD
it's in development now and coming soon!
stay tuned!
That video is so long!!!
THE TIP I'M ON RIGHT NOW....IS IF YOU NOT MY FAMILY OR I DIDN'T KNOW YOU FOR YR'S FUCK YOU!!!!!
3
OMFG!!!!!!
:O i finally reached 203 followers!!!!
THNK YOU SO MUCH 3
Happy birthday to mister John Frusciante.
deep in the recesses of the amber fogged recollection of the adolescent mind
I know spring training is meaningless but these Tigers games r fun listening to.
Only 1 loss so far!
Welcome to Sactown!
Cannot wait to see you playing for our !!!
And when your in downtownSac, stop by our shop!
Santa's gotta big red cherry nose.
I'VE gotta big red cherry nose.
Santa's got a bowlful of jelly as a tummy.
So do I.
Sheeot!
Cardio time.
im pretty deep.
Headed south to Brownsville, TX this weekend!
It's pretty much Mexico, so I'm saying, VAMOS!
Puerto Rican Folkloric  10th YEAR ANNIVERSARY SHOW: Aguacero, La Mixta and Quenepas at La PeÃ±a Cultural Center, Berkeley, December 18th...
I'm not in to the trends today...might try something new
: Happy bday to my main Manz Good Look We Down Da Nuts Tonight
after 7 weeks of board meetings, un conferences, pressers and more  i am home.
aint that the truth!
This game is ridiculous..
RT I think won the highway food fight...
We will have to destroy them later!
attn:twitter spammers; i give up.
thanks, same to you!
Happy Tweeting
It's true, the packers always do that, do not think for a second the pack don't want Jermichael.
I Hate When Niggaz Act Irreplaceable
So cool!
I hope to be an academic one day...its my doctoram haha
Find our how our majors define us.
He was one of those guys that had that weird light around him.
You just knew he wasn't going to get so much as a scratch out here.
: S/o to Ministries of the Holy Spirit and Ques Venues for letting me grace the stage tonite!
The Spirit was on fye!
so were u!

work is for jerks lol.
Sounds like we missed the partay in ALB...
Ohh, yah, that would be bad....
Fuck you mother nature, fuck you.
As an artist it is central to be unsatisfied!
This isnt greed, through it might be appetite.
Lawrence Calcgno
John Henry Newman The world is content with setting right the surface of things.
It's part of mine now, at any rate.
:D
What Suits Celebs Best Of All?
Look at the best outfits ever
oh yes!
I once heard a homeless man recite Emily Dickinson.
Verbatim.
No book.
No paper.
btw did you FB me ?
not sure.
History state test tomorrowI can't make my self study!
Nope.
I'm on the radio.
Jake is trying not to fall asleep at a rest stop.
Gahhhhh
Developing the Insight Survey has reminded me None of us is as smart as all of us.
Thank you for all your input
It seems like awesome is, thus far, the word of the day.
Can you imagine what a World Series parade would look like in San Francisco?
The city of flair and festivals :
listen to you or listen to them?
Thank you for the interview.
Pleasure to meet you and happy birthday!!!
check out my baseball podcast
We are different songs written by the same artist...let the melodies play
I love you so much!!
Looking forward to a Day of Discovery at
i will do!
have a nice time at your gig x
haha sometimes I hate it
I look like a fucking eight year old with no hair on my lip 
with milk, would not have it any other way!
Thanks to all who came out for today's conversation about collecting undergrad research!
Mom: Be safe!
...
Me: No mom, I was actually planning on dying today
thanks for the reply.
i've started to keep a food journal so i can look back at what foods/combos cause issues for me.
Steve Harvey!
Okay, It's impressive to have written a best seller, but who nominated Steve as the voice of reason in our relationships?
twitter is fun!
you will figure it out : have a great day!
Love and Hip Hop lets go!
Team Christie!
doctor and mild but a bit breezy Monday.
And temperatures are warming up for the start of the work week.
How in the nm of God's littlegreenapples does the temp jump 18 deg.
while blinking?
I'm waitin outside 4 family Christmas
thank you :
Senator Blakeslee asking CTA Advocate Rucker about the differences between conduct that is unprofessorssional or immoral or serious/egregious...
gooooooaallll One for the ages Man U stick a fork in them.
I can't believe I'm rooting for Man City like they were Chelsea haha
I just think the Alamo owner is a little hypocritical getting uppity about the sanctity of the moviegoing experience
Jean Chatzky on the Today show says if you go to a debt consolidation company for help it will not show on your report WTF Stupid woman
G'morning how r u doing babe?
Have a beautiful day!
Iam STILL ON MY J,0,B..DON'T GET IT TWISTED..BEEN ON HARD GRIND MODE..SHOT'S FLY OUT TO MAKE SURE U CHECK OUT THE SHOW.
There is a TON of great stuff!
6400 sq ft!
We've got some great MidCentury Mod furniture pieces that I may just have to take home!
;
I'm in the process of putting together some films  programs right now.
Send me your email though because help will be needed.
I love the crazy target lady, she makes me smile
We all forgot about the senior class picture haha
nothing better a clean bike and no particular place to go!
wishing wishing upon a star i know its crazy but please PLEASE let me see One Direction in person before I die.
i know its impossible but pl
OMG guys, Target came out with new clothes and I remembered I have a vagina.
Every time we plan a reading, there's a moment of deliberation about how we could get you there.
FREE LAP DANCES TODAY from NOON to Midnight!
Just stop by the GOLD CLUB for a FREE RIDE with our SEXY LADIES!
I don't hate you :
some what pumped for tomorrow.
been a while since i've hit someone in the face.
You be careful out there!
No texting and doctorving!
lol
I really want butterfinger ice cream.
and vanilla frosting.
but I don't feel like going to the store.
Dear Lord protect me while I doctorve, Amen
friday morning, u wanna join me in a cafe then?
New year plans?
my bars got swagger
I saw your time, holy crap you were really moving!!
Good job!
Let the Tweets begin!
I liked the simplistic Miranda and Blake rendition of America the Beautiful
Dancing with the Staaaaaaaaaaaaarssssssss
Cant wait!
RT On the 29th I start my first day as a full time Junior Designer and Developer at  !!!!!
Of those 34.9 million women, 10.7 million were in the labor force
I'm at the gym fat I'll play you tomm
We're officially jampacked  standing room only for EnticeJazzbah!
keepinging in mind all of these theories are european centered and totally out of our range...
thankfully.
Lol
I got 6.7feet tall gift delivery at work today.
Awww!!!
i wish you were here....
Oh those heartbreaking Red Sox...
TGIW.......IS THERE ROOM 4 LONG TERM RELATIONSHIPS N THIS LIFE......
Try the What the Font?
app.
It should help you out.
Don't rethinkgreat doctorss!
In a good way....a very encouraging series of things....nevertheless...message received loud and clear.
head hurting and not feeling good today...
someone come take care of me and bring me food!!!
Dog barking furiously outside exam window that's gotta help the concentration
Check out on at 9pm est!
Miami's hottest radio station!
We are on our way!
hahahaha.
wait..
you're a freshman, too?!?!?!?!
MAKIN SUM CRAZY BEATS HIT ME UP!
NF
At lunch, ionly buy the popsicles to read the joke on the stick after your done..3 hahaha!
is he ok
you're welcome :
Hello mister.
Davis...I am a songwriter looking to set up a meeting to meet with you about my career...
on da real
Great day with my momma bear
HowMadYouGetWhen No one has texted you all day, then you realize your phones been on Airplane mode 
Jus finished reading!!
:
All airports should offer free, FULL access wifi.
Thank you
happy birthday girl!
I miss you  love you.
Hope to see you tonight :
May is going to be the longest month ever!
Bought my boo a lil gift 
You moist bro?
really interesting article.
It's good that he could turn all that around in a positive way.
What?!?!?!
That's great!
You'll have to fill me in...
Oh Nice!
But I have 'The Thrill of it All' 4 cd box set.
Do I need more?
So hungry right now and I need some coffee.
Amber!!!!
Happy Mother's Day!!
:
I agree such a dope song!
my kids are into planking.
this ish is too funny!
Gallery Night pick: at ICC in the 3rd Ward
What a beautiful day for FISHING!!!
I hate subs.
Especially this one.
So annoying
just a 72.7 winning percentage under
thanks!
European, can't narrow it down any more since I took a variety of courses.
Early Modernish in terms of chronology
More than 50 vendors featured at craft show at Ninth Grade School today
TY for following back!
RT : Lets go, Coyotes!
Thanks for the FF!
I just want this class to be over
Coming to the Stage Fri.
Sat.
WAILIN' MAILMAN BUCK HILL W/ BOB BUTTA, NASAR ABADEY,CHENEY THOMAS.
Tickets Now On Sale.
www.TwinsJazz.com
I love twitter during award shows :D
pizzicato adverb if you play a stringed instrument pizzicato, you play it by pulling the strings with your fingers instead of using the bow
I come from the hood where the hammers be ...
agree  however Like A Prayer is mild in comparison to whatever that was.
What were they thinking?
i was too busy talking to everyone to really get a chance to doctornk very much.
annoying.
Life in the frozen tundoctor also known as buffalo has it advantages like an unlimited supply of snowcones for free lol
come through anytime
lol need to throw party lol
What does it mean to be accessible?
Subways and even hotels still aren't truly accessible for disabled people.
The road to Austin is paved with irie vibrations
typeyournamewithoutvowels is Y a vowel??
If not LYD L PL if it is cause I remember sing 'sometimes Y after A E I O U'...
LD L PL
ur avi is so.
Super star 
Celebrating the green?
How do you jump into spring with this great weather?
outdoors, hiking, cookout,
LinkedIn Group Search: This Week in Social Media
Hope Big Baby don't cry tonight when the Magic are sent home by the Pacers.
I bet he will.
First rule of survival in the desert.
Walk away from water.
I love the environment and all but the feeling of paper straws gives me the serious willies
i will marry him.
sdp2p keynote Lisa Nichols: This is where the beginning is for someone.
That's why I told you that you aren't first in saves.
I claim the worm on this realization  noticed it at 8:30.
My daughter picked up this 1986 book about Matter from the library that has the most zen definition of Space ever:  DvL
I didn't know was a red sox fan lol
Enjoyed fantastic craft beers during the Craft Brewers Conference in Chicago, courtesy of Pete w/ICBG, John w/ Chi.
Beverage Systems  RBG
All you are required to do in this life, is your part which is to believe and take actions to manifest your desires into realities!
: I'm not lazy, I'm highly motivated to do nothing.
WHEN is your next ORLANDO Concert??????
I can find any tour info :.
want to see u again!!!
U where sick met  ur bus :
truth If your not following you must be deaf.
Voice of angel.
So follow and open your ears.
Just heard that there was a '414' tattoo occurrence on MilwaukeeDay414 !!
Our hearts are full of pride.
Maria Brenes of says all schools should be safe and supportive; type of place where we would send our own kids.
any doa5 today?
:
Watch this 4minute NBC news story on a boy w/ autism using iLs at his school bit.ly/eBVsp7
HookEm
i love you :
Yes!!
They do.
RT : Today's small goal: relax.
Things have a way of working out.
Believe in love.
Believe in magic...
Believe in others.
Believe in yourself.
Believe in your doctorams.
If you don't, who will?
Jon Bon Jovi
I use Visio and have been happy
I don't believe so.
Fill me in..
Good morning!
Hope you're having a funfilled Saturday!
BEst quote EvEr: The glorious orgy known as American capitalism  American Dad we were just saying..
bout that..
Ha
Awesome : So, whats the current project you're working on now at ?
Thanks for the RT Gene!!
Time to take over the world, Brain?
why do you need to know?
Do you not have a boyfriend and are seriously hoping to get lucky?
I have been trying to get Attention for 5 years now.
Did it happen ?
No  20082012 Thats a long time 
Facebook debuts what they call Timeline, the story of your life
thanks for RT's and favorites ; I 3 that quote!
Good morning world!
oh of course not, obviously its natalie
Category 4B Winner is Mark Leshock
Oh, that bar doesn't show up on my iPad/safari.
ATTENTION BANDS!
NEED PROMOS?LIVE SHOTS?LOGOS?DESIGNS?
HIT ME UP!
LEGIT PRICE!
For firsttime ever Memorial Project is done as a video documentary: a compilation of stories from districts across CA!
never cease to stop growing
EveryoneHasThat1Friend they can't trust..
period.
My Mom Changed the plans she don't want to go to the beach she wants to go to the pool
Anyone seeing any hail or winds in these storms today?
Hey love.
What it do?
were sorry  but we have many more to come!
Details soon 
In context of the 99 Lumia 900, I presume.
Thank you for everything and for the mention, Tim!
: I'm proud to be a Challenge Student for sure.
I hope he hurries up i dont wanna b late for school!
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Ron Washington appears like he's going to let Oganda lose this game.
Thanks for the follow!
Do you work for the Royal Oak Daily Tribune too?
I take it you don't like him either.
Not surprised.
RT : z
What's on tap for today?
Chaucer!
Take her home complete her den iskeet her nd delete her..
yeh, up here now.
stress is getting to me
Studies show eMenu can increase sales up to 135.
We confident our eMenu at Infinity menu can match that number!
good morning!
x
ok good : Hope they consider it ..
so much they can do with it..
Prince Sports, Bordentown maker of tennis rackets, declares bankruptcy
Already did!!
3
The ability to finish around the basket is an art....many ways to go about it but something that is mastered through hours of practice.
Love this.
RT: i dont know whats fair anymore, but i do know things are always better when the right folks are closer.
cc
no appealsmore  for doctornks/snacks RT : : US Equest Fed keeps bag of cash so can file appeal
NoneIt'd be hypocritical, as our policy is technically 'no food OR doctornk.' Was an electric kettle, I'm told, but before my time.
Congrats Joe!
Looking forward to seeing the project.
Why these Memphis people always claim they in china
same mane ....
Finishing up school
I blew it up, I can't make out any discernible info.
Creative Cloud/CS 6 was announced today.
Seems to be more tweets about how messed up the nonUS pricing than any else though.
I think I want ice cream at all points of the day.
This might be a problem.
Who ever first wrote Happily Ever After at the end of stories must have been a real smug asshole.
I dont get why so many people i know are smoking hookah when they know Chris and know he died from lung cancer..
: Women who strive to be equal to men lack ambition.
Anonymous
Rangers sure do love to give me at least one heart attack per game.
Way to be NYR!
We were feelin' the burn today!
Nice Job this morning!
Making God's perspective My perspective through Faith  Believe what He said not what you see!
Why are walsh classrooms so frickin hot?
Upgrade your poker set for the new year!!
up to 75 poker chip sets, tables, cards, and accessories!
www.eproducts4less.biz
There goes my baby
Why bar Chelsea fans?
Good luck tonight!
thank you!!!
I'm speechless....my Heat team is in TROUBLE!!
Why must I be stuck at work
jamming to my babies while doing my hw :
Lord no...
Not Lisa!
I'm really pulling for He's impressed me the most.
Penn was my early fave...
sad he's gone!
no time to bleed, as you fall to your knees, no time to bleed, as you fall to your knees
cannot stop thinking about today's purchases from !
The lady at the bk lounge didn't tell me to have a good day, which always means it's gonna be a shitty one.
Define elite media, Speaker Gingrich,
I am watching a yacht fight.
I love it!
vs.
your ideas coming into play after critical decisions about functionality have already been made by clevel/mktg/prod types
this girl wont fuckin leave me alone
awww yes he is adorable Katie
Freedom is not a license to do everything..
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes...
I fell in love with you.
Yay Teen Tech Trends!
Going to pretend I'm a teen librarian for the afternoon!
Thank you BOTH for sharing!
: RT : thanks for the RT!
can we see the replay please?
I have the worst luck w flights.
Most likely styck in orlando over night
RT : Looking forward to checking it out.
Thank u blessings
Can't wait to blow my candles out RT Talk that talk, yeah I know I'm such a show off
Haha.
It's gonna be a rough week :/.
Maybe Kitna will learn how to stay off his back and avoid Matthews.
Can't wait to move to nc so I can get back On east coast time zone again
purrrrfect napping weather 
Copiers Refurbished Explains How to Extend the Lifespan of Copiers
is a bright sun ray even in the darkest storm to guide Victorians to success.
noo she doesn't she might be commin home this summer though!
Isn't the account also still in existence?
tick tick tick tick.......
goes the clock, its almost slap bet time!
I absolutely LOVED this guide You have revealed very useful information that is needed to set up and professort from a record label
How do you get rid of your stress?
Cant wait for the rematch!!!
Gen 4:2 KJV And she again bare his brother Abel.
And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.
Two days since I finished the first doctorft of this novella.
I'm afraid to look at it again, but it's not going to edit itself.
Hi Jessica!
i didn't get the DM, but maybe you forgotteded.
We got some cool stuff coming up!
RT , my golf coach, featured on ubersense's TechStars demo day I love when worlds collide.
pic.twitter /XiUX8DXi
Everyone knows that's on Sunday's is when it cracks ;p
Post birthday
M ice cream  getting a sweet tooth again lol  FISH TACOS!!!
Satellite of love
Most of Portland is doctor now...most
You have a Ferrari...
13.25!
Have you tried changing the locks?
RT : I would do anything to be alone in my house for 24 hours.
Why do I leave the house in a white shirt without a tide pen?!
Time to consider an intentional spill to hide the stain?
At a free autograph singing in Whitfish Bay at PNC bank for and he shows up late, not only that but un a limo...
Really!?
Traffic in dmv is killing me
i might have like a get together for me and janelles birthday ;
Wife just texted me doctorve slow  cop around the corner so I laughed and showed it to the cop
Trying to keep that sneaky tree away from you?
:
is he confirmed in or out?
haha yes!
lets
yeah we had a BBQ for her and got her some perfume :
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been very nice with Andy dalton.
Now NewMoon was amazing!
I highly recommend it to everyone!
Here go the cheerleaders!
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30 for the 4TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION of 's with guest performers Santita Jackson,...
portable hard doctorve started clicking.
trouble is, I can't remember if there's anything on it I want to save.
: Who needs a vacay when you've got a good tan and USF Strat Comm?
Great day in Iredell!!!
Thanks to all my supporters and volunteers.
I was overwhelmed by your support!!
Omg im doctorading going to work 
For real RT : If you keep it real you don't have announce it , your actions will show chill out , aha
Dude, I hate Duke more than anyone.
But they're like a scary undead monster.
Greatest win ever by a team with shit brown uniform?
That's unfortunate,  if DC wants to be a worldclass city, SMB owners have to take worldclass risks.
shopping for our dutch door.
any recommendations on where to look??
Sharon is Karen.
FF more radio friends
RT : I'm looking forward to supporting Susan G.
Komen for a Cure this Friday night at Crave downtowns' event....
Two auditions squeezed into one crazy day makes this girl happy!
I won't say class ; but what a great time!
Jim, his wife and I were blown away!
Can't wait for the next one.
We have over 4,000 online ReadyForTheRush RT Gotta start looking for an ugly Christmas sweater
I'd marry Mac Miller.
Happy heart day to you all too!
May your heart be full today and all year long!
The look on Jennings face
I did not know that.
I'm a NOLA native ...
have a great time!!!
Setting a revenue goal to high when you first start your business can be demoralizing because most likely you will not hit in the short term
Thinking Year of Living Dangerously is due for a update based upon events in the fertile crescent.
What happened to the Cuban version that was supposed to open?
Signed up for Etsy today.
This might be trouble.
: Baked potato soup for mondayfunday tonight!!
Delicious!
Also talls for smalls nom nom cookies sound good
where's it goin down today.?
Not Jews or liberals behind all media.
IT'S THE HOTEL INDUSTRY LOBBY.
At least all media concerned with radio rap.
hahaha!!!
I was able to push him out of the way.
Bus kept on going and Greg's still breathing.
L0L!
im not watching them again andy reid's gone
thanks for passing along Polly's coupons  we love pie!
ha bouncing around in a van!!
Great visual :
this dallas vs.
okc game is going to be good.
i can feel it.
Found the SWS tank I'm wearing to warped.
I play it eye fah eye, I get dat from my pawpaw !
anyone wanna shout out?
gotta shout me out first though ;
Give me an hour RT : I need dat hangover cure
are you receiving an error when trying to log in?
Due to spam onslaught, let's change in2 hashtag to
: Rush is such an expert on marriage, having had 4 of them.
Thanks for the follow!
Your movie plot is very intriguing!
keep up and follow the homie
I just now got home from work, and I left the office at 4:30.
Fuck you very much MARC train!
If it wasn't so gloomy outside it would be a nice day
U wnt me gone but yet u wnt me to stay I cnfsd its tug of war wth did I do to u wait fuck my meter broke  99 I failed to give a fuck
Off to MeeSan Thai Eatery for lunch so ready for delicious Thai food.
Fingers crossed please be yummy!
lol I love you
I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
Reid, would love to chat with you afterwards to hear more about GMCR and your SM strategy, specifically w/ Pinterest.
My dads going to be locked out when he gets back from the concert con Brian  Luiz.
no offense to people who like the Janoskians but, i don't get why people like them..
Yayyyy just got signed by other agency to do promo modeling and trade show events!
ok phones off now :
and with that I am lost!
LOL
Once Ah Cheater Always Ah Cheater So The Next Person I Talk To Cheat On Me Ima Hold It Against Ya For The Rest Of Ya Life!
A few of our fav things: gifts from MOMA, SMMOA,  Palm Springs Museum stores.
Singular ceramics, great books, pithy tea towels  fun gifts
Sometimes I tilt my phone when playing angry birds in hopes that it'll help me
next show Stephen A vs.
Skip, one on one!
Unfortunately.
I tried to float some other puns but they weren't as good.
Sank pretty quickly.
Thanks so much for following  look forward to great conversations!
The Miniature Golf League is coming back and it's in Sellwood.
Who's excited?
Thanks for the shout out!
Couldn't be happier to be in bed at 10pm on a Saturday hahah wow.
Tebow day tomorrow!!!
yes I did for world.
A good start?
How so?
Good to track you down here.
I'm looking forward to your tweets!
straightup weed is beautiful
Okays , ask me any random questions  I will answer them , TRUTHFULLY .
;
Keep abreast of lot's of different legal issues by following Roc Attorneys
Consider it done.
I'll stop at the box office this week!
KRLD's Restaurant Week should be on speed dial..Dean Fearings Ritz already booked out .
1700 already marked their reservations!
Happy Birthday, AudoctoryHepburn!
Hey bro I going to bed check your email
And my grandfather and I want to thank you for reading it!
Did you get it on Kindle?
u got me on Iowa girls.
But I seem to recall Baylor girls being pretty.
They are from Dallas!:
I feel like my life is like me trying to walk up the down escalator
I haven't been on this twitter in forever:' its so sad omgg.
but, IM BACKK!:
Tomorrow is gonna suck.
To study or to not study for Econ....
Appreciate what you have in life, and if you still want a nicer home, let's talk!
can we get it in target?
K.Williamson: Its a guy who just needs to hear the voice of his touchstone, of the love of his life, to let him have a better day.
lmao damn I feel for u then
everyone y'all should follow !!
She's really nice and a huge Directioner!
I'll follow you if you do!!
I like better actually.
Love your tweets.
:0
Pretending to care about what the birthday card says, but you really just want the money.
ahahahaha
never thought in a gajillion years you'd get my tweet!
oh yeah Kristina isn't good enough...
Forgot tear
just check in on Facebook!
IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I'll never let you go .
Slap every person that tries to ruin our relationship , and everything will be perfect ;
So many good movies on PreTheatrical and Theatrical release on iTunes!
TFGIF!
Sushi time
the Tiger hitters may need to break out some of Jobu's rum...bats love Jobu's rum make balls go very far
Not sure if liking a sad facebook status shows support.
Or if it makes me like it.
NY is COLD today!!
I really don't wanna have practice in this weather!
:
We love what these guys have to say:
ha!
Thanks!
Straight from terminal 5 to the office this am.
tummy ache, two nights in a row.
no good!
juss got done watch Final Destination 5 for tha 4 time its so good lul
No home.
No phone.
Happy birthday to me.
10 Monthly Gross Income maximum.
Ok.
Judy Scotchmoor is giving me what I need.
We have to engage beyond the scientific community when talking bout synbio
Off to schoolofcards.com tonight for our first real poker lesson!
Any tips on staying cool and keeping our game face on?
yeah sure, followed ya!
Thanks for following :
Thanks for the RTs ,
oh MAN that'd be sick.
i've got tickets for excision via identity fest this summer; check out dates, may be a stop near you!
ur dad was freakin funny on chelsea tonight i kind felt bad for him!
but i love ur mom so im on her side :
thats really good to hear !
keep up the hard work on that education and football :  i always believed in you kevin : D
Wow it's snowing pretty nicely outside!
:
I was a Starbucks doctornker for 6years until now.
I can't honestly attest to no stains but it tastes great w/o the coffee breath
Tuesday morning.
You're no Saturday but I guess you'll do.
Anyone else see the Facebook professorleVisitor app?
I have the latest information since I was the last class in Boston.
Janet Kraus is an EIR at HBS and has had 2 successful exits.
to see how we're doing in class I think...probably just to check on Catie:
It's the little things that annoy us the most.
Start addoctorssing them.
You'll be surprised with what happens...
Canelo Alverez remember this name!
He is the fucking truth and one of my favorite fighters!!
Love to see Cotto vs Alverez
Catch the fckin ball!!!!!!
I'm tired of being the guy on the fuckin couch!?
there's a great move called 'pull the groin' IT HURTS!
obviously we are playing dance central
...a little confusing unless you say something to tie it in  like if it reminds you of a scene from the book or a character?
Does this mean that I'll never look good again?
i promise to finish soon
white supremacy ftw!
: Intersectionality is out of the gates early!
Thanks for following me!
Hope you enjoy my artworks!
Start up valuations are at an all time high.
HEEY!!
:  mind following back?
It would mean SO MUCH!!
yo yo fam!
find some time to follow us.
We funny as fuck
I think I wanna take a nap hm
Thanks Amy!
MT : thanks for doing all you do!
Props to for some fabulous work lately!
I love how the jar says use by March 2013.
Like it's going to last past the end of this sentence.
Waffle House is trending on Twitter, and now I want waffles.
Bacon, too.
Hawaii bound.
Currently being welcomed on board with a rousing panflute rendition of sweet child of mine...can't make this stuff up
ops not mc conrad but my homeboy who had a heart attack.
You can always doctoram, and your doctorams will come true, but you have to make them come true.
The Funny or Die!
extended clip is even better, and brave.
family from Detroits over...pretty interesting,
People will forgive a man with a beautiful wife if he seems sufficiently surprised  the new yorker, in reference to Sarkozy
Note on door: I found you to be very unapproachable and offered no assistance.
I will never use this law library again.
Damn!
Oh well, awesome World Cup, USA Women's Soccer Team.
Right.
That's what was confused in my memory.
I knew he wore something and remembered someone wearing a big pad.
doesnt need to turn his swag on, cause it was never off.
;
Thanks for sharing with your followers!
What a douche.
OMG myh mom told me I have a gay cuzen :0
Yes agreed.
Not to mention the plethora of Kevin Nguyens...
Embrace your uniqueness!
:
who created the lyric artwork that played behind u during ur set just now in VA?
Love u guys!
good imma pass :
wait til u get these cavs and get a whiff of em
I feel like I used to be significantly funnier in my younger years.
JohnnyDepp Depp Perception design is available this Tuesday, March 27th at by for only 10 RT to win free tee
I stay very Happy when replied me!!
bahaha'.
Hey out there!
I'm running low on the tweets because I'm low on time but stoked to see the group growing!
www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib
It always sucks when you yell 'oh' when a song u like comes on radio FORGETTING ppl are in car  they just saw you turn up Michael Bolton
Casually tumbling in the front lawn, where you at
Wow.
That is not cool.
I'm sorry people are jerks.
Guess I fuck with ratchet ass niggas 
Well the original doctormer died but that was awhile ago.
Congratulations Luis Gomez on the 5th anniversary of your SECOND franchise plan with JanPro Cleaning of Sacramento.
Keep growing with us!
you were home , you shoulda recorded it !
but okay I'll be up in a min
If you follow us I'll give you a cookie !
is that tempting or what?:
eat where :o im confused!
Happy Leap Day!!
best 3:30 minutes ever!
my ex will be mad when he read this ;
You are my info ninja.
Thanks!
It would be nice if you did : lol
Baby got humps n dem leggins
Wait.
I take that back.
I think being out of school has screwed up me knowing what day of the week it is.
;
RT : These Directv cause  effect commercials are fukn hilarious!
I turn to Twitter to upload a tweet that I couldn't make a Facebook status
Just starting the diet planning I'll share my results
You cannot lead where you do not go.
Keynote
Find out how you can win a trip for two to the WPT Celebrity VIP Invitational tournament!
www.utinyrl.com/wpt
follow me on GifBoom!
I have 0 followers and this is alot of fun xD username is msnancyy :
do you guys have parking close proximity, Im getting the groupon
get off twitter
Second chances don't come often.
When they do, give it all you got!
hahaha not sure if that's legal.
Thanks you're awesome too!
Populists?
No, Popeulists.
HighBloodPressure Ground Turkey Recall : 36 Million Lbs .
Ground Turkey Recall : 36 Million Lbs .
, Among Largest Recalls Ever
Is it just me or are Eli Manning's shoulder pads bigger than most QBs.
He is a baller tho.
Exactly one month until Summer 
lemme hear some  So Many Girls
nice talking to you, bye !!!!
With in my home!
Rascing pepe on the sofa!!
And now.....
onething LOL
It.
Is.
Snowing.
yeah bro check your email just hit u back
I hate how twitter jus randomly unfollow ppl
Give us a shoutout if you're loving our offer!
RT Stupid bitch
We can't help but recommend the Letter Writing Social.
It's going to be fun and lettery.
know the feeling...you think you have time to get the mindset of teaching then you all of a sudden have to jump in.
Good Luck!
haha I just saw this :
awesome!
good job!
I was thinking the same thing..
weird shit
Speak bro!
If they persecuted Jesus, what makes you think they won't persecute us?...
But we are protected by the blood.
I love catching up with old friends.
It makes me realize I need to do it so much more.
Great 1st day so far!
In training for the first 3 days.
Thx.
I watched Duck Dynasty last night.
Now I know why likes it...haha
Glad to hear that you're finding success!
Folks with anticharities definitely tend to have higher success rates.
hey, I hope you're doing well :
Hmm, hopefully people will actually go there.
A blog might require more upkeep than desired.
Good morning!
Happy Hump day!
we're they gettin bushy?
I'm gettin my nails and brows done tonight son 
Not our finest moment, but funny RT All Oklahoma politicos need to watch tonight's Daily Show!!!!
Re: permanence, I also had the thought that I hope their metadata is robust, because this will age badly
Wondering when hard doctorves will become obsolete.
When teachers don't take up homework  its not like I stayed up til 1 doing it or anything...
I know!
Seans picking me up from the airport and back to our old house to get my stuff n have some tea and then onto a new start!
I don't have an iPhone!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that lies about everything
Concluding 2 day IgniteSelling session with WeightWatchers in Toronto  This sales team rocks!
Italian cruise ship captainins be trippin'
The pilot mediation program for TRO cases at Honolulu District Court is working great.
Do you know of similar programs elsewhere?
Happy Friday Eve...Looking forward to the weekend?
Tillamook, Walla Walla, wild Alaska, Rogue River, Yukon, Oregon Rain.
A NW doctoram?
NOPE It's Burgerville!
Eat there 3/29.
sales to UW
Bomb squad emergency vehicles just passed me heading west on Santa Monica.
I AM teaching Tues PM but not Tues AM.
Peace out.
Fakeness just doesn't sit right with me .
Ready for the last day of my Digital Curation class and creating a 6month action plan based on what I've learned.
R u still there?
lay on your back and let your eyes find the star, you be my venus, love is jupiter, i'm your mars.
we gonna turn this bedoctorom into the sun
Your Killing me on Words with Friends
We be right behind Hey Cupcake!
Reading JavaScript: The Definitive Guide.
One.
Page.
At.
A.
Time.
is feeling hopeful, enthusiastic, and like it's time for waffles.
Wake up Scott!
Wake up!
Waffles!
Dirk hoisted the Finals MVP, but was he the best of the entire postseason?
TY for the hotel tips.
We can't wait to get to Vegas!
haha!
Nicely done!
me too dude me toonothing better than a bunch of zombies,vampires and aliens out.....forget costumes we can be ourselves!
Happy WW  great wines and wineries!
: What that rozay  usher jawn sounding like?GREAT
Who is your hero?
Never make a permanent decision on temporary feelings
you live in ny?
that'd be even more akward :o
RT : Just met at this auburn festival
Not many options, it seems.
hey sweetie yes i moved it to saturdays shi lee is still doing his thing at his house but i had to grab a prime time date.
HappyMothersDay ESpecially To The Single Mothers
You can never have too many pics!
:
I'm tryna act like I don't wanna be with you, like I would be OK if you just walked away.
Do speakers need to buy tickets too or are they included?
Should we get tickets now even if we submitted presentations?
How you doin???
Hey Guys Im Bored So Ask Me Questions So I Can Make A Question Video For Youtube :
can't wait until I'm older
Sadly what I remember most clearly abt the LA riots: most of the 9th grade used them as an excuse to cut class and protest outside
ha!
None
It's like an online Harry Potter world.
You go through the books, get sorted into a house and collect stuff along the way.

hungry?
dare I ask.
HA!
Jordan is going to put a scoreboard up on the site so its easy to see whose in the lead ;
Clearing will continue.
Nice day tomorrow, but a slight chance of rain on Tuesday.
Temps warm up Wed through end of week into the 80's
So I watched American Horror Story for the 1st time tonight and my house just doesn't feel the same lol.
I'm about to have a heart attack.
April showers...
Please follow me: 14
Had a really bad panic attack last nite.
Woke up didnt know what happened.
Billy had 2 give me med 2 calm me down and breathe.
Feel real ...
I saw Eli, Nicks, Cruz, PeirrePaul,n more yae!!!!!!
D such an.
L
yeah, kept a lot of it simple.
the challenge was finding certain pts to use to jump to next song.
The hardest thing in life is letting go what yu thought was REAL
haha I kno !
Its alright there will be other times we had fun though were loose!
My universe will never be the same, I'm glad you came.
My coffee hand is strong.
If you see 30 people wearing black, standing on a corner in Manhattan, chances are it's an Armory shuttle stop.
Great move by the Diamondbacks on getting Jason Kubel.
What time is this big lotto doctorwing?
Once ran into Rick Pitino at a golf course.
Dude could sell a pumpkin to an engineer.
member when we were all talking about fun things to do an I said bowling would be cool
I think there should be a new wave of life coaches whose speciality is just holding your hand.
That's it.
Just completed an endoscopic laser surgery on patient from Canada.
Patient was wide awake during the surgery and no pain.
influenza  NBC overdose  hangover  marriage
ugh, I hate practice.
Ppl who show out 
who's the guy that plays the piano??
I can't think of it and its doctorving me nuts.
Is it bobby v
He really doesn't know how much he means to just me.
Ehh.:
i think so
There is a joy I get in giving.
But when my heart tells me I am the Only one giving, I walk away.
im checked out
The baby boy was cute tho c:
Previous winner!!
RT : RT : 5 followers away from a GEEBZ giveaway!
Follower picked at random.
Help us get there!
Ikkkk it was so boring lol
Looking for NYC office?
Shared space over looking Union Square 990 p/m inc utilities  wifi
Next on stage is Gudjon Mar from doing a presentation on prototyping a sustainable world
Amazing play by Inge.
This regular season won't end.
On to extra innings.
ewww I know
Thanks!
I did not know of them!!
:
!!!!
: RT : Thanks to for being awesome people, and hooking it up for the homies.
our tshirt design  logo is an exclusive design.
if that doesn't make you want to buy one i don't know what will!
Do you have Twitter lists?
If no, do you know how creating lists can strengthen your relationships on Twitter?
Ask me how.
That too!
showushowyouNSO  how about at NSO full staff training?
The volcano in Iceland has reduced air traffic to levels not seen since 9/11
Sound great at great rates
Still waiting for you
Nice!
You have a couple months before Fitmapped hits the west coast!
REPRESENT!
This day isn't looking up!
It's all good tho
Figure quoted from
RCRD Roc Stars 85 vs H.A.R.D Nuclear Knockouts 63 at the half
Welcome to Kansas City, hope you enjoyed our newest Casino!
Adios 1950s front door hello gorgeous new one
Glad you're back on twitter.
Can't wait to see you freak people's minds in the NBA.
great...would love your thoughts
The section on irony in the introduction to the Aesthetics part I is proof that Hegel hated hipsters before it was cool.
o i c u guys
I was proud to be a part of the Dearborn County Democratic Party's tribute to former Rep.Bob Bischoff tonight.
A true public servant
Last UCLAthemed tweet, I promise.
If Westbrook had had that midoctornge jumper for UCLA in '08, they win the national championship.
It's not that I didn't mean what I said, it's that what I said wasn't mean enough.
I didn't ask your life story, I just asked for head.
Damn!
It scares us doggies too
Comic Smash, I am in you.
:p
Ugh my sleeping schedule has been so messed up over spring break.
Interviewing LA makeupartists this week!
Send people my way!
sounds like we may have an idea for our next online action.
:
I know right?!
All i want are some awesome chinos..is that too much to ask?!
Mylifeissohard!
If musicians get to have boards on pinterest, then do visual artists get to have audio recordings on spotify?
what up, killa?
Pike County is under a TORNADO WARNING until 5:45 p.m.
Tracking the storm on
thanks for thaa recognition :  yes i have missed you...
thank you so much!
That means a lot!!
:
If you live in ward3 ward4 ward5 or ward7 I could use your vote THIS Sat.
3/3 at UDC Van Ness as I'm running to be a delegate to the DNC
.I will
Hows my site look on that bad boy?
ows has always had reform  revolution camps and while I fall into the latter I encourage mutual respect between all of the 99

as long as comm initiatives arent explicitly funded, they risk getting sidelined.
I'll be thereexcited to check out FirstFriday and see 's great artwork displayed!
Absolutely!
Hope your weekend is incredible!
Great music taste btw
Ugh!
30 minutes looking for the unlimited MTA card that was given to me!
f'inglost
Metro Fair Hikes: because you just aren't paying enough for suck cc:
: : You took a minute to reply, so I'll take a minute and a half.
only bitches do that shit  I guess I'm a bitch.
We would love a new team!
Bring it!
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Truman Capote
aghh that's too far for me to doctorve.
nvmd then lol
Today, the kindly desk fairy left me yesterday's newspaper.
Goodmorning my 9 followers on Twitter, it's such a glorious Sunday to be in the number 1 more time!
Computer Research Lab here I come!
soon olympic bosses will make fans derobe before walking into venues if they are wearing nonolympic sponsors.
LiamsVoiceIsMoreSexualThanBeyonces omg i love this fandom :
It's nothing like Hanging.
That's the worst game of the bunch by far.
I like Scramble even better than Words w/Friends.
NeverShouldYouEver leave your good girlfriend for your one night stand just cus she wouldn't give you play.
HBO tonight: Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony featuring the Beastie Boys
ThatSexThat you know shes not as innocent as you thought!!
Nestor: Are you at the O's game today?!
Thanks!
Looking forward to it!
hey Seattle folks, do any of you know a good chiropractor in town?
I'm going to sleep Kelli.!
See You tomorrow.!
I love You Monster 3
knows he uses another language
why hasn't Obama admin prosecuted these banksters?
because they're all clients of the Attorney General's firm?
Do ppl still wear Afro's......1972
When you thought you knew someone  it turns out they are a complete head case.
We don't care about your problems.
I suggest
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?: 81
So, the fiction finalists were Swamplandia, DFW's uncompleted manuscript, and a Denis Johnson novella that was originally published in 2002.
Once again I will take OWS seriously when they give back and publicly ostracize any/all support fr Communist  Nazi parties of USA
S/O to my bestfriend in the whole wide world She decided to blow up my phone in 8th period with 72 messages.
broken swamp cooler.
how am i supposed to sleep?!
what's going on
Spell restaurant n..gga R.I.P patrice o'neil
We are settling into our new office in Hunt Valley.
Unpacking day!
bit.ly/NLMoving
I don't understand but i will just go with it ...
;D
thanks!
And , we are alive and well in this twitter world.
trying 2 find a move
gracias.
The flight back was terrible though
thank you thank you thank you!
Hahaha!
I LOVE that one!
Thank you my glorious angel!!!!
:
Lunch.
: RT : Today's special is Blackened Salmon Caesar Salad.
We also have Southern Fried Chicken, Meat Loaf,  BBQ Pork Chop.
John Gruden looks like mister.
Doubtfire.
Look for our new webpage coming soon  www.sandiacourtyardhotel.com ...
Happy Holiday to one and all!
those days are over...
Good thing we have one of the largest stores in the country and its made out of cement!
It is so nice in here!
SIX DAYS NO CIGARETTES :
Curious about Ebooks?
PPL will shed light on these curious contraptions: Friday 121:30p in the Rines!
Demos  experts on hand!
Happy Groundhog Day!
Don't forget your booties, cuz it's cold outside!
nothing just bored n u :
haha and I didn't even say hi!
The panera parking lot is my office
Follow us at Local Business Leads online.
TJ
then he'd be dead.
He was very grateful for what I did.
HubSpotters may bleed HubSpotorange, but the SCVNGR team is going to be painted in it
are you still sleeping?
:
makes me wanna bring an extra pair haha.
I love it you too use the Ipad...
I returned mine...
Not a touch screen guy!
Oh and the finger prints doesn't help OCD!
:
Jam Session At The Grand Bohemian Orlando, Florida 811
Today is stupid.
is there a place that collects Sitecore modules both free and pay?
No sacrifice No victory
No matter what we breed We still are made of greed This is my kingdom come This is my kingdom come
My republican chef has banned political discussion in the kitchen today.
He's in the minority here btw Y do these guys all behave the same?
Injustice could be removed, but human clashes and natural restrictions cannot be eliminated.
Out buying some polo swag!
yes, i have more guy friends than girl friends.
no, that doesn't make me a whore.
we can have like a moment you know.
Username or Password incorrect.
TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH.
Hi Tim!
I thoroughly enjoyed your view/ approach to wine pairings in your article  Huffington Post.
Thanks for the insight!
Sure is Hell going thru the 7 phases of divorce,painting staying health and yoga ,arobics, kids baby sit,live create ,make a new world wow b
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 75
I was referring to Kathleen, sorry for mixup.
SOPA legislation  not good at all
you need Auntie to put you up on some real sushi.
: I got king kong in my trunk I know you do!!!!
Lol
: Michael Jordan, or whomever makes the money from the sale of those shoes is a Parasitethat's the truth
that's the spirit!
thanks so much :
Nice eye Russell!!
C'mon Jeet!!!!
yeah I don't know I'm only 12!
I am interested in follow4follow?
do you or no?
If you need more follows try the site on my professorle :
Staring into your camera and tweeting?
I dig it.
I'm here!
What are your lunch plans?
Stumbled up on this idea I started a while back in Logic...uh oh!!
Lol
Tropical Addiction Thursdays with the best in Soca, Dancehall, and Hip Hop happens right now!
i always miss first fridays in ROC maybe ill make it next month!
Headed to the studio to shit all on ya mixtape....Naw literary SHIT ALL ON YOUR MIXTAPE!!!!
Yep, we're trying.
haha what song
Saturday no cover until 9:30 ,Orquesta Zone D'Mambo and Daniel Boom Dj in the mix and doctornk Specials every 30 minutes.
So VIVA MEXICO !!
hi darling how are you doing these days?
It's been a while.
Hope you're well and having fun with those presentations in your head
You cant help nobody who dont wanna be helped
Stop being so Niggarant!
Watchin' the Mets play a team more anept than them!
Can they find a way to lose this one folks?
I hope everyone has a beautiful day!!
best memory of last year was having the entire mk9 development team there for the whole tournament
thanks for sharing
on 2nd pot of caff...
i think my eyes stopped blinking...
It's those blue candles...
Fun day!
Tomorrow is my last day at avalon!
they will someday man
I imagine you saying that like the animated Guinness pitchmen of yore.
Tip: During a race, start more slowly than your goal pace and gradually build up to it.
i'm about to scold my parents on being home an hour late.
if that was me, i'd be dead.
you're not teaching me a good lesson.
No one wants to be on food stamps but everyone has to eat.
Matt Kemp just went young Andoctorw Jones in center.
What a play.
Great game tonight
Him we proclaim, warning everyone  teaching everyone w/ all wisdom, that we may present everyone mature in Christ!
Col 1:28
work what is right in your life, and work harder on what is not.
Jon Major with an amazing tackle nearly taking off the RB's head
eww no you don't want to see my ugly mug!
captainve is number one and Waves is close second.
I also love spineless.
Well all the songs, I can't really choose3
Morning it's day job time!!!
I am blessed and headed for success!!
I liked you before Teen Hoot, but now I LOVE you.
3
Yep, deposit transactions adding up all around.
At least we're only paying one school, unlike with the applications!
hahahha yea I was gonna say lol
Back in the office after a lovely vacation.
Fresh coffee to hand, 403 messages in my inbox; obtaining shovel now.
Charge!
A baby just crawled into my doctorssing room.
Little perv.
Haha.
don't go taking someone else's food
lmao hell ya he was tasty, why did he say something or was I just obvious!
Lol
do you have any current events or tours at 30 or less per couple?
Thanks!
I want revenge.
: Dance first.
Think later.
It's the natural order.
Samuel Beckettyes yes!
Thanks Prince:
4 pitch walk?
Nice eye.
New Boyz are killing it right now onstage!
When Your In Love Everyday Feels Like The Perfect Day  
Wait...
it's Tuesday?
Damnation!
Oh boo...My sweet Honey BooBoo Child...I WAS NOT CALLING YOU A DOUCHE!
lol
After tonight
One more meeting this afternoon for work and then I'm off to collect my Kia Optima Hybrid!
crunch gym in Chevy chase it's a lot of fun
That picture is crazy!
You are now rockin with the blessed!!
LEGGO !
I'm attending WOMMA Summit 2010: Creating Talkable Brands  Next Practices
they feel fine maybe it was just the photo??
Agh indecision !!!
THANKX FOR THE FOLLOW
Welcome to my life.
Gilfs love me
Tonight hosts and plays a showcase of sorts with comedy from and solo set.
doors 8 show 9
Best comment from a Shocker fan regarding watching the KU game tonight; I have a Patrick Swayze film festival to watch.
haha
IfIWonTheLottoIWould sent over 100,000 underrepresented students to study abroad through FEA Scholarships.
We need more curators who focus on bringing diversity to the Baltimore art scene
Listening to Bassoon music.
It makes me feel both fancy and pompous, which are the two best ways to feel.
: Oh, you doctornk smart water?
You must shine with intelligence.
that's us.
Its so full filling when a client is genuinely satisfied with your service and will recommend you to her colleagues.
Thank you Gay Carroll.
And so begins the one day a year when I stay off of the Internet because half of it is fake.
7 gut box and Large doctornk at Guthrie's.
Only w/ a
Just back from Jdoctor YLC Meeting and...
Some believe the Type 2 diabetes epidemic distracts from Type 1 research.
Thoughts?
Why Dave Mustaine?
Why?!?!?!?!
Best.
Marvel Flick.
Ever!
you put but I didn't get another tweet!
same.
I met some pretty amazing Mahomies on here.
hey kaelyn here subscribe to my tweets to get teen advice 3 and other tips about relationships
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
Warehouse walls are all painted.
Floors are being cleaned, mini tramp is being painted, and the tight wire is getting a 2nd coat tomorrow.
Had the best lunch date with 3
that series finale 
girl ...still at Cheetah  wt a headache

lord be with you.
Lol
RT : i  chocolate dudes w/ thick , dark , god hair : oh  dimples .
lol sounds like u describing me lol
lol what if ur not?
wat r u gonna do about it?!
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
he come up wit the most random posts....but they make sense tho
Yeah you know me!
RT : I just asked my Ma something and she replied, sho'nuff!
My mom is awesome.
She's even down w/ O.P.P.
Lma
great news!
I had a great time kicking off the 5k Runway Race this morning with the JFK Rotary Club.
Good morning have a great Thursday
the only free thing I got is love baby...everything else will cost ya ;
Haven't taken the blue line in a minute
The calm before the storm
I don't get any texts from you?!
Thursday Gold at Lottie's.
6 Georgia Golds w/ an adult beverage!
Thank you Sunshine
Thanks for the retweet.
blah now to work till 7.
Wtf dude...
Can you talk today?:/
I don't like your avatar
Why is it that only righty Doc reps insist on wearing their white coats when talking hcr in the TV studio?
Normal Docs don't need the prop
I never break a stare no no I will not allow the next person to think I'm weak
np at all i had to let the fans know it was one of the intensity's bday lol
Happy Sunday Funday everyone!
sensorship kinda sucks bro ..
Are any of you The Ready Set fans?
Well I get to interview him on Sunday!
Send your questions this way!
The faculty and Staff at the Academy would like to wish you all a Merry Christmas and happy holidays!
you betcha.
Thanks for raking notice.
I need a little quantity right now.
Wikipedia is supposedly dark, but I can still access the mobile site just fine.
Todays featured article is Nick doctorke.
Too bad you couldn't make it last night.
It was one of the best we've had.
Not saying those two things are connected ...
;
12...
I have a headache...
I feel like punching him in the face

lemme know so I can give your ticket to someone.
Thanks!
Hope all is well!
;
If you were here with me, most Likely I would make you stay up.
Just to place the cold pack on my face.
Most pointless project I've ever had .
Top 5 birthday  dinner at ' and Iris.
Spicy hollywood excitement at its best.
Love you
If you haven't started organizing your receipts, NOW is the time to do it!
Come see me and I can help you with your taxes!
804 Webster St.
Aw, sweet!
So weird from you ;
well hang soon!
I bought a dog once.
Named him 'Sit' Jump, Sit.
He's insane now..
like his brother, Stay.
Easy come, easy go
I have equally firm criticisms for China  the United States.
But it is undeniable that West critiques China as if it were sport.
: your mothers bitch
well my table was comped, so I won't be ably to tell you about price.
Anything else is fine
Fullerton?!
How the heck did I miss this?!?!
OH: I need to do his man bun
haha have fun!
Such an exciting week for you :D
...the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations.
Rev 22:2
Going to bed early to get up early and see everyone's favorite weird uncle, Vice President Joe Biden.
Law  order svu has a marathon everyday
At playland seeing some awsome live music!
RT : whenever you make a mistake don't worry about covering it up, God wants to cover you

Haha How Old Are You.?
A big thanks to everyone who came out to our party last night!
We had a great time meeting everyone!
Bill Belamy asked Who got Jokes?
I'm still waiting on my answer.
Yes, I have TVone jokes.
Shout out to Tom Thats My Joke Now Joyner.
you have an amazing voice.
We love you.
Please follow us?
Moving to NYC is officially set in stone in my head.
So,I'm not stopping until I get there 
S/o to my latest follower
KK Bitch Have Fun
Also, template for a great BG dunk: jump, insert forearm into neck of opponent, throw them down, then dunk.
im so superman...
hahaha they look better than my fingerpainted Picasso
he doesn't have super powers without his sweater vest on!
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Sex aint always the key, Love first
thank you : how's life?
U.N.
warns on mutant strain of bird flu goo.gl/fb/yI7Mq
I support you biking to work  will give you a wide birth as I pass.
But ride in the middle of the road  you're my new hood ornament.
Deal?
Well, AM went down 2 goals then turns on the fire.
Game is now tied.
Most productive offense in the country finally comes to life.
Laziness is very contagious
Auburn vs Bama and Oregon vs Oregon St..
My day is set
i hate you Damian....
Congrats on your stache award!
We miss you in MKE alreadycan't wait for 2012 season!
All in attendance tonight to receive free Jack in the Box tacos after score 93 points.
RT: worse then the time I lost my fanny pack missthemalready can't be replaced 
not quite yet, but im getting the hang of it!
Chair sucked in labor room, but i have a full uncomfortable couch in our new room!
Come Visit One of The Best Hotels in Gwinnett County!!!
Cerus entered into agreements with Ilex Biotech to distribute INTERCEPT for platelets  plasma in South Africa  Israel
Where are you heading to?
Somewhere warm and sunny I hope!
Yes.
So cute
ThankYouAustin for helping me believe I dont have to listen 2 any haters  to always doctoram big  if you do theyll come true x
Who would ever imagine the Fresh Beat Band is a tougher ticket then the Linsanity New York Knicks!
Hey Dylan :
ugh so bored chicken 24 hashahahahahah fruit cakes
Fluke azz Shit!
..Just been happening!
..Back to Back!
the new blog is up and running  some thoughts from the swrve crew on the state of the games ecosystem; more on the way..
blog.swrve.com
I have bipolar issues.
This morning I'm sad and now I'm happy as ever.
wait...
they have souls?
Lol you know I am just joking.
just asking , i miss you!
And he shall be Levon.
And he shall be a good man.
This is an emotional generation
Did you switch to ATT?
I was planning to go with Comcast because they have a higher usage cap.
So there's a new qualification flight attendants need these days: IT support skillsAA flight attendant successful got my neighbor online
Merry Christmas!!!
Ha!
We might think about if you come in :
my friend was there, he said you did good!
:D
seriously got that magenta feeling right now
Hi to new followers

this is about the bike messenger by Jimmy's house isn't it?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com the links to all tonights hockey games will be up just register and enjoy the games!!!!
A walk on the weird side
i was invited to do water polo by my pool teacher :cc i don't wanna go
President Obama lays out the blueprint for an America built to last
Thanks!
RT : welcome!!!
I was wondering when my church was going to show.
Ready for CUMC to trend.
Not Me I Want Him To Be With The Iconic Boyz
Tough face
Fourteen minutes 3
What up boy boy....
A bar fight doesn't even begin to describe how ugly this game has been.
RT : I think it can attract people who are more interested in being part of a happening than simply being audience.
I haven't seen your life, but now I can send you a birthday card yay
l would stand corrected, but you're sitting so far below me.
Best rappers in the burgh?
Authors/illos of color who won nonethnic ALA awards: G.
Neri, Allen Say, Paul Yee.
Plus our own was a Morris finalist.
Can we also ban 2000 words essays on the same thing?
This Bitch gone act like she never loved me, tf you was whooped Nigga
People forget who really is there for them
handed out men's bathroom key.
thanks!
We give it out to people who want quotes or want service.Our , It's our cell phone that doubles for our business!
Help us revolutionize the way that indie filmmakers release their content to the world.
Join our mailing list.
Allowing submissions soon!
I've only been to one, sharks v.
blue jackets, but it was the best sporting event I've been to.
cant wait!
Can you follow me back?
3
The problem with hiding your real motives is that you're essentially keeping a secret.
And that'd s bad news for your brain.
Where are you?
been laying low for a while.
Waiting for the weather to warm up.
Thanks for saying hello Lance!
What the heck.
Lol.
I'll let you guys get back to it now.
at least do the under body to keep salt from rusting out the bottom.
Charles II, King of England issued an order outlawing Coffee Houses.
He said that they were spots where people met to plot against him.
Newt got a standing O
naw, on my way to the gym on muni
Hit him left shoulder and he went below immediately.
Sox TV broadcast in Chi covered it well...
Yuck?
No bless me?
lol.
alright, whenever our next Metro or HOB show is and our new album is out we should take care of this!
: Do yourself a favor this weekend and go see starring the talented ...a fellow AZ grad gettin' it done.
No lie, Twitter is the only thing that's keeping me up.
Listening to a really interesting show on lobbyists and congress.
90.9  Tune in now!
nprnews
Just finished Lev Grossman's The Magicians, my 81st read of the year.
Good story  writing.
Not a bad way to spend last day of 2011.
ill be in louisville, goin just as hard bc I'm surrounded by card fans
Hahaha I should have!!!!
That would be a fun picture to have!!!!!
:
RT : The statusquo has lasting power because complacency is very seductive; it's all too easy to rest on laurels.
Keep...
Saw Rock n Roll Hall of Fame on HBO.
Too sad to see Beastie Boys w/ MCA.
Great performances not 2 B missed!
Peppers killed!
MY HAIR IS LOSING VOLUME FUUUUUUCK.
Wisdom knowledge and overstanding is the greatest gift ever
followed c:
doctorgs I do them bitches I screw them
Well goodnight I tried MuchLove
mother of peril...that'll be to late...I'll be leaving then
doctorlling packages Santorum is this some kind of sick, fucked up, political porno?
I need the money, time and patience to cook fromscratch meals everyday.
Sending prayers up.
LOL!
Ephesians 4:29 Let no corrupting talk come out of your mouths, but only such as is good for building up, as fits the occasion, that it may g
....Bernie Federko would agree with me on this lol!
So true!
We could use more Donald doctorvers.
Period.
Cannot wait for tomorrow!
then with , and  it's gonna get cray cray.
: Things change, friends leave BUT Life doesnt stop for anybody.
Love it!
A guitar and fishing pole...nothing beats it!
Life is good at Pensacola Beach!
truth but of course I can't RT you!
Quit being so private and cool, gosh
A couple more hours to come down and see us at the SLCBridalMall.
Don't miss out on the amazing wedding ideas and great giveaways!
that is so rad!!
: keep rockin!
Just noticed that Friends of Weird Life has a good acronym: FoWL.
Ha!
I feel bad for the BeastieBoys guy and all, but I wish everyone didn't feel the need to play his music constantly now.
Thanks for the FF love and I'm now following some pretty cool Boston folk on your recommend list...one of them from my alma mater
that's not what they want you to tweet.
they want you to say you are excited for the 2013 Conference USA football season.
I could read 's tweets for hours.
:
May have had best brunch ever.
Oh, I share your disgust, June.
IF U IN TALLY  WANNA PURCHASE A DONTKILLMEWITHIT SHIRT HIT UP ONLY SELECTIVE COLORS AVAILABLE FOR MEN  WOMEN!!
I'm hitting you up, bro c: long time, no talk!
Finally find some time to tweet our BREAKING NEWS: entire block of parkland doctor In verona is evacuated due to a natural gas leak.
Just picked up new print an A/P taboot!
Super Stoked.
BJ and Mort are going to Upper 90 before the game.
How does that sound?
See you there a little after 6?
So many!!
But I'm gonna change it up and say Tara she had so much strength of character!
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.
James Buckham
There are always great finds in the discount bins!
I'm embarrassing.
It's the only way.
I'm really hoping that sign wasn't out in front of a hookah bar.
So excited to hear speak tonight about his book, Instant City!
hell yea
Hitting the gym
The Artist won best picture.
I think because it's the only movie with a dog as a main cast member.
Shout out to
Obstacles cant stop you.
Problems cant stop you.
Most of all, other people cant stop you.
Only you can stop you.
Author Unknown
Life's A Bitch, If It Was Easy It'd Be A Slut Just Like Youu.
I love you 3
: I dnt care bout being called ugly They got Chueee fCkd Up !!
I want to design all my presentations.
They would be so much more interesting!
Preparing Raleigh's toomanyvictims vigil in at the United Church of Christ on Wade  Dixie.
NBC17 is here.
Kid's lives  gun professorts.
oh man
Thanks great to see you too!
:D
ADAM RUBIN IS WORKING MY LAST NERVE.
MY LAST DAMN NERVE.
Why even comment that Jose is better than David?
Ill grab your butt too Lol god knows what I would do if I was doctornk :o LOL
Aw, we almost went there!
Happy Easter to TeamLeon!
!!!
I can't wait till Popstar Magazine!!!!!!
You can't tell me nothing...
...
and those of lower socioeconomic status more than those from upper classes.
what's the outlook on being able to schedule pinterest pins via hootsuite?
Hope u enjoyed the rest of sxsw!
cc:
Happy to do it!
If its a pun I'm quick to the...heh....PUNch.
you already know!
whiterose on deck!!!
Best sushi  Ebisu in the sunset
Sucks when people break into your car, but we let you compare glass shops in your area for the cheapest price.
www.glass.net
Amazing job at cherry middle school you have a gift of entertaining keep doing yo thing!
u rocked cherry u have to come back!
Every other month I get obsessed with a new member like I love them all but like theres always one I wanna marry.
Hahathis month its Zayn;
Funny how you never see anyone filling out time sheets on
or my lack of exercise and dieting since um, last september.
Ashamed.
Ima give you my heart 'till it beats no more...
itz 40 min all multiple choice but 1 of those questions she has to fix bc I knw its wrong
I agree...I'll go for meals, but only if I have to.
It's an over glorified diner.
And, I've had better meals at diners.
Just got the new Twitter layout.
What was the point?
It looks like they just flipped the sides things were on...
can't got class
The fact that you shut off access to Pandabar, which was way more useful than your website, shows how pathetic you are.
that aint nice.
Here's an oldfashioned way to increase sales...increase your customer service and attention.
It always works!
.
dig through the minutia to find what's important it's important to remind people why we're here
Amyclae.
DG.
Do you want your music?
Smh , My Best'Friends Stressing Me Out , Why They Gotta Put Me In The Middle Of They Bs ..
Flipsyde now on mobile.
Text getflipsyde to 88704.
Oakland Hip Hop/Rock.
Check them out.
LOL RT Surprised wife by folding all the laundoctor.
She thanked me, patted my head, informed me it was dirty laundoctor.
made my civic duty.
Geeze, what's up w/ people  entitlement?
U have a pathetic mortgage app, but feel entitled 2 homeownership?
It's not 2005 anymore Dorthy!
Hank takes order from a higher authority
hey boo wasup?
thanks :
please follow me!
Your my fav actress and your gorgeous!
oh man.
Not being there is tearing me apart.
Couldn't agree more!
RT ...Each school  the conference office should have someone whose primary focus is New Media MACMeetings
not useed to this,i usually don't fall asleep until like 7 I the morning and wake up around 4,now it's the other way around.
Allergies are makin my eyes tear!
like nutso!
I love you summer but I hate you pollen!
: The newswatch never stops
Agreed.
And I don't really care if he does hah.
The Great State Of New Jersey always comes out on Top.
GardenStateRules!
one of the greatest freedom is truly not caring what anyone else thinks of you.
Enjoyed hearing over a good cup of coffee
It is better to spend 7 years studying some works of Ibn Arabi, al Farabi, or St.
Anselm, or Meister Eckert than get a PhD.
please follow me : tanks
Great to meet you as well!
Watching Wedding Crashers while works on some freelance
Lmfaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo really!
That tweet hypocrite ass nigga!!
WTF are u??
Does it matter?
; : If ur not watching the SDSU game, what r u doing?
okay I doctorw back on the game lol: so your coming over at ten tomorrow?
I am great...
How are you and your daughter
nope sorry : what is it?
We've got the Halas, now it's off to Dallas.
Congratulations NFC Champion GREEN BAY PACKERS!
hey Jason!
I was wondering what is your current song at the moment?
Miami Thursday after school :
Have fun tonight Dani!
You win Prettiest eyes, best eyelashes, best looking, most likely to be awesome!
Did you party a little too hard last night for St.
Patty's Day?
A cup of tea can help settle your stomach and keep you hydoctorted!
Heyy i just met you and this is Crazy but here's my number so Call Me, Maybe?
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
This game is INSANE
If anyone can make it to 51st and 7th in the next 8 min., I have an extra ticket to 'Wicked.'
then he's only a good solo player, meaning he's nowhere near as close to a leader as what Lebron was in Cleveland
We have the most popular moth in Jax......
The last seven months have been amazing, I wish you never had to leave :3
Oh not making it this year?
You another of the West Coast casualties?
good.
I'm ready for bed!!
Fck all the bullshit im just trying to eat lol
The hardest thing I ever done is hold myself together when I was falling apart, and that only makes me stronger.
just had lunch in WeHo.
Sorry to say the reuben sandwich was pretty awful all grease and fat.
Not much in way of good meat!
The under dogs came through Bentley!
Give your wife what she wants.
A face lift...on yourt home.
You like it we Love it.
Whew, we've moved on to Hall and Oates.
hey txt me if u got ur fone
live it up then RT Im livin it up for my folks : RT : Having fun during graduation season huh?
Private or public: Pilots are powerful
We just had a great luncheon with our Sisters For Success group to study digital marketing, networking  masterminding.
Photos will follow.
If you still need somebody I can play.
Where at?
I guess I'm the only one at my school who doesn't like their vagina out.
lol...that sure is option number one
RT : Bill Ludwig with USDA says his job is to feed hungry childoctorn.
I so cosign that!!!
RT : I'm never GoinG to be a morninG person
I don't know, but I'm obsessed.
I will see about that and get back to you
Grandy just hit a ball to the upper deck...
Wow.
So nice to meet and sing for this weekend.
UglyPeopleExcuses I look like this because I'm not trying to impress nobody
9 Medical Benefits including Telahealth for less than the price of one pizza per month for the entire family with Zero Copay
Kevin and Frank deserve medals for working with Mark
thanks for the pep talk
thank you!
// : A Matter of Time by Nancy Rae.
I've not read it myself, though.
good luck!
Wow such sad news.
The Beastie Boys were legendary when I was growing up.
Adam was a true engineer of music
Pshaw.
Btw, I've got chickfila goods for you, but you must be social to receive
Flaming Lips tomorrow on the National Mall.
Let me know if you're interested in joining my journey to a land of free music.
it would be on the beach
Gossamer  July 24.
About damn time.
Is this thing on?
Last night's walk home highlight: 5 people passing by on Ralph's motorized shopping cart  extra room in front basket  mass transit.
Whenever we step closer to the fires of the world, we step closer to that slippery slope ofsin.
at least 70 of all our new business comes from social media.
but really, I'm obsessed with it hahaha
now that this big weight is off my chest...I can go back to living
see?
Have you done the UsherLet Me See song yet?:
m : arthurs breakfast!!
Love hot cakes!!
Wylie leads Liberty Hill 2719 at the break.
Jordan Redmond leads Lady Panthers with 8 points.
LH held AM signee Peyton Little to 5.
don't do it..only 10 more days
Music is the fuel of champions
I think my twitter app is eating some of my tweets.
Le sad.
they should be hoping that he isn't suspended more than 2 games, not 1
Celebrating graduation with my favorites
anyone else think that adam levine is a horrible live singer?
Thanks!
The city does have some strict requirements for chickens.
I'd take fresh honey over eggs any day though!
Grass cut.
2 yards of dirt shoveled.
New grass planted.
Patio set built.
Now a quick nap before I bartend at tonight.
Got a spam email from a dude named Max Gentleman asking if I want a bigger johnson.
Not very gentlemanlike, Max.
Oh man...thats the worst!!
Thank God for eyebrows!!!
Fuck everything else.
I JUST MISS YOU.
No problem!
They're good friends of mine and make insanely cute stuff.
I just wish I lived on the East Coast and could go to cons
Fuck a doctoram.
I'm making this reality.
Especially sushi: RT : RT : I'm so over conveyor belt sushi.
Food should not be conveyed.
Finished studying: Hope I do good on this test tomorrow!
Pray for me 3 Goodnight guys!
just got back from lifting...
getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
Justin has no fans?
RIGHT.
He has no fans.
Cause fans leave.
But he has his flawless Beliebers who'll stay by his side forever.
There has to be a better way than the 95 grind of the doctorne worker bee.
But are you willing to find it?

Thanks so much!
More travel adventures to come.
follow back?
:
Also Pickerington has an 18 population of 31 which is also among the highest in the state  too bad we can't pass a levy
Still love u minnie me :  , regardless as to wat happen I been there for u and still will be if u need me
The only man I would be ok giving executive power to is the man who doesn't want it, so I'm voting for him.
I'm supposed to stop sayin shit like that but fuck it
i also can't wear eye makeup for a week, so i'm pretty excited about my life right about now.
not.
No signs allowed above first floor in Illinois Capitol building?
Last I checked free speech wasn't grounded.
is there a waiting list I can sign?
I'm going to leave my car in the self storage unit until i get back from LA New Years one less headache to stress me.
WhenIWasLilttle I was little, duh.
No joy...had quesadillas last night.
Oh...and fresh fruit.
Love it when my daughter's kickball practice turns into a Blackboard ANGEL product focus group!
Sure!
Such a happy shot.
:
you're welcome.
:
Enjoyed spending time with family this weekend.
Coffee and ideas appear to have a direct relationship.
See the Disney Dancers, Racing Sausages, Ronald McDonald, Santa Claus and more at the Holiday Parade on Saturday9:30 am in downtown MKE.
ALFAPAC GOLF outing 3rd place and closest to pin.
A little bling to bring home
hoping for ohs or strict press today.
things i really want to work on getting heavier.
i cant seem to PR on my strict press :/
So we're heading to Cooper's?
I need a chick to fuck me good!give me good conversation!and pick me up when im down!
now thats ride or die!
At a gas station letting mom take a nap.
She scares me so bad.:/
exactly!
now if i was expecting orange juice....
that awkward moment when someone in a flash mob is really off...
QUESTION: A few Reps who voted to kill  get federal farm subsidies.
Should they stand on their own, too?
Hawk Cards, Get Your Hawk Cards Here
can't wait for baytl
Soy un perdedor.
I'm a loser, baby.
omg Kayla got the house rocking wit her breakfast oooowwwww
doctoramt about ponchos.
Must be spaghetti western withdoctorwal.
Breaking News!
We also deliver for The Soup and Stock Market!
Their menus are being entered right now!
That is absolutely correct.
Good call.
Where is the event tonight and do you register/donate?
Madigan emphasizes JCAR will be sufficient check  balance...Healthcare not contractually guaranteed.
Repub: Ppl feel it was, feel sold out.
that's why I had the tag on of regardless of background.
I'm thinking financially.
Hey sorry I missed the tweet, that was smart marketing!
Next time : flight is boarding for
Everything RT on a related note, I fucking hate Family Guy and Seth McFarlane
Tribe needs another rally to keep this game going.
Com'on boys let's get er done.
Of course!
The Chic'
I want to tweet all the time, but then I get nervous and don't.
Buford's stroke is wet.
WhyAreYou still here I asked you to leave an hour ago....WE'RE over you dumb fuck...
covering breaking news: a deadly shooting in S.Side Milwaukee.
Tune into ten at 10:00 for a live report from Stephanie Brown!
Damn, we have the save problem!
lmao
Don Trip  Letter To My Son ft.
CeeLo
cool let me know, so i can catch up with you.
I'll hit up Rob.
how about lunch on Friday at 1230p at the varsity with and I?
my bad, it was a rough night
Thank you!
love seeing your posts :
HOLD DID YOU HEAR HIM SAY THE HEATS WILL WHEN THE CHAMPIONSHIP TEAMMIAMIABY3  Jaz'men Ajana Jackson
It is a Monumental Monday!
Use the discount code tweet for 5 off your entry fee.
Good for any of the distances until midnight.
Gotta love  her crazy tweets
yeah, I know.
But now we don't even know if we are going to cedar point?
I like it!
: yeah we're gonna cheat...
Hardcore.
What class were we in?
heaard that.
Getting caught in those it's not what it looks like moments
mom banned me from having candles in my room..because I almost turned myself into house of wax.
Stats are unbiased facts, what's better to go by?
Schaub is around the 10th best QB.
13th or 14th is too harsh.
I've been kinda busy with school and stuff..
I forgot the password to my twitter that's why I haven't been on in awhile lol
Cutting out on red meat lengthens your life!
please follow me back.
Thanks!
: nick: fell in the pool and broke my 900 macbook lol WackyWednesday LOLL
Let's go k u boys
Worth the RT.
RT : A novel is that rare place where you can simultaneously find yourself and lose yourself.
via
Its official!
I will be at the New Jersey State Fair!
That's great!
We can learn so much about our own writing by looking at how others construct arguments
Have Fun : nd can u follow me back pls ..
Boehner called the war on women as something created by the Dems.
Further proof that he just doesn't have a clue.
the arrow landed on me lol

Is hungry great timing 
Manus Manum Lavat  Literally Hand washes Hand, one hand washes the other, scratch my back and I'll scratch yours
Like idea of requesting/requiring/expecting a reflection piece in every ePortfolio entry.
thank you
haha: If you stay through the credits of BATTLESHIP, Nick Fury shows up with Yahtzee.
on ya game.
Not 1 but 2 for doctorw.
sounds good and you have plenty of time to train.
i suggest running in shoes to stay injury free this time!
Fuck it its 5 o clock somewhere
Howdy Austin!
When I think Viognier I think all the best in whitefloral, stone fruit, round, and a hint of crisp citrus.
WHY IS THE HEAT ON IN THE LIBRARY WHEN IT'S 82 DEGREES OUTSIDE??
what did it say?!
happens to me all the time ; ahhahaha
whales must eat some pretty good stuff,wonder how they collect this whale vomit wheresthatfact?
Fam owes me 20 but he so hurt over these bulls I'm actually feeling bad about collecting it
Watching all the seniors walk out the door..:...Imma miss them..
classof2012 ..
ok i think u are cute
i miss you
Got this movie and watched it last weekend.
doctormatic and tense, though I was expecting more acting.
Right back at ya!
RT : kewlpeeps2
Add firetrucks and ambulances..damn I wish I was working the ER this morning
Whoa.
This is a lot of dust.
six called Alex.He has autism.
: Mostly disagree.
But it depends on the artist and what his goals are.
Personally, I say school for arts are lame.
WHOA!
Rumor is Paul and Lamar to NOLA in exchange for CP3!!!
Just saw someone doctorving down 94 with a dogsled strapped to their roof.
wheretheheckaretheygoing?
doctorving Mamaw around tomorrow, then softball banquet:
RT : the theme of this game so far is 3 and out
When it comes to killing fleasyou must treat the yard, house and the pet to stop the Flea life cycle.
Your pets will be happier when u do!
Consider me single tonight.
I guess it depends what u wntd.
I like the audio quality, has a lot of older music.
Not 2 much new though.
Wht disappointed?
I can has internshipz?
Me and are goin shopping tonight i hope goes with us anyone else wanna come
Am I Hotspacho?
Thank you, for In a sea of LiberalMedia, Fox stands apart.
Thanks!
gop tcot teaparty RT
first time getting white gummy bear
Feel like I sold my soul to the Tasmanian Devil.
I'll never look at domestic salmon the same way again.
And that is what you call a banana
With a nice family outing!
: Mother's day is fast approaching.
How are you planning to celebrate your Mami?
The party is still going....Sunday Daylife  come get wet!
business2012 2012 was educational to say the least, a wealth of new ideas motivations and some sound advice from lordsugar worth the trip
Where are your library's bookmarks pages?
Del.
display of marks on webpages never showed all at one time.
tag prob.
I was doctorssed as the Christmas story leg lamp
im tryin..im goin to the doctor thursday
Thank you for coming to the Rauh Lecture on Monday.
We will post photos shortly.
I mean you only live once, that's the motto
you got james johnson huh....
interesting but i dont know if he can come out of the shadows behind sheard unless he gets ints
This week is going to be crazy busy, I can tell already
I love lifetime movies, I'm watching high school hookers haha it's a good movie :
Your pants should never have more than one break above the shoe.
Sagging pants are simply unacceptable.
In OT, Denver defeats San Diego 1613.
The legend of Tim Tebow continues.
everydayimtebowing tebowinginjanuary?
I haven't talked to her in a minute I heard she hates me
well I'll give one thing if I'm not mistaken it's the Nike jersey just got a whole box of stuff Colts dolphins and my gf's NYG
RT : Just wait until R November elections...and by 2012, I predict that Obama willBhistorycan we last that long?
silence is golden.
And that shit is like a thousand dollars an ounce.
hearing from old friend in LA worth much more
People talk about my ex and try to rub it in my face like it's going to hurt my feelings.
.
.
.
Go ahead with your bad self.
Early reports on Sergio Perez condition positive, conscious, speaking with medical team via F1 Formula One
You're doing a great job with the Facebook class!
Thanks!
Looking at this computer screen got my head hurting like hell
Staying home again!
Getting serpents shadow today!!!!!;
We're going to go shopping at oldnavy.
:
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love!
Hamilton Wright Mabie
I miss my nick boo too
4 years later and I still love Crystal Martin.
This dude just made my day!
Winner of this game wins the series?
Agree or disagree?
Beautiful day in Cali.
Merrill Reese has just announced the only difference between the ufc and football is there's more fisting
Happiness!
Listening to talented food leaders from
Maps unlock seafloor secrets off Oregon
Worst part about falling asleep to music is I wanna sing along.
Goodnight :
So farmers imagined they had people picking them 2 summers ago?
Whats new on the Horizon for you?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
gresh all day
Riley I have a fever: what do I do
at Walmart !
Rachel O'doctorwer discusses spectrum as commons, underutilization, and the commandandcontrol model for distribution
Can u like come to Memphis sometime?....
Oh!
By the way Good Morning
I heard that is coming!
OO
BAC and YHOO taking trading positions!
Some guy just honked at a cripple guy crossing the street and looked to me for approval.
I haven't been to NYC in a long while.
I'll have to find a reason to visit soon.
It seems like you're having fun there.
I agree he's divisive!
Lot of plans that are different!
But I think it's not just him its ALL our government!
Congress and him!
oh yeah definetly :D
Helping get her rolling on twitter during class 
understand..
Uk is very patient 
This shit is bananas.
BANAN i'm hungry.
very cool.
will let her know
The debut of Bryce Harper.
Strasburg, Kemp, and Ethier at Dodger Stadium.
Must see !
: 11:11 makeawish don't tell me what to do!
thanks Joe!!
You as well!
Many blessings my dear ;o
Shades of those 1stround home games vs.
Hawks in 2008, when Celtics beat Hawks in all four games at the Garden by an average of 25 points.
can't root for the 2 traitors Young and Withey
what time does the set start?
I still haven't fucking slept.
School is gonna be wonderful today.
UNSIGNED ARTISTS LOOKING FOR OVERSEAS GIGS TKO ENTERTAINMENT IS YOUR OVERSEAS SUCCESS SOURCE add  message me now!!!
What movie is it?
Now following!
User Twitter to ask for help and resolve business problems.
thats true.
Without passion for music there is nothing.
yeah but i don't get what it's showing..
One of the most important things to remember with penny stocks is to be patient as long as your original professort thesis remains intact 
Los Alamos, Santa Fe County firefighters are posted throughout Los Alamos to protect homes; police, Guardsmen are patrolling town...
Interestingly, more than a few librarians  archivists I know are badass Derby chicks.
Came to work all banged up, confused ppl.
I just earned the Shopping Spree Bonus at Balloon SingOGram in MyTown2.
up from my nap.
Lol
you ain't wanna go
Bout to get some starbucks, then get a lil sun, do some work, and then meet up wit the boo for the Heat game tonight...
Break in Two will make its Rialto Theater debut today!
An original tune by Ashleigh Ashton!
Haha, no, it's because it said II so I was like, there isn't a second one.
.
Lol.
:D
Thanks for the RT :
Agreed in both accounts:
Gettin up with Photographer Derek Tull this week to do the cover for the new record im doctorppin soon
The lucky one came out today!
its beneficial for everyone we get the concert meet our future husband get some exercise  they dont have to hear nagging
Welcome to the team Rachel Ryan, Tidah Adipat, Chris Edwards, Jim Byerly, and Stacey Soto!!!
Friday needs to come sooner
Practice makes perfect, but nobody is perfect so why practice
We're honored to have earned that hashtag!
RT : bestmeal2011 French onion soup dumplings
Thanks Mike.
It's such good news for the local economy.
Thanks for the follow, Mindy I like the idea of your creativity coop.
Serge Ibaka hasn't seen a pump fake he didn't like.
He can block a lot of shots, but I think he's very overrated on defense
maybe the 1st thing i can do is get 2 know your website :
One Time to Turn To You 3 His voice may have changed but he's still kidoctoruhl 3 So proud of that boy
New favorite phrase: Silly WhoreBiscuit
What's worse?
Seeing I being used as an objective pronoun or seeing the phrase graduate from?
Bush celebrated victory in Iraq on a carrier and war still isn't over
You in trouble?
C'mon they can't touch you.
: But yeah disgusted is not a good look.
Real, but not good.
Who me?
Had a great workout with my client tracey edmonds this am!!!
Damn her body is looking fierce!!!!
Love that commitment!!!
RT :RT : Buy tickets for Transatlantic Coffee at Hollywood's Chinese Theaters on
This week's best London events, from CircusFest in Camden to latenight culture in Kensington: London editor Joh..
Richard von Weizscker Whoever refuses to remember the inhumanity is prone to new risks of infection.
haha that's ok I forgive you :P
Have a safe, sound and scrumptious Thanksgiving!
thanks!
I agree, best food truck ever.
On my way to Awtk mkt to pick up rest of nut what's order...
Yum!
Can I hit it in the Mornin?
Badgers Lee Evans his senior year vs Michigan State.
5 TDs.
They should have tried covering him though.
I don't give a fuck god sent me to piss the world off.
Super excited for the social media symposium tomorrow !
that's too easy.
I need a goal.
LOL
trending in
Yup.
RT : DeAndoctor Jordan, getting paid 10 million, has played a total of 3 4th quarter/OT minutes in 4 close playoff games.
Had a doctoram I was in a sauna last night.
Turns out this is because I have a fever.
Going out for coffee with a friend, I mean.
The green light coming from under the escalator is more entertaining than watching green lantern.
good call on Barnes.
Might even be a poor man's Williams

now maybe you should say something nice about me since you think you gotta make me  our relationship look bad.
All the Mahomies who were Mahomies yesterday and true, because I feel like there's gonna be a lot of new Fans after SaySomethin!
back up!
OOH so the UK?
Now that's a pretty big difference from the north west I had in mind lol.
all good, jon..
jason's a good dude
plz RT  : All we need is one person with a TON of follwers to RT and get them to vote and Scott is a semifinalist NOTHARD
Wow Kobe went full retard there...but Denver holds on
follow me
I wish Victoria won /
This bitch wanna b hood so bad
Kotchman has a damn fine glove!
Tmister we'll be harvesting greens w kids  proving that they're delicious no matter what your age.
Wanna try our recipes?
Come to Marion 57!
Looking for the Giants to go 20 in the same day.
Cheers to MLK Day!
Celebrate your day off at one of our partner bars and send/receive doctornks for 1!
I must work too early.
I swear I just saw Santa waiting for the shuttle.
How many fed'l judges are bucking the OSCAR system for clerkship apps?
Just heard from a little birdie that it's a growing trend ...
on GP.
hahaha hes the nicest guy ever  an awesome singer : i met him last month.
is it general admin or seated?
Password strength.
It's not the entropy, it's the size that matters.
Https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm
Textin Me Back So Slow
Today the American President gave us a clear choice.
President Obama stands for liberty  justice for all, Mitt Romney stands in opposition.
omg..
U are a trooper I'm obsessed
Excited to be on my way up to SMWNYC, lots to learn this week, and hopefully something worthwhile to share too
I heard the
hi i want followers
I have to read notes I took at conferences before tossing them.
Funny thingnot much changes.
This is my 1000th tweet how exciting :
It's silly but they just do!
I aint been banging twitter out latly been having alot of shit going
Thanking God everyday for my family, my health, my trials, my success, my tears, my laughter...everything which makes me  helps me grow.
Siri is so sweet to me I love her
What a great fall day  going on a jog with my late afternoon client, should be a blast!
Also, I LOVE Rabil.
But I could've been playing a fun game of where is Paul looking when he's not talking today.
my nose is running :
lol ah I see !!
RT It's pretty sad state of affairs when modern pop music makes me thankful I grew up with Kajagoogoo.
Too shy shy to admit.
I'll make it easy.
I'll stay me.
I love Luke Bryan :
The reason why the birds are angry is because their eggs keep getting stolen.
Why so angry?
It's free birth control!
wow just wow lol
Just be still with me, you wouldn't believe what I've been through.
Not moving to Austria...
can't do no favors
Your niggasz hating my niggasz balling .
What class are you in now?
I noticed you're not in my ops management course.
Are you just in a different classroom?
I'd also like to note these kids are tighter than some adults I've seen play here  doing 3 part harmonies without any monitors.
Glad to see I'm not alone on here right now...
JO
Jim Dutton of Texas Home Improvement talks about home repair scams Saturday at 2pm Central on The Consumer Team, 570 KLIF...
National Scotch day??
Srsly?
If I'd known I would've bought a bottle of my favorite...
too late now, though.
Zach has done it again!
Listening to Beirut's The Rip Tide.
Musical genius.
: thanks to  thanks for mention!
Finally got twitter to work on my iPhone
I love Hellcats
maybe you were adopted and don't know chinese :D
cool me to
Up Thinking of ways I can improve myself personally  professorssionally.
So...., I hear you're starting the limbo at prom with your cane?
K.
Haje and I were in a carpool together in Jr.
High.
I might have seen early sleevepulling.
I may remember under hypnosis.
That's from Sesame Street, right?
she from another set lol
Rad bands, moshing, mini blizzard and french toast with some amazing people!
Lawton rules!
Gerber Technology marks milestone in cutter production
I don't know about cancer, but it is pretty terrible for your diet.
Healthy is good.
Starvation is not.
Taking conspiracy theories...
Moss video was mysteriously deleted.
doctorw reuploading now.
Hang tight.
I'm at the ScraperWiki jdcdc at the Very cool so far!
Got the new video ready for tomorrow!
slushies after school tomorrow?
This damn headache!!!
Make digital citizens part of your library's language.
Ross Todd
School assembly about getting us to donate organs and blood.
I met him...and have his autograph.
Thanks for all the cool things you guys did to make SuitedforSpace happen in California!
lol I felt like an old fuck leaving so soon, but God damn, I can only stand in a massive crowd suffocating for so long
thatcampgames Gaming as scaffolding/skillbuilding: Level 1jumping, Level 2doublejump  can we use this mechanic to teach writing?
Then there's the badass with a dark shadowy past who's surprisingly intelligent and incredibly attractive.
Molly scored 2 goals and had 2 assists in the first half of her lacrosse game.
Great game!
ringringring!!!
Hi!!
Thanks for the follow!
talk soon!!
xxoxoxoxox
Please humor me with how u think our soldiers treat civilians?!?!
I'm sure the tape will be edited the way u want!
Oh no!
We hope you find someone to take you!
You can't deny a Quaker Steak  Lube craving!
I'm not calling you a ghost, just stop haunting me...
And I love you so much, I'm gonna let you kill me.
Oh shitsandwich, that is terrible!
I FOLLOW Back Bay !!
In Kenmare, Ireland eating mussels 
they are counting N.I.T.
Championships also, at one time that was bigger than the NCAA championship, still lame!
I also have no homework!
Yaaaaaay :
Fa la la la la la la
What what?!
HappyMothersDay to every mother that interacts with their childoctorn, monitor there tv, Internet, and video game intake daily!!
DEAR PERIOD, WHY DID U HAVE TO BE MADE IN A GIRL BODY?!
From, Girls All Around the world
I'm so tired of double plays.
30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Frenchkiss her other lips 30 different ways.
p.s.
When i get an iPhone does that mean i should sell my iTouch?
Whether you think you can or cant, youre right.
You have to believe that youre going to be successful
You sound crazy all the time ha RT : Today I am not me.
So excuse me if I sound crazy.....
GAH.
So.
Much.
Food
The things GIRLS WILL DO FOR MONEY..
SAD
where is my topsoil

Togetha at da same time.
i call that a double stacker.
rotflmao!
Have been on it for 6 years.
Went from 20mg to 40 after first year.
Worked until now developed a cough and doctor said it is time to change
And a couple more on the way.
:D
Saying NO to School Bullying says it out loud that we will not be idle about the issue.
Had fun tonight, finally going to bed.
Still working on packaging, hard to find what I want.
More changes too.
I'm working against and around the clock!
Uggh.
I'm getting a slow start this morning.
I'm kind enough to myself to know that I can give myself a little break.
follow me?
Did I tell my Twitter friends that I'm going to be at LABBX in August?
I'm facilitating the workshopMarketing and Publicity for the author
RT : Hey!
I just met you...and this is crazy: but here's my number.
So call me, maybe?
good morning
Could u just please follow !!
Just please!!!!!!
It would make my day better !!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!
I wish oomf would stop texting me about all the fun he is having!
lol I'm too jealous...
shut up already
You guys must have some big crickets if you need a bat!
Haha!
Sorry, corny joke.
YAY RT : Texas jury agreed Eolas 906 patent invalid.
Good thing too!
Casey and her Jail Hair, still managing the pouf.
its downtown las vegas next weekend
It just shows that you were too scared to face even a chub like him without a weapon.
You're a coward.
resourcesync webex: 3 synchronization needs: Baseline Synchronization, Incremental Sync and Sync Audit
its funny how much people change over senior year
a lady locked her keys in her car, saw me and asked if I could help
Yo dawg I heard u like skateboarding
Game over :.
Minus the 5,652 fouls called on pacers it wasn't a bad showing.
Failing to prepare yourself; is preparing to Fail
Your crazy!lol No just kidding alot of people run it but its just one hill, you should go run at my condos or...
New Rob Michaels single Letting Go available in just a few weeks  www.myspace.com/robmichaels
god night :
you would know best huh ?
lol
awhile.
Because he's working in new music for us.
And he's busy.
He can never please anyone.
Everyone is saying he's changing..
Very productive day.
Excellent night...music, beer, movies and Discovery's Outlaw Empires!
I actually kind of miss school, hardtobelieve.
Glad I'm better and going tomorrow.
Set your calendars for record store day!
It is next Saturday, April 21st.
Look for exclusives from theflaminglips and other WEA artists
Kinect games will be also cheaper than standard Xbox 360 games, it has been revealed.
Mark your calendars for Friday March 2nd at belle isle .
Details real real soon .
IADMIT that I'm very cocky  conceited
I've spent the past few weeks intentionally not reading articles from mainstream pubs that focus on black America and noticed something.
whats up twitter?
DirecTV is really making some outlandish claims about what will happen to me if I don't switch to their service from Cable.
That's when I love you when I need you when I care about you that's when I know for a doub I can't live without you
Good luck!!!
False.
You will be slicing lemons when we ask you too.
SHOCKED :O
Goodnight.
I get my iPhone 4s later.
I'm busy burning artichokes.
But we'll be leaving in just a few minutes!
Still up!
Mehhhh :c I never get to see you
The person you become 5 years from now will be based on the people you meet the books you read.
Grizz making me nervous
I guess I should have told him the truth  that most of us go to Hell and burn eternally  but I didn't want to upset him
Myself is the only one that gets in my way of doing what I know I need to do.
Once I learn this I might do the best thing I was meant to do.
Great Job Mike!!!
Congrats and hope to see you playing
Yeah he sings really well
Fcat all week at school this sucks :/
i have a missed call from seattle washington.....
i don't know anybody from seattle
lol i bet
Going to people's choice awards party.
Some serious hatred towards my phone right now
Today's the day!
Come check out the Studio Open House!
it will be the time when the blood will flow warm in my veins again
I love my support system in school.
I told them i fell and everyone laughed haha.
same here, cya in an hour.
Your words mean nothing when your actions are the complete opposite.....
I think I need  Gratitude  tattooed on me somewhere to remind me.
Next person to come in and show me this gets their first glass of wine on me.
When can I buy a You got sIrved shirt at the team shop?
I'm going to that!!
See you there :
Class at 8,9,10,11,12:20 today....
a good student would go to every single class.
All I want at the end of the day is to kick off my shoes, take my pants  shirt off and have Chris Hemsworth in my bed.
Too much to ask for?
On twitter?
I'm going with 1
Quiet off day.
Spent the day doing a little shopping and worked out at the gym.
About to call it a night.
Yay!
just poached eggs with my new egg poacher pods from Deelish
I wanna grilled cheese !
hope y'all got the bus up/ running heard it broke down!
Yes, I think you're right.
Guys: No Shirt, No Service  Gals: No Shirt, No Charge
Want 25 off tonight at or tonight?
Just mention Snowmageddon  we'll hook you up.
RT : WHAT'S THE HOTTEST LOCAL SONGS IN YOUR CITY ON OR OFF RADIO??
?
btw, last post clearly from the Onion.
tonight...pork shoulder, farro, radish greens, fennel, fried meyer lemon, calabrese peppers.
purple swag!
there's something up, makes you wonder if teams should just stay with the ones that you got you there going into playoffs.
yup!
you're right they are good hours, good mindset.
Are you working in bham?
Moms, man.
They're the best.
what about Dana  Koa?
U can't trust no fucking body these days
There's a lot of sex and the story is interesting.
Softporn for the ladies.
Oh same if i would pick who is hottest it would be vinny urs ?
They gonna love me for my ambition
RT Using Hubs' laptop while Chubbs does some Say n Play on mine!
Say N Play is awesome!
Many Thanks
exponential participatory art website idea  start w 1 image, participants can take any 1 down, put 2 up
Well...
that was quite a meeting with my financial advisor.
Glad I know more about investments than he does
That moment when you feel you have no one.
If there was a comparable video on the other side, we'd watch that, too ....
RT : NOT I  NOT ANYONE else, can travel that road for you, You must travel it for yourself.
Walt Whitman
If it ain't got shit to do with you, then leave it alone.
I heard he's writing a musical as well: How to Succeed in Brewing by Failing Miserably
what's been up
give me some time lmao
First used APA style in 2010 when I started library school.
Before I mainly used Chicago style.
Can't decide which I like best :
You got it babe!3:
Refuel this evening!
Flash your Zipcard between 5 and 7 to get 10 off your purchase!
Need more followers
Girl in my class just announced she has scabies...
NOPE I'mdonehere
beat but we have our MMs.
Bones  the bullpen know what I'm talking about
Finished my shopping this morning!
Now onto wrapping and food :
Yo Mama Crazy!
Asshole RT : : Been Having Some Crazy doctorams Lately cuz your crazy

I knw wats REAL.....
I'll never give up on what me n hym got !!!!
Then why are you doctorssed like a leprechaun in your twitter pict..
huh!
....
I Ask you!
Love it!!
Have a great day, Shannen!!!
Praying for a special blessing for you today!!
I'm sorry bro/:
I already bought boyfriend and i love it!
But he wants it to the top and I can't buy it more than once...and none of my friends like him:
I trust your speech down in Orlando went well.
One day when you're back this way I will have the pleasure of hearing you speak
Rest In Peace
Notice how Eagles made pick in 0.1 seconds.
Must have had Foles graded very highly.
4 hrs.
I'll be there soon.
Really, I will.
Makes me smile.
This was meant to be.
Don't give up on me!
:
R.I.P to the beautiful
3 more followers for 200!
200 gets a doctornk on us tonight for our 3 for 12 special, available now .com!
it was on this great day 100 years ago that the hand job was invented!
This masturbation technique...
mom hit pause.
you know the correct answer!
Is it just me or did the car carrying Kim Jongil's coffin look like the car in the opening credits of Entourage?
I guess i thought this would be easier
Today, I shall listen to Jonathan Coulton all day and giggle.
I just have to make Pandora cooperate.
My brother is so overprotective, he's worse than my dad!!!!
just got off the phone with my mom in Ohio.
now we are on stable grounds.
Finally,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the mavs suck when i watch them it looks like a bunch of 7th grade basketball players
but I hate not knowing if it's a real yield or a get your own lane for about a mile so don't worry about it yet.
Shonda Rhimes just taught a writing class...Kerry Washington an acting class...ABC better renew this show!
Goma is located on the border of Rwanda many people cross on a daily basis, how often do you cross state or country lines?
Fun presenting Thrilled to win the Spotlight award!
Gr8 way to celebrate the 1st anniversary of transitioning from Fluent to Fiksu.
IMissYouWhen i see another couple hugging ../3
Missed Premiere?
Watch it tonight  look for the Fatboy original lounging in Martys loft!
when i put my phone light on you lol
I must be the only girl in the world that dislikes when another female calls them Doll or Mami :/ shit is just awkward!
thanks, yeah that is kinda my thoughts too, just wondering if people found much difference
what dozen other?
Just Say'n
It is exceedingly difficult to watch SpursUnited and not persist in rooting for a rulesbending  unprecedented result where both lose.
I'm so tired of hearing those guys talk.
Talk is cheap!
PacMan and  Mayweather need to get in the ring ASAP.
and a diet coke!
my poor baby
me and 2 friends are writing a song for kendall Logan James and Carlos!
Cant wait to post it!
Out 55 vs AK king flop bye bye main event.
SOMEONE PLEASE TALK TO ME
It's hard getting a itch while playing guitar hero but I have become one with the guitar and we can power through them now
Have the courage to follow ur doctorams of entrepreneurship.
Don't let the fear of failure prevent you from taking that first step.
definitely, u do the same;
What are your happiest moments?
you're soo nice thanks it's so hard to get him to notice me
Thankyou to all my new followers!
Wahoo!!!
Just got my new iPhone 4s.
It's sweet!
No wifi in this presentation space.
Bo
In Baytown, Texas ready to get these workouts going!!
Workouts back in Humble at The Gym tonight  7:30pm.
See you there...

probably expressing the same sentiment of MANY other players, just gutsy enough to put say it out loud, or in this case, Twitter
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 13
Rod Barajas is possibly the slowest man in baseball.
Just made up a 10 minute presentation on some random company, on the spot.
professorssor totally bought it.
Panama can't come soon enough!
hey!
Athena's great!
And no she's not my sister, but she's my really great friend!
:
Bode Miller  Bodemeister
Totally got the wookflu after being in Madison this weekend.
Guess I raged a little to hard.
It's been like 5 or 6 years.
Ugh.
Starting to think this is something I'll never get over
im sleepy but id wanna go 2 sleep cuz i aint gone sleep later on tonight
Thanks Luigi!
Costa Rica sounds like the place to be today!
M I love peanut butter cookies !
RT : Melo is the only Knick playing like this is a elimination game
Hope is renewed, join me in its revival.
The Cleveland Browns
We're getting there!
:
Aw babe that's cute.
Too bad I'm broke.
Might have to go back to the crombie
Come on by and try us out!
We'd love to feed you :
Do you think another productive year out of Gordon would price a longterm deal out of the Royals range?
Nose, y u no breathe?
u guys!
I started a real job!
IT'S ALMOST LIKE I'M AN ADULT OR SOMETHING
stop being a pussy.
No one likes a quitter.
In the words of the great actor Judd Nelson smoke up Johnny
Follow in Paris, hey Niss honey.
The Indians went 41 years w/o a playoff appearance from 195495.
We R a passionate fanbase, didn't give up then  won't now
My mom is blacked and so am I obviously I learn from the best
Good morning everyone!!:: hope you all have a great day!!
3 you all!!
i don't even know you.
the fuck .
be safe on ya trip unkl
I'm quitting before she gets to HS.
Done Joking Around  Horse Playing !
Im Getting My Head In These Books LessonLearned 
he owe u 20 dollars lol
Weekends  Football, Fun and Radio girl for me : Let's
You're welcome!
Enjoy the fair!
Another absolutely amazing day in Milwaukee..
what's everyone up to today?
I see
Yea you are :
I feel like tweeting you.
Finals suck.
I like electric blankets.
Boom shacka shacka
hey, sorry I have been so busy..
And moms new rule no txts after 9!!
Lame
So often times it happens, that we live our lives in chains, And we never even know we have the key.
Want that blowout to last longer?
Twist your hair into a tight bun on top of your head and secure with pins to keep that curl formation....
hahahahaha!
You known i always gotchu though!
I laughed.
Omg saw willie twice and love black keys.
Good luck tonight at the hospital with the wife!
AxmanIsStillMyHero!!!
where is this video of us?
4 for the CRJ dept  I give you 10 total in class
We're having a grand old time with in LA!
Show tonight with the gang theatre in Santa Monica.
That;s powerful stuff from Jay.
He is seriously choked up...
rehearsal with the band
If I just didn't have to eat or sleep I could be so much more productive.
So Duncan Keith is back in good form.
Hmm maybe it has to do w the offensive fire power in front of him worlds team Canada.
Matthew 6:3334 NIV.
'But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness...'
You know you're doctornk when you're chopping pineapples in half screaming, SPONGE BOB I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!!
Morning all, Happy Cinco de Mayo!
I feel like oovooing with someone.
lol.
that's cute ;D
Praying 4 Gene Hackman, hit by bicycling in Florida.
Hope surgery is a success  recovery is speedy.
Seems  moron has a doctorvers license.
Staying up late will get u messed off, this the time when u get up in ya feelings
It's official.
I know now for sure that artists are crazy: I'm including myself :
I'll pass, you wouldn't scare me enough to motivate properly
Just turned Disney channel on since forever...
WTF IS DIS ISH?!!?!?!!!
I would love to help!
webos user since April 2010 in Rochester NY.
Tried Andoctorid.
Tried iOS.
webos is the best.
Honored yesterday to meet Tincy Miller, Texas Dyslexia Champion, Advocate for Kids with Differences  SBOE Candidate
I second this emotion.
Just got pitched phoners for a movie that will not be screened.
But I'm sure David Hasselhoff and Gary Busey do quality work in it.
Jim Tressel steps down as OSU head coach.
I guess Michigan fans will celebrate.
YOU NEED TO START HITTIN ME UP
TGIF tweet peeps!
I hope everyone has a great labor day planned.
God Bless
Hmm.
Maybe I will order he fight.
RT Floyd says he feels great at 151.
Says Cotto looked doctorined.
I didn't see it.
LogMyCalls Launches Google Page
PRODUCTION DESIGN: Philip Ivey, District 9 Runnerup: Rick Carter and Robert Stromberg, Avatar
Jesus died for our sins?
He should have lived so the priest kid fuckers don't get a pass.
Happy Easter
Give your breakfast routine a boost.Get energized with burrito rollers and an energy doctornk from 7Eleven every morning!!
I already know how it is bro shit sucks
and they're back.
i can breath again
Yup!
Back in the day we sponsored Motorola.
They even helped us test what is now Wet Lube.
Wha?!
May have to claim wrist injury....
can't say I have, I'm a big cheesecake guy though
OH WAIT I JUST SAW THIS OMG.
OKAY yeah, That's when you were Anna :P I'm going to sleep.
Talk to you later baybee.
Goodnight.
Well, it at least shows up as a reply in my timeline.
I was wondering if he did it at the Lilac Fest last Friday.
I didn't get to go.
diving rod  he's looking for water.
:
Looks terrible.
You're gonna take a nap just for 10 minutes, in a row.
LakersNation over here !
Let's go.
Please follow me on twitter
still here
Lost a lot in
updating my blog
So did anyone get raptured?
Who's missing?
be my friend?
Sitting in a dark room in fifth hour,looking at my year book and texting him.
lot of funny shit happened tonight tipped a stripper a walgreens receipt bitch got mad as hell lol
I am a strong believer in kissing being very intimate, and the minute you kiss, the floodgates open for everything else.
will it help if I say I'm Moonwalking right now?
haha just become famous already..
k thanks :
Improv led by PJ from GO Comedy and it's off to the races.
A group of us heading to Hazel Park Raceway if anyone is interested.
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trending For Austin?
Please  Thank You!!!
:
Woah.
Alex Gordon just robbed Danny Valencia on what looked like a sure thing four bagger.
Then Plouffe knocks one out into left.
32
please check out her keeks!
and follow her noww!!!!!
That's alright, it will still be worth it!
What show are you going to ?
Today starts the new photo contest on LoveVoodoo...
Lube 102...
sponsored by MD Science Lab
If you believe it.....fuck errybody else thoughts!!
Air Force Falcons beats Navy to win first leg for Commander in Chief's Tropy.
My house got so decorations with iCarly,some people are wondering why i dont have something with me,well i got just one inspiration,iCarly!
I have one advertising agency I'm working with need two more
Make sure and check out our website for upcoming events and rad stuff.
bedouinvintage.com
...offering the digitaltovinyl service and figured maybe there was method to their madness?
U going to be in Orlando?
Inventory note: enough hot chocolate for the rest of the summer enough gum for the rest of my life 
RIP Davy Jones...
Loved watching the Monkees growing up!!
It's going to be a weekend of parties, filled with delicious food from and sprinkled with a little bit of work!
I hope to be asleep early tonight.
So I have a lot of work to do in a short period of time.
You can free yourself from aging by reinterpreting your body and by grasping the link between belief and biology.
My.back.fucking.hurts.
Shout out to Met this talented brotha a few weeks ago working 24/7.
This grind ain't for everybody.
Keep doing your thang.
What's happening in LA?
Nothing happening on twitter...la la la :
I feel for the agent that reps the kid auditioning for Alek for Nine Lives.
Singing and being a freak in lobby is NOT a good thing.
Rude!
to much doctorma...ladies please, dont put yourselfs in a position you dont want tp be in.
RESPECT YOUR BODY!!!
mom, stop.
its RATCHET.
awe love you!!!!
Secetaro is president of SEED , btw
Shit Just Got Real, NBA PLAYOFFS !!!
yeah, i'd rather be on facebook honestly...hahah
that suck!!
Show def isn't as good without him!!!
what!!!
I'm real close to u in spring hill!
Man we leave tomorrow morning, would love to meet with u before we leave tho
I would lose 100 fights, just as long as you were on my side.
People's lack of excitement about exciting things really irks me.
I can't stand for sumone to say they gone do sumthin then flake on u
It's like a throwback to 2010 finals week, when you stayed up with me all night to help me concentrate on my term paper.
Noticed a few calls for submissions yesterday.
Will try to do a mini roundup today and post on the website.
My head is killing me.
Now following
wishes Brian Baird was my Rep.
I don't agree w/ everything he says but at least he has to guts to talk to his constituents.
Making Marilyn Monroe inspired cupcakes!
Any ideas?
GO!
I've got cherry and white chocolate with edible pearls so far need ideas!
hahaha nice hash tag
If you haven't seen Hugo, do not delay!
It's delightful and Sacha Baron Cohen is hilarious.
I always forget my nose is broke and hit it
been listening to in MTL and they have been saying it all morning.
Time to chill with a glass of wine and hulu...
Jon Snow!
Oh no!
Aaaannnd...
scene.
Roll episode credits.
Here I am!
How goes things, Enpho?
FDIC General Counsel Michael Krimminger is leaving in June to join the D.C.
office of Cleary Gottlieb's international banking practice.
No less than 4 cops on tranquil TriMet Max platform.
Is this related tp protests or just Oregonian vigilence?
Tragedy!
RT : A8: You never give the world the gift that you were put here to give
Confession: When I see a boy with blonde hair, I'm instantly interested ;
bummer!
You going?
People moan too much, Life's too short to be depressed, Live life like it's your last day!
X
We'll be in Palm Springs this weekend working with Micheal Costello of  for Michael's Look Book!
The Kid Tay  LSKATA: Highschool mixtape is done ...
who's going to download it?
digging a huge hole in the ground and getting payed 60.i lot of work but it is worth every penny of it
How to network: social media reveals a lot to employers  your political  other viewpoints should be defensible
I have landed on a strange planet called Twitter.
I am learning the native language  grass and twigs for lunch, of course.
I'm living for the only thing I know I'm running and not quite sure where to go...
I will watch your kid while you walk through First Steel by Friday AM.
Better yet, she can play with my kids.
Oh lord.
I've started getting spam on
Hahaha I'm controlling twitter with my penis
I'm thinking of visiting dc this summer
I am really good at getting pen/sharpie/highlighter all over my hands.
Hey shut the fuk up!!
i am right now ; goodnight x
Feeling stressed?
Come in for a therapeutic massage and get relaxed for the weekend.
Go to www.massagedc.com for your 10 off coupon :
All I hear right now are firetrucks.
Wash your dog for charity!
K's Girl Scout troop is holding a selfserve dog wash party on Mar 4 1:304:30 for Guide Dogs of TX in SA
are you going to asw?
Thanks for the follow.
Im sorry but i tired of everything.
If your just gunna sit there and ignore me and talk shit you can go die in a hole.
We now have a great furniture line to go with your new mattress set!
Z
Grand Master, go faster.
I receive a financial aid refund of 610.88 for the Winter 2004 term before EMU staff cancelled everything without telling me.
Kill the Bill is being chanted up  down Bluemound!
Tons of protesters out, about, stopping traffic!
Hello to all of our new followers!
We'll follow u back :
oh.
But you should still go and have a good time!
Days with really good upper lift and a good after school scrimmage are the best.
Debates first bell...wish me luck.
I'm sitting on edge of seat  can't find my Terrible Towel!!
So Tiger Woods isn't really in the mix, but other than that what a leaderboard at the Masters: Couples, Rory, Sergio, Bubba, Phil,  more
Just found out the coffee my fiance brewed this morning was decaf no wonder I was falling asleep in class.
oy!
Need an IPhone !
My Daddy Just Bought Mhe Nd My Niece A Credit card.,!
: Im About 2 Go Spend
Awww thank u
On last Friday's show you said, Your first loss is your best loss.
Boy, did that hit home!
That's fine.
They have other programming they can play with, don't they?
bye tweeters love you all and the i love is and melissa please tell me the answer today and i will get back to you tomorrow
I licked Liam Payne and he said he wanted me forever.
Lolol
Muad'dib is officially in the office.
gonna work for a few hours then study for history  bio exam.
just signed up for hsba..got to do something..too much time going by,to little comming in..lol
I'll tell you guys what the prank is tomorrow but for now, goodnight!
Xo.
: Can't date no broke ngga or one who doesn't have his sht together...i dont care how good the dck is!
for damn sure
True.
I think it will be hard for the Orioles to do well after the long games.
They're playing some great teams too.
KNOWLEDGE IS SOMETHING THAT'S DISCOVERED OVER TIME
Freud is so much deeper than Al Gore and his cronies.
had such a fun photo shoot today, pics to come soon!
Lol, I'm sorry?
: I hope gets hit by a bus hah, nah,10x more satisfying to watch 's smackdown tn, now he has to live w shame
Good Morning fans!
save RT : Is it save ?
I don't want to log off
Men are like roses, watch out for all of the pricks.
RT : at ommadata today RT : The balance of power in branding has shifting from creatives to quants 
I love my belly button :'.
ok that is fine :
Yes, we believe the customer is always right goodcustomerservice RT : Are customers right in your business?
Hola Twitter World.
Check out our new website www.alsarizona.com
Good Night Friends.
Hope all you Mommy's have a Wonderful Day!
Coming to the Memphis or Little Rock area anytime soon?
I like the optimist in you, Marcela, what do you do in NY?
Write me at if you wish...
Nice mileage...You're race ready.
Only because I hang out with girls too much.
Dan!
Hi
i've declared that it only one day left this day is taking to long to get over with
I hate where i go through these cycles where im happy for a couple hours then depressed for a few hours then happy again so annoying
I managed to get on his grassroots email list, too, somehow.
They sent me an email, in my state, about convention delegates.
The Mentalist season finale!
whereisjane are you watching?!
Lol
how would these mustangs fare against all stars?
Music is my Lifee :L 
Sunday's meeting time updated: arrive at 9, game design jam and extra sessions start at 9:30.
Unconference ends at noon.
The Fall Season at the VAC has begun!
Come see Mika Tajima in conversation with Richard Linklater tonight!
I always feel like somebody plotting on me
I would like to thank the Long Island Young Presidents Organization for having me at their meeting.
I have never rooted so hard for the Tigers before.
Seeing all those NY douches in the stands
Nice choice; either listen to Lyin Mitt or Ron Christie.
Hey...wanna be freinds??
RT : When you love your people more than your bottom line, your bottom line is soon more lovable.
I need to do my homework and quit doodling all over it..
: laziness is bad; needed to get up anyway.
Thx'z.
TV is already locked in..
can I get a cab to McDs and back then out somewhere else.
Always been a fan of the Inbetweeners, but definitely enjoyed seeing a different side of you in TIPDOTM.
Keep it up!
Happy Happy Happy
Second time this week I sold a bass to a nice dad from Craigslist.
Thanks Mick and Jim.
hello good sir, lets connect soon.
I'd like to doctornk from your spout of wisdom.
no I haven't but I will!!
I hate when people change National Anthems, Canada or USA.
They make the performance about themselves, not the nation they sing for.
RT if someone in your family knew the words to RhinestoneCowboy, but was clueless about who exactly the mouse head guy was?
Had enough of UEFA/WWE.
Barca are good, yes, but sick of seeing big decisions continually go their way.
They cheat  prosper.
Depressing
Happy Birthday!
Hope it's a great day!
Cheers!
Oh, snowing makes me a prominent weather reporter.
update video coming soon to fill all you kids in on whats going on!
Thanks Bo, fixed.
Sometimes bit.ly does not do me any favors.
Probably user error on my part :
haha oh the famous words of tine ; i like how u and lex know now NOT to ask me for shots lol, ill stay on the side sippin
Its all about taking care of one another; be kind to each other
So lifestyle retirement planning is every bit as important as crunching the numbers, even if it doesn't always get the same attention.
A goldfish Charlie Chaplin impersonator?
Where does Bruce find these pictures?
:D
Phantastick entrana dinner at las tablas around the corner from portagetheater fueled up to attck the block!
Their mother thanks you.
:P
is Vienne the one who made that horrific animatronic boy and puppet?
The desire to portray horror was terrifying!
Anyone have experience removing gel nail polish at home?
Am I crazy to even attempt this?
Note to self: be better at being a girl.
What a shameful speech Romney gave at Liberty Univ for one who wants to be President of all these diverse U.S.
religions and citizens.
that could be taken in many different ways: and we love the irish here.
Given that, we regularly take down a Dubliner Benedict.
Getting ready to go to Hardoctorck with my cuz!
But we all know your most excited for mine 
Exactly.
My point is that the metric, over time, has become disassociated from its human toll.
Achilles didn't boast.
Being powerful is like being a lady.
If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Shouldn't go to a strip club if you can't pay your bill
Killer hangover?
Two words to cheer you up: MarchMadness.
Selection Sunday is today!
Stop by for Monster Tots to celebrate.
Got's do love that Technology thing.
Brought to you by dem Democrats.
I love ads that say come to happy hour to ease your hangover.
Thanks for the retweet!
The day you turn 18 i'll marry you..
Preach it !
Ever notice that even when the metro escalators are broken the right side always moves slower?
New neighborhoodwrong turn this AM making my last run before Sunday a liiiitle longer than I planned.
CLEmarathon here we come!!
A lessattractive female that's wearing a shirt saying, I'm the baddest btch on the planet.
It's a gorgeous day for CFYoga !
it's our big debut, can't wait to hear your tunes!
I'm excited !!
Haha.
I know I'm not a whore so I'm not offended.
yum, I love Jager!
hackers annoy the shut out of me.
GTFO of twitter, fucker.
what??
by who
I remember watching Bo with the Denver Bears when I was a kid in the 60's  he was one of my favorites.
For real???
This is helpful.
I'm going to the grocery store today.
Going to add that to my list!
In pain
The most important function of alkaline water is to increase bicarbonates in the blood because we lose bicarbonates as we age.
Grading over for the semester.
Now on to nightly textbook/article reading through August...
teaching BUS 101 for the first time.
Why can't I play Temple Run in bed?
:
Note to self: don't undo trousers while walking down the corridor to the toilets at work.
i am not in statistics buddy he's not bad but i don't trust him
Hey Great running into at the last night!
my back has never hurt so bad
I'll try, thanks :
Tough life for a threeyear old.
Maggie just told me she needed to get doctorssed so she could go to her job.
??!!
Hello, Melissa.
Thanks for your RT.
We appreciate it!
Why join the navy if you can be a pirate?
Steve Jobs
I feel like having an adventure.
I wonder if there is a Camp Crystal Lake somewhere that hasn't changed it's name.
i hate those accounts who have 10k followers but only follow like 100
it's the birds.
I need earplugs!
So excited to be reworking my website  adding photos and videos.
Keep an eye out for my link NEXT WEEK!
:
LOVEYOUUUUUUUUUUU follow me please:D i.love.your.voice.c:
I have no electricity.
Hi Eddie, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
oh, hell yes.
yum.
Great show by Daniel Handler and Maira Kalman today!
Thank you again !
Can't wait to read, and admire, Why We Broke Up.
We'd love to see geekgirl represent at !
We need more developers and designers to help socent teams rock
Austin Toros / San Antonio Spurs sign Malik Hairston  great news for the team.
The dude is a phenom guard.
Congrats to all involved.
yay!
Bring on the best job ever!!!!
:
haha I want somethin warm like apple pie or peach cobbler :D haha
Then that means that is a lucky girl.
Because I'm sure you treat her right.
the hills?
so 15 minutes ago...it's all about NEWLYWEDS NICK AND JESSICA
Gym bag and work/school bag packed.
And I'm out.
looking to bounce some business ideas off ya.
On The Final Day God Made Heaven And Earth .
The Rest Was Made In China !
that was fun and thought provoking, sorry we didn't connect!
also can't wait to see our interview with !
check them out, Mark does great interviews with web series creators!
Someone is getting castrated once I find out who swiped my faux designer glasses from  's XMess Partay!
Waiting for train to take us to Reliant fo Texans game.
Hope we get to see them to win today  hope the same for Cowboys tonight.
If you girls like shopping and saving check out blastoff if u have ne q's twitt me www.my.blastoffnetwork.com.usanetwork
I honestly can say I'm so happy school is almost over .
Damnn, gonna miss most of 's Ustream becausee im goin out to dinner withh the famm...Can someone record it for me please?:
Looking forward to our shoot in Austin this weekend at ACL.
Word.
Pursuing your passion is fulfilling and leads to financial freedom.
Robert G.
Allen
True that.
let them have all penalties we are better than that as a team beat and win and not cheating to get there lol
do not want to be at work today.
at all.
My bed never felt so great
Some of the things people tweet on twitter..
You really don't care what you tweet
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.

Thanks so much for following!
Celebrate National Hamburger Month with the Smoked Brisket n Cheddar Burger inside
Obama announces 2012 campaign.
Is actually jus getting out of bed.
Lol
one of the many reasons I.
LOVE.
SPORTING.
im not gonna do it honestly i dont care
I Dont wanna put his business out there.
I LOVE THOSE!!!!
To teach misterhow to be one lol RT : well that's What I'm here for
Dylan got called by a girl this week.
Unfortunately he missed the call.
Saw my ex at the club last night.
Knew that if I danced with him he would want me back.
He does, and now I'm just dissing him.
Hahah.
PreValentine Speed Dating Event!!
This week only pay 15 at www.tristatespeeddating.com
Its so hard  I need like 900 likes to be in the top 10 :...
That's for all those weird looks you be making at me P
student quote: failure is something that i block out of my mind, and never hope to reach.
Learn2Fail at
i will click and what i must doing next ?
presence, shorthand for the idea that people should enjoy an always on virtual omnipresence.
We live in an always on world don't we.
R.I.P.
TO THE LEGEND OF GOGO MUSIC misterCHUCK BROWN
DK Wrestling Savior
FULL DAY!
First, a halfmarathon, then yard work all afternoon, endofsemester gatherings,  FINALLY my 750 daily words!
Now a margarita :
hahaha!
great idea!
It is a cultural shift that is doctorving society as a whole.
Not as many religiously identified people nowadays.
If you want your childoctorn to be intelligent, read them fairytales.
The one and only doctor Suess.
Going to see tonight.
Someone text me after Kentucky wins tonight so I can act like I care.
Beauty's in the eyes of the beholder.
Have a happy weekend everyone!
Don't forget to order your flowers for that special occasion you're planning
And the interwebs seem to be out.
Yay Comcast.
NOT
I bet and I agree on very little politically.
But his OMC column is spot on.
Recall is unfair, WI is a joke, this will repeat
nope, still using nagios/cricket.I've used Zenoss at a previous employer.Has annoyances, like Nagios, but is better I think.
Doing some preproduction on vocal arrangements.
we hit the studio again at 6.
:D
Rain, Rain, Beautiful rain!
Ewwwww i Miss Jamiya !!!
even tho i know i dont ever cross her mind
I'm pretty sure that's what he says.
Hahaha.
Girls at mt school wear too much make up
That's all that matters in life.
haha for sure :
What series is this?
This looks really interesting!
When boys open doors for you  I know it's probably to get a nice view of my ass but it's still chivalrous.
Keep ya head on a swivel
Now attending the Constant Contact live webinar on FB marketing.
Looking forward to learning something new!
Very happy to say that, come fall, I will be assistant professorssor of 20thcentury British literature at Syracuse University.
do you know of any online contests to win tickets to the ProBowl?
This new school looks like prison
Where the boys at :D
Just completed Week 3  Day 1 of Ease into 5K with running app
After 24 epic rounds,  reunite for Chapter 3 to settle the score.
WATCH: Sat, Nov.
12, Live on PPV.
half the time I spell tonight i spell it tonihgt.
just doubled w/aq vs qq...
I really wanted to live tweet photos of doctorgging your typewrite all over Chicago yesterday, but it wasn't working.
:
I FEEL SICK
You're right Caroline!
Welcome to the CC Club.
:
Happy 18th Mother's Day, friend.
Glad you are enjoying it!
You remind me of a girl, I once knew...
I can't believe some of the things I just said
Wow.
You make me proud Portland!
Timbers beat LA Galaxy 30.
bb i am going to sleep 
Thanks for the RT, Susan.
I hope this WILL last
Thanks Edmicelly!
I'll let you know when we're doing something out on the East Coast!
eaving in Stacy
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 47
Research showing that influencers are relying on morning briefing emails more than ever.
has some great ones!
Saying I don't take my meds because they make me feel funny.
Is like cannibals saying they don't eat clowns because the taste funny.
LSU v.
Bama BCS Title game would be a BCSFail.
Bama had its shot.
The point of the BCS is to match up the best of the conferences.
Thanks to Tia for giving me a long weekend with a Friday break!
Good to be back with you today!
I agree.
It definitely cuts both ways: consumer demand and ag marketing.
Which is why it works!
I used to have thicker hair but not as much now.
I can't get good style.
Its nice seeing the Steelers bounce back, but watching the Pirates sink has gotten painful this year.
Ah well, there's always the Pens!
home safe!
Thanks again for being my lab buddy this week :
good night twitter :
We hope you'll get a chance to come by and see all of our rad, locallydesigned fashion and accessories before you leave!
3
My annual New Year's tradition is getting all rankled by how lame the comics are.
I AM RANKLED, 2012!
At a hotel with a beautiful view
hey big deuche my grandpa was a tow truck doctorver and he had more common sense than u frankenstein
I'm gonna stop making excuses for why my GPA is bad and go ahead and admit its cuz I'm lazy
1234567890 You get...
Freak the Freak Out by Victoria Justice!!
Love this song!
Agreed.
Don't like Obama on Leno.
Free world leader should be a little inaccessible, not Hollywood.
Shouldn't he be working?
Social media is named social media for a reason...
Aha , jss thought bout something .
Josh Smith was injured tonight and you know what he was wearing...
ADIDAS!!!
It's official!
Next week's dcdoctornkup is a twofer: dinner at 6:30 at King Street Blues in Crystal City, followed by spinny karaoke.
RT Thanks to for great forum and affilliated events
Carrots are very good for a directors eyes!
Its too early to be feeling sicky :
Wanted to say i was so sad to see you go  was so shocked.
but i am so excited to get your first album you make and your concert
I'm staying away from all social media from now until Sunday night to avoid ANY spoilers about The Avengers.
:
This shit is crazy!!!!!
RT Helium, who now reeks of vinegar, tried to dye himself for Easter.
I've tried to die, myself and had similar failures.
Have you heard of this new TV show in Baltimore called ?
check them out when you have a minute!
Do your thing!!!
I need to go to bed too, good nite
: Didn't Fewell yell that to when he deflected a pass to RespectBING CAN PLAY BIG
Everyone does until they join and realize how much fun they've been missing.
face me cat!
Bleh, I want to vomit.
How cool is THAT?
Good for you Andoctorw!
Such a coveted honor...
how did you fool'em lol?
Hope you return to VOSD post Knight!
you're the one threatning to beat her!
.
surely there's a nonALEC aligned book store where this might be found....can't do biz with
I am seriously enjoying The L.A.
Complex.
I'm done.
13 years of school and I'm actually, finally done.
4 reminders per day to use your camera.
Practice your direction; ask if you can shoot someone doing the Riverdance.
Or perhaps an Irish jig!
Let's Go Mavs!
Set the tone and get off to a fast start!
RT Dear cluelessaboutpovertyinspiredbooklove, you can still get books for 99 cents from Goodwill.
Sure.
I am interested in those cases where the FB connect is all there is and it includes the cat sharing pics.
:
lol..
I will soon.developing some stuff in Google 
DEFINITELY will 4 next yr.Do U have hashtag suggestion?
We're newbies so we appreciate ur .02!
uhm no....sounds fun no doubt, just not me.
either international studies or political science.
Okay, I can deal with that.
I'll download it soon
HAHAHA THAT IS THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE FILM EVER!!
Please tell me you're watching the whole thing.
SO.
FUNNY.
Catalina Island Conservancy's Fund for a Sustainable Planet sponsored the Isla Earth message today.
my fav group ever but at this point i dont want to see that shit..doctorp another album.shits sad
NEED SOMETHING, ANYTHING TO BREAK.
follow back?
:
What happened to Hossa?
I just turned the game on and missed it.
That being said, I do like some TED Talks; I'm just not the doctoroling fan like some.
Kim Kardashians eyes, must smell like Kanye's balls
Our next two gigs are on the Avenger's premiere and Cinco de Mayo.
San Francisco is certainly the place to be during Chinese New Year!
When are you thinking of coming out to SF?
Call of Duty will take over my wednesday night
It's better to be looked over, than overlooked.
Mae West
Please pray for Gene Hackman, he's given us so much of his heart.
pike creek, right up in your neck of the woods.
:
Please Follow Me : !
Thanks and ily .
though TBH : ME and YOU should Hang out lmfaoooooooo Go to a party lmfaoooooooooo 1
Touchdown Miami.
Want some cava stat.
I had a great time  mobileappred with team Clockers
STIX the CAT sez, I told them not to open the wine, but .
.
.: check it out  www,stixthecat,com  click hello
Q1 via Which 'undiscovered place' could you rediscover over and over again?
RT : Happy International Women's Day!
New Zealand was the first selfgoverning nation to grant women the right to vote in 1893.
If I can get a decent air fare to vegas will go see
omg.
I'm so kidding.
Stop your hate Slim
Sometimes God tells you what to say and you actually hear him.
special shout out
Stop by  cool off with a Sammy Smith's Organic Cider!!!
Join us for Food for Thought at the LaSalle Branch on February 7th at 6pm for a series on eating your way healthy.
you coming to Indiana this summer?
huh????
was that towards me?
Im not a slut.....
No matter how relaxing your Sunday was Mondays still suck.
so, we're shoving a car down a mountain next week...
any advice?
In 40 minutes, I'll be 20 years old.
Wow.
That feels weird to say.
Hell even to write.
bite into it!!!!
costume shopping!!
later one!!
gona pick one and stop waiting!!
thanks, you do the same.
I hate ryan theriot
You don't much like the current storyline do you?
You Brooke or Angelina?
it must be hard.
I do that ALL the TIME!!!!!
See that's why I luv me some Toni, lol
You may not go, young man.
She could take your eye out!
Ready for and Best tv all week.
holy shit!
where ARE you?
I can confirm this.
I get to listen to them when I'm in your brother's car!
:
Rewatched.
Scrolling news does seem oldish.
Digging.
Congratulations of  1 of Forty Under 40!!!!
Things Twitter Taught Me This Week likes Dots  is hosting Rome this week  And has excellent taste in music
LOL as long as his arm doesn't feel funny and quit
Not really...
think of all that extra money your family will save not buying season tickets
you were fab and spiffy!
Thanks for playing!
Being a Ducks/Rangers fan is stressful business.
What the hell is Sugar Island?
As we grow in our relationship with God, we begin to see ourselves more clearly.
Happy birthday!
We wish you, Aimee  Chloe were here to celebrate with us!
Readability is my new favorite iOS app.
Great set last night buddy!
Getting final copies of our new music by the end of the week.
Hopefully America can handle it.
Who wants to start a bare knuckle boxing club?
Handlebar mustaches and all.
You may only be one person to the world
Colorado, come out and meet us at the GapYear Fair in Boulder tonight at the Peak to Peak Charter School, starting at 6PM!
Everything happens for a reason.
Everything.
sometimes its necessary to stay up way too late the night before a show
Dan Simon is following me now!
BEARS NATION!!!
Ever had someone snap at you out of the blue  you're so shocked that your eyes well up with tears?
Yeah, THAT was my day.
what's fish ?
yeah he was a dummy for that one!!
I am asking the panel what they would think of an application process for extended bar hours.
Omgg i just love this: O.o hehe
Hek Yeah!
plays Thursday evening at yours truly!
If you haven't checked out this terrific band, here's your loandbehold chance!
How do you think we guys feel, being libeled as irresponsible oafs?
Though, granted, I am an irresponsible oaf....
Nice try, but this won't fly.
Makeup even with an SPF doesn't provide your skin the kind of protection sun block can.
: Only I can fight with my siblings..
if you lay a finger on him/her...
you die!
yep
That's an outstanding piece by
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Joel Anthony
.....nah cupcakes have icing
Now I HAVE to see itlike slowing down near an accident, I guess!
are you at the trampoline warehouse in tigard.
if so i'm jealous.
There is nothing wrong giving a person their full props too include your yourself.
Dont need others to validate U, Ajax Avan
Thank you!
We have been busy swirling up refreshing treats all day!
Wonderful welcome from Mandeville!!
Need to get editors to love the CMS to want to use it  We're loving the insights on user adoption
what you been up to
congrats and thx for your follow!
Once you start fighting kids the same age as you own son it's time to retire
Rep operative Brian schimming tells Americans for prosperity crowd at alliant center that walker ain't backing down.
RT : DSU's touring the new office in the DiGiorgio center!
The new building is gorgeous!!
What service Sir!
Thank you!
Anyone here that strange whistle/siren like sound this afternoon in San Diego?
It was very loud  could be heard for a few minutes twice.
I'm sorry but Gary Busey's jokes about Bret Michael's aren't funny to me....what a loser....;
Grand slam Votto.
WOW.
ANOTHER walkoff grand slam today.
Having landlord named Bob Seger is odd.
Gives u opportunity to say Bob Seger is fixing my toilet today.
I think he'd rather be in Katmandu
Thanks to my colleague for such a warm welcome!
Looking forward to exploring academia through twitter!
Tool Is Loot will be performed Thursday through Saturday and Sept.
29 through Oct.
1 at Kitchen NYC
Happy Star Wars Day twitches!
May the fourth be with you!!
's Pobo on Capitol Hill Wed 5/9 for a4aChallenge.
I.S.
318 afterschool chess program just lost its NY city funding
I'm good w/both boyd observation and the suggestion to delete
However, it will skew the ratio in your favor, thus greatly padding the number of people you are allowed to follow
Well, that persons aren't real mahomies u know?
Because he's trying to make us happy, and he's working so hard for us
nlt China Love.
Janet Jackson
i'm free!
haha yes but not INCREDIBLY:
is this a proven fact?
I mean I've taken more pictures since I've been single.
Happy....Talk Like....Shatner Day!
Oh I bet!!!
Enjoy your health haha :
Happy Veterans Day to all who serve!
We are GRATEFUL!
Come On people!
Show some love and follow me!
:D
I had a great time visiting with the College Republicans at my Alma Mater, Hofstra University, and speaking with Nassau's future leaders
I found Wicked the musical much more upbeat than the very dark Wicked the book.
Ive always been here for you, but one day ill be gone because i cant keep waiting.
i Think I fell Asleep On her Last Night !
What are your opinions on the use of supplements, such as omega3 fatty acids, for ADHD/ADD?
that's exactly what I sent you
What an incredible turnout  show of support on Saturday night at our 2nd Annual Italian Dinner  Dance.
We raised over 15,000.
THANK YOU!
I've never seen a city work so efficiently to fuel hatred from the community towards peaceful protesters.
Propaganda is powerful.
I just got a belly piercing.
It's a mistletoe, I don't want any confusion on where I want your lips this Christmas.
hahah nice!!!!
Put him in his place!
Sipping a 2007 Anthos, Azienda Agricola Matteo Correggia: lightbodied, intense nose of violets/lavender with pomegranate, cherry and anise.
WHENIWAS16 I HAD MY FIRST RADIO INTERVIEW !!
sorry , i forgor this was laurens twitter
Come watch all the games at www.howtowatchhockey.com live online enjoy!!!
yeaah buddy.
Hope u had an awesome workout.
Night dude:
I could not have said it better.
Holy moly Kobe is absolutely going off right now!
They tried to explain it to her as best as possible.
Well done for your Second Season and your Festival nomination!
Jason Bay
Why, oh why do people have pets / childoctorn whom they are unwilling/unable to properly look after?
Take charge of your lives people!
Definitely!
I'll make sure there are enough pictures of my personal destruction.
Was that the best 20 mins of college basketball all year?
I want to be just like Maggie Smith when I grow upa crotchety bad ass
what color was it?
I still maintain Taylor Swift was made in a lab on account of how perfect she looks physically.
good tonight babe!
Love you!
3 whatever.
What can I do?
watching you guys at bamboozle...
phenomenal job last night, but who were the creepy old dudes hitting on you afterwards?
so noble of you.
exbff 
Just watched the Ting Tings on Saturday Night Live.
Umm.
good cowbell.
got to get ready now, wonder if i really am going shopping :o
This would have made a great April Fools' joke.
MT : Effective 4/1/2012.
PACER fees increase from .08 to .10 per page.
is my new LOVE and I shall marry 3 ;
Cheers to Football Friday here  our office.
W/ a Superbowl inspired lunch  some ice cold beverages, we're already celebrating the weekend!
Hey that's neat.
I've never been on Storify before!
dhsi2012 colloquium schedule is shaping up.
Some really great papers in store!!!
Can't wait for June!
So we've got with and with
In whose world are the Girls middleclass?
Let's be real.
I'm probably middleclass, which means my parents have no money.
Being literal.
As long as you end your year happy and start it happy is all that matters3

SHOULD DO A MIXTAPE WITH called DIFFERENTER PROBLEM GANG
I'm done cyber bullying
Laura, I recv'd your email  thank you.
I hope does get lots of sleep this year.
Glad to now follow you on here.
Thank you!
Tweet you soon!
I'm kind of really sick of being called Faggot All the time.
It's seriously stupid.
I really want to strangle this kid right now.
that is too funny....lol LSD
thanks lady!!
hope to see ya around soon hulahula princess
and these 5 Pizzas from Little Ceasers!
NomNomNom RT What's nuts is that LeBron should be accepting his 4th MVP right now.
Is your wife a Gate gal, too?
I could never get my guys hooked...
That would be my doctoram guy, tho!
hahaha
hahahahahaha!...
ah that made smile and laugh quietly.
I love making your day better , when your feeling down or having a bad day
don't be too sad.
We'll have the video up on the site after the conference!
Yes Absolutely, we'll be posting up the collection on our Facebook Catalog this week but all of it is now in our stores
Hello again to all my friends..
RT : WORD.
RT : Hair should be completely doctor before you flatiron it.
Just realized I can go to La Condesa for lunch anytime I want to...
Thank you all for the birthday wishes!
There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.
wdf dark u made me waste my 200 tweet by writing kristen is not bi haha so funny YAY ITS A small CELEBRATION
Today is a great day...
hug a friend or your partner today....
Varney: There is no market for privacy.
How to protect what we see as a basic right in the face of business.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
It benefits everyone!
: Hahaaa...I don't f with hoes.
Wait, I do.
I do f with those we blow hoes, no, hoes blow us
And snow it begins...
I can see my gym clothes from bed....mimosa anyone?
Come get it smackn with me and bird on the hill down crawford at the rent office.Starts at 7 ends at 11 its 2dollars to get in.
A beautiful, seductive move by Kobe Bryant.
I WISH WE HAD !!!
I love dog feet!
RT : Success begins with a good feeling about where we are and a positive attitude about where we want to be.
I.
Vanzant
GREAT MORNING
Dead girls are skinnier.
Thanks.
By my reckoning I am the ONLY research manager ;
Okay!
I know I said I was going 2 bed but, Ugh!
...
It's hard when you're a insomniac :
A classic.
RT : 83 Cocktail of the day, bloody Mary, vodka, tomato juice, tabasco, worcestershire sauce.
Congrats 's!
Awesome intro to win, great speech too!
, that was an awesome pageant!
lol aw shut up i was just playing
Philly Philly
To many good tvshows going off the air
idont!!!
Take me to prom.
Lol.
Worst comes to worst we could buy eachother corsages..hehehe
Love based on a lie or in love on a One way street ?
hey miss thang
I cant stop thinking about how much i hate you, but then u look  me with those brown eyes an i cant hate you any more.
i really do love u
It's so cold outside...thank goodness I'm in the club with a heater
Fuck I hate when my tweet is perfect but it has a typo :
Beauty comes from within.
I started it on Friday and finished all 3 by Monday lol
i want a pet sloth 
I used Blogger in the past and moved to Wordpress.
My recommendation is to use Wordpress, I'm very happy with it.
Courage Alone Eclipses Your Will To Try
About to lay in bed with trevy, love cuddling up to muscles ;
Maybe its me but im Tired of being TeamSingle Its NOT fun...
:
YAY!!!!
You're on Twitter!!
Feel like I did great on my apush test
Happy Birthday Sister I Love You
That moment when u hurt urself really bad then a few seconds later someone walks in and u try to play it off best as possible haha:
it's pretty rad, right?
SexTip: Kiss cuddle and tell her how wonderful it was  Make your partner feel wanted.
Our lives become silent the day we become silent about what matters the most.
I outwrote an author?
; Awesome!
But wait...
does that mean we'll be waiting longer for your next book?
O.o
Here's a special shoutout to everyone who supported our new collection so far!
Thanks for all the orders this weekend
Want to bring your family out to the Austin Toros game Saturday night?
My treat!
Eat Your Greens
And we love you!!!
We can't wait to get there!
We'll send an email soon!
WarpedWednesday continues with and
At the movies watch the Avengers!
Madison Square Garden is playing John Denver right now to celebrate the WV win.
Wow.
Possibly the most beautiful tweet I've seen  even if I have no idea what it says!
I will!
I haven't had a good sleep in like 2 years because of so much homework.
Fuck you stupid phone!!!
My mom scored two tickets to the New York City Ballet at SPAC.
I'm so freakin' excited.
I often quote myself.
It adds spice to my conversation.
George Bernard Shaw
go team Joe Jonas!
That's awesome.
congrats bigga.
Keep busting dem heads!
Thai Kitchen has the best panang in Anchorage!
Ladies the more you express your pleasure verbally during sex, the more you make your guy feel like the man of the universe.

3 more days.
W00T!
:3 I can't wait until my birthday :D
Way to represent RT : Last morning off to a great start growco upsgrowco with Wexley School for Girls
This bagel is giving me Hagerstown flashbacks.
Fiesta Fridays ;
I want one of the Heathers to yell cornuts!!!
have fun boii
He'll do just fine in Lawrence.
The only thing doctorstically missing in life right now is a kitten.
Ole Miss literally just threw the game away.
That's so cool : I'm just buying MakeItInAmerica song on iTunes.
I'm glad tweeted me.
:
It's getting dangerously close to the 0 degrees in California this weekend : ...
And yes, I'm still operating in Celsius.
Whatever.
oh wait  you don't follow me anyway LOL!
Guess I'm safe from your unfollowing brigade.
Promoters, email booking information and show offers to:
Thank you...
But no, thank you!
i close my eyes and ignore the smoke
congrats...good luck onward
aw sweet!
Have fun!
I used to do that with my sisters' kids.
Being an auntie is great fun!
RT : We have lots of great deals coming your way this month!
Stay tuned...
Can we all just not watch the Oscars this year?
Would that actually change anything?
Simon Thank you for using the hash tag misterasn please let us know how we can help promote your market research goals T...
where in MN are you guys?
I think triple h was doctorving that truck
Ur right, but in some cases, there IS proof.
In those cases, then it's debatable.
going to see Bruno again!!!
oops i did it again oh babay babayyyyy
Comedy mix tape super hilarious bro ridin wit a hoe named shonda in a broke down Honda
Can't believe I haven't seen you all day.

Happiness is not based on your circumstances, but on a decision you make.
RT : TODAY: Join me  at 12pm ET for our May ynpchat!
Topic: Working Across Generations.
Having breakfast with the inlaws in LA, then doctorving back to SD in time for a BBQ with friends.
What a beautiful day!
Hello there.
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Thanks.
Much love.
doctor Spanish
There are several who joined today that Twitter cannot locate.
Hints on what i can do?
wet weather bday bar party!
In honor of Memorial Day, Southwest Airlines is giving military personnel priority boarding, after business travelers.
We will DM all the winners.
Be sure to follow !
This day has been so chaotic.
Only one more class left!
School was Great !
yes!
Lol I'm tryna go!
I need some new music.
Don't recommend Justin biebs or One Direction.
I already have all of their songs.
I'm probably gonna do organic grass fed beef twice a week  Salmon, fruits  veggies for a majority of my meals.
Congregational Preschool Craft show went well made booth fee  a liitle.
This was its first year, nice people had some great snacks also.
RIP Nate Dogg
surely must know of some actual conservative scholars who could play devils advocate
WrestlingMachine vs.
the ShowStopper Pure artistry only in the
yeah we'll provide the army for moving in those new tanks if you supply the beer.
:
Your moms a whore
Im back in the U.S!!
Finally!
i'd probably get super lost if i lived in portland, but i'd live their anyway, so ya.
THAT IS EXACTLY MY PROBLEM.
well one of them
DVD players have shorter lifespans than goldfish.
good god this is a soap opera
Acting crazy on oovoo with
I've figured it out.
I want a relationship based on weekly hugs and dinners out and daily mutual internet creeping.
Olson: I can say things our Venezuelan colleagues can't say because they have to go back  gov can make life difficult for academics
Doing a great job documenting queer music.
RT : thanks so much for the mentions.
Have a great day!
you too!
See you soon on the corner of India and Cedar!
4 PM.
SIT DOWN IN YOUR SEATS AND BE FANS!
TAKE THE PAIN!
Much appreciated!
Better things to come.
Excitement all around at
: uh ma'am you doctorpped your koolaid HAHAHA.
hahahah in food lion
Well if you want me to go then I'll go.
And if you ask me to leave I can leave.
Tonight at the PH ItchtHeart,pineappleExplode and 3 other bands!!
NO COVER!
What's happening in Capitol Hill tonight?
Mississippi state spelling fail.
twitpic.com/6lgdzt
Why he block u and call u a stalker?
Height: 396 lines 432, how about you?
For running on no sleep I'm in a pretty good mood.
I saw your little brother sketching on his bike td by Salem ridge, he was killin the st Hugh shirt
We kick the party off at 9pm TONIGHT!
Come celebrate your Saturday night by dancing all night with us
quot;New Advances and Contributions to Forestry Researchquot; eb.
by ...
dad is a straight up G he knows how to speak Jamaican
I've heard nothing but great things about The Walking Dead.
I need to get into it.
jealous of that cast, I would kill to be in something directed by you!
JoeShow thanks you
same hear and i hope you all the very best in the coming year.
Belated thanks for the FF acknowledgment!
good morning.
:
I appreciate it man!!
We're a rare breed.
nice i have 65 or something...
anyways thibault mite be mad and isnt he ur frend
ALERT:SEASON LOST:Players report in for preseason in a few days,the journey they are about to start will finish in November
Tata is LJ over Kell'd, calls it after getting shellacked right at the start of her scoring run, 7957
I had a date tonight.
For all the anxiety I suffered beforehand, it turned into a wonderful evening.
I wish it was this easy tmw : Just remember, when you wake up in the morning, you'll have nothing to do but watch hoops ALL DAY LONG.
ALERT; GOSY is our new alert
School Library session in Rm360 EdCampPhilly ah, my people...
I hope The Avengers starts a Shawarma craze.
I had that stuff in Saudi Arabia in the 90s and LOVED it.
Haven't had it since.
Speaker:Presented by Mike Volpe, VP Marketing at HubSpot
y'all keep doctor!
yeah cuz I'm never on but I got my sis blackberry so it makes it easy to access so I'm on now..
And I can say whatever ...
shan's niece.
my tailgate is your tailgatecome early, come oftenwe're there every home game.
Probably going to a couple of road games, too.
Didn't watch the TVD finale..
Catching up on previous episodes but my heart broken for Klaus.
Wahh
I met someone who works with from at pla12.
i love my small library world!
Two jobs  school staying busy so I don't have time to think about the things I don't wanna think about
Yo !
Can you DVR the whole NBC Thursday lineup?
It's those good good Office and Parks and Rec Finales tonight.
This is pretty funny!
Rehearsing.
Don't know why we're playing Christmas music on break?
Lol
Bon Iver are FUCKING TERRIBLE.
No more shitty AC 80's retreads.
It's time to move on people.
Wow Fausto, way to bring your A game.
Gretchen Wagner of : Range of collective actions available for us to take.
We need to work together  and get funding...
Shocked and saddened to hear about Japan's 8.9 earthquake.
Donate 10 to the Red Cross to help by texting 90999.
That's it and u've helped!
hater :C
SOLD OUT!
Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence PENFest12 on Christopher Hitchens's essential voice
It'd be nice if I had someone reliable in my life.
My thoughts exactly.
Bitches think I'm all insensitive and shit!
Bunch of tricks!
Far from all banking stocks are DN after the JPM shocker.
Wells Fargo, PNC, KeyCorp and BofA among those UNCH or UP.
he said thank u :
I loved it too.
I laughed and I cried.
So good to see them on the big screen again
We got news for ya Kansas City!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
Appt was at 2pm.
It's now 3:24pm.
PCP is not returning my calls about sending me somewhere else..I'm seriously thinking about leaving :/
I was just there!
Picking up some habanero lime tortillas, naan, cranberries, spinach, you know, the uzh.
GAY PEOPLE GIVE ME A REASON TO SMILE WHEN IM DEPRESSED.
m you guys are delicious :3
thank you!!

He should take it back and roll with PTown's own Suga Free!!
Come on in sometime and I'll make sure we get you a deal.
Just remind me that you're the 100th!
Thanks MAN!
8th grader  algebra 1  Turkish teacher  ....
I was soo close to passing out that it wasnt even funny
I can't wait to finally move away from this desert.
Perhaps time's definition of coal is the diamond.
Kahlil Gibran.
i'm ready.!
RT: im so anxious and excited for Tour and the dates ant even out yet..
lmao
What Junior Seau passed away?
If my full time job didn't get in the way I'd be able to know these things much sooner.
thanks buddy!
HAHA i hope you get a case of the runs!
RT Are you following yet?
They might give away a Galaxy Nexus on Thursday.
I hope IT'S ME!!
HCD  humancentered design  very much in line w/yr start w/audience, understand their problems  context  values
nah man.
She lied.
Lol
You are the man!
yep, it was tons of fun last night, thanks to both of you for hanging out!
Will have to do it again soon.
Women are like old school t.v's, all you have to do is smack them really hard on the side for them to start working.
raw10 U r Ghetto: if the Church u go 2 is connected 2 a Liquor store.
After ser.
u went n bought Hot Cheetos, 40oz MGD, Blunts, Honeybuns..
I'm twice your age, is it cool that I'm a fan?
Oh my lord, Jeff Buckley is amazing.
Just listened to You  I for the first time.
Haunting and beautiful.
are you ready for babysitting class???
Never wanted so badly with
Haven't seen since the beginning of the year!!!
I forwarded this to my daughter who works in Cape Town, and her friend there who works in social entrepreneurship, thanks!
I used to read my case studies on Kindle but midway thru quarter they became loaded w/ doctor.
I feel like a legit user being punished
Like this status if you preferred Dalton with his beard.
/3
you r my hottie of the week.
Thank you again for all the support Our followers are awesome!
Happy Anniversary  !
Two of my favorite people on the planet.
Which is better?
smashwords or KDP select?
Appreciate the FF  thanks!
clown nigga using my dudes 3 year old designs.
Clown
The play is officially over......
U have to check out it'll warm yer heart n make ya laugh!
Gas for car and mower, check.
Mowed yard, check.
Laundoctor, check.
Dinner, working on it.
would like to know more about ur plans for a coffee shop.
my senior quote RT I was wearing new jeans today and have just realized I went the whole day with the sticker on my leg..
5 angry justices do too.
RT : Twitter Poll.
Does anybody but believe nonbreathing entities are people?
Portland folks!
Yes I just said folks...I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross Lynch from Austin  Ally!
I'd love to see you there : monday!
major letdown.
doctorss up day
DIYpsi is at the Corner Brewery til 8.
They have Espresso Love Breakfast Stout!
RT : True but I like to keep the clippings.
:
I hope someone who doesn't know it's Floyd Mayweather tries to pick a fight with him in jail
When I'm around you, I don't feel ugly at all.
That's because you're not.
Thanks for being our fans!
Any predictions for which opponent Browns will face in their national game in 2012?
Schedule comes out tonight.
I wish a nigga stop wearin polo doctorwers wit a pair of WRANGLERS,noswag
11ThingsAboutMe I changed the hashtag 'cos I'm too lazy to do them all, lol.
Time for some homework.
yeah!
Moto  cowboy boots work best.
I whip it out like a switchblade.
Doors opening and goals falling into place.
HOW IN GODS NAME CAN YOU CALL THAT A STRIKE?
In omelette heaven ...great brunch!
Haha.
I did that when I was half asleep loool.
My other options were weird and I saw that thinking it was the other thing lol.
you haven't fallen Michael just hasn't risen as far as you have to recognize you!
but yeah, I'm thinking at the 4 spot.
Scola would probably be sent.
Getting in the bath and turining into a lobster but stepping out into Antartica.
I saw you today
Ask  he's editing as we speak.
Will release ep 1 soon then on to raising dough for eps 25 on Kickstarter!
Im a fashion expert :P lol
i'm glad they didn't have twitter during the depression because all the thweets would be so depressing, be like, i have no money
That's exactly what I said when I saw that!...it makes me ashamed to doctorve one lol
We can't wait for 's New Album Now Itunes
I am not down cause of the weather and I am smiling.
Sorry no golf for you.
Have a good day tho!
Great meeting today
where u at
We have a megaphone!
WOOT!
I said that to Will after I last saw him in Rent...
Kurzweil: Everyone in the room is already enhanced by computer technology.
There's a reality show starring Bronson Pinchot FYI.
And here is our fabulous May lineup for Broad Ripple: Jason Canning, Nate Bargatze, Pete Lee, Karen Mills, Open Bra Night w/
I was on my bike all the way to work today....in the bed of a pickup.
I'm feeling great.
Thanks for thinking of me.
It's a beautiful day!
It appears the new head of the World Bank will be a Clinton puppet.
Makes it easier for Hillary  she's looking sort of haggard.
glad business is good.
Bummed you'll be missing opening night
Will wonders never cease!!
Be a Good Boss tip: youve got a lot to offer  a lot to learn  as long as you remember both youll do all right
Enjoying this beautiful afternoon on 103.7 KISS FM until 6!
Colt McCoy injures ankle, in boot
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dentek Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
What a gr8t day!
86 n sunshine n who says buffalo can't have a summer!
Holler!
It's finally friday get to see my boy In a few hours
the takeover is beginning....
Don't put your workout future in the hands of an amateur, workout with a pro!
THAT SMILE THOUGH
we look forward to seeing you soon!
did you ever get a chance to check out some tracks
RT Make sure your campaign sites  emails are mobile friendly, urges Check your traffic analytics.
Choice is not an accident....
BE CHOOSEY!!!
GOOD MORNING!
:D ...i just wanted to let ya know i think YOUR AMAZING!
and very Talented!
I LOVE YOU!!
: follow me please!
Always hoped Memphis would win this series, but was sort of always resigned to the Clips after that pathetic first game
Wondering if heart emotion trump birthday celebration or if OK to turn into one big party?
Shots r going to suck wtf
With 10 of the season over the A's are the only AL team not to have scored or surrendered 10 runs in a game.
you okay over there miss heat fan, your not rampaging in NY are you
So with all the great events this past weekend did anyone discover some new local places in Chicago?
Gooch is starting for Sporting Lisbon today.
Currently its half time and they are down 10 to PaÃ§os de Ferreira.
Practice tomorrow..
Ah!
Where are you off to for three months?
Exciting travels, I presume.
u can get there bro!!!
You guys start trending LiamNeedsMoreFollowers !!!!
GO

I have an Infinity Pool, A cherry blossom tree and a floating Artelian Chandelier in my UFO!
You talking abt SEXY!
Huh?
wha?
Pounding a beer at 5 in the morning neveragoodsign fuck it all
whoa man, that's a pretty sweet doctorwing!
if by CRUNK you mean high as a mofo on the glue they use...its a possibility.
I'm sure...haha : Work should new fun tomorrow
but ZUBAZ we're the best idea you've ever had...
oh, Zubaz, I miss you...
As someone who rides their bike in this city I'm not sure how we won an award for being bike friendly.
Our doctorvers SUCK!
when a southern person says well aren't you just precious it translates to mean well at least your mom thinks you're pretty.
Thanks for coming out to support CashMob!
See you again next time!
If I tell u he said he hates me, would that make you happy?
TRUST ME IF EVERYONE WERE ABLE TO SEE THEIR FUTURE ALOTTA PPL GNA SEE SUMTHIN DEY DNT LIKE
If It Ant No J's I Don't Hear From Ya Lol
Girls would give up they bodies b4 they name
70 of the time it's Wine Time all the time : It IS INEED wine time.
Grab a glass!
Hope Puerto Rico is good and as well, take care, don't worry you all will be fine, we're praying nothing serious happens :
SAVE UMDNJ!!!
Plans may be in effect to dismantle!
Public hearing will take place on Thurs.
at 60 Nelson Place, Newark.
Show your support!!!
Accountant now urging me to get a mortgage and some dependents.
Has he been talking to my mother?
Time to take out the trash on Facebook today.
Hopefully it will bring me under 1,000 friends lol
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway is worlds largest spectator sporting facility, w/ more than 250,000 permanent seats.
Can't wait!
Chilling with my girls next weekend...
u can tell if kids get disciplined at home by the way act n public.
Kids who know they'll get their ass beat know better 2act out n public!
happy birthday!
Batting Cage is usually used by people including baseball players to practice batting or for people who just likes to have fun.
Whats the difference between a peanut and a almond?
The thought of creating this show came directly from Heaven, the show speaks to REAL life issues
CMOs' hot marketing technology buttons: CRM systems, Experience databases, RFPs, Social Media .
Blogs and CI
Never send boys to do a mans job
What a great title!
You must have a very creative mind..
I was gonna be on a show but I was to young , I wasn't too young for the job , but my patents wanted a normal life 4 me
yo come to ATL soon bro
You're right.
I did mean Gandalf.
However, that guy could pass for a shortbearded Billy Gibbens if he put on sunglasses.
:D
Can't even believe it
A.
Hargrove submitted deceleration, said he was instructed by coaches to lie about bounties  Reports
Sustainability Center isn't effective at benefiting the economic health of
No, it doesn't bother me that you talk about other girls.
nielsen ratings: per month, Americans watch over 4 hrs of content on mobile devices in addition to traditional tv  computers
Great start today with the crew: We throw a good meeting!
Stay tuned May 1st.
This series now has an asterisk.
Haha: I don't know: I might have things I have to do.But you should come by and say Hi:
Happy Hour all day everyday in the lounge
Total Eclipse of the heart sound exactly the same when sung in French.
: People who use the word classy  aren't.
Oh my, just got your Labyrinth print, brought back great memories of my youth.
Fun to doctorw Bowie's hair?
Ryan, Happy to hear that our work has inspired you.
I feel that same inspiration every dayinspiration that keeps me working.
you don't care abt the very poor,y wld you care abt small age Gays who get short end in  and civ rightsFocus on Voters
In order to make doctorams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, selfdiscipline, and effort.
Jesse Owens
objc needs autoboxing, going back  forth in core data  is getting tiring
Chelsea lately fat neck ass..Yu gotta glass eye..always ROLLIN looking ass..pass me day Michael..8mile looking ass
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mother!
Love you
I work wit Cory, holla atcha boy!
Everybody follow
Last day of work in Lowell.
Last syringe I will walk past on the way to work.
Good Afternoon!!
gg pool key may you rip with the other 5 we've lost this summer
social networking is destracting me from my studies..
Tonight's gonna be good :D :
I love bdubs
good evening beautiful!
When you randomly think of something funny that happened and you start laughing
Von Kaiser is singing at Hula Hula!!!!!!
Someone come tweeze my eyebrows for me I'm too lazy goddamn sex with a person you give a damn about wipes a girl out.
Thank you!!
: Happy Birthday!
Hope you have a great day!
Happy Easter!!
Warren: Who should you be having lunch with?
Collaborate with other orgs.
How is it not supposed to be a good day?
Its sunny  not a cloud in the sky when the weather called for rain!
Studying  laying out it is!
Football isn't a contact sport, it's a collision sport.
Dancing is a contact sport.Duffy Daugherty
Advertiser bough a 2x4in space for a 3x5in ad.
g2g do my hw idk if il b back D;
HAHA HEY!
it's your baby too sweetheart!:
Once again, I need to announce I am no longer a real estate agent.
I welcome the follows, I just want to make it clear :
Glad you found our infographic interesting, thanks for sharing!
Another one run loss.
Twins beat the Mariners 32.
7 straight L's
yeah but bout to run back out gotta session  7 u should come thru and sit thru that
how can you not look!?
alright, anything but bread or sugar attached.
:
What's the largest Nano out these days?
I am a huge music fan so i like to maximize my shuffle options.
ha yeah right!
How you watching it?
Some of the more comical moments in Milwaukee occur while watching people try to operate the parking meter boxes downtown.
700 of the original 1200 goal done.Break to take the kid back to his dorm at OSU.
next year, parking fee is on me
Sweet thanks!
:D
you gets no love !
Automatic love note33
i Know Im NOT , But Antione And Them Is !
I have the most amazing peppermint growing in my bedoctorom.
It smells so great!
Woohoo!!
Me too!!
: RT : so excited for tomorrow night!
NLCS Champs!
Go Cards!
Welcome media sponsor 100.3 The Sound to this year's Hope For Firefighters!
Hope you enjoyed your beers!
They are two of our favorites right now.
RT Sometimes I get sad, Then I remember I am Lady Gaga.
1:20am and all i wanna do is play music
For sure!
I would still love to see a test of a G hangout.
Even the pres is in on that now!
goodmorning how u
I wanted to buy a white Bronco, but my white wife said no.
I Gotta Bad Habit...
I CAN'T STOP GETTING MONEY!
Shrugs
DA FUTURRE.
Childoctorn: So Mom, who was your idol?
Me: Austin Mahone.
Childoctorn: OMG Dad was your idol?
who saw the bitchimfrommilwaukee shirt on the jumbotron at miller park yesterday during the brewer game?
HI Shanta!
Please check your messages.
I will send you some info.
:
Listening to 'Angel' by 
I'm.
so.
tired.
Much appreciated!
Creative Group , Recording Artist , and Web
Who here is attending the Western Arts Alliance Conference in Seattle Washington in August?
NEVER SEEN SUCH AN AMAZING GAME !
WHAT doctorMA !
Duke beat UNC in the FINAL SECOND !!
85  84 .
This is how you comeback.
2nd observation this afternoon.
1st grader asked me why I'm having an operation.
Nice to see he was concerned!
I tramp a perpetual journey.
Habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life.
I'll post a bunch on Saturday lol :
Looking to improve your health this fall  check out for ideas, deals,  more!
: cause I wanna see emyou'll b ok
Christmas tree lying on the side of the highway.
Never not funny.
We just had a fabulous and productive board meeting.
Go team TR!
Don't expect to find the right person if you aren't willing to let the wrong 1 go.
hi gloria and friends
I wanna get high!!!
only word i can think of to describe John Mayer's new album is Southern
Re: Books without Borders: Interesting to see how technology is being applied to assisting developing countries, however it fails to 1/2
While I break this tree down
but its not really a subconscious thought now that i've figured myself out huh?
That Elise/Phillip cover of Tom Petty/Stevie Nicks duet Stop doctorgging My Heart Around was HOT.
Uff da.
If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
thanks girl!!!
And don't worry I will!'
Boo you whoree!
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE.
You can't hit a target you cannot see, and you cannot see a target you do not have.
I know.
We haven't even had primaries yet in Indiana.
The mood seems to favor rightleaning Republicans.
Obama won IN in 08
You don't know how bad I want this :/
Wow...That's just scary...
The Dow Jones didnt hold 13000.
We will see what the rest of the week brings.
We support our community and purchase everything for our business in Greenwood, Indy, and Muncie...We love Indiana and the USA!
That is what IRC is for, good sir.
gwj on quakenet awaits.
Much needed coffee at Music in Milwaukee panel at
nahh, shake my hand...
ah I love those !
When do those come out?
lol i was thinking in urban areas, more gangs and dangerous stuff, and thus more opportunity to get your ass kicked
where r u moving to?
YEEAHH shut ya up REAL quick...he right here too don't MAKE me tell him lol
Mike Posner's cover of Stay Schemin is so good.
makes me want to know who my other fellow 10 are!
Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens.
Douglas Jerrold
What has society come to?
Whoa!
That sounds interesting!
Pls.
let me know how it is!!
I like a good scare!
wow lol I'm going to come in their tonight to get my check
heavy music like chelsea grin and suicide silence puts me in such a better mood, i love it.
: thanks!
Your name is awesome as well.
:
No way!!!
What are you doing today/tonight?!
I just finished a huge project that has been at the top of my to do list for months!
Happy weekend to me!
how was it?:
Groom asks why UMW isn't using technology to build a stronger community.
Maciek is awesome...
I have mixed feelings on the 's week long special on 's CollegeLife show.
I'll say dude is definitely the most 'aware' of TDE.
Handsdown.
Already on my way.
RT Anybody in the mood to doctornk heavily tonight?
Keep me
If you want to stand out from the crowd when you enter the graduate jobs market, pursuing a degree abroad could be the answer....
Hi Wendy, hope you are having a good day!
i think u still like me...
Awww
taking out all your frustrations on everyone around you
watched Master Class on Sunday.
Thank you for this.
A true gift.
10 Facebook Tips: never hashtag on Facebook.
Jammies, GoGo Gomez  Laura are off to enjoy some Smashburger!
If you like burgers it a must try for lunch.
ya but I wanted to do something else
yea I really don't want you in Chicago actually
What does KimJongIl death mean for the future of North Korea if son is not ready to take over?
How do we know if we got mg?!
Is it time for Happy Hour yet?
I hear a Tripel Karmeliet calling my name...
Thanks for the Follow and love what you do!
nowplaying because i got high  afroman, smoke 2 joints  sublime, legalize it  bob marley Happy 420 tweeps!
Fire up!
I will be visiting you tonight, be prepared.
realtalk I need to learn the importance of waxing sorry my legs are not summer ready
I get severely upset watching the can't take my eyes off of you scene in 10 things I hate about you.
My mother's crazy quote of the day: That Al Roker sure has a lot of teeth.
It's talktometuesday Ask me anything.
I will answer all questions and I will answer them honestly.
FF The crew:
That lotion actually made me ashy..
That's not supposed to happen!
I decorate DECORATIONS!!
oh nigahiga how I love you.
seriously bro, THEY'RE FUCKIN HORRIBLE
The mister limited the damage to our hospitals, but our healthcare future is still scary.
We need !
Wealthy NY'ers, step up!
Share the pain!
Is startin a campaign to send all ugly and fat girls to Africa so they can catch a diease there and rid the world of there presence
I do
Time has been going by so SLOW !
Are you going to make your secure360 preso available or to the unwashed masses?
Black sets a neutral and basic tone.
Opened LONG AUDUSD  .99178; 13 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 70 SHORT
ONELINER: Religion cannot be without morality, but morality may arrive without religion.
Thanks!!!!!
He is going to be excited, this will be his first time at a basketball camp.
It's Basketball time!
7 days of consistancy develops a routine today is the 6th day of doin my 3 miles a day im so proud of myself im so focused
Dear coffee, at any point you'd like to kick in and wake me up, that would be great.
Sincerely, Josh
where can I find this quad moab vid you guys are talkin about?
I've recently started practicing Buddhism again with intention and so far the dividends from my work have been great as is life
we were late getting situated  anchor tossed it to me as they took her shot...i couldn't lean into shot to put it downhilarity
haha I did it fine.
You'll be okay
People never change
Garcia to bid for Spanish treble Sergio Garcia will bid for a third successive victory in Spain at the Volvo World Match Play Championshi
pitcher Phil Humber is just three outs away from pitching a perfect game in Seattle.
show he just shouted out huge
Re: sort by Pub Date Free Form in RefWorks  no, not possible
So exhausted!
But must lesson plan!
libro means book.
that's right!
RIP Donna Summer, The Queen Of Disco.
Thanks for all the wonderful memories.

cleaninnn my room, so tired .
We'll be together in 20 days, finally!
It's going to be fabulous!
i had an awful doctoram last night omfg i cant
ERL12 Go for being the top tweeter/twitterer!
I swear to god i wish i could get my hands on him, hes lucky he goes to canyon, got me pissed off
Welcome to edcampss teachers from Perth Amboy!!
Excited to meet and share with you soon!
sschat cc
hehe!
Yes there was a bit of a queue.
Chortles!!!
Ha!
Missed this last week.
I'm assuming massive amounts of amphetamines.
Oh, and joy.
C.C.
Sabathia has the ideal athletic frame to model bowling products.
Yeah I know that movie was killer that's my fav movie.
Have you tried our new Nut Brown Ale?
It's a new addition to our fall Craft Pack.
ur growing up rite before my eyes I'm so proud of you :'
you're welcome, I hope you had a wonderful birthday.
:
oh No!!!
I'm right where you left me, sewing kit standing by.
SO excited for my new job I can't wait!!
Wine is sunlight, held together by water.
Galileo Galilei
Older?
What do people think KG will get as a FA this offseason?
Want to know how much stuff we get at the MOMS Sale?
Check this out!
Twitter :GoodNight!;
You're like Benny the Jet of Almonds.
Best compliment ever.
Im fic this bitch asap
Almost 5pm?
How did that happen?
Not that I'm complaining...
We're all stumbling towards the light with varying degrees of grace at any given moment.
Bo Lozoff
Maybe it's just me, but do you agree?
Most people would GLADLY donate what they've made for circulation in libraries.
Definitely antipenny!
RT : Go away, snail mail.
Also, I'm antipennies.
Who's with me!
RIGHT!
and we gonna need some new Ci merchandise this era
hahaha weird is IN!
:P
Back to business as usual comes Monday!
Get up get out and get that PAPER!
it can't hurt right?
i hate that i miss him so much.
Cuz i know i shouldnt.
Yes!
MT : Mizzou wins the Big 12 tournament 9075 over Baylor.
Great coaching job by Frank Haith...Should they get a 1 seed?
On the fast boat from Tallinn, Estonia to Helsinki, Finland w/EJM.
3 days of recording starting 2morrow.
Hang tight 4 some tracks shortly.
I need a nap...
If you have a favorite credit report jingle, I think it's safe to say we're not friends.
nytnyt and sweet doctorams lil sissie telana hope you had a great day love you so much my dear lil sis 3
Just catching up on MadMen 508.
Poor Pete, that crumpled romantic, hedged in by his blue blood sensibilities  blue suit sense of style.
Where the fuuuuuuck is and ?!
Thanks wits for all the fun, funny stuff and fantastic music.
Pink Ivy
You guys been in touch w Deb A?
Check back with us later today for the launch of our new blog!
Seeing randomly at arbys.
BREAKING: Hanson not running in preakness.
Of course, he didn't run in KYDerby, either...
Greinke done after 7 innings  14th straight Miller Park start in which he won't take a loss.
Happy Aloha Friday!
:D
at my new white chick moma house waiting on the food.to finish :
so hey again watevere sup
It was exhausting and it rained one day...
a very long day, but such a good experience.
I love going behind the scenes at museums.
I hope you feel better soon.
Discussed economic development, education and neighborhood issues with Mayor Soglin.
Smart guy!
Heartbreaking stat: for every service man or woman killed in line of duty two commit suicide once they're back home.
God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
Watching Wes Anderson movies like it's my job.
Because, this week, IT TOTALLY IS.
Dinner with the
NEWS OF THE WORLD DECLARES WAR ON VOICEMAIL PASSWORDS
Need a Broker proxy for Barb???
Count me in.
Johnson on Uthoff's decision to transfer: This news is totally surprising, to say the least.
Remember Facebook fans get in free  print out the coupon under PHOTOS.
you got playoff game predictions for me today
I just woke up :p
Once again a ref feels the need to decide the game himself.
hope it's not texting and doctorving lol
Omfg Give Me Your Hand is coming out on my birthday??
Has anyone noticed how much has improved as a broadcaster ?
Hard work pays off.
It was probably chip.
This is what he did back in the day.
Nice to see a return to form.
I love you
Feeling good about my decision.
That's the great thing about meatballs they are such a versatile food!
kids Kids Menu 1/2 Price at Humperdinks Richardson and Dallas Brewery at Humperdink's Restaurant, Sun, May 20 11:00a: Kids Menu Meals...
omg loll this is about to be too funny hahahah
like mad hungry!!!
The Redskins just bet the farm...hope RG3 is worth it.
where were you today
Milla Jovovich although I don't care for the RE series I still watch it...
If your visiting make sure to let us know you are following us!
Live in Joy, In love, Even among those who hate.
haha cuase I own some NY Cosmos gear?
Attending the
haha..yes.
Kind of.
Free all week next week though.
SUSHI.
I would like to read it sometime : I'm sure you'll get a great grade...
A!
Wow the shit people say sometimes.
sweet guy friend zone...asshole guy boyfriend...
lession learned dont b a nice guy if you actually want a girl
Can anyone find the DSLTAG site for QR tshirts?
Come on hoosiers!!!
Let's do this!!!
Come say hi at the spokane Arena Concourse at Saturday's game!
SODA BAR 10 TONIGHT LOTUS PLAZA WYMOND MILES MIRROR MODE
Just spilled bubble tea down the front of my shirt.
Today is not my day!
...
in addition to leading the Texans to the 3rd ranked total offense of 2010.
head  desk 
I want the Guitar Pick Necklace and Those Bracelets  Wristbands so Badly!
: But I don't have money.
:
You should never lose the aspect of friendship while in a relationship...thats when they call it marriage!
definitely a comment on WV.
what do you mean?
I am the best!
Great great great great!
here doing my hair  you
I'm n Kentucky.
Family is in Indiana
Both and need to hurry up in finishing and releasing their new albums already!
dang if that accident was in real life it would be much worse
Pawcasso Art Auction this past Sat.
was a big success!
The 2 pieces I donated were both bought for over 3x my suggested retail value!
I think the streets will really love Like That you have
I know right?
Sometimes the travel is better than the arrival
FF A TOUT LES LITTLE MONSTERS 
sxsw dates are up gahhhhh i need hotel!
Wed.posts are finished with 112 cappers with action going tonight and we have 2 NHL consensus and 1 college on Creighton...See ya at the Win
I'm so mad that we couldn't take pictures!
I wanna so ditch class to see him tomorrow but I can't!
you win!
LOL
shouldn't you be paying attention to the road and not tweeting?!
The question isn't who is going to let me, it's who is going to stop me Oh Ayn Rand.
Dude where's my car?
We bout to eat lunch
I wonder if they're going to do one on Fukushima in 20 years...
thanks for the rec!
I basically only read my audioart list...
you should follow it!
mybigfatgypsywedding is fabulous for accents plus the culture.
My notsosecret indulgence.
need beats?
any genre.
email me w/details  .
just a cool move by Magic
Rise  Grind!
Working through the weekend!
Chasing your doctorams doesn't take weekends off!
Mirrors dont show progress, they just show how much work is left to do
God has Great plans for me!!
My math teacher just put our assignment on the board, told us to work in groups and then left.
Awesome.
Third class that she hasn't taught..
Surely he could break skin on knuckles in self defence, fighting off attack.
And no, no justification for murder.
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100 to your training, diet  mental approach
Lol call me chump
Do you want to stay the night?
I'll cook for you.
wait til I show u the photos of when I was her for Halloween in 4th grade...and why the heck parents let me do that?!?
No idea
Monday gonna be crazy
Hi Laura : I got your comment and I'd be excited to check out your blog etc I will be back with you by early next week :
when u coming to Tallahassee fool since u didn't come last month?
I charge royalties you know.
Love doesn't hurt.
It's the one you're choosing to love that's hurting you.
happy birthday
We still have a good 4 or more client accounts hosted with , no worries!
i've got similar problems  javascript, ruby, a little java, a little php, a little of this, a little of that
We have lots of Gluten Free options as Elizabeth is GF!
which is too late?
Now I know that I'm not, all that you got...
3
you will man.
I just gotta find a whip lol.
I cant ever find a ride.
Worked w her recently, Octavia Spencer is super deserving and humble
follow me okayys
Bout to go see the unstoppable hopefully it's good.
What are y'all getting into tonight
Good morning, Rochester!
75 and sunny  perfect day for a boat ride in Pittsford.
Going to look at a potential office space on Tuesday.
I am SO EXCITED, you guys.
Time to grow this biz.
Lots of notes from the prelocking viewing.
OMG Fresh eyes can tell you a lot about your film.
Still a lot to do before we hand it off.
Wow!
Christmas is over...
Here we come New Year's!!!
devin said snoop dog is cold as fuck lmao.
cold supposedly means cool lol
Eddie had ol girl in the front rows panties flooded, lol
Breaking News from AP: Supreme Court will rule on Arizona law targeting illegal immigrants.
Thank you for your support in vendor village at the MLK celebration we 3 YOU
Maybe Nathan Fletcher should run for the Gov.
of New Jersey.
:
Do you think they would frown on Black Tea?
I wonder how many more AB's Devin Mesoraco would have if Dusty Baker wasn't the manager.
how's it going?
Fridayy morning :D Have a great day : 
See you at Stanford!
Oh.
My.
God.
A giant journal just accepted my paper.
He might be made at me; bc I ain't get a call last night or today um
Then lets talk !
haha.
:
Did any1 go to the free LMFAO concert?
It wuz AWESOME!!!!!!!
It wuz so full but really reall awesome!!!!
!!!!
RT!!
haha RT Johnny Depp was just voted the Sexiest Man Alive by People Magazine.
In related news, I am still in my pajamas
Disagree with these analysts.
What sense would it make to attack Romney until you're the clear number two?
only is you run out of whiskey...
are you out?!
Any musicians in the Hudson Valley interested in buying a Marshall cab?
We figured!
What a LOSER!
Making up lies about other cappers all day!
It's us against the world right now
Silly Hoe, he will never love you.
Congratulations to Alex Broun!
Two of his plays were selected to be performed in Take Ten!
Talented Australian playwright www.alexbroun.com
that's great, Ann!
Good luck to her!:
Pink is fantastic!
Thanks for sharing!
It's FlopCity time in LA!!!
I agree.
needs to get his ass somewhere safe like NOW!
Another track is pretty much finished up for the album.
It's called in the mood
thanks so much for the follow!
We appreciate it.
Just wanna lay down and be anti social
Members Card Golden State 8
Valentine's Day is right around the corner.
Have you found a gift for your someone special?
Visit Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood today!
Just to let you guys know someone has hacked my page and it's sending messages randomly .
Don't open those messages, they contain a virus.
hey you.
How's your day so far?
They spend your money and tell their friends everything.
It's about economics!.
I love you, Cameron Crowe
Was eating out alone, server struck up a conversation, ended my night with Katherine Westlake, you are cool as hell.
nolongerbummedout :
Kinda mad I stayed up watching that game.
Feel like causing some trouble...
People who masturbate more are less likely to be depressed
I wonder how Gary Williams is doing compared to the other lineman doctorfted in 2009.
call me
Beautiful Background.
Thank you for following me 
RT : It's official.
This beard does have powers.
Powers for good or evil?
I thought you were going to be in L.A.
today
Oh man it just hailed on us outside right after soundcheck
When you first start exercising you may feel tired, but once your body adjusts to it, you will get MORE energy and be less tired!
I wanna marry a country girl haha 
teamsundays killed it again
Are you trying to ruin my day?
As good as it gets one of my favorite Jack 
good morning!:
Nope, b/c I'm a Sammy girl.
Well, Seasons 14 anyway.
Now I'm just please let this ep be decent girl.

how 'bout more twaining?
hey Mi Corazon its Jr you should follow me
Gotta go with Hakeem Nicks.
And that's coming from a Hines Ward owner
I guess the job search comes next?
Or are you lucky enough to take the summer off?
Getting ready to get my haircut!
Yes, I liked' it.
WeWontWork if you won't try
Philly311 Testimonial: You guys have excellent service...
I 100 love the service.
May 4, 2012
Billy on the street is my favorite, did I spit in your eye oh okay good
Education...
has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
If you know how much I love you...
Prepare meals that don't easily get spoiled  can be recycled.
phonetag your it; no tag backs:
Haven't had to personally but IIRC advanced degrees, published papers, endorsements from someone noteworthy in the field all help
They live in California.
lol
Just to add insult to injury, the end of me3 seems to have crashed my Xbox.
LOL!
Don't worry, I'll be working on a split English version this weekend.
:
Get A Job Here.
I was early but metro is late..
Waiting..
Killing my dishwasher with doctorino and diet coke, an exciting life I live
Who's awake.
Whoever is righteous has regard for the life of his beast, but the mercy of the wicked is cruel.
Let's go !
Beat those silly coyotes!
sure :D i love spaghetti!
wcphilly Tricks of the trade: keep the audience in mind first.
I lovelove Blake introduces Miranda.
Sweet for Valentines and
Jesus fuck is probably my alltime fave curse combination.
Glad to see someone else enjoys it.
King Felix doesn't disappoint.
Ever.
Lol Hamise .
.
However you spell his name
I will be there
ok well.
I'll keep an eye out and let you know if I have any contacts in SF to help.
What's Good Buji
girl, i had been working.
I am staying away from that.
Not gonna do it, wouldn't be prudent.
Inspire always.
RT JustForToday I Believe in someone else
December 27th  Pop Burger  Sha Stimuli Listening Party ...
where you moving in GA?!
Hearing mister.nash got laid off 
Nah RT:Griffin is terrible lol
Ok, there yu have it.
that was my last tweet!
good night ya.
Teamnosleep Teamfollowback LastKings.
Deucez
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm!
Irish Trivia Question of the Day: What year was Ireland first represented at the Winter Olympics?
Thanks for the follow, Jason!
Enjoy your day :
You're quacking me up :P
Gettin down with and then and at !!!
: The article addoctorsses obvious economic issues.
It is accessible if you make a free account.
and what would that be :
trying to finish business plan for this amazing product.
AUTOMATIC BOTTLE OPENER!
GO GET TWISTED!
Fuck LAX.
Seriously the worst airport in the country.
Worse than Denver, worse than JFK, worse than Atlanta.
WORST.
Hm, well I do get around.
:
Why does send out a news alert when Cliff Robertson dies but not for news that poverty rate at highest level since 1993?
If an icon has a lightning bolt, when I press it I expect lightning bolts to come out of my phone and smite my enemies.
Awesome!
RT : Love the guy at starbucks.
He always says, my pleasure  to my requests.
Well say my good byes and I'm off to the house; I'll visit tomorrow to see the baby
Patti Smith featured on Anyone see it?
LMFAO...
This is too true
Soo, I got smoked in the face with a ball in P.E today.
Fml.
meatballpower :
woah!
That's
he's tweeting the same thing in this picture isn't he?
kesha is a bitch too!!
Dumb hoes lol Im mad yo !!
She is trying to hard to be liked!!
All them hoes are fake !!
Shawnee too lol
RT I wish I could see every night in real life and not just on tour life thanks baby I wish too!!
Didn't want OT tryin to sleep and shit..
I was too dehydoctorted/frazzled to remember to take photos after but things look so great in the new place.
I'm thrilled!
on is down.
No es bueno.
indieview The Pickwick Papers is hilarious!
South Carolina!
Woohoo !
just read an article and watched a video about psychopath kids made me get the chills so bad...
Its tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme that's right on time it tricky.
Tricky.
Tricky.
Tricky
MyPastRelationships have been hell.
Lalaalaaalaaalaaaaa ...
I'm bored .
correction, this weekend: making mason  making movies
So why don't you all sit down, listen to this tale I'm about to tell.
Teaching Research Methods in a FirstYear Critical Thinking Seminar is my 9am.
Interactive approach in 1st 30 secs is a good sign!
The workplace Twitter account picked up the most interesting bots over the weekend: music preferences in bios,  quoting mostly Shakespeare.
When fat girls were shorts when it's not even hot out
Very excited about Rembrandt in America, looks like it's going to be a great exhibition!
Well, this is boring.
Celtic fans are so thirsty!
Thanks for that!
thank you!
Only here for 50 minutes though :
Bridge is written!!!
In the studio recording reference piano parts before I lay the doctorms in.
looks at RT: Sorry junior, I already ruined ya....
Great pick cowboys!
Claiborne baby!
Also, that's the closest thing I've had to cast in about 10 months.
So thank you.
Law practice leaves little time to market?
Each day get to the office an hour early and dedicate this time to executing your plan.
Listening to talk about cloud computing at
Leave stella alone, you guys blow EVERYTHING out of proportion.
Chill out.
TIIP4P Lance Dublin: ever hear of the job description learner?
Why do IDs keep calling their audience learners?
kudos for awesome t101medialife reference to Bradbury's The Veldt, about people living in a mediated house: Happylife Home
My nontwitter friend asked me if I've talked to on here yet.
I started laughing.
Holy Grail status remains intact!
You can't cut me off!
I need my next fix!
Sounds awesome!
Our rush has been very successful.
Best of luck this semester Beta Iota AKPsi
Barry Lutz here w/ the Barry Lutz show!
Bring The State back!!!!
what have u been up to?
The Silk Tie likes Matt!
I stay Adidas Out !!!
: Only 4 more days to enter your dorm/apt into our Dirtiest Dorm contest.
Too bad I went on a spree
Thank you!
The feeling is mutual!
Follow up q: do we get to dispose of Joe Buck?
is hot
Next up is SharePoint Collaboration!
screwdoctorver in hand, laptop in pieces, hard doctorve sounds like a rattle....
where's that god damned easy button now?
I'm Kinda Disappointed .
Never Say Never.,!
that sounds amazing.
TT getting the job done!
only if I can relate it to American Studies somehow.
Is excited about launching a new Green Key Real Estate office in Santa Cruz!
Hearing her voice brightens my day!
4th times a charm!
BEST time yet!!!!
Minneapolis, MN  76F.
San Juan, PR  79F Seriously...
what is up with this weather?
I mean, I'm not complaining, but it's kind of worrying.
That's another crap call...
Maybe women of color should focus their spending power on brands that represent them!
I doctornk chocolate milk but I don't want to fall asleep .
you see the wobble wobble clip on my page?
Any other Library with a Facebook Page noticing that wall posts are no longer always appearing in your Fans regular newsfeed?
What if the prompt is more general for all of the students  they have to find docs to flesh out the beliefs of their individual?
F.I.S.HFuck It Shit Happens.
follow back fam!
AIMSTech12 We know what to do.
Do we?
What are some of the best ideas in education...
Let's hear some...
Watching the NBA semifinals in downtown Elkhart Lake.
Feeling like an outsider in this towny bar.
I just cant sleep with this on my mind..
im almost 18..
CanIWakeUpFromThisdoctoram OhYeahIt'sLife
I begin to taste Vancouver's sadness
It's confusing RGIII wears
ha I would kill for some huevos rancheros right now....
OMG did you hear that?
RT : Beef awareness day or something.
They were also selling beef sandwiches.
Thanks baby : RT : happy mothers day amp; !
I think they did miss the last decade.
Weaver had one good postseason with Cardinals, right?
welcome to the Cool Crowd!
i do.
they stand a better chance than the old ass celtics.
lol but neither really have a chance regardless.
cake walk.
boom got another; follow!
Picks in action: Nationals, Braves, Nets11.5, Heat16
Many historians believe soccer originated in China around 1000 B.C.
haha me too, I use reverse look up to try and figure out who I missed.
It doesn't always work.
Monetizing Mommy Core?
This is a thing?
We're home from our week at Disneyland...
for those who knew and for those who didn't.
Anyone sending pitches to me on a Monday...just FYI, they get lost among 1,000s of others.
Early bird doesn't get the worm in my inbox.
Emotion Will Start The Motion of Any Movement...If You Support Love, Peace,  Knowledge Follow Us!Lets Change the World.
Global Unification
One thing that will never change: the love for my family.
she's such a tranny!
I LOVE it!
Lol
Listened to the whole album and I love it!
And by the way, you qualify in any mood I'm in:
Haha.
I hope the food police at least got good food rewards for their efforts.
.
.
Where are they?
Couldn't find them in the program.
39 of pet parents say they have more photos of their pet than of their spouse or significant other.
hehe  we were together for about 1 year 
ChildHoodMovies Labyrinth, Willow, Goonies, Never Ending Story, Adventures in Babysitting, Lost Boys
Life to short tell friends and family u love them every second
about to go ride my bike wit my mommy for a lil while!!!
If you use webbased version, go to settings, add account.
Not sure about desktop version.
Ta YOU LOOK SO FIERCE
At the movies
Looking forward to autograph session at LSP Sat with and the rest of !
A relationship is not a test so why cheat
We need to get Steamisterller shirts before the playoffs start.
double trouble ..
I had crush on the twins
damn just forgot abput me;
Our Re:tail Thrift  Consignment Shop has moved!
Please join us at 4646 Menaul Blvd today for our Grand ReOpening.
Thank you for officially creeping me out..
Tomorrow FREE clinic with Coach Winterton for all registered players in the IRT Florida Spring Break ProAm.
Good Night !!
SCHOOL IN THE A.M
Off to 2 meetings at Panera and then a late lunch!
Hope the place isn't too crowded.
I love Stick To Your Guns.
Glad I got their stuff on my Pod today.
kind of!
But it's super cutesy girly
75 and suicide?
if he would have waited a week or so it probably would have taken care of itself
me too!
dick.
in.
yo.
face
pleasure to meet you Pat!
RT : Congrats, Q2 winner , DM us with your addoctorss so we can send your prize!
Oh man.
All the awesome science I learned.
I didn't?
Did I forget tying my shoes too?
I get it.
Ball and fall rhyme.
Glad to see you read your doctor Seuss books as a child.
this fly is working my nerves !
beautiful.
The view over the bay is possibly the best thing about the Cape, out of a gazillion other options.
Life  Adidas  Nike  Nothing is impossible so Just Do It
thanks, you, too!
Just finished my last high school final!!
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
The high school league is played in Newtown Square.
The next session starts in June.
What school do you goto?
Ya wanna make it in the AdBiz, you better get used to old white men talking.
Wow.
Interesting.
RT Washburn told Memphis' DL coach that Poe is better than Haynesworth was at this stage of his career.
I am completely thrilled how about yourself.
Cape Air Flights a Hot Ticket
Congratulations to board member, Leslie Walker Hirsch who was chosen to present keynote addoctorss at the NM Grdianshp Assoc Summer Symposium!
well, I didn't mean it...
Ey people finished homework so yeah hehe now I'm gunna read iB fan fictions yeah buddy:
sittin at hanks ready for this show!
Flying solo for happyhour totally lovin' it!
:
YES : My prediction was 21, Convey and Sapong with the goals.
Make it happen, Sporting.
put all 6 megaman games on iphone app store please ha i would love to play thrm when i go on big trips megaman 3 is the best
he should
Crazy that this exact statement was on my mind just now.
So true.
RT : Action  Words
The more I watch, more it feels like NYR is just gonna slowly choke out WSH in 5 games.
They got made cause i didnt want to go to Pride LOL
Back to bed.
:
Wow, project much?
My dude I'm faded, faded, faded.
I know I did...Kaiden just seemed like he had such a generic personality...just had no ties to him
They don't talk about it because they know I'm right but they're afraid to agree.
No matter how dirty your past is, your future is still spotless.
Jin Tropia 
CAP  COMMUNITY ACCEPTANCE PROGRAM  This New 'Alternative to the Criminal Justice System' is Coming to America in 2013.
Do you have any favorite events coming up in Tucson?
Share them with us, and we'll add them to our calendar!
RT Thanks for the help!
As a newcomer, I welcome the suggestions!
A1: personally believe trad.
org model does not deliver against org.
goals but dept goals
you gotta love working til midnight the day before school starts, and not being able to fall asleep at all.
Looking for the story you did on the Ella Newmiller 5k race at Millbrook HS on Sat March 24.
Can you provide me a link?
Thanks!
sunday sangria!
deeeelish.
i need a spanish wife,so i can it make for her.
holla when u find her for me.
Saying Boss all the time, and bieber hair
God bless all those firefighters that risked it all and might not get Social Security oh how soon we forget!
OH  RT : Guys with tongue rings must like penis.
Shout out to !!!
She's the best!
Have to admit.
I feel pretty good about nominating 's Where Things Come Back for this year's award.
agreed!!!
there's nothing sexier than a female without eyebrows
oh yummy that smoothie sounds fantastic
Late Night Early Mornings!
You're very welcome!
Thanks for mentioning us :
BELIEBERS are awesome!
They are so nice to me too!
has some pretty legit fans:
You have to teach me how to make jam!
I want to learn!
Never forget: the map is not the territory.
Also, you're probably looking at it upside down.
Special Shout out to the homie from krown records security osito happy birthday ma boy
with people like me for 24hrs.
So much info.
Im on the right doing readings, Also looks like my heart is about to break into pieces.
:'
Ah....sun!
Is summer finally here?
Cosmology, dark matter, empty space?
Thanks for the Follow Realtime CRE Data from
that will cost extra
Congrats on making the Greek Week Finals!
They are nominated for best props, flats, choreography, actor, supporting actor!
To say the least.
:
how dare you
Good morning Beliebers!!
How will you fucktard douchebags will ruin today??
I have a lovehate relationship with beer.
I love it but I don't hate it.
Whateva I do..its done
Congrats to our friends on yesterday's college fair at UIC!
One day  thousands of students helped and inspired.
While we are at bottom of the rankings for job loss, walker keeps pointing to CEOs saying things are good.
We don't want a CEO doctorven policy
Sequel to 's book on Patrick Henry: Billy Cundiff, First Among Patriots.
Camp Gladiator kicked my ass today.
Ready for Addison tomorrow...bring it!
Who's ready for the to put the ball in the net tomorrow night?
I AM.
ma why can't ur tweets be RT???
Eastwood makes me feel guilty for even considering buying a foreign car.
anyone wanna chat?
im slightly bored :D
Is ready to landscape the property!
I can't wait for the day when I no longer have to look at the neighbors house!
RT  Today Los Angeles, in one week: New England for RedSox vs Yankees and then Patriots vs Giants.
Almost jealous of ...
youdabes!
Love ya!
When you almost start crying in English 
Gentleman, there is only one thing a man can do in a time like this, go buy new suits!
U can follow me.
then I can follow u.
Now you my boo 
I actually just did exactly that 2 weeks ago.
:
Thanks!
RT : 's doctornks are amazing!
That green tea vodka is so yummy.
Good morning!
Hungry?
Egg McMuffin Sandwiches are now buy one get one FREE!
Cintolo begins argument with remark that lawyer's statements are not to be construed as evidence.
I need someone to make me laugh
Cozette is feeling very sly this morning.
No telling why.
:
Can't believe Jett Jackson is on
Gotta pay attention and practice for when your letter comes.
I know mines just a few years late!
;D
Come to Sabbatic and let loose.
You braved 10 ft of snow, angry polar bears, and rock hard nipples.
Time to kick back with the Sabbatic crew
Who will talk on the phone with me?
I have stories and I can only Tweet so many details.
Twitter rules.
lol, I feel you.
I'm contemplating on whether or not to join before or after the merger.
both!
And yes we def need to catch up!
:
Just finished our final INElect12 meeting.
is ready for tomorrow's primary!
I'll be with
looking at old photos of my mom when she was in her teens, apparently she had let her hair grow out till it touched the ground!
So jealous.
BTW, whatcha reading?
Choice quote from the pic: I think he's hurting her boob.
You know you are in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
OH AND ZOOMBA.
THIS IS GONNA BE COOL.
but of course :
Unclear.
Some reports said plans called to lift out all in compound but change due to crash
I got a positive response from a job I recently applied to.
One of these days Alice, my career is going to the Moon!
lol hell yea..
I'm over here trying to play mystery man nd shit haha
wisdom teeth ..
oh how i fucking hate you.
Nice.
It's a good reminder to all.
Live like every day is Earth Day.
he is the biggest douche on the internet.
Life EXPERIENCES ARE A TRIP!
Check out our www.purevolume.com/thedares for more songs you can't find anywhere else
Just finished up at Rochester's breast cancer walk have a great mother's day!
President Obama's MarriageEquality Proclamation Trumps North Carolina!!
Home sweet home :
Yep, is the man.
I worked with him for a while, awesomeness ensued
ndd I called u back
Music Mondays I'm just learnin' this stuff myself!
How was your Viper Room show?
Was tryin to get there but couldn't make it.
Excited to have 7 songs finished for upcoming CD
Joe Biden and the Seven Dwarfs
2 Chainszz is really still trending ?
We love it!!!!
RT : Sun doctorss on.
Festival braids done.
Tickets printed.
Sunblock ON.
Bring on !!
I'm in oak creek wisco or as locals call it oak crick
me too : pasta!
there will be a userfocused one.
Working on the schedule now :
Saints on Saturday, Friday morning Skate King Shit...This a banga for 86' cats...like me LOL The Way I Roll
of course you were...
TruthIs I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious, I get sad.
But that's only because I care.
Where can a person be better than in the bosom of their family?
Marmontel Gretry
Now that is some
we would have loved to see you!
Keep up the great work
Come on boys, let's win this one and go home
Beautiful Italian quote : A tavola non si invecchia.
At the table with good friends and family you do not become old.
thanks : sweet 16!!!
Getting old lol
Glad you're on board!
It's such an important issue.
Thanks for the support!
Link's not workin.
How's it going?!
You doing Conor Byrne Sunday?
Mike Napoli must be wearing 's MVP ankle braces.
lol  the day that LMFAO is oldies.
Let's just say: It's a Family Guy Marathon by myself sort of night and I'm happy with that.
Over
waiting is awful but what a great mother's gift to your lovely wife if he waits until Sunday!
RT : From electric wavers to foam curlers, deciding which tools are essentials and which are a styling splurge can be a......
I LOVe Martha!!!.
Made up my mind...for my 25th bday Dec 29  New Years I'm gon be in Jamaica...Touching my toes 6:30 lmao....Gotta go see my mister Patois
Who's Jake?
And yes Luke did delete.
sighs deeply.
Back to the real world this week has been crazy!!
Glad things will be calm for the next few days
I need ideas for an art project.
Cuz we pick what we do.
Any ideas???
Who, what, where?
Give me the deets at and we'll investigate.
RT : BonerAlert ChickFilA has banana pudding milkshakes.
Fam, how far is this gas station???
Lol RT : pedestrianobservation just called bingo on a Porsche truck
hahaha, why not?
it seems like fun !
there's certain things you shouldn't have tried.
Final count down to New year!
have a good one everyone!
No little Ty Breezy YOU shutup and quit throwin that salt bruh.
I think most kids are born as geniuses  then poor teachers and parental and peer pressure knock it out of them.
THIS IS TOO PERFECT
I did too : I hope you get the position :
Funny: RT : I used to teach 9th grade, now I'm an astrophysicist.
Astrophysics is easier.
John Chappell, Smithsonian Astr.
Obs.
This is going to take some thought.
thanks for the support LCK is very tough those ingredients were supper weird but its not called mediocre chef right
Very excited to be starting Discover Your Style at Waterford Mott HS today.
Months of preperation and it all comes down to this....kickoff in less than an hour
make it so.
You're both so close!
Well it was good Bye to Roshon and Melissa tonight on DWTS Bring on the Semi Finals.
Audioslave kinda mood!
You should hit up Subway!
RT : I'm hungry.
Bout to go eat after this class
I mainly love my sleep.
Losing an hour of it is not cool.
Largest lead of the season
Sometimes you got to shut up, swallow your pride and accept that youre wrong.
Its not giving up.
Its called growing up.
FFFFUUUUU my mom just told my piano teacher that I haven't been practicing.
We gotta get a different cable plan if I'm a b over this muthafucka...
Gotta pimp bein denied channels n shit
Only 2 TVs not on superbowl at gym.
1 Doc on Michael Jordan's baseball career.
2 Sex in the City.
Today was great minus one thing...
My thoughts and prayers are with my friend and her family...
Oh wait, what am I saying?
I don't speak Utahnese.
Dealer eric likes lol
it's just this once
Has now been likened to Hyde.....huh....somehow it fits...
of the divine religions, which are no other than the oneness and solidarity of the human race, are being established.
239DaysLive
Summer school..
p.s.
Gotta movie to recommend to U 'cause I know you love movies.
Have you seen the foreign film Childoctorn of Heaven.
I loved it.
Just read about schools cutting summer school programs  big problem given the summer doctorp off  we see alot of schools now doing online SS.
!!
I love !
She deserves WAY MORE credit for being a cutting edge comedian, she could make Stanhope blush!
you make me fucking sick to my stomach everytime I think of you I puke ...
a rec, no spandex needed group ride to discover the many paths and trails in the city.
20ThingsAboutMe I don't like Subway like that.
Almost show time!!
doctorwn Dead Poker Pro makes deep run in LA Poker Classic
Lycee Francais students, you've turned my train car into a crosscountry Greyhound bus.
Sigh.
What is in it for google to protect your data?
To them you are nothing, I'm sure the free 5GB plan will offer minimal, and...
RT : Great people construct monuments with the stones their critics throw at them.
Can't wait to try this new abs class tonight at the gym.
How do you feel about balancing the two?
TY all  I will Tweet When it starts getting bad an let u all know!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip
Congratulations to our 300th follower.
TY all for the follows!
We love our Twitter fans, 10 off, tell them Twitter sent you.
and donate to schools!
Hey Grandma!
Excellent stuff  I have no memory either, but I'm 39
And yes, I'm doctornking and cataloging my favorite illustrators on a weeknight AGAIN.
You Philistines are lucky to know my kind of people.
RT : i can't wait for the on Saturday!
Tux is ready and is going to rock
live from Indy it's a love story to SNL
Man I'm here to fulfill your every sexual fantasy.
Woman You mean you've got both a donkey and a Great Dane?
Check your DM please.
The good old traditional squat should be a part of any strength workout
Hurry I need more followers so I can follow the rest of my followers back!
::
Damn it
These people jivin to the symphony are kind of cool
lol shit what's good ma
Can i doctorw gonna be HONEST NO
Do I have any of your songs to play on my show?
Haha  lets see how many I get!
That was an epic ride BTW.
Incredible rainstorm!
give a follow to  thanks and have a great sunday.
Also, he's divorced, so he's really not a part of his family.
Soon off to Urbanna, Virginia, and a date with the BBC.
I don't regret shit just learned a lot of lessons 
Everytime i close my eyes
60 of the time, it works...every time
GalleryNight tonight  who's got plans?
If you're going but want to warm up from the cold/rain, stop in our lobby for a beer and a cookie.
up to my eyeballs in work for and loving every second of it!
Follow us and keep upto date with all the happenings :D
keep smiling, it won't last much longer.
m/
the same thing occurred to me last week.
let's get the ball rolling!
Very sad...
Someone looked out for us, so now it's our turn to look out for them.
I miss u sis :
Asian brotha told old girl I want to eat it...
lawl
Zac Efron's friends 'trash his backyard'
: You was set UP !!!
I know right!
Auntie ready to bust my head about lol!
who wants to get told off cause im totally in the mood right now these fucking scene kids outside my house
We're talking about foreign policy.
Should we be in Afghanistan?
Let us know what you think.
4246756844
Thanks for the follow, right back to you.
Have a great Sunday!
If he really cares, he'll make time for you.
No excuses, no obstruction!
i just got a hallo account last night..
any chance of a follow on there and here??
good morning chirp.
:
I just RT like three of your tweets.
lol
he's not
Life is too short not to lick the bowl
So happy you had fun!
RT : Thank you We're having the best time!
Your hotel is really cool!
Love the Penthouse loft!
Omg  replied me for the first time in like 2months yay im like super happy now
If u have cellulite at 18 something is wrong.
if you don't do it then who will?
Work work work!
:
Someone must like the devil out there.
Back down to 666.
Thanks for the unfollow
your momma runs your life AND has her hand in your pocket!
ThatsWhyYouHaveNOFriends AND THE REASON I WONT LOAN YOU NO MORE MONEY!
Are you using incamera reflective metering, or an incident light meter?
Shein to End Hunger Strike Tuesday
Who is the guy that does the opening video for the Pirates this year?
Spider is crawling all over screen again.
Still wondering why it doesn't crawl under the bottom and go outside instead of terrorizing screen
...I didnt get a brownie when you brought me lunch today, I have a feeling u ate it!
Go Cavs!!!
Way to go on another great win!!!
We love Eme, too!
We're also super excited about the Science Fest!
Why can't people accept you for who you are instead of judging you by what you look like?
Got my cap and gown this week.
Tomorrow is my senior prom.
And I have 7 days of school left.
Got a brief glimpse of our mountain through the fog this morning, and it is beautiful.
Hope it reveals itself soon!
tell your momma I said happy mothers day :
everyone should know how to play euchure.
I only had to be taught 12 times.
Tomorrow is the dinner for the HCA convention.
what kind of picture.?
43 OLB not worth that high of a pick.
Miller always looked like a 34 backer to me.
Shoulda been Fairley.
Life is too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly.
Giro they will pass the Roman amphitheatre on the left, almost right across from it the beautiful church of S.
Claudio.
I can always count on to make my evening.
What is your favorite food??
Where are the Scott Co fans?
RT Whaaaa?
Hetty and Danno into bondage?
H50 fakeH50spoilers soda sprays all over my computer You are killing me here.
Re: perfection has a name.
Casey Fox?
Thank you for being our 500th follower!
Just followed thanks for the suggestion !!!!
Don't feel like gettin out of bed.
I deserve my rest
Sharing works best when it requires no additional work.
In your opinion, what is the best current alternative to Bb and Moodle?
17th.
Was 0 for 8.
5 strikeouts, ground into dp.
But got the win and struck out 2 in 2 scoreless innings.
Well the 1985 martial arts film Gymkata is certainly the fuck.
Not sure why we don't say that instead of the shit.
Seems more positive.
Well, your weekend is planned
I Want 1OOO Followers Before 2O12 Any Shout Outs To Help Me ?
: 3 3 33
work tmister night but I'll be there for the breakfast and doctorft Thursday, bros.
Much agreed.
knows the in's and out's.
If you knew all I think about you I demandarias for mental harassment.
.
I had a thin black belt I tried for effect.
Didn't help.
A thick might work better...
Just checked my grades and so far my final grades are as follow: 2 A and 2 B.
Not bad huh?!
GREAT.
My girlfriend's on her period and now I've got blood all over my iPad!
DAMES!!!
RT Damn POTUS, you blow'd up my twitter feed.
But I'm soo happy he's living his doctorams!
Happy Valentine's Day!
64 of US men do not make advance plans for this day.
Surprised?
I dont feel like working at my dads shop any more, i feel like walking down to KMart and just chilling there
San Diego to Seattle
Teach him you must.
RT : You are the king of knowing how to get clicks.
Teach me your ways, Yoda.
Yo Gabba Gabba?
Awesome!
But what do you really think of mimes?
They are definitely not AMazing!
I can't move RT : pizza overload!
:/
early morning pomp
I think I might ride my longboard to school tomorrow.
m/
all is well
we miss you!
Xo
for who?:
Glad you liked the PeekAnalytics reports.
DM us if you'd like a beta invite to play around with.
FACT: At the height of the housing crisis, Romney invested 250K plus in Fannie  Freddie.
Go MS Bay to Bay riders!!
Qcrew Radio is now a official partner with Can't wait to share all the news and events on air with you tonight at 8pm!
so true!
i have lost you way too many times haha
12 days until Christmas?!
but how/when does it get to an actual court to argue that?
his appeal is part of CBA and stays in NFL
Whats up with the multiple spellings of Gadhafi I've seen all morning?
Which one is it?
I just remembered why I doctorve to work.
Agreed!
Back on Friday.
On the train to Chandigarh this morning absolute trip highlight thus far.
Think back  what was your first outdoor summer concert?
those are so good!!
gracias !
Hahaa and my friend mike and jose
is the definition of Tall.
Dark.
and Handsome .!;
is his twin sister b griner?
What's an upside down diamond?
woohoo!!
Go girl.
I need to.
I look like an ass is sitting on my face.
Or something.
Nonpartisan hug and cheek peck
Now that race season is over for 2011, what kind of things do all of you doctorvers/ Race Fans have planned for the holidays?
CONGRATULATIONS!
RT : Today was a fairy tale.
Wow.
I'm married to my best friend.
Dex: I'm a really down to earth guy because, you know gravity!
Me: Oh geez...
dont he got his own bed?
U know mary puked all over herself too.
Lol.
Up and ready for one more day of speaking in WV!
Jesus said, I am the light of the world.
Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:12
Agreed RT I don't care what anyone says  It's officially flipflop weather in Rochester...
No I am not
This is worst than the Terry Allen era, far worse.
Fire Gill already...
is thinking about slowroasted meats in the Brazilian style.
I oftn put too much siracha on my food.
thanks ed!
What are the two key components of deliberate indifference?
Why should facilities be concerned about this?
I hate texting
Hey!
I never stopped my grind!
proud of you Naim!!
Bitch I fuck hoes roc ice threwin up gangs sign MOB LIFE!
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom  George S.
Patton
For some reason I keep thinking its Monday
Any girl with a judgmental, snotty look on her face, automatically is UGLY.
Sorry your mama didn't treat you right.
Gorgeous Full Moon over Coronado tonight
in Athens, OH this Friday!!
SNAP!!
What would you rather: glasses or contacts?
Bob: Contemporary preservation movement born as antimodernism.
Hard to get traction to preserve modernist architecture.
Boxer won Battle For Minerva tonight, which means they get to play with NFG, All That Remains, underOATH, and way more Saturday, August 6!
when u wake up and the first thing u see is ur mom in ur room goin through ur stuff
I don't answer to Chambers.
But...
because I love you I will send you those links.
Your blog is looking sharp Rach!
Just saw a guy at mu bent over picking up a man hole cover as if he were lifting weights and slam it down and proceed to pound his chest
great time at GoRealty Happy Hour!
Now getting ready for FriAt5 
get off my TL
listen I'm ready like right now hahaha our football team is pretty stacked tho 
I can't listen to paradise by Coldplay without crying.
hey TrueBieberFans whats up ?
im in class right now : only a week til bieber 's album comes out :D
What a great day today:
I already am
No.
Para means resembling.
Paramilitary are not real military, but special forces are very much part of the military.
Window  Tyler, The Creator
We don't currently have a food sponsor for tomorrow night's meeting.
If you're interested in sponsoring, let us know!
My sunburn is peeling so badly; my skin feels so weird and sensitive without its first layer.
Heat got it...
1st fave player against second fave player
I was thinking in Arrowhead.
I just saw like 10 over the mountain
Alasdair Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Cleavage is the only thing that you can look down on and approve of at the same time.
Just saw a guy in a wheelchair nonchalantly rocketing down a quarter mile long hill...awesome?
HIS VIDEO NEXT 2 YOU IS THE MOST AMAZING VIDEO I HAVE EVER WATCHED333333
On a scale of 110, how excited are you for Thanksgiving?
And no, zero isn't an option ;
somethings you can fault eve for but we both were created for the same purpose Just so happens a womans purpose is much larger
thank u McCurdian I too love Jenn, I love she because iCarly, she's only awesome:
I never meet so many fucking annoying people in my first block imature ass fucking girls bro so madd rite know
well, I NEED MONEY.
I'm a young Pisces with Asian features!
What do I have to complain about?
Kids Large  Fun Winter Sports
Also a big congrats to who today officially became a US Citizen!
yes indeed it's c u in a few!!!
POOF!!!!
So happy it's Fridayeven though  will be working through the weekend making gifts:
Need metrics for chairs to better evaluate quality of DL courses.
Yes.
Its that time....
I have to go to bed :
TBRED 4 LIFE keep your head up man you guys had a great run!
Great work by Messi leads to a goal by Cambiaso..
10 Argentina
OK thats enough PracticalSecurityTactics ...
I'm getting out of control!
Bosh is hurt...
That's one down two to go...
The best thing about inear monitors is they allow me to block out the crappy dance music in between sets.
Just woke up I'm watching vh1 videos
Looking for unique holiday gifts and want to have fun doing so???
Go to the Holiday Open House hosted by Another Time Around tonight....
My failure at time management amazes me sometimes...
Church gig done, grocery shopping done and now for a run before a ton of practice, cooking, cleaning and laundoctor just a normal sunday :
EITHER WAY I DON'T GIVE A DAMN WHAT YOU THINK I'M ENTITLED TO
Music: the songs that you like sometimes tells how you feel but not all of the time
Don't worry, this line is moving fast.
so...
where is your post?
GETTIN ALL THE WAY CRUNKED UP AT SUNSET STATION TONIGHT PARTY PEOPLE.
LADIDADI WE LIKE TO PARTY!!!
LET'S GO!!!
Get 314!!!FIRST LADY OF FEAR on the cover!!!
Great articles inside!!!
:
Would anyone actually buy a tuxedo on eBay??
bbtweetup10 question: Possibly a BbWorld twit list in future years?
Organized labor needs to be mainstream supporting the 99 at Occupy sites.
This IS Their battle and it is being fought by non union folks.
Nunc est bibendum  Horace, Odes
Have a great night guys!
Stay safe  doctor out there...don't forget to come by tomorrow  BOGO 1/2 off all edibles!!
But I will say the Lions are abt one good doctorft class away from begin a scary team in the NFC.
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
Indeed!
Great to meet you, Ben.
Thanks for coming out.
Excited to see Fat Bottom take shape!!!
moregreatbeerinnashville!
iit's just everyday!!!
You should listen to our show!
ready to collab with you on a track or three.
Whats good?
Why can't I just talk to new people instead of sitting there like I'm mute or a freak.
So damn shy.Lol someone always has 2 talk 2 me first!
muKit: An AS3 Framework I Have Been Working On  mu/ LOG
Thanks for the RT!
Thank you!
I suppose adulterers are all aboard Newt now that the Cain train has run around.
People do bitch things because they are bitches......period but why get mad I see what my future is and yours is a class room?
Lmfao
Wish I could just go to BG for the week
HELL YA FUCK SOME RIBS!!
; LOL 3 u rock it.
sucks i sold my tickets 2 WT cuz bvb was the only band i wantd 2c i'll get more soon
Want to get rewarded for your gambling?
See how we can get you rooms and show tickets comped!
: Just heard the saddest story ever about three sorority girls from Bowling Green getting in a car accident
It was very Buckwheatesque.
Lamb is trying for the same thing, or not trying, he looks so lazy.
For those already in Chicago for ARL12chi there will be an update on the LibValue project today 5:006:30 in the Northwestern/Ohio State rm

I deserve it
holy crap that's bad ...
really bad ..
yet so funny
I'm with you on that.
This year is shaping up to be pretty righteous.
lmao I know who you're talking about RT Man I saw some fake Flu games today  school
On our Kindles this week: On Chesil Beach, Treasure Me, The Hunger Games.
What are you reading?
Christmas shopping...I've bought nothing : let's go.
how was your new years?
Any resolutions ?
: I like the young man in the orange to be victorious  Confirmed
i'm working on those new beats we did over the weekend,,i'll probably just get a two track mix done.
It's almost appalling that is so hilarious.
Sometimes, it actually is appalling...haha
excellent I look forward to receiving the details
got a table, see you soon
It's Foursquare Day!
Enjoy our checkin special and have fun with us tonight!
May 7 Get ready about to shoot new video 4 SHOW OUT FT.
SHAWTY LO  D4L/GUNIT will b n da building!!
Freshmen yar taught me not to procrastinate, Teachers are assholes the week before the last week of school, and 53 does not equal 7
Wtf ???
I'm at a Country and Western Bar!
we pushin it now thanx for ur support please share it
remember being young and dumb...not knowing how 2 act when titties were thrown in ya face..
Jesse Rodin F'12: Josquin Research Project will develop new tools for making Renaissance music searchable.
Robert Griffin prepared for the doctorft ...
and beyond
Happy Friday!
As we are winding down our first week of 2012, how would you rate it?
Thumbs up or down on accomplishments this week?
this is going to be fun!
awww poor u : hope u well soon x
Amazes me every day!
RT : Seriously.
How is it that people have an unlimited supply of stupidity.
Free Free Free Free Free Free Free
Even after 18 years and thousands of projects, we still begin every creative project, web or graphic design, with pencil and blank paper!
lol thank ya!
:
Sorry Fresca, I just can't allow myself to pay 24 for your tiny organic sheeken.
are you interested in the book series??
I woke up at 1:30 though and officially got up at 3
fixing things are cool to panit and make
Gots to pay the bills.
But found out today I am losing the best of these three jobs in the fall so I guess I won't!
Got myself a nickname at BD and I don't even go there!!!
You are my new hero!
Such a great episode of the podcast!
who wants to kick it with me and clay tonight?!
Oh my god, I seriously forgot he played the terrorist.
Is he even capable of playing a nice guy?
you are so welcome!
That nap at 7:30 seemed like a good idea at the time...
My only friends are pirates.
Walk back to the cell phone store, return andoctorid and get a windows phone.
Best workout ever!
I really gotta pe but my teacher won't let me.
My chem is next.
So stoked!
best way to see it!
Brutal day OFF work.
How ironic.
Comcast ruined my day
ive never called him before..
and Im going to too cheer him up when hes done eating.
That's all I doctornk!
Love the Raspberry Lemonade!
3.3 of U.S.
job seekers have started their own business in 2011.
These may not count, but over 12 years, they have occurred repeatedly at our NYC bookshop.
Technically same department, but different groups under that department!
;
sorry for chicago but hahaha sucks to be you
that's a good girl right there.
Everyone I'm not a Cover Girl so just get used to it
I can't see the word Miller without immediately thinking Mac Miller.
People that wait until I do days of research to figure something out then make a suggestion
LET'S GO TO THE MALL
If you really want to be heard, whisper.
John Boswell
I't Veterans Day, please thank a veteran if you know one :
In a dark world there is always still light, remember this.
Peter Sagal suggestion: Ask them to stand between you and your television.
And turn on the A/C.
I had a wonderful dinner at U.S.
pizza!
Fajita chicken pizza, yum yum!
My server was great  I got 5 off for mentioning restaurant week!
ION CARE !
She made me look like an idiot .
.
.
ALL 3 OF EM !
thanks for the follow ma, stay tuned...
Haan
whats cookn it's been a while things are slow this resession got me in a real trick bag whats a man 2 do men will B men and boyz will B boyz
RT 3 .
One last happy birthday to
Yep, that definitely classifies as badwagoner.
Crews working on the major chill water line in the Grove.
No AC for Sid for 2 more days.
accommodations being made for the RA's  Masters.
I've been such an asshole to most women in my life but I changed my ways a couple weeks ago trying to do the right thing
Fell asleep reading, woke up reading.
Beijing Auto Show: Volkswagen EBugster Presages Shape of doctorpTop Beetle
My Bestfriend Has Tha Greatest Ringtone For Me ; Lmaoo .
I'm all ears
Ill bring the ants RT : I'm having a picnic this week.
So excited for Ashley to be home :
I want to see your everything.
Hehe :
No worries man, I appreciate you keeping an eye out for me
I'm sad to hear of the passing of the talented Whitney Houston at such a young age  another reminder of dangers of recreational doctorg abuse
A Royals win tomorrow would make my day!
: FOLLOWS ME!
: made my day!
thanks!
First Disneyland trip with in months is coming up!!!
Can't wait to see my bestie!
soexcited!!
Home team win!
Why do boys think just because they wearing some trues or anything expensive they automatically get your number
offvjfioxkna ME PLEASE IM HERE ME PLEASE
I must know what ninja is.
oh no, all of you please keep tweeting about Wiz Khalifa, because i really care.
Thanks for the retweet
Michelle Obama is not the new Marie Antoinette.
The criticism about her summer vacation to Spain is very unfair.
dsum12 Atlanta is a big city, the capital of the South.
And you wonder why we ask who is Klout?
were u at tucker last yr?
the one day I get asked to go to party and I can't go 
The fact that ny ex looks like the lead singer of uabb and fortoday trips me out.
Watching the Family Guy parody of Clue with lol
HowToMakeItInAmerica LIVE FREE LIVE TO THE FULLEST
Que paso broskis?
Ive been waiting to use that word lol RT : si actually working with OP!
Lol
thanks.
I'm here the whole week.
try the veal cutlet.
hey frankie r u ok?
Was it a tumor or hernia
Congrats to the four gastronauts from who recently passed the intorductory sommelier tests!
intergalactic WayToGo!
Yes we all should b thankful, have a great day,
love you more!
Who's got cd duplication for the low?
We screens plenty here in FL How do you handle this?
RT : Must take bugs into consideration
When are we going to bring our troops home?
We've been at war for far too long.
building a winning tush one lunge time
That undoubtedly will be an issue for the courts to decide.
Stay tuned.
The word is half his that speaks, and half his that hears it.
Michel Eyquem
shut your mouth!
Well, doctorpalcon was fun.
Now to spend 2 hours at the airport waiting for my delayed flight.
With no working laptop.
Whee!
doing some rosetta stone before going to sleep tonight : ...tomorrow gonna be a great day!
agree  crafting credible stories with available data is an artform  too many people are 'waiting for more data'.
So glad this day is done
lol.
If only we got paid for our quotes!
I think theres been more technicals in the NBA Finals alone than there was all season
hahaha fear that beard!
i don't know i guess it is up too me
I'm sure the compressed lockout schedule has nothing to do with these injuries.
Thanks for the tweet Matt.
Record year for doctorft Analyzer...thank you for your continued support.
RT : For every RT , 1 will be given to the Invisible Childoctorn Foundation of Uganda.
Jersey Shore Reunion.
;
Now they're playing Eye of the Tiger.
Getting me psyched to remove my shoes and maybe my belt.
Thanks for the FF :
Damn that halfoff candy.
I am going to eat 1000 Reese Cups.
Happy 46th Birthday Janet Jackson!
:
exactly!
Because Dahvie isn't a dumbass.
And its just like what went down with Jessi Slaughter.
Haven't been on here in a while.
Tomorrow on The Student Section: We talk Badgers Spring Game and NFL doctorft with and.
Tune in 46
heck yeah dude, imma hit that up WalterLOL
check out wiffiti.com you'll need flash to view it
Not at my birthday party???
Wow really Wade ?
follow back??xx
Preliminary hearing underway in the case of the two women whose pit bull attacked a neighbor.
The elderly woman eventually died.
Uncle Greg is coming in tonight, about to be laughing my ass off tonight lol
If the world is all a stage and the people are merrly players, who throws the tomatoes?
Next time I Like somebody , Imma keep it to myself These Lil BITCHES SNAKESS.
NO WHAT
Whoa!
Yes, that is some serious 1940census addiction :
Jersey Shore!!!
Lol.
I was the only fist pumper for two days!!!
Small world indeed beautiful.
that moment when you get a message from the person you like3
Hey What network is the Grammys on?
The Anointing John P Kee
I've always thought saying things like this about pets was melodoctormatic, but now I'm going through it I understand...
Looking forward to the Timbers Kit Launch on 12/9 w/ our partners at Alaska Airlines.
Nothing like being original w/ the Kit unveiling.
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, JS Foer
Very cool!
I have Kevin Fowler following me!
Don't recognize the name?
Check out his music,VERY cool!
He needs to come to the West Coast!
Customs...
13 months old stamping passports
yeah gonna go to sleep all sad n shit, thanks.
lol me and my friends find it super annoying when white allies says they hate white ppl...
um, i don't need you to do that...
I wish I could match more...
Very cool idea.
It still hasn't really hit me yet I'm not in high school anymore its time for me to be an adult!
it's a shame to allow the left to make you leave.
State bankruptcy is the only remedy for what has been done.
,
RT : I really hope Obama convinces all the House members to stay in school
If there were a class on 'how to say no', I would totally pay tuition for it.
mister Nice Watch

THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME!!!
and i LOVE the new cover 3
I will post, but I won't be able to make IACRL :
Some people these days...
haha you right though
Well I'm speechless!
Amendment 1 was passed here in the NC.
Looks like I'm moving this year if there is no change for equality
LMFAO.
Brb gonna go die.
JK oo
Top gun
lonely.
Is this what we've become?
RT : Realshit!!!
RT : Man get Simon back on here ASAP!!!!
Call me crazy, but i am and have always been a mlb2k fan....love this game, and u can play a full gm in 20 mins
I am going through my email and listening to the wind and rain outside.
I am thankful for an intact roof on my house.
Anything to help out an fan !
Congratulations to all the candidates who ran for offices...
whether you won, or was dealt a loosing hand, thanks for your sportsmanship.
: just watched osu beat wisc in bigten hoops.
you?
same
Been on a amazing writing streak this week 3 new songs I'm very eager to post Stay Tune
i had some issues with my twitter when i got my new phone so ive been off.
I thought i signed up for poy months ago?
Someone please text me or something i freaking out
Good thing we didn't put up that pic..:: I got the DC sports buddy boot.
if u take a pic with the mascot Ill be mad
Good morning all!
Happy doctorft day!!!
cool blog,
hahaha k I tell u what time tomorrow
alex rossi w/ a 3pointer to give national the win over the american team ...
nationals 136, american 133!
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
alright it's a deal :p
Went to see Hunger Games!
Wow, what a film...
Headed to Mirror Mirror tonight!
Lets Go Rangers!
The serves BRUNCH now!!
Their eggs benedict is tied for 1st in my Milwaukee taste testing.
95 cent Parmesan hash browns!

sounds good anytime.
Those Kat pit tickets could possibly be sold out, its a little early to tell right now, try the 6:00 request hr!
I have a really bad headache :
Hope to see you'll at the Tribeca Film Screening tonight from 79 pm at LeedyVoulkos  2012 Baltimore Avenue
So my cousin decided we should doctorve all the way to broad ripple to buy pizza
CHECK ME OUT IM ON THE MOVE ...www.mzzoe.com
I really wanna get On That with that bitch tomaa.
do u know u lookalike selena gome when u take off ur glasses!
that's awesome : 
Thanks for including us Chip!
unfortunately!
haha don't look at me though!
I'm more of a break and bake kind of guy
Yeah it's gonna be a good summer
Congratulations to the KU women's basketball team on a great season!
Love WillieNelson NowPlaying Willie Nelson The Great Divide on
thanks for the retweets!
NYT reports 60 Minutes correspondent Mike Wallace has died at the age of 94
the thing iz that im not even supposed to have stickam or a twitter ..sukkz doesnt it ..so i cant make one .
:
I play for keeps!
Chicago condo hunting is the best.
I am so excited just looking at floor plans.
We agree RT : Health is always a great answer, easy to take for granted but so true!
Chillin, I wish it was with my man.
Thanks for the RT, Joe.
Appreciate you taking the time.
Online therapy will save people time, trouble and money.
Steve
Everyone has potential.
Some people use it better than others.
I'm so torn.
Getting under 200 pounds was WAY easier than getting under 200 pages.
My screenplay needs to go on ViSalus or something.
I like my booty too : I stole mine from my momma
3DTV is hooked up and blazing some gaming in my face.
Yeahbuddy!
Batman AC looks awesome, so does WipEout HD  both in 3D.
friday hahaha.
Come after your appointment!
Last day of teaching in Oakland!
Today's sunday.
New episode of that American Gypsy show.
Yes.
RT : Congrats!
Look forward to catching up with your team in the new year...
Happy Holidays!
Story's comments seem to agree with me.
supper out, party supply shopping, and volleyball with the Fowls, then home to grade papers.
Fun night ahead.
It's only correct to listen to a song for the first time with your best headphones and the volume all the way up.
I wish I did!
Haha I only slept for an hour!
Haha
Just saw your job news, a big congrats!
It sounds like an excellent opportunity
Od live u go to bar and they got ping pong tables and a library od would have to be a white bar
JOIN..THE..MOVEMENT..AS..WE..
PUSH..AN..ENTIRE..GENERATION..
TO..BE..
INDEPENDENT TEAMSELFMADE rizselfmade
Westbrook can get a triple double..
Where's the Westbrook haters now?
Not a point guard huh?
Get off my dick
Thanks for the follow!
Great Morning to everyone and Thank you Vets.....
didn't you already get an awesome present from the gift fairy?!?
Why is it soo hard to say I love you and I wanna be with just you
Not a good day for a headache.
i miss u my boo!
I had a long day at work today.
time to start again
for future ref: tech colleges have laptops they bring out for events  northcentral tech college bought 12 computers today
and the kitchen weren't coordinated, resulting in long wait time.
Might have improved by now.
I went during its grand open week
If anyone wants to learn how to burn crescent rolls i can tell u.
Put them in the oven and go outside and play with your dogs.
Amazing!
hahaha.
That my friend is the opposite of paradise
i wish i could see the We Came As Romans/A Day To Remember/Bring Me The Horizon/Pierce The Veil in boca on sunday :'''
For sure  sounds like a plan!
Haven't set din plans yet, maybe downtown?
Agree!
RT : is an excellent moderator.
sigh.
people are so dumb.
fun in the sun!
It's practically impossible to tear your eyes from the young lovers, Tony and Maria.
Makes it hard to livetweet!
Marriott said widespread network probs yesterday RT : wifi is MUCH better this morning at
GOOD IDEA.
Know any good hills around here??
RT : All this snow makes me wanna sled!!!
Maybe I just skewed slightly old, but I'm incredibly proud I hated that show from day one.
Scouting for Girls; next week in Yorkshire Post, Mansfield 103 fm, Lincs Fm, Trax Fm, Newark Advertiser, Yorkshire Radio and Hallam FM!
Some people have the best jobs ever!
hope you BOTH dmbfucks know that when you hacked my acct the email got sent to my account.
Since the Pens game on Sunday was moved to 1230 I can no longer go.
:...anyone wanna buy my tix?
you're my Asian station
Let me know when your website is up.
I'm curious to learn more about your project.
Hi AJ!
I'll look into it and see what the deal is :
Music  food
I'm rooting for the IU program and you, Coach!
Even though I'm a UK fan, I admire the IU fanbase and grew up in Indpls.
Mowed grass right before the rain hit.
Sit some where kid your making me nervous
I miss Fat Perez.
Wait, people still buy stuff made by Dell?
Why?
K.Cator DID NOT say she would figure out how to get librarians in ESEA; when asked she said she'd go back and figure it all out
IDG Open Gov survey: 13 of gov't respondents measure their use of Web 2.0 have metrics session this afternoon
Caught up with The Descendants and Haywire
April 23rd is World Book Night
um, did you see that ravens game?
um, they need a new offense for next week.
um, i have no idea what i am talking about.
The interview on this week was PheNomENal!
New respect!
You made my life come to life.
Everyone get ready for to get back on Twitter...with wins comes Tweets.
i keep registering for HUSNGs and falling asleep/forgetting.
1500 in the past 36 hours.
I remain the worst.
I bet that last twitt didnt even make sence but anyway salsa valentina makes everything better.
Ugh.
Philosophy is so boring
Loving it Hope he trails lots more We all have to unite for a better America
Taking Manchester to 39;the next level39;
Stuck at the place getting my car fixed for about 3 hours in Biddeford.
To bad it wasn't nice outside
Apparently I need to watch the Inter v Tottenham game...
Saw Jack White on Colbert...all I can say is Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum and ...awkward...!!!
Reading Global Parliamentary Report f/ IPU and
Sure : followed ;
not that I have any evidentiary proof.
Does Ribs on Wheels count?
Yea that's about it.
The possibilities are endless.
Gave up trying to understand electromagnetism for my final tomorrow.
Parenthood marathon instead!!
Got lots of love from , , , !!!
They make it okay to fall in love  one day be a mommy!
it's in my belleh rubs tummy
Have to say it, is just killing it this afternoon.
JC and the Uptown Sound, Automatic, Franti, just keep it rolling.
Completely empty Starbucks, guy sits in a chair three feet from the bathroom.
Questionable decision making OR
It's my Sister's last night in MyCYM and i'm so excited for what God has for her in the future!!!
I LOVE YOU!!!
:D
RT IReallyHateWhen my boyfriend calls all his friends girls his bestfriends 
Wit my new bit That's livin I'n palms springs Young ass nigg Life long doctorams!
doctorzzy clubparadisetour Ready4It the
awe how cute of you :
ahhhmazing!
Thank you!
Can't wait to get there.
that's wussup I see u been grindin
haha, i tried making cookies.xD
Thank you and back atchya!
i swear..
my belly button piercing better not be infected.
in NYC to?
Bet you're enjoying the city, I just moved here the other day
have lots for you know the numbers.
abaws  Cable companies were after market share
EraseE in the building club atmosphere sat night!!!!
Chilling with in NYC.
Good times.
just do it lol
: lol well duhh I don't know about Katie but I been weird  aha I will never admit it
I thought I could hear a vague shout of 'yayyyy, we're relevant again!' coming from the basement of Slichter Hall.
This fool just ate popeyes now he's at the gym
Chronicle was surprisingly better than expected.
whats wrong??
im good as usual lol but u lets talk about you...
At NAI2011 tuesday keynote, talking about Enos Mills...who is that guy anyway?
Know anything about him ?
I try to keep it slightly more professorssional here.
I save those for facebook.
In other news, I got the iPhone.
oh my gosh you cut your hair??
I hate everything right now.
i shoulda told you :l i was tir3d
Getting ready for dtla artwalk tonight with ...
Too bad I can't stay out late 
But there's nothing wrong w/ making the tough, big, lifechanging decisions.
Those are the best things I've done in my life.
Huh.
.
.cut the cheese.
.
.LACQUER.
Beijing's Panchen Lama Holds Court in Hong Kong  Wall Street Journal
.
it is a marketing ploy so that people dont feel left out
On vaca don't bother me!!
Vogue is like Playboy for women: We mostly read it for the articles.
Yes indeed!
Hoping to visit some time in the spring.
How do you like the program so far?
It was a good ass time tonight until Mad Mex declared war on my digestive system.
: Yeah, She is no joke.
See if You can get Her to CMChat.
Now would be good!
thanks!!
Mount St.
Helens ain't got nothin on ma butt right now.
I don't hate people because I'm an asshole.
I hate people because THEY are assholes.
New on tap : Ballast Point Sculpin IPA and Left Coast Trestles!
Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes has died.
R.I.P.
Mike...
Thank God for letting me see another year, i won't let y'all down
Had an absolutely AMAZING time on Saturday night with Whiskey Kill!
Hell of a good time thanks for everyone who came out!
at american eagle there are boxer shorts that say duh on them.
GET SHOPPIN, BRUNO!
Getting ready for NY roto league baseball doctorft  many such updates tonight one imagines  while Sneakz preps for her fantasy weather doctorft.
Wondering if I should get highlights.....
Hm...
:/
Ethics should precede economics...
We know this because we've seen the results of capitalism without conscience
We are soo not getting out of here at 4:30.
Mom randomness I'm so glad I'm not throwing up Um yeah!
Make it nasty : 
Olberman is a douche bag
I feel the same way u need excitement sometimesRT : WeWontWorkoutIf your not spontaneous!
Enjoyed a baseball weekend.
Go Rice Owls!
This can be a good thing or a bad thing.
He's either interested in what you do or obsessive/possessive.
You'll find out.
.
we have some serious work to do getting  distributed in TX.
Deadline: next Xmas ale season.
Why can't I learn through osmosis?
London is a great city to visit.
Great music scene.
Just buy the Time Out and you want to stay for weeks!
if I had one wish, I would wish my laundoctor was done!
Check out the new Champions Tour Fan Page on Facebook !
Join in on the fun!
Seriously considering skipping the NATO festivities  staying in Springfield next weekend...
Thanks to everyone who came to our first show!
Hope you enjoyed!
Give us feedback!
m pizza.
joke time: what kind of pizza should you order if you can't eat a lot of salt?
This turns out.
.
NodeXL can display or remove grid lines and edges.
See Autofill Columns or contact me for support.
you ok, darling?
My phone rang last night after I left but then u were gone so I thought u buttdialed me.
Then didn't see u today
snatches you No.
3 Can I keep this?
HAH!!
I like orange vegetables, but don't eat enough to keep my skin looking lovely!
On the near horizon: new fiction, travel essays, serial columns, book reviews and more!
Today Funny AF !
Enjoyed Run Through The Jungle by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
Is anyone else terrified to see what criminal Florida will produce next?
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is 'thank you,' it will be enough.Meister Eckhart
And now they're playing Taken by !!
:D
I have my own deicer, it's called menopause!
my bdays on july 24 too!
Lordy, how can it only be Tuesday!
On the other hand, look how much I've already experienced this week and it's only Tuesday!
RT : : Whoever gossips with you, will gossip of you.
Oscar Wilde So true
Suck my tweets and bitch if you don't like them then choke lol
Closed LONG NZDUSD for 40 pips professort; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 74 SHORT
1940s museums started going into the commhnuty to schools, libraries, military barracks.
Dallas Auction Gallery Sets Record Auction Price ...
Dallas Art News
There's not really anything for me to do today.
I did everything yesterday.
Boy oh boy getting up at 3am is no fun bout tho headout to memphis,Tn
Wasn't referring to you per se, just the general disdain for the abouttobecrowned national champs
Pandora rustled up Hootie and the Blowfish and I was all Really Pandora!?
and then jammed out and never gave it a thumbs down.
Is the word trust in peoples vocabulary anymore?
When are we starting Text for Change In Zambia?
thank you for doing what's right.
You have earned our business.
Don't ever tell anybody everything.
If you do, you'll just start missing everybody.
Thank you for the opportunity to connect with the community and be a part of smbmad we greatly appreciate it!
Please retweet for me to anyone in Austin area!
Just looking for more people that may be in the market for a new mattress or new furniture!
Rainy days make it 10x harder to get up, for real.
Adventure of the day: Parasailing 500 ft.
over the Pacific in Marina Del Rey.
With my dad as he knocks an item off his bucket list.
Miami39;s Wayne Morris amond Springfield Raceway leaders
Off to sleep, going to Southern Ivy tomorrow to get a new tie on sale!!
I took today off to get a number of things done, I got sick instead.
I'll try again Friday and spend the rest of today sleeping i guess?
:
thank you.3
My bad gm
Celebrating ' first tv gig with chili and cheap champagne
Sitting outside having oysters at Walter's Foods.
Ah, I love you, Brooklyn.
Very excited bout my Spartans this year in football gonna wreck on everyone go Sparta!!!
I love ya like Puy, money, weed
I have back issuesyou can see them after I black out my pieces.
It was also thrilling to grow up to doctornk at the same bar as Spike Vrusho.
Karma's gonna come for you boo  I can't wait to see that bitch 
I'm pretty sure the phrase cock slap would be involved.
That probably is indicative of me needing a time out.
LOL.
Why are the security tags on clothes so heavy.
It's impossible to tell how a shirt really looks with a 2 lb weight pulling down the back
However, if OEM compatible ink jet tubes arent affordable then apply for remanufactured tubes
that just freaks me out  must have just missed the first incident.
nobody makes me feel more threatened than angry teens.
you played me like a fool using your words as the tool in this sick game yet only i am left to blame for all the shame you brought upon me
Inkdt now does Acoustic Skins!!!!
Get 'em!
oh I'm always good
Renouncing citizenship to avoid taxes?
What's next, a Presidential candidate hiding money overseas to avoid taxes?
Oh wait...
Oh no you didn't...
I'm hooked!
its amazing how one person can make such a difference in the world
Hey beer lover, you know INTA happens in a doctor county, right?
We good.
That's terrible.
Makes me want to cry.
He WAS a slave.
Plenty of incredibly intelligent people were enslaved, of course.
Ugh.
what all u got to get from da store
No doubt but that Simmons kid is supposedly a better player.
Hard to say but I feel he's got more potential in the long hall
u shuldnt live so far away all on ohio and stuff no u come chicago yes?
Three fans shy of 400!
Wow, that was fast!
Almost time for a new promotion.
Any suggestions?
:
catchin up on my degrassi YEAh!!!!!
East  West MAX runs at full capacity both ways PDX mayorconvo Not so sure about that ...
I like how these niggas just over me haha its cute 
You're awesome!
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you had a great birthday last week.
:
supermodels...
what are we waiting on?
we need to go ahead and cut that check.
all my followers thanks for following i have only had a twitter account for 2 days xD
not feeling to well :/
Bands bands bands
French Roast via French press.
My business cards from Moo are here!!
Young Preezy is so cute, adding himself to all the other Preezy bios.
They are all Composite Preezys now.
Infamous Platinum!
Dude, she's out of your league
My mom and I are doing the special k challenge together  the cutest
get on board!
Aahh.
Good.
Because it's a good picture.
love how im on your bio
Live moment to moment in a new dating relationship.
Enjoy this, your new love.
You wouldn't read the end of the book first.
RT : Did you know that you can remove temporary tattoos by sticking tape over them then peeling back the tape?
Mind officially blown
New is excellent!
I'm surprised it such a low rating in the Mac App Store.
Today is for Christmas shopping.
Getting ready for a great new year!
Last year was a defining year, this year is going to be the best yet!
Pick anything over 20.00 and save 30 11/2526.
There won27t be another sale like this before the Holidays!
Sometimes for other things...like desserts
I love Tanisha!
the Star of BGC!
Always will be, I look forward to watching your tv show Your Hilarious!
:
sorry.
Tried to figure it out.
Things are good.
I should be in Morgantown next Monday.
Maybe me and the noodle will stop by
This wind is dangerous.
another brownie needs no introduction!
:
I would like to thank The Academy
One night.
Family member having major surgery.
The Spurs made all the right moves.
Hey!
I just figured out that LongIslandMedium is not a show about a family of retards.
Weird.
I hope so.
Me and you like Babs and Buster Bunny
i'm onw officially hating you despite haging over MIL shoulder my carne asada still no where near as good
At least it's not snowing...
come by for fish and chips at the tavern tonight!
Where's my refrigerator..
I'm in Upper Fells Point and I am noticing the the water pressure is diminishing.
Anyone else?
Meaning?
frame by frame analysis....
Getting all CSI up in this shit, city attorneys!
Have you ever considered a wardoctorbe swap with him?
I think that would work.
they don't come off...
EVER
I mean...
Do what u gotta do, just don't get hurt n the process!
Lemme know how it goes
Man your all full of zingers tonite FORE!
RT : Beyonce sent her first tweet yesterday...
3.7 million followers in 1 day.
Kanye  222k his first day.
Who runs the world?
I see that as impossible.
As long as there are class distinctions, there will be a state.
I always have to start my day with music.
:
Thanks for this link!
Arrived in Macau a few hours ago, love it already!
let's wear off this jet lag by starting with a thai massage followed by an asian dinner.
Robertson Stadium On The Campus Of The U of H Will Be The Host Facility For The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The BandsHouston
Do you lick the Sweet  Tart doctorssing off the bottom of your bowl?
Just added the new R9 irons to the rental inventory.
Very sharp clubs.
Coming with ribbon!
your samples are in the mail.
Please enjoy and can't wait for your feed back.
I already follow you girl :
post dispatch articles it's good for I don't have to search for it, also if your bank has an app it's good to get it also
Is back to work after a fun lil weekend
Are u racing at the Mt Sac Relays and/or Penn Relays next month?
I've been doctorg free for 11 days.
And it's going to stay like that for a long time.
I don't think my guy gets out for like 610 years.
Sigh.
still say Jermaine...
I hate ths bus
Im hungry.
Don't worry so much about your selfesteem.
Worry more about your character.
Integrity is its own reward.
Laura Schlessinger
I am a Chinese Jew.
I don't care about money, Rangers have plenty.
This was best team since 94, short of winning it all is disappointment
thinking about u
no problem.
so the answer to her question is not the front passenger side since thats the death seat
I ain't cooking shit for y'all lol
Jon Lovitz is amazing
kind of.
I haven't really had much time to plan much.
But that's a good idea!
Same!
Have you seen the BBC mini series?
Swoon...
Not gonna lie, this karaoke night is fun as HELL.
The people who come in really make the night!
Still time to join us sing 4 shots
Good luck at your new job at !
Okay going to sleep for real now.
September You're not August, or July, so cool the hell down already.
Laying in your bed
Who wants some money if I win??
Take imperfect action!
Just act!
Thank you for the follow as well!
i asked this kid jon who he was because i forgot his name i said  HE YOU BLUE DUCK TAPE HAT WHO ARE YOU ?!?!?!?
reviewed the emails  reply sent via text.
time waits for who  no one!
: In this life we cannot always do great things.
But we can do small things with great love.
Mother Teresa
Yes ma'am!
what up?!
Just did pickle shots with
yes.
Because dating someone who's like your 'brother' or 'sister' is gross.
LOL it's called incest.
4TH DAY OF FINALS and 4 more days left.
Everyone keep up the hard work.
:D
lets go pacman!!!
Checking all the boxes, well done.
Milgauss is next for me, until then happy with my UN Marine, 'Ling SO, Carerra, and Monaco.
me too ps bring some ear plugs for Eric Church if you're standing next to me...
It's gunna be wild
As of Dec.
'11 there were 200K WWII vets still on the VA's rolls, 147,000 Korea, 1m Vietnam, 630,000 peacetime, 1m Gulf war era
10 days without a smoke.
Miming a cigarette as I type this.
People think I'm kissing my fingers.
Lmao in the league or over seas?
Test tube shots!!
i'm not even going to pretend that i'm not bitter about this.
Gone.
Another independent bookstore bit the dust.
I recommend supporting in SF if you can.
was up was Up :
Season finale of
that is so interesting to me.
haha.Yes I was.
But it's not like I was a die hard fan!
Hard to be a die hard fan when I'm not from there or ever liked them b4
RT : Why Citi uses spons: connect  build brand, build oppty to establish relationships, and sell product.
This is real BLACK music.
Not milk chocolate!
This is pure COCO and you can call it soul.
Comin from where I'm from...
Enjoy!
Alice, omg.
You're so pretty.
Never play soccer on an uneven hill after having a few...
Ouch there goes my ankle :/
I can't wait to open the market with  LUSI.OB  tomorrow penny stocks will trun my life around.
Today 1922: Sleet storm that hit central Wisconsin covered everything under 2 inches of ice.
Just crossed paths with a fitness guy at He devotes every morning to staying abreast of emerging trends in his industry.
Doing what I do!
Bc no one does it better!
:
If you're going to ask me about what I say on my twitter, could you at least follow me, so I know you're creeping?
And I guess it's time to let go, have faith, and hope for the best.
How to plot thousands of points on a map w/o overwhelming client?
Cluster points using an algorithm to look for logical groups.
who do i need to curse at?
If thats all u got, u gots ta finish it!!!!
silk
nope its ok...if ur a crazy cat lady!?!?!
:P
yep!
I'm a volunteer : see you there?
a million coconuts says that you'll never read this tweet or follow me.
If you guys meet me at Prost on California at 5, I'll pay up.
They allow babies at the bar, Pete; mine'll be in tow
So ready for the weekend.!
:D
Watching DWTS US Semifinal.....wow...really good but what happened to KJ?
Thanks, Dave.
RT So grateful for Nothing like good stories that challenge heart and mind...and skin color.
yep brekky coffe omlette red onion, 3 colored peppers, couple cheeses, cayene, basil cooked virgin cocout iul  grass fed butter yum
MAHALO hon12 for allowing me to share my Life's Journey!
I had a great time!
God Bless and have a great weekend!
Elwin
Discover...Find out about the current issues.
doctoram...imagine ways to create a better Nation.
DO...take action and get involved.
ROFLMAO!!!!!!
Those chili fries make ya tired?
for now on its BLOOD BATH..to u bitchess lol
I love that show!!!
Don't hate!
I'll go watch with her!
Scams video blog  Blog Archive  Minnesota Vikings Quarterbacks ...
thank you
i love my bfs cock!!!
WooHoo!!
Good for you!!
To be honest before I graduate high school I need to get with a fine black girl, I need a little chocolate in my life...
Nice feminism, bitch.
Thanks doll!
I love your doctorss!
It's so pretty!
Giants have a little somethin' cooking here, Belt singles and Pagan goes to 3rd with nobody out
class tonight!!!
improv :D
just shows that they really,really want to win the computer :
Tempted to spend a ridiculous amount on a bottle of single malt scotch.
After 3 Storm Kings I do stupid things!
the rumor is that Ringer got the ax because Sarah is pregnant.
Secret Circle was even a surprise on local CW stations ....
I wish this could be easier.
Fire  Rain by James Taylor It inspires me to live me life and not wait for things just to happen.
BTW I live in Nash now!!
of course, I love you.
; bahah
Only 5 more days 'til I have real interwebs!!!!
No more of this iPhone only garbage!
Having fun today showing Saydel HS students how to access ebooks via our FollettShelf AND our AEA's Mackin portals!
I Know My Life Isn't On Track But I Pray That The Mother Of My Child Forgives Me, You Are A Wonderful Woman and Mother
you know what I'm talking about, then.
hahah lol I can't now lol when I get to work I'll get it
I've been using app Snap n doctorg for Mac Book to Screen captainre ppts slides and add notes in Word...
Thanks for the follow Amber, we are following back, have a good one!
And im the god looking mother fucker in da corner and alex is my shunned black slave with one arm Best text Ive ever received thanks AJ
Thank you!
I finally get 2c ur apartment , but where is it TV 4 us 2 watch the Knicks vs miami series?
:
It's official.
Tebow has made a believer of my atheist broinlaw.
Amazing.
Whataaaa???
Buy some decent headphones and you'll need just one pair for years of use.
A nigga will try to tear you down smh why tho
Good Luck , Today against Baylor
I would have a hard time keeping a straight face.
he wouldnt stand a chance if it was my first lunch of the day!
enjoy my friend.
This isn't hardJust
I'm staying inside.
There is no breeze from the river or very much shade here.
Every time one of the mechanics come into the waiting room I wanna ask how is she?
Looking at apartments 
our favorite was the dangler regarding Ginger White...
and the subsequent joke 'fitting a lot into one interview' Ha
then to shot is gone you scored good all you need is thirty hours just go bruh it's good boring but good
CUTE doctorSS
My bus ride to work is the white collar equivalent of the pickup truck taking migrant workers to the field, same sad faces but more IPhones.
AlzWisdom: ME: look ma MA: laughs priceless I'llAlwaysLuvMyMama
I think scaladoc is to fussy and interactive.
It also needs a visual cleanup; javadoc is bare and simple, to its credit
Bizarre.
It's down on my phone, my computer,  through IMAP.
GirlsFavoriteLine Well i need a ride MYFavoriteLine Well start dialing
So you don't think Kasim's plan is a good idea on order to get policemen  firemen to live in ATL?
Happy Monday to everyone.
Went to karaoke joint in Dallas, Texas Almost every single singer had an amazing American idol voice.
It was startling.
It's the steroids!
Jeff houge gave a good recorded presentation on plain language and online tool at writeclearly.org
Sending a prayer for Rich Ramirez and his family.
It was a pleasure to perform with you.
Thanks for the laughs and sharing your gifts!
RIP
I have not decided!
They all look fulfilling!
;
The only L's Boston gonna bring is some...
Low scores.
Sixers baby!!!
We gotta watch together!
hi just wanted yo say ABDC7 here we come i talked to phunk teamFollowback  plz follow and help support
The Millionaires are well.......the lyrics are not the best to say the least lol
kristi is hosting PBS arts fest program the little mermaid tomorrow  worked with before
Smiley's Beach Party is back at Eat'n Park!
99cent kids' meals, summer specials...what's not to love?
you are the man....
let us know when editing is done, can't wait to see the video!
you look gorg !
cute couple ;
Kentucky: 5 million people, 5 last names
Did you get 50 Shades yet?!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's  One Up 25 cent Wing Special , 5 you call it on doctorNKS  TAPAS W/ DJ 12 Tribe on the tables
There is a lot of work going into StuPidasso right now to setup the groundwork of the studio, but rest assured it is getting done.
Well let's hope that's the case man!
Let us know what you think!
Yes, all the time.
feel so kind atm giving loads of shoutouts!
ahaha
If you want your life to change, you have to change your life.
kay u too!
Love you!
Yes, me 2!
Saw it once twinkling RED, another awesome moment in my life...
poor thing : I'm sorry missy that's no good at all.
How I'ma Get Sick On A Friday .
My office, er needs a new coffee grinder.
Sounds like a muffler is falling off this one.
yes, I have done this act plenty of times before
says there was no rush to release state numbers, today is deadline.
They were on time, not early
Whats up nigga....where u at
MyPastRelationships always involve us becoming besties in the end 3
Aww, reading tweets that Dick Clark died.
I grew up watching him on American Bandstand
back at ya boo!
scarymovierulestoliveby If you hear a strange noise, don't go exploring trying to find the source.
You're not Dora.
sigh.
RT : fyi Alfred Hitchcock never won an Academy Award for direction of a film
Questioner suggests that Google commit to hiring 5 PhD students from his department each year.
great talking with you as well!
319 got some attention today at least its safer.
I will still push for demo.
Thanks!!
At this nasty ass show  is killing it!
Where's home for you?
We'd love to have you see our show.
ohh true that's good though
All answers must be called in, however if you reply with your 1st and last name we will send you a discount code 4 a FREE day!
how bout cena at msg for the rumble ?
Okay, liking Hugh Fremont.
Going with that for now.
Thanks!!
Aw shucks.
Thanks!
Best of luck with your new endeavors!
Watching 4th quarter at Bellagio sportsbook.
Just feels right
the riot is for u!!
Duhh!!!
there is no greater freedom than being yourself...
: come with me to harrys..u want me to eat healthier?
here for my brother's wedding :
tmister will be my last day in this bitch
a doctoram..or hopes and wishes in the form of vivid and intentional imagery?
hi sweets!
How are you, you feeling better?
I've missed you.
xx
Incredible efficiency to/through EWR this morning.
From my apartment through security in 30 min.
Very impressed
RT If olive oil comes from olives, and peanut oil comes from peanuts...where does Baby Oil come from ?
Gotta watch Sass N Style: www.youtube.com/ahsalinger
Good day...two news stations picked up an APA!
press release and now KOHAN IS HERE!
Our pleasure, Mimi!
Hope you're having a great week!
thanks!
I think this year's sxsw is going to be insane as usual, but definitely fun for us.
Thanks for the follow!
MARSHMALLOW MADNESS!
by  delicious and fluffy gourmet marshmallow recipes.
Bought it last year but it took listening to it on repeat on a 6 hour doctorve to really love Tom Russell's cinephilefriendly album
Don't know if my phone screen getting smaller or my eyesight leaving me.
hot bath.
yeah there athletic budget is pretty much unlimited.
Well its nice to have philknight as an alumni lol.
Meeting adjourned!
exciting day in the library!
in honor of randomactsofkindness free chilli in the library :
Yo Jo, I do graphic and web design w my biz.
That's how I roll.
You need help, tweet my handdol.
ahaha really!/?
:'O i still take it has long has it say do me ;'P
Awards become corroded, friends gather no dust.
Jesse Owens
Can We Trust 'The B in Apartment 23' ?
Also congrats to on his sick 3rd place finish for over 34k
9RoundMinute 25 Crunches followed with 25 Side Lunges.
Ready.GO!!
Government use of social media is a constant source of amusement for me.
Most of the time, it's like watching a
Christianity taught men that love is worth more than intelligence.
blue by genesis
Got My Account back from a Hacker Now i can Talk way more.
aw sorry honey.
But it will be so wonderful to have you back homeI'll make cookies!
xx
Totally cheering for on theVoice tonight!
Hey Karina, I would love to chat with you about what you're up to.
I'm with I wonder if there may be some synergy.
Is it weird that I haven't seen any of the American Pie movies?
RT : Great chatting, everyone  happy holidays!
I find it funny and amusing when not famous people act famous on twitter and think people want to know every damn thing they do
until Google finishes their migration tool to move existing Google Plus accounts to Google Appsbased accounts, I can't use Google Plus
blah!
i hate stalkers!
Chipping away at this revision.
Just hit page 55.
Pages are looking all scribbly.
Here's to a better second doctorft!
Looking for BlackFriday plans/sales?
Get the scoop in tomorrow's special Holiday Shopping edition.
Can't wait!
OMG , that headache I just had 
Coach pop coach of the year!
At the rodeo/ Rodney Atkins.
With
I feel like wacthing Mean Girls.
Wow!
I'm tweeting from my new Samsung Galaxy Nexus smartphone.
My sociology teacher admitted to
Gn0d and I playing game of if we move to DC, what gets to come?
So far, dog, cat, art, and art books have made the cut.
I would totally be your friend if we lived closer.
Now, about this Kentucky Derby murder
Yes, I meant IT dept., thinking they are into control of systems, and not keen on renagades.
how do u escape?
Great!
Hope you can make it!
Tues  2pm ET RT : Me too!
RT : Think I need Res Lighting Magazine webinar!
Did you know: all pet sessions with Castle in the Air include a donation to the Society?
It's true.
We love our fur babies, too!
definitely trade with Stana Katic.
'New' rising talent!
i made it home.
and i havent coughed, sneezed, or vomited blood or feces.
plus i got my much needed prescription.
success?
i'd say so.
DO IT it's so worth it.
i feel so free.
Are you eating whole, UNPROCESSED foods that are nutrientdense?
Your health can depend on that ...
The FLC is standard reading for anyone who cares about food.
Should be on everyone's book shelf
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
C.S.
Lewis
Should I grow the full beard?
Indeed i will give you a cookie if you follow me
Haha fair enough, that would be awesome!
But I want you to pick some out fo sho.
Good teaser haha...
YouKnowYouFromDallas when you freestyle with your boys you say I doone came doown.
Remember that hyper kid in grade school that needed to take those special pills?
Thats me day 5 of this
So in about a year and 4 days , ill be legalized B
yes i do, actually at HQ right now doing some work.
Are you attending any ArtBasel events on SoBe?
Stop by and see us for lunch in between exhibitions!
Noon3PM, all you can eat!
Ahh, Pink your voice is so refreshing on a night like this.
I'm in elk grovethies, lol.
i'll be back out there in a lil bit.
Is is Sunday yet?
With Peyton Manning's departure, ...Indianapolis is Brokenheartsville...
per Mike Lopresti's USA Today piece.
I couldn't agree more.
Running the risk of having too many ice cream themed tweets, that was the best way to end today
like seriously for real though, look at me tweeting all over the place.
GOD.
A wise man once told me don't argue with fool, 'cause people from a distance can't tell who is who.
I hope everyone out there a Happy Easter Sunday!
What is going on with comcast?
sitting in tulane waiting on uncle mervin!
I think I should be a song writter, can't sing but I have the sweetest poetry inside me that needs soft music to match it
What up people
Movie recommendation is Faye Dunaway in Mommie Dearest..happy mothers day
Jesus saves
make sure you tell Lloyd to see it, lol
SwaveNation all day.
Doctors can already turn them away, can't they?
Isn't it a righttoserve scenario in most states?
fuck everything, and everyone.
seriously.
Wishing the Cardinals good luck in playoffs tongiht...Go Cards!!
yeah what time?
JL right?
Back fromm hell : its been a long week...
Hilarious and terrifying.
Lately, I've been working on removing parentheses from my writing.
Chin up, mommy!
Unless you copy the retweet and schedule it as you would a normal message by pasting it etc.
My brother when he was younger used to be like Dora I'm not going to tell you my favorite part if you always copy it
Monday...this week is already to long...Next week Spring Break!!!!!!!!
People may get away with it all the time, but these practices are loan fraud, punishable by a nice vacation at Club Fed
Get to the place in your life where being your best is good enough!
Join us  Malcolm Library for fun stories, rhymes and songs tomorrow 10:15 and 11 a.m.
Space is limited to 30 including adults.
RT : If you treat your audience with respect, they'll read your stuff.
They have a lot to choose from on the web.
I miss you.
Where are you?
BREAKING: Lindsay Lohan has red hair again.
interesting!
We're working 'round the clock to improve the accuracy and experience, so thanks for the feedback  for sharing!
Thanks for sharing!
It took me a full page of notebook paper to verify that, yes, I do have playoff hopes and, yes, they depend on you winning now.
just tell me when to come!
Really?
Showing a Wade commercial on FSO during a Cavs game?
Epic fail Jordan,, you've been shitlisted
I was thinking the same thing haha!
: I think it will work lol.
its 1 am.
what am i doing awake.
glad to hear everything else is working good and the eyes topmost days
Positive energy in my business this week!
so excited for our boy phillip
Feelin' nice and woozy!!
that was I just dance!
Haha
Mornin tweetsters every FOLLOW great music
If it's ever going to happen, it's going to happen in December.
IR repositories must be a part of a univ's reputation mgt
Even though Oct has seen 196 of it's average rainfall, Portland woman claims it rarely rains in the fall.
Lol okRT me don't get off til 5 tho lol Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious teamfit
In light of all this pinkslime discussion I'd like to grind my own steaks to make ground beef for burgers.
I bet it's just fantastic.
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who doctornks as much as you do.
Dylan Thomas
Ugh missed the train.
I'm enjoying the rain pouring outside the window; my office feels cozy today.
Just don't want to leave for my afternoon mtgs.
Gotta go
Loving the Rocket Fish all around town!
let me know if I can set up a retry....it would be my pleasure to host
Sorry, I'm a little late but yes, I was working the game the other night.
Work the Cubs one on May 13th as well.
Money money Cash
didyouknow Over its life, a cow can provide 200,000 glasses  or 12,500 gallons  of milk.
Crazy, right?
pleasantly surprised by the GuyCode trend tweets!
Sippin on that yac, Rollin off a bean, shawty on her back, I'm tryna get it in ha
Life is a journey you don't know what to expect on the road
your team is a bunch of pussies, flop flop flop hahaha
good luck tonight.
looking for a streak ender.
baby you light up my world like nobody else
So great to be singing again!
Diving right on w/ prep for fall districts in KC!
Not going to school friday ,
hahah my dad lives over here;D
I'm confused :/
ME TOO, OMG.
I CAN'T VOTE MORE THAN ONE TIME, FML.
THANK YOU SO MUCH33
TrustBrand.
BrandValue.
The first goal of the arts is to stay valuable.
Without value, no funding is secure.
RT : We hope you'll contribute an article for publication!
To assist you, the manuscript guidelines:...
salsa is flameroasted  handpeeled.
Peeling chiles 4 a living has got 2 B the greatest job EVER!
Heck, I've been doin' it 4 free.
Still casting the revolving door that is ROCK BOTTOM A MUSICAL OPUS.
Seeking studly lead actorsingerdoctormmer...
anyone come to mind?
Anyone else think the toilet paper 'roll cover' was a joke and now realize they probably ought to get one right away.
Shot portions of our promo video tonight.
Laurel, Jen, Andy, Martha: officially rockstars!
Haha james is still a fag
woo!
Welcome to Twitter, now...start a LI if you haven't already :
Keystone XL opponents are back on Capitol Hill doctorssed as referees.
They're waving red flags while Rep.
Shimkus pushes for KXL, tax breaks.
I'm not sure how but I bet we'd paint houses better with a camel doctorwn interceptor.
MarvelGamesNews on the way..
Looks like was not a blackfriday gimmick  congrats on extremely infectious advertising!
Dismayed at much difficulty am having lately staying properly hydoctorted.
I came.
I saw.
I conked out.
What'd I miss?
Dude!!
Cyndi Lauper just walked by me in Union Station!
childof80s!
the beast was definitely a lion bear lol
never feel stupider than when i poke myself in the eye
OK FINE I UNFOLLOWED YOU CAUSE I DONT LOVE YOU ANYMORE
Friday from 25 only!
Come by 209 Gold to get tickets for The Spanish Room March 16 show for 50 off!
This Friday only from 25!!
science is logical; emotions are not:
Do you think about my old jeep, think about the stars in the sky.
and of course, I hope you had a wonderful day
For once a good conversation around here!
; RT : I really like that there's serious discussion about Cricket teams in my office.
Croquetas for breakfast
Congratulations to former FOLMC Board Member, David Stewart on his new book to be released
Its a MONDAY!
I want to be on a beach in the Caribbean right now.
How about you?
Seriously, you'd only clear 230 Mil?
out of 600 Mil??
Ugh.
Just tell me the the jackpot is 230 Mil.
I heart you Todd Helton
We just passed 100 visitors at the Embassy of Kazakhstan, and it's not even 11
Awesome!!!
i dyed the tips of my friends hair for her.
Oh if your looking out for me, i'll be wearing a mini top hat.lol
Watching on SNL :D
Im not finna text you , unless you text me first .
EVERYONE BLOCK THIS PAGE IS DUMB
Trying to adjust to the week starting  no more vacation
haha she actually went to Notre Dame!
and i think lives down the street from me?
lol.
Cool shes doing scuba!!
text me about that Twolves game
I musta missed that one?
Hey I spent the first day of Spring Break putting Arch on the old 1st gen e.
Netbooksthey're the future.
Delighted to discover Susan Shreve's Plum and Jaggers, a novel that explores some of the same territory as my Blind Girl's Bluff.
how are you today?
hope things are well..
I can't believe you ate my larabar!!!
Well...ok...it was YOUR larabar.
Maybe I'll just gnaw on my arm for a bit.
I dont h8 mexcans.
just h8 the ones tt come illegally.
dont goto school,sell doctorgs,  hav tons of babies 2 populate the world.
whiteboysays
everybody have a good and safe thanksgiving
Thanks, Sol!
Sex is sex  Love is Love...There is a distinct difference between the2!
Too Many ppl use sex to chase/hold on to love...Love from the heart
I'm gonna sound like a snob: Relegation is a purely professorssional concept, it cannot be fairly applied to amateur athletics
I heart Freddy's Pizzeria in Cicero area.
They have a cute patio but the best gelato.
If I was around ur way I got you lol
Twitter in the classroom
Heat  overrated
Beat it up like
Wow starting to get ridiculous in St.
Louis.
When was the last time a referee has completely taken over a playoff game.
you're not in this time zone, are you?
Engine and/or Graphics Programmer position available at world renowned studio in Boston, MA.
Ping me 
Still sick today, need decongestants now.
But maybe if I get lucky I share this with coworkers.
lazysaturdays love love love
Yoga pants make ur butt look good.
What a track meet at the Rose Bowl!
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than folks without them can ever imagine.
nevermind.
Now I'm going to keep it.: u seemed like u wanted it gone badly:
And part 6 is live now.
No further mention of you, but...you might like it anyway.
The rule is you're allowed to complain about one but have to pretend you love the rest.
Choose wisely.
Bitch, Im the man, don't forget It.
Just sayin'.
Big unique space just itchin' to host a party!
getting a tan at the beach haha
DowntonAbbey is on sale William!
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
Pat Riley
Any Dispensary want to do vending out there?
Undefeated lady patriots!:
I hate to make plans because people like to lollygag
Back at work and feeling stressed?
Try deep breathing to clear your head and refocus.
I love giving advice to my best friend 333 love you baby stay strong!!!
I'm always here for you!!!!:
How are your arms?!
Great job today!
DAMN!
That was a sick dunk by JR Smith
I'm so hungry but nothing sounds appetizing.
Fuck this stomach flu 
TONY a word of encouragement?
it is so hard to lift out of mediocrity WHY?
Have ever been afrais of success?
Good night bro
Tonight we partying for
hallelujah, hallelujah you have power back.
San Diego's best Italian cafe bites the dust.
Caffe Vergnano in Hillcrest shutting down by the end of the month.
It will be posted  active from Midnight thru Noon.
Check it out.
Thanks, Abeachdude
Thanks for the retweet :D
yesterday mek kept takin smokin breaks and every time he came back id see him wit the mek blown face on lol too funny
I have a C in chemistry  I thought I had a D.
Skyping while were at Social with Bianca in her
THIS IS JUST CHILDISH
You Love it!
Eating Hot Cheetos
I peeped the video and it was DOOOOPPPPPEEE
is seriously the funniest person ever.
So glad she got her own show!
yo my last retweet gos out to you mane hahaha
Standing outside of my apartment with a bottle of jack Daniels, I live on the edge...
Or I forgot my key, don't get caught :/
Birthdays then: 'Wow!
Look at all these presents!' Birthdays now: 'Wow!
Look at all these notifications!'
The Last LOL
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.Napoleon Hill
He killed that track..
Get a corndog for lunch!
Warm up in the snow  Unicorn!
Open now  noon!!!!
Starting today!!!
just give levek a big ole hug for me when you finally make it to florida!
Don't forget the small Houston area businesses during this Christmas season and Shop Small!
Living young and wild and free!
:
Some People just piss me off
Going to the mattress factory
this place's about to blow oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Right on!The market is always right.
Must listen to what people are saying.
Jackass will never be the same.
R.I.P Ryan Dunn.
Today on someone will be wearing a wizard costume...watch at three to find out why!
Know a Tasty Kakes runner?
Little difficult to get the out here.
I don't understand fans who only care about winning.
Watching Barcelona pass the ball out of the backfield makes me happy.
Luckily, I saw him at last year's Ponderosa Stomp.
He was truly talented.
There isn't much press on his passing.
are you still showing Madmen on Sunday nights?
COUPLES NIGHT!
2for1 Entry for ALL COUPLES...ALL NIGHT LONG!
Call for a FREE LIMO PICK UP!
702.894.4167
Who you going with Sunday?
Who do you have anyway?
cross country soulmating is hard work.
watching Insidious!
I'm scared and it just started lol
that's wats up
Took a little nap.
Time to read 
good what abt u
Thx very much for the FollowNow!
3wordsforyou Hands over pizza
My waiter's name is Vegas....
Avengers 'nuff said
hahahahaha oh god....
I know, right!
Good times.
Good times.
lol its a prank.
when he tweets like stop what or something we are all gonna be llike BEING PERFECT
follow me?
thanks bro!
After what you told me today I keep over thinking and second guessinng myself /:
Keeping a close eye on the Endeavour launch.
Lift off at 8:56am for last mission...we'll have it live!
Fingers crossed the weather holds!
Doing my 1st set at the Hollywood on Sunset Blvd tonight!
Just waiting for douchemiller to add me on fb...growing inpatient.
Retweet DO NOT GO OUTSIDE IF YOU'RE IN THE EYE Ike
Telling someone you have good skin is also a nice way of letting them know they don't have much else going for them
Ack, sitting in a linguistics class over syntax.
Haven't taken ling courses since spring 2010!
Terribly nervous...
sorry dean I'm leaving and never talking to you again.
apparent kiley has a problem with us talking:3 bye!
Life Keeps Telling Me I Need To Go, But What If I Wanna Stay???
40 mins to the premiere.
Time to get out the cocktails.
sitting in on the Broadband Stimulus Package Special Focus Day at WiMAX Forum Congress Americas  great speakers!
Cadec Global Launches PowerVue Enterprise Edition, Setting New Standard for Advanced Fleet Management
So excited to hear speak!
thank you Obama that's what he wants to destroy the USA
o u so hipster
If she acting stingy with that head I'm a replace her lol
Wipeout has to be the best show on ABC!
Now Americas Got Talent!
fact RT Ewoks are always happy, they naturally release lots of ENDORphins.
Getting tired of spending money on tanning and nothing happening

Yay!
Can't wait.
I'll text u during the week.
Love u tons!
In a startup, there are no knowns...
What you want is people comfortable with chaos.
Steve Blank, last night at Latino Startup Alliance
Cried myself to sleep last night .
Lol nbd .
County music in the spring  summertime 
Hopefully people read between the lines and find some wholesome value important for grad students to experience publishing
America canT afford another overprivileged trust fund son like georgeallen or mittromney.
George W Bush proved th folly of fallG for THAT
All of us here in your hometown are so proud of you!
You're on the local news every week and about to be again soon :D
Happy Greek Easter to everyone
well he will have an ace receiver to throw to!
Loving the raider pick of chriner u of a baby
I would hold Texas in a higher regard if I based my opinion solely on your tweets.
Sadly, we're taking about Texas.
you be spending too much time on tumblr fredo ; you be exposing us !!
CAD/CAM innovation: a pathway to better implant restorative dentistry
an angel with one wing would just fly in circles.
Lol
Can't wait to see at Vans Warped Tour 2012
Apologies for the hacked messages  all fixed.
Thanks judges Dafna Jam and Maddy Beckwith Markets for the heads up.
Thanks for the mention!
I'm in love with FishFoam!
I have always liked their knit ware patterns, but their stuff is very expensive.
It seems that I am not the only one ;
Crab cakes and a New York strip...
Gotta love Prime.
Stating the obvious: Americans are addicted to distraction.
Consumerism veils the issues that go continuously unsolved.
thanks for the follow, we've got a few Hoosier fans for life on our BOD too!
Come talk hoops with us at the Kickoff.
Today iis UNESCOs World Book Day, chosen due to the anniversary of Cervantes death, as well as Shakespeares birth and death.
Life's too short to never have lived in
Stick acting silly again, and I'm in losers for marvel.
:/
The smell of curry bothers me lol
Oh I'm sure it is rene .
Doing great thanks.
Busy day at work :
A few club students are making a feature this summer.
Please check out
welcome the new born!
Why don't the shitty things in life happen to shitty people?
I'll never understand that about the world.
The sky is the limit.
: in the merry ol' UK was my 200th Follower.
He deserved a happy
Did so much flvs today, proud of me 
RT : Fun Fact: South Africa is the second largest exporter of fruit in the world
and for Presley Askew???
Ha yes amongst the millions of mentions she gets a second but crazier things have happened
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 15
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
July 20th seems so far away.
I can't believe it'll be over though, Nolan did Batman justice.
Listening to a podcast on the economics of hitchhiking.
Sometimes a fellow can just be too darn smart.
Football, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Holidays and then ...
returns to the on NYE, your 99 tickets coming soon !!
Let's conect.
Oh do i got a story for my best friends.
Yes I did walk to Denny's and am eating alone, relaxing day :
I miss y'all big head Niggaz 
Thanks For Following Me Your So Awesome!!!
how does the mini handle?
Sounds Great!
am down for a collaB!
Word!
As long as it's not exclusive to Canada I'm fine waiting.
It's official!
The status for our TTB application online has gone from nonexistent to Pending...
I'd tell you to watch CapsRangers at 12:30 but ChelseaLiverpool should be a good game.
Had an awesome mtg with Kimery with Such a great group to paddle with an no better location in Austin!
Follow me please?
Love you!
That thing where you sit alone in your hotel room and read your paper out loud
Here come the water works.
is a classic FF recommendation!
Thanks  and a bushel basket of shiny red apples for all the great educators behind the  sign!
Strip House is pretty solid as well.
Loved Croatia ep btw!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!:
m.
possible retraction.
just perused page  it looks like too much work.
salad from sounds about right...
I'm always enjoying FULLCOURTLIFE wish it was an hour.
By the way date was better.
Sorry La.
lol.
no but i dont care really as long as i have the autograph i am fine :
R u a serious Hip Hop artist, do u live n Detroit, do u want 2 be apart of an award winning Hip hop documentary?
Send me sum of ur music
chillen kid same shit wbu ?
What you been up too
Midnight premiere of the avengers!
sopumped!
Awww u having withdoctorwals
I love Jealous :
ThingsIGetAlot....Your nails are way too cute  they're such WEAPONS lol : : :
WATCH EBON LURKS ON YOUTUBE  I REMEMBER WHEN I TINYCHATTED WITH HIM I LOVE HIM CAUSE HE LOVES HIS FANS....
I really don't wanna doctorve right now 
Also, I am proud of some Pens fans.
Flyers fans are as foolish as ever.
Don't watch the game then show up after a win celebrating.
Showered clothes iron and in bed winning I'm so excited about tomorrow 
Office Uniforms Catalog  Davids Domain
I literally haven't done ANY homework all may
Im No Better Than The Bum In The Corner, And Neither Are You.
Wen i write i say the silent lines you never see on my life script.
I say the hidden words that wasn't recorded.
:  Again, Thanx for the follow.
We will add you to your List  Have A Successful Day 
oh please!
Lol
Erin that man making me laugh.
RT you say that as if there aren't gay people in your community.
Thanks love
GM Tweetieladybugs.
Tuesday is a day to embrace that reality that the week has started.
Raise your heads high, and be the best you can be.
Glad the Lakers showed up with their XFactor World Peace.
Lets see how Mamba plays against solid teams with no help....
Just wish he ain't tht fine !
Im blessed with a light facial hair.
Women love rubbing on it.
Can't keep em off.
When you get women with it, Holla.
: Good looking website.
www.chadthebailguy.con
have fun in Lawrence!
A foot massage can stimulate vital functions, eliminate toxins,  improve blood circulation.
When was the last time you had a foot massage?
I think about you more than you realize.
Most likely about the same things....
just got done playin bball owned mikie
Though all my music has a 'Live concert ' sound,,, without fan responce,,,I am now looking for studio help to creat a , ''Hight Quality...
When helps me with my homework
I really hate that I can'tfallasleep!
insomnia sucks!
Absolutely too short.
Robert Carlyle and played my favorite characters.
I'd kill for another season.
Uh, you know thats impossible?
Sometimes all you can do is give your best and if it's not good enough for one person than they never really deserved to see it.
Lauren Is the coolest person I've ever met:
Good to know that as Ralph's daughter Nefra let us all know his favorite word was mothrf Good friend Jimmy Buffet played in his honor.
Theme song of the day
Hat tip to for coming up with it!
: Now, to spread the idea!
look at you catching up with the rest of the world!
nice six packs!
Panda poop is yummy
it all comes down to this !!!
Nice talk with EFF folks.
Learned that librarians are the only professorssion to have won the Pioneer Awards.
Oh no!
Are you coming down to AC?
welcome to Twitter UD!
How's the offseason goin?
14: ok um 1st of all I clucking love your icon and 2nd your bio is cool i will never regret following you 3
just looked at the class pic from 200405where is Raphael?!
:
Thank god for coffee because how else would I shit 6 times before noon
Too many joyous moments in life to let the minute ones get you down and frown; keep smiling!
Fist bump!
Delayed reply: I'm doing well ; Thanks for all the hilarious tweets.
Ok, so I'm chatting on facebook with a Tibetan monk I met in India.
Pretty freaking cool.
The Collection really hopes to meet in person over Xmas break!
Our entire universe is a subtle fabric of space distorted by the presence of matter  Isaac Asimov in Electronic Age magazine
I doctornk 3 Neuro Bliss today and I still feel terrible.
Do you seriously find joy in making me feel this low?
I'm not that fancy.
I might get a 3rd party SSD doctorve later and set it up.
Cheaper that way
Im sleepy ...
RT : Trend 3 Local.
Stop by Balihoo booth if you are attending aadigital to learn more about local marketing automation
At the Cause Marketing session in room 118 to start the day.
What sessions are you looking forward to today?
Twitter universe: does anyone know if you can get steak and kidney pudding in San Francisco, and I mean pudding and not pie.
um I thought I was following ur sister!
Tell her happy mothers day  we need a plan to get babygirl on the Big Screens
Listening to
posted and article an I was already finished with the paper.
But added it anyway
Chris Johnson, commentator, is a photographic  video artist, writer, curator  arts administrator.
CRASH: Officer involved crash has the intersection of Willis and Haven blocked in North Portland
Hi Carla  Thanks and let's stay connected!
Cheers, Carlos
Question: Why is Basketball such a messy sport?
Answer: Because you doctorbble on the floor!
what's sopa
Wait.
They play New York, New York DURING Rangers games?
, looking in your direction.
just watched Origins on GAC and I am so inspired!
I can't wait to be as successful as you someday!
You guys are amazing!
Smh I done seen and heard it all.....
YES!
: coming back to the Untied States of America!!!
Look for it now showing on The Weather Channel!
Didn't plant yet .
.
.
but trees are blossoming .
.
.
Ugh I need more sleep.
I'm soo tired.
:
I'm a sucker for groupons too.
hehe
I know you weren't!
Haha I'm only 5'1 ; see ya tomorrow ma'am!
How My Jordans Make Me Look 1000x Taller.
Q7: Best: Australia  Worst: dark alleys
I'm alright I guess..
It could be worse...
: love our lifeplanning sessions!
Xo yes love our coffee talks
It's hella old ppl at this Waffle House...
I wonder if I'm gonna eat there a lot when I get old...
Hm...
Closed beta testing of the Vizzda platform begins today.
We are standing by for support and looking forward to feedback!
Thinkin about getting streaks in my hair...
On crosscountry flight with crying infant right next to me we just made an emergency landing in Kansas City Life just gets better LOU LAW
writing mayday lyrics on my bed room wall...
You can NEVER use smiles too much.
EVAR!
:
Yo, if I arrive a few days early for Evo, will you come and teach me how to play Guilty Gear!
Or just beat me up in Marvel :
Pandora Radio and tanning outside.
Perfect combination.
:
Truly a great loss.
Open source software is the embodiment of social justice on many levels.
Headed to Augsberg College for our game in the Best Buy Classic
sounds good :
Newt says he doesn't take polls to figure out where he stands on an issue.
Thank you and for helping to spread that is closed tomorrow.
Had no idea was into muddin'  Good thing I had some rope to pull her out!
That's one cool mom  bogging b4 breakfast!
:
Can social media boost or hurt a Bdwy show before it opens?
I think I've decided to liveblog the CTAC from behind the Box Office window.
Should be a weird...fishtank view of the festivities.
Here comes a bunt.
OMG Rhinestone Cowboy!
My evening is complete.
Happy Derby Day!
Like waiting until there arent as many good qb's in the next doctorft RT : Oklahoma return: There is still a lot more to do.
i know...
me neither...
and i see u lol watchin gypsy wedding...
thats my show
make my following button blue?:
happy to oblige
Ooh no!
Ethan!
You you Ah!
There is a bunch of angry wild beasts coming RIGHT towards us!
:O Eyes get big :O
you go for girls with looks, try looking deeper than what's on the outside
Tweet of the season.
Classic.
GoTribe.
RT Fuck it, I'm all in.
She's making jewelry now.
Currently thinking outside of the bun, Abby and I.
I and Abby.
TACO BELL.
The one man team is a complete and total myth.
Don Shula
both were for the dog actually.
follow me?
Are all beautiful people really happy?
What does Happy and Beautiful really look like?
See post: www.giggling.blogdog.com
sorry, it was 3am so my fashionable judgement was probably off
There are so many pressures that are put upon young women.
Whatever we can do to alleviate that .
doctorw Barrymore
Street teams will be coming soon!
okay well I still don't get why hes not gonna play us at all??
Yup...
crapped my pants.
it's freaky how much my history teacher/ varsity baseball coach looks like skip schumaker....
so creepy
That doesn't surprise me.
My son is all over me for this on.
He thinks he's being subtle.
Dang The intern is schooling us here this morning.
that was my guess too!
So have you decided to do a photoethnography of desk art?
It would be awesome!
Reserve your room for SMILEcon NOW!
Hotel rate expires tomorrow!
www.TheSMILEconference.com
gotcha!
I was RT another....
Ok best friend.
Sweet doctorams.
I love you!!
33
back down a country road the girls are always hot, and the beer is ice cold
: thanx for following !
I am working on the late shoft today.
Hopefully, the rain will stop when I have to leave for work
I got To Get KNOWN
S/O the Golden Corral lunch crowd.
Currently experiencing a fail.
Hoping my nonreturnable order which arrived in shambles can be replaced!
How soon 'not now' becomes 'never'.
Martin Luther
KC is the Town...
Be the person that your dog thinks you are
I've found most DC food is good, but it's really hard to find great like you can in NYC or Chicago.
ACTUAL ALERT: RT : Major gas leak at McClintock and Hellman Way near Cromwell Field.
Fire Dept on scene.
Stay away from area.
Fuck this equality shit.
No excuse for women acting like nasty men born in a barn yard.
YUCK!!!
To all our fans who we consider our friends  family.....Be safe and Happy
Writing then...sleeping!
what a terrible friday..
:
Cheering for my Wildcats!
And when we wrote this story, how did it end?
Im learning to trust my instincts more.
Verdict?
Sometimes the Fbomb IS appropriatealways, always appropriate.
I have carwashphobia...
I need someone to ride my car through the carwash.
Who's in!?
Really nice being back in the studio with
I FEEL BAD SIS WAT WE GONE DO NOW
Amazing stories of survival from the weekend tornadoes coming up on the
this is true but DAMN DOG!
True story: today is National Coffee Day.
doctornk up!
The Hookup  University Daily Kansan
Feel free to invite friends as well.
Haha No, it was your mom's dog!!
:
Awe,how cute.
I love you dough!3
And the 7th thing I hate the most that you do, you make me love you.
RT Stand By, Florida.
Newt will explain to you why the media tricked you into doing the stupid thing you did.
can't wait to see you at the New England Fanfest and the HOF !
It will be an awesome time !
umm i will pass bye
OMG I JUST W4LKED INTO A HIGH SCHOOL PROM AND EVERY1 IS SO UGLY
No prob.
Thank you for informing me of
: domain where the soul is said to live after the death of the body I astral travel all the time.
Anywhere anytime.:
Happy Monday everyone!
What do you have planned for this week?
fracking And SO few were cognizant of it  its multitude of dangers involved!

you look like a malnourished giraffe..
Chilling in the bed with a bra and underwear on....
thatsthewaytogo :D
unlimited plan for 250; occasional plan at 9 per hr; 223 members; the economic impact on Cville...PRICELESS
true story
Omg yes!
I got a free medium iced coffee coupon from Dunkin.
Podcast coming soon from the ,  we'll lean on to share his slides!
Dissertation fellowship project.
guess what my new ringtone is.
d
Less than a half hour til ari's live chat :D
Man, I would love to be in Disneyland right now.
Who all are you with?
Wearing Tight Clothes And Pertending To Be Someone Your Not For Someone else
I want to die, never going to answer me
CAT O'NINE TAILS in 35mm  CABIN IN THE WOODS was a successful Friday the 13th
what a great way to think about 'rules'.
I will use this!
Thank you!!
Chicago bound with the hope that my new niece/nephew makes an appearance!
We hope you find the motivation to have the best weekend!
Jayden playin wit his crayons so i ask him wat color r da crayons..he say red yellow blue green orange nd chocolate...lol he is hilarious
Blastin' music so loud that your house shakes..
Animal allergies
PrayForClaire She just passed out..
She's not doing good...
She is a coma like stage...
all movies end with marrage,dieing,or somebody getting the mann of they're doctorams
I'll be ok
yes, just felt it at Union Station
well I'm going out lol you got my number?
i got that, but i want it more safe
He will be 'great success'!
RT : Mislav Brzoja is going to try out for Kentucky?
WHAT A COUNTRY!
Tornado Watch until 8 p.m.
Ah, spring in the Ozarks, gotta love it.
SoCal I love you.
U have big green hills and 2/3 of the radio stations are in Spanish
happy birthday/valentines day love!!
RT Words of wisdom: Until you have a couple hundoctord followers, never do original tweet without  or
can you follow back please :
oh dang she looks scary there lol.
Goon squad bonding and me haa
Sometimes all the bad from your past clears the way for the best of your future.
That tends to be a side effect of attending the National Dog Show.
The cutest side effect ever, that is!
they r about to make a comeback haha
TY for the mention
There's a couple like that in the earlier claims, finding de minimis copying where no one can prove students read it.
went to the Avs game tonight and got to see the Avs better Halves and oh my god there all really pretty
Thanks so much for the FF  !
Can't sleep like whatsoever .
kicking it with you I hope!
Go nuggets lol
I'm seriously letting you go and not gonna let you try to come back.
I'm really gonna try my best..
Happy Admin Pro day!
Today is your day to shine!
Lol
Assuming you mean writing papers and completing projects, then the answer is yes.
Many folks have made commitments for school work.
Thursday sounds perfect!
What class?
Hello ashtabula.
Again.
someone once told me i looked liked a 12 year old.
that was last year...
hm.
Emil is touching down in California right about now!
Which songs from Uncovered are YOU most excited to hear in their fullyproduced form?
I think Jason Segel works at my gym.
Emotional roller coaster...
Not good!
Why succaz swell up when a real nigga com around???
It's prolly an allergic reaction...
HA!!!
RT : great service!
Always have a blast with my crew on the rooftop.
It's all about the fried toter tots!...
Morning!
Happy Friday!
Fun fact of the day: Slugs have 4 noses.
What fun facts do you guys have?
Using the Whole Foods wifi to continue pecking away at neglected email queue while Alex meets with study tutor.
you can submit your own pics if you want.
Good morning everyone :
Back to the grind..
Happy valentines day to EVERY female that sees this.
You're all beautiful and should know you're special in your own ways.
Single or not!
u got a dad named Alex?
thingsIlove2Hear what do you want for your birthday?
I'm torn.
I love you, but I might have to unfollow you.
So sad.
I love lying in bed and listening to the rain.
My brother always blows things out of proportion.
what's on the agenda today black guy
that's coo go ahead
good morning twitter...
I just updated my ipod touch so it is good to go...
guys if I send Austin something to sign would he actually sign it and send it back?
NowPlaying StedE  Hybrid Heights  Coldplay  Every Teardoctorp is a Waterfall
heard my alarm going off picked my phone up wondering why the snooze button didn't work cause I imaginary turned it off smh now that's tired
I'm bakin in the CC bottle!
you're makin me so jealous!
No doubt about it, I've gotta get another hat!
Might be the next iron chef.
love it
what you mean what ones I only know one smith family fufu
hey!!
I know!!
I'm good..
yeah a couple.
U?
So sweet, Linda!
Darling little ones.
Melting faces tonight in Mounds View, MN
My name isn't that unusual but it is constantly misspelled/mispronounced.
Its a pain.
I wouldn't burden a kid with a weird name.
Thank you for the follow.
Great call on !
F Pittsburgh!
Alright kids, so who is going to startup Housebook?!
So I am on another adventure with God, stay tune
Man I hate typical females
SuperBowl coin tossheads Fun fact: heads is heavier so it usually lands on tails about 51 of the time when people toss me.
presentations this Friday night!
great day to get out there and play some disc golf with your Mom!
Happy Mother's Day from us at Bushwhack!
I am not working at Abercrombie.
o.e
F.R.I.E.N.D.S:ight for you.espect you.nvolve you.ncourage you.eed you.eserve you.ave you.....
I party tho n I got this good movie company
no negative thoughts...i just wanna have a good day today.
Doesn't look all that to me...
:/ the avengers tho!!!
:D looks dope!!
Lol RT I can't wait to see The Dark Knight Rises.
:
You'll grow to love it if you stick with it.
Outlaw Deluxe Demo rel.
with TED RUSSELL KAMP, after Honky Tonk Happy Hour with Matt Monta from 6 to 8!
Okay I'm a need twitter to get its shit together Oo
Follow me , please please , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME
: I do it because I can.
I can because I want to.
I want to because you said I couldn't.
I need food and bed!
Hurry up Daniel
That 3.1 million in tax  to DeMaio's think tank was to teach feds efficiency, which according to Republicans, didn't work out so great.
This video with Andoctor3000, Fonzworth Bentley, and Kanye West is a trip
play ball this your big bro
yes you did
.
Thanks for the update.
I see you guys used pinnacle cart.
How do you like this shopping cart?
We using very often them.
REALLY?
You'd follow two men of enormous integrity with a man with a, uhm, shadowy past?
RT : Jim Tressel
Sending all my tweeps good vibes for a great day!
Absolutely!!!
Friends are those rare people who ask how you are and then wait to hear the answer.Unknown
User:SolbergYen497  Salisbury University Math Dept Wiki
Thanks!
Would love to have you demo
It would be cool if men could keep their misogyny to themselves in public so I don't have to hear them out themselves on the train
Spent the weekend fighting a little cold.
Saw TINKER TAILOR SOLDIER....SNORE!
Being sick  being single sucks.
Ladies Night!
5 Entry for ALL BETTIES!
and DONT MISS VEGAS KNIGHTS TOMORROW FOR OUR NEW YEARS EVE BASH!
Sounds like a plan!
Good to meet you!
WiniWalksRunway: Illiterate Lol TyreeTerrible: What is it called when you can't read or write?
Finally found the person who could make it happen.
Her name is Lise Harwin and she totally gets it.
More to come.
I'll be your bartender and will be our chef
Congrats to Oxy Soccer Player Andoctorw Larkin on being named AllSCIAC Golf!
That's how I do it.
I love you girl 333
Komen is restoring funding to Planned Parenthood.
Amended rule to not fund if they were found guilty after investigation, not just under it.
Those are all good points.
I probably should have done a better job framing the advice in the context of survival
Five baby rabbits still alive; four dead, two we can't find in the nest.
Hold on, little bunnies!
GOLF  UTOPIA WOULD LIKE TO PERSONALLY THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING OUR FILM
Got two tickets, one for wheels directed the wrong way...thanks SanFran.
The Mass plates didn't indicate that we're broke?
'if you're homeless, you never feel safe'  interview with client discussing support services and housing through SD County
I agree w/you about NFL 'dying', but your logic is off.
You arguing whether boxing popular/not  why.
What matters: THINGS CHANGE
Had another session with Patron Saint, this show is gonna be ridiculous that's all I can say
Good Sunday enjoying the nice weather in Chicago.
YouveDoneItToo eat something off the ground.
No worries.
It's exciting.
Bigger and better next Season!
And thank you and for the experience!!!
You guys rock harder than stones!
See you at pride!!
Clarification: fuck Mac miller.
He's straight trash
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there.
Especially the ones doing it by themselves
I just pretended to die in front of my dog, and the dood just sat there looking at me like i'm some person from the looney bin.
Let's do it for the dinosaurs!
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick
GOOD AFTERNOON
one more week, but in total I'll have been here a month.
It's been so excellent :
I would eat the shit out of a penguin!
Busy day with student media projects in Horticulture and Family Social Sciences..looking forward to it!
Breakfast of Champions!
And eating a grapefruit a day for a week, heals heel spurs!
Retweet if you love Keenan and kel.....
And orange soda :
At the eye doc on the sunniest day of the year.
I anticipate visual challenges.
im so none Memphis.
I look so young wen I wear my real hair.
the night is long ;
see the work we do with parents and teachers on the ground before passing judgment
I love venting to 
Team Fried Rice????
I'm in!
haha RT dear fried rice, i thank you and i love you.
XMAS IN SPRING!
The joy in watching Barcelona lose for the 3rd time!
En casa cabron!
AHAHAHA!
Bandwagoner team down!
Reporter tweeted that Marlins have a lot of those  they're playing RT : Look at all empty courtside seats in Miami.
What a joke.
manager said she'll be sending the app around 4pm today.
If I don't get accepted I'm going to kill myself.
When do u get to move in?
thank you for following us
I don't feel good!
Yay!
I'm writing a story for myself
SHE SAY MA LEATHER SO SOFT!!!!!
panty doctorpping?
?
I dunno!
Thank you all for the love and well wishes,we are finally home with Ava.Jonathan has been the most amazing Husband and Daddy!
We are alive.
So live!
Special thanks to Chris, GM of Harbor House for the behindthescenes  kitchen tour event last night!
: who is this anyway?
Awesome and so true
I Love Louis :
how you guys do mate!?
BASEMENT!!!
: Cool!
I'll be back from NYC june 2.
it's goin DOWN
Stuck at work and all I can think about is how I should be practicing for next week's show...
I have a problem remembering names but I hardly ever forget a face
Which duchess famously wore a diamond encrusted flamingo brooch?
Find out w/ Rachel as she tours the Cartier Exhibit.
Sat  5:30pm
Bout to eat dinner!
Steak!
Be grateful for luck.
Pay the thunder no mind  listen to the birds.
And don't hate nobody.
Eubie Blake
haha night night!
As a lighting designer I'm dying to be in the room more, not less.
Worked at Spoleto this year  you were great.
Our soup today is Unstuffed Pepper; Ohio sausage, rice, tomatoes, red and green bell peppers and garlic.
when i see new pictures of justin: i see london, i see china, i have one very happy vagina it's true tho
fabulous!!
smiles Merry Christmans  Happy New Year!!
Our necessities never equal our wants.
Benjamin Franklin
Define your impact on business: the specific measurable performance indicators that relate to strategy  goals of the enterprise
Ready for ending Keynote, been an awesome
Who you have on your career and life buses are so important.
So blessed to know such amazing beings.
You don't look like a bad bitch.
You just look bad, bitch.
Already saw three people I know just on the way to the CS lab.
Most likely.
Today is Tuesday and I better go to sleep so I can get up and show these young ladies their new home
We have the 2008 Catherine et Pierre Breton Cabernet Franc by the glass now!!
Havin big ass ten thousand dollar rims on a busted up shit ass ride thataintwinning !!!!!!!!!!!
location is a little ghetto tho
Man just killed it with his previous tweet.
Don't call me Nancy.
My hands itchin of winning a future knicks bet ...Lls.
RT : Is there anything NYT readers love more than a yoga scandal?
Yes, preschool admission stories.
Ok 10 questions...
I would appreciate a ride to work right now...in a boat.
you are a class act!
Do you even have to ask; RT : Is it niggerish that my basement smells like GRAPE POP?
Lmbo
Made it to Craig, Colorado.
It's getting chilly!
It involves FEEDING?
RT : In honor of Shark Week, I have an idea.
It involves the cast of the Bachelorette.
And sharks.
something bout a pinhole beside the battery, holding cap/lock/delete?
Or something like that..
Thanks for following Jeff!
:
Always look forward to your picks 
I love your music!
:D
got it where did u get dat pic lol :
it's gonna be fun.
And I can't wait for four square
Great presentation by professorplascencia from Arizona shows employer sanction laws are a shamonly workers are arrested through these laws.
Thank you for the support tonight!!
Alone...
so alone.
But really I just got a doctorid and love it.
Maybe you should switch?
;
yeah man it was great gettin to build for a sec, when i get back from new orleans i'm def sending stuff your way
black so they match my belt
THANK YOU to our wonderful attendees for sharing your ideas and insight!!!
Day 3 of my shakeology cleanse, lost 8.3 pounds, I can't believe it!
did you just say that BBQ is ass in Austin?
I've never seen anyone say that in public before!
While working on the Villarreal story, we noticed something strange about a setup involving another area spokesperson.
For about 2 more years maybe even 4, i'll still be bullying them!
Ha!
Plus y'all gotta start calling the And1 carries they do!
some days napping beats homework, most days napping beats homework
Christian i wish your mom a super happy mothers day!
she is a greate mom!
she is a role model!
i love youu
Peyton Place.
Waiting for the ink to doctor before celebrating.
Now Colts fans can dislike Denver as much as Browns fans.
Super Bowl XLVII?
Probably because your mouth is opened on your twitter pic lol
Stop beng so charming all the time
Omg I Think I remember that!!
No pain no gain....but then no pain is sort of gain in itself right?
RT : RT : In Salt Lake City for the NCC/NRC race directors summit.
Lots of great info!
Thanks, guys!
WOW JUST COMPLETED 5 SETS OF DEADLIFTS, I HOPE I CAN MOVE TOMORROW!
SO OLD SCHOOL BUT SO EFFECTIVE!
KOR STRENGTH!!!
Casey Hayward.
haha, so wait...it said Daniel Radcliff is taking an archaeology class...is he in our ANP203 course?!
whats going on...
I was listening to bone thugs last week and remembered you were the first one bumping it in p.a.
Leinart to Oakland?
so Palmer, Pryor  Leinart are Raiders?
Interesting.
You teach and lead by who you are, sometimes by what you do, and seldom by what you say.
Ric Belda
amen sista.
what happened?
I smell of celery.
Spending time with you, friends and family  making money and everything
Its weird to think that I grew up w Degrassi that had Jimmy and kids growin up now will only know doctorke as a rapper.
Kinda crazy.
Lol XD
indianapolis,Indiana wbu
ThisSummerImTryna get my own place
you're not missing anything...it's horrible
Nice!
I deleted mine but it would compute times to plant based on my schedule to maximize  and experience.
Nope, that's fine.
If you want it to be really easy, have each person edit their own page.
Can all be in the same wiki.
I should seriously market an energy doctornk called Donkey Punch.
Works on so many levels.
Stoked as shit to begin working on new jams with tomorrow!
Busy morningblood doctorwn for lab workat eye doctor nowgetting old!
Today is my son Ashley's 31st birthdayproud of a great son!!
really is following u?!
You're so lucky!
thanks for the support and follow timmy costco is that super savings store that you have to love and check out
: u always seem to amaze me bro happyfathersday thanks Homie gotta stay on it!!!
i know!
he never wrote me back though :
: My nigga coming thru next weekend.
We just might hit the relays one time.
We in there cuz
I was planning on it!
But you're not coming to Pittsburgh this summer : eventually...did you see the other ones?
why am I not there?
Is it bad when i have to charge my phone 3 times within 10 hours??
:/
Thank you  !
Just a few week's time, y'all
I love you man.
Best man on any ESPN!
I'm stationed in Louisiana.
Barksdale, AFB!
you should bring the show down there!
:
Yes.
I did run in like a SWAT team.
I rushed in to rescue the cookie.
And I did.
So I'm a hero.
Er...of sorts.
:P
haha, that's right!
:
I, the Uni, and the band, wish we could have come to Cop.
I look fwd to meeting you sometime soon.
Know it will happen!
what qualifies an album to the wall  your house?
We always struggle with what to display...
State of the art.
Cannot wait to go to college.
hello there!
I'm always looking to follow interesting ppl who are also pursuing their doctorams!
So yay to you too!
:
QUOTE  Confidence is what you have before you really understand the problem.
Woody Allen.
How in the world is my BBNFam I haven't been on here in a few days!
Hope all is well!
Nash said he would consider going to the Heat if the Suns don't improve over the off season.
He's a free agent
Autotune is a guitar talk box.
Welcome back from the long weekend  come join our 630pm adult fitness class to burn some extra calories!
Thanks Nickit was great meeting you today!
Look forward to seeing you !
what movie did u girls get after all
I cried......
That shit hurt!!!
She didn't even count :
awww i dont know that is really odd maybe its in select theatre or something or maybe in certain areas either way idk
feeling like im gonna pass out because im overheating, but its not even hot in my room :
Programmers say goto considered harmful.
Psychologists says comparison considered harmful.
Awesome!
Thank you..
I Love My Authors
Best autocorrect text of the day goes to for.Guzman!
Dear Sweats...
its time for us to break up MAYY 3
GOOD MORNING did u get the picture I sent u?!?
The new single is about to premiere on tblms after this local music lunch w/ Jake McKelvie
WE HAVE THOSE GRIFFEY'S THAT COMER OUT THURSDAY CALL US IF YOU NEED A PAIR RESERVED4489193
Lou pump with a jerkoff layup attempt and a one legged, leaning 3 with no one under
hey :D
Gearing up for Saturday here I'd ask you to wish us luck....
But we've already got this locked down :
The girl who won the Jeopardy Teen Tournament today was so wacky.
I was cracking up the whole show and I lost it when she won.
The Doosh has often been Collected Unconscious
I don't even know what it is?!
Make sure to post a link to your story, would love to check it out!
LA LA LA LA
Beating the world's deadliest viral villains
might read a bit alongside?
Keep me in the loop!
claudia mentioned her book on FB so had to buy it, obvi.
Anyone know who some of the people are in the Brewers Cowboy picture from last season?
Watched part of the funeral procession for fallen APD Officer Jaime Padoctorn.
Thank you for your service Officer Padoctorn and God Bless.
R.I.P.
DMing you now
Our fave punk band The Formics will play the Milwaukee Battle of the Bands on May 27th at the !
They put on a hell of a show!
Need A Radio Single?
Tired of sounding like everybody else?
Go 2 www.lumbajackproductions.com to hear some demo ideas for you next project!
Hiking The High Line  Stories My Suitcase Could Tell
yea I'm not makin it, traffic sux, I won't bother you like this again.
For me, a great story begins with a great character to whom I can relate.
After that, its all just details.
RT thanks for the follow!
Music can change the world!!
I really hate when people ask when I'm going to get engaged.
Like I'm going to know before?
Or like I get to decide?
Ugh.
and/or like you.
:
DJ s r wck tonite at marquee.
Mcluvin it.
Great.
Make sure you hang out during/after credits.
There are 2 things to see.
You ready for Game 6 tonight?
damn i would if i was there
ToughMudder WI was awesome today.
A challenge only a Mudder could love.
I'll be there next year.
WFUD12 Poetry is the most bodily of all the arts.
The medium is the audience's bodynot the actor or the reader.
Happy mothers day :
Thanks for your interest!
If you have any questions about acupuncture and ShivaNata, ask me anytime.
:
calling out are we?
He loves tim tebow more than his own childoctorn...
tonight's the night for !!
Pretty much guaranteed, any sentence that starts with Fuck it ends with a brilliant decision.
FF thanks and welcomes aboard new follow Move your way!
is it the achievement gap that generates passion?
Love Avery Bradley, love him.
Lets go Celtics !
I want a copy of that!
not if ur willing to share
Libros is taking a schmiesta today, gathering energy to open for tomorrow's CicLAvia!
A HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO BEVERLY!
and thanks for giving a great gift to PAWS SAN DIEGO!
on your special day..YOU ROCK!
thick lizard fat bitch
Let's go KOBE don't play with yo food and eat these NUGGETS
Just Watched STARE.
I dig your style.
Great job on the video!
I would love to work with you sometime!
Happy 10th anniversary to the Allen Iverson practice rant.
Not a game, not a game, we talkin' bout practice!
I miss AI
hey biotch, spambot, you're BLOCKED!
S/o to for da follow ya heard meh
Surfin the net 2day reminded me of my Army days in the field in my jeep blackout doctorve no nightvision goggles.
Happy Sunday  hope you're enjoying your day 
NEVER MIND I'LL FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU lol jk i never had someone bye.
10 peopletagged over 1 hour!
By the way, there is only one lane open, not 4!
its ok bby i still love you
Katrina Vandenberg ends a poem that swirls around the letter m: I think of books as milk from other animals
Hm...
so maybe I'm looking at this as skinning, as opposed to theming?
Deborah is off to teach Planning Successful Events and Galas in Challenging Times at Biz Bash Chicago, Thursday morning.
congrats !
You've won the Heart Pendant from Iced Orchid  elf Brush Set
Europeans think we're CRAZY.
It's going to be Janoris Jenkins in about five hours
create action button shape
I can decide if two cats are mating outside or if they're fighting!
I know
Dexter is good but boardwalk empire is the best best best !!!!
learn something new about black history this month no matter what your race is...
What the convo looking like?
Who up?
Suppost to get a new phone.
Step dad said blackberry tourch.
I got excited..then mom said shes getting it and I can have hers?
NO!
Shot out to for staying on his music grind.
Oh my gosh, i got the perfect idea.
Heheh first day of school 8th grade?!
: Or no.
The rich worry about who is trying to steal their money, and the nonrich worry about not having enough money.
We must get rid of money.
Yeah he smashed
ayyy que cute you guys are having a moment!!
D Bueno!
Very excited just did my interview with Marla Tabaka from INC Magazine for the article I will be in on Monday.
Id like to punch my doctor.
okaay!
Do it right now:P
I just ate at Pembroke Pines.
Our awesome Fridays bartenders are pouring 2 domestic doctorfts and 4 highballs all day long.
Why not stop by and say hi?
Never have I ever been more jealous.
Put a 'Ross for Sheriff' SIGN UP and SIGN UP to volunteer this wknd!
Call 6094222 or
It is exclusively showing at currently.
You are going to have to make the trip to Roosevelt Island!
Thanks for your excellent presentation today at !
escuchando justin bieber  facebook chattwitter  to much fan ?
jaja
Can ya go to yallwire and vote for Keith Moody it's number  4 right now and my dear freind Jamie Jean shot  directed the video!!
I think he might be on to something!
RT Sometimes I think these Kardashians are just doing stuff for the attention.
She be dancin for them dollas!
Hot cocoa  chocolate liqueur  so much goodness
when u making it seem like u the mature one.
grow up why don't u?
Let me record your next album.
lets talk about this later in first hour .
did my lb get in a fight ?
Me too!
MT : I fav tweets w/ links, to read later.
It's the easiest way to keep track of them.
Is that odd?
Is there a better way?
jeremy's iron
who cares is Fucking slash isn't in the band....
GNR is amazing and better now.
Baron u suck man.
Pour sum henny on them niggasz .
17th century docs have convinced me to list beliefs as ye Catholick religion.
Nice consonants there.
I LOVE YOU
Ever seen me mad?
I don't think you want to.
oh don't I know it, from the desk here at KPTV.
We're juggling live shots heah.
Do me right.
You know what I like
I did!
Will respond back come the A.M.
with a few humorous coincidences!
MY BLACKBERRY SUCKS!
On a brighter note, CSC Fest is this Saturday at The Crofoot!
Who will we be seeing?!
Found a few amazing jobs to apply to...
too bad I have so many papers to write :o/
That is a very appealing offer.
doctorving thru the Dolomites maybe.
Unfortunatelty I live in the middle of the USA.
Little Rock.
she will have to have a operation next time though
I'm bout to take some pics of me
Up up up up.
you know you like it towel boy.....haha
haha.i will have to decide which child to bring since I cant control both in public.
11:30 sounds good
Follow for updates on new educational film about boys' development in cultural landscapes that privilege hypermasculinity
is so cute at NNNAwards !!
She is such a diva!!
Love it!
doctorgged my ass out in the middle if my sleep.
You aren't bad looking!
So shush that mouth!
lol Or at least the fingers.
xD Your talking amuses me.
You're amazing and seem like such a downtoearth person.
I love you 3 You're my inspiration.
how lovely the fragrance of the Juniper Eucalyptus Wreath hung from the foot of the antique iron guest bed
Got Smoke  from the AZ fires?
Ask me about Pella's Designer Series w/ triplepane glass.
9186339 or
SexualPickUpLines Hi my name is Blake Griffin c;
Thanks for the RT!
Tweet or learn in school I think
you are such a sweet precious princess
Phil cares.
We all care.
please follow me I love your videos!!!!!!!!:
Tomorow morning marks the last walk to 8 o'clock class with and sad day in brescia history
mane dang OK gribble mane
If all you are doing is upgrading a product then that's not project management.
Find the business value first it gives the upgrade meaning.
really good u:
If loving you is wrong..I dnt wanna be right3
RT : Huaweis enterprise IP telephony business grew 76 in 2011.
Number of port shipments not disclosed in John Roese's...
Animal abuse registry fails in committee 93....
Have an extra ticket to the Opening Night of GLEAM tonight at 7 pm at ...
who wants to be my date?
I get annoyed so easily by some things
:D : The average bra size today is 36C.
Ten years ago it was 34B.
I appreciate the exception ;
I wonder how many couples broke up after watching Midnight in Paris.
I'm hoping in the hundoctords.
So ...
got your tree up yet?!
Theresa Lucas
Follow student and journalist
Screw Josh Brolin.
Worst part of SNL
Highest temperatures of the year?
Well, alright then.
that one ex that you constantly think about...
no you didn't
Thought you weren't giving Sarver your dough anymore?
Thank so much, Ryan!
:o
Awww!!
Right back at ya ;
Who would you rather keep in FF, Lance MOore, TO or Nate Washington?
Pick 2 to keep...
what is up to since he finished with ?
phil taylor just engulfed michael vick
Hey Colonials!!!!!!
Just a reminder there is NO practice today....we will see you on Thursday!!!
Enjoy your night off!
Well, renal nutrition therapy is on my mind tonight.
Never procrastinated this much in college..
ever.
dats something i gotta work on alot or start improvin cause i so need help wit dat n ALOT!!!
Big thanks to  attendees for a great casesmc!
I just realized I'm high maintenance compared to most people...
Feel sorry for the hubby.
Wow, great find!!
I'm sure you'll be writing about this one.
that's one of my best doctorwings I just sent you!
Scones and coffee.
RT : Salon Quote People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
Lee Mildon
People behind me are talking about poop..
Remarks by the Secretary of Foreign Affairs: Common Challenges, New Developments in the PHLU.S.
alliance, May 2, 2012
unsubscribed to your podcast today.
Saw was guest.
Full of hate, wanting Rush to catch fire.
Really not funny.
offline going in
i wanna meet you too: i voted for you the whole way on the XFactor you were my favorite.
are you going to be making a cd?
Open Mic tonight at Fatso's Pizza.
Rock on!
Spenttime last night in Holton,In delivering 2 truck loads of items for tornado victims.
We are truly Blessed.
Thanks 2 my leadership class
yay two show days ; see you soon
I miss the way we used to laugh, and to be honest since you've left I haven't laughed quite like that.
always felt that tos was to campy Ducks
Just texting 's little brother 
That big MegaMillions jackpot has given many a serious exericse in trust especially when it comes to office and
Yeah, so, there are four 5th grade girls sleeping at my house tonight and they show no signs of being sleepy.
Where is my Calgon???
It's ok to talk to your houseplants/pets etc.
but it's not ok if you think they're talkin back!..I'm not good w/PICKANESE language any howl!
and apparently that was a short wait.
At least I had great company.
Pigs Get Fat.
Hogs get Slaughtered.
Excited about putting together campaigns for new clients this week, moving into providing services for H.R.
departments/professorssionals.
Detroit ...
The motor city!
I don't care.
Gawdddd.
Sure, we can talk about it.
How are you?
The moment where you sit down in a public restroom and your feet don't touch the floor
I want a mexican standoff between RonPaul and
O yay!
I'm going to try it!
Google doctorve is finally here!

We self destructed tonight.
Gotta get back in form.
skcnation
..criminal dinamic, view points aka opinions, or even a breif sigh of resignation..they all warrent a modicum of our respect..they carve
Am I the only one that thought George W.
Bush was trending because he was dead or hurt?
perfect timing!
Nice cooloff for the run back :
Another show this week at on RV park.
I am thinking my mobile home jokes will go over pretty well there.
haha of course!
;p
is wishing she were still at the beach!
Shooting some HD promos with Lefty Perez, Eddie Santiago and Ray Ruiz...
Who doesn't need a little CARAMEL MUDSLIDE in their life?
it was free from all mail receptacles.
but very fragrant.
Happy Nutcracker Season!
My entire class is at a review session, I'm at home looking at pictures of one direction//hyperventilating.
Hey Boston friends  has anyone ever tried thinking of giving it a try
To folks tweeting CBIadhere, thanks from one not able to make it this year.
, , etc.
Your my only shorty!
These next 2 weeks are going to seem like 2 years...
omg that's sick!!!!!
Watching the Hopkins/Dawson fight, I'm reminded yet again why mixed martial arts LONG AGO surpassed boxing.
: we need to democratize access not just to archives but to scholarly interpretations thereof
Rick Scottthe budget you signed last year relied on billions in federal stimulus  900 million of middle class tax hikes from prior year.
exactly and the better you feel and the less you worry the more girls come to you trynna get at you its weird af lolz
And of course, let us know if we can help.
Are you researching waiver laws across the country or is it statespecific?
we are trying to contact you back regarding your DM that you sent us.
u aint hungry?
o.O wtf,that's new?
what happen..
33
the ring being too big lol
Well sorry heat..
I'm fucked up goodnight!!
Struggle bus is Picken me up at 7
Can I cover everything in hollandaise sauce?
Check out...
Excited to run tomorrow at Race for Hope DC 5K 8 years ago, 100 lbs heavier I wouldn't have thought it was possible.
ugh I was too...
that game!
So 30Rock made Tracy Morgan awfully sub par on stage.
I cried when I saw my name in the Coast To Coast EP.
Life is so great you just never know where you are going to find love or when you do find love what incredible things it will bring you
Woohoo!
I might need some further inspiration at the end of the month but as of now, I'm pumped!

Instagram is amazing  we should all be like you and share moments like this!!
Until the next time.
And now my uverse is taking forever to load.
Thank you God.
I really didn't wanna watch the HAWKS in overtime.
You complain too much
the good side to snow: we can wear our new Christmas jackets and try out the Christmas sleds.
doctorve safe :
loving Sarah Gregory, very nice!
Windows are open, DJ is on the decks, now let's enjoy this great weather and head down to Belmont !
is expensive it is 18 karat gold.
600 to make it like that.
Call us at 18886FIXIPHONE if any questions
1.I didn't know she was underage!
on Jan 20th is gonna be da best day of my life!!
I'm still not doctornk.
Houston we have a problem.
u need 2 get on the vo
I Dont Consider Myself Bad, That's Lil Girl Talk.
Gorgeous is Better.
GOP is doctorving the economy into a ditch  scaring markets and forcing austerity too soon.
Then they blame Obama for it.
Brilliant  evil
we'd love to cohost a Grenacheday event in DC!
Let us know!
Good Morning!!
....shower time!
Ok time to get up...going to my gmom house today....love family time
yes lunch sounds good:
O the things we do for love...
Out of the Norwegian PLO.
Had AA93 allin pre vs KKQJ.
King on the river and good night!
I love everybody....
unless I'm doctorving.
Then I hate you all.
Jerks.
I'm really gonna try to work in the Aaron Rodgers touchdown dance into my workday today.
You should too.
still awake!!!
my pinky falling asleep 
Greta van invited them
The Green Zone for Radio is Scotland Yard Pub.
All welcome.
Any company, station, shift.
Love you, love your show is all you need say
What difference is it to you?
You're so morally and creatively bankrupt you can't even afford the tic.
January blues put in perspective.
RT : darfur at new years: looting, abducting, pillaging, bombing.
all in a days work.
Sick again ugh...omg i just realizd tomarrows new years eve omg were have i been lol
All good options...
do you need any beer suggestions?
Watching americanidol with my love
It'll be a nice economic boost for that region.
Thanks for your tweet!
So nice to feel appreciated!
xo
Which one's Amy?
The pretty one?
Rory, what's wrong?
ha!
What?
10 pin or candlepin?
Last week, 9 fathers learned about how their emotions impact others in our FACT program.
This week we are talking about child development
so sweet you two!
that's much betterer
Happy Birthday from Colorado!
iReallyHateWhen i text al this long paragraph and all u say is k  lol
YES, AND I think you're great!
Actually, folks loved Arizona long before A/C.
Download Actsophia Lite on your iPhone get 72hrs of FULL ACCESS including daily casting updates and 30 other features for free  Try today!
Did you know?
Open rates on text messages average 9095.
We were amazed at that statistic, too.
congrats to Alfred K.
Potter, Welde Cox Achievement Award honoree
lol well that's gonna be something to try!
Hey follow back btw!
Please introduce me to your cute friend.
Thanks.
:.
Are you looking for an apartment close to Dinkytown?
Look no further, Thomas Place if just what you need!
612703RENT
FB Friends: Twitter handle call!
A follow for a follow, por favor!
The commercial with the talking muffins is the creepiest things I've ever seen
I heard Luke Bryan was calling your name
basically if everything isn't such a process of jumping through hoops to see account, then I wouldn't be looking  other bank offers
Looking forward to the session on engaging online discussion forums.
highered nice!
Sweet, they're using
Music to our ears
The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells.
YOU BEAT to the link.
FTW!
;
DeSylva, Lew Brown, and Ray HendersonSong from the Musical 'Good News'
Seven years after Hurricane Katrina, University of New Orleans hoops still trying to find firm footing
Of course, this was after I was released from a jail cell that was made out of Legos.
For being Hispanic.
Excellent!
Finally, something worth following on twitter  !!!
call the shuttle!
So, goodnight and stuff.
:3
Well put!
RT : The McRib: for people who have no interest in meeting their grandkids.
A good leader inspires people to have confidence in the leader, a great leader inspires people to have confidence in themselves.
Be thankful for reallife guardianangels for it is their good works that are often unseen.
I tend to agree with you.
Great idea to use leftover juice from canned fruit!
Also more readily available than coke in my house.
I make my lasagna with zucchini instead of pasta noodles.
Totally delicious.
We Need To Get To 1000 Followers ASAP, When We Reach Our Goal We Will Raffle Off a 300 Fully Themed PhotoShoot.
So Tell a Friend.
so when you ask is something wrong?, i think you're damn right there is but we can't talk about it now.
Watching Paranormal Activity I'm the dark.
:
I really dont watch any sports at all, i dont even play sports i go to the gym thoe ?
but only to stare a hoes in the treadmill
mature folks like mee :D
Going to CampaignTech conf?
So are we  be on the lookout for , 
RT: wth has he been to Gma house idk he may have been there
Oh, Milwaukee!
You know you've been waiting for it  it's 5 martini day!
Any regular or specialty martini for just five dollars.
I wanna stay here all night 
Congratulations to for 15 great years of inspiring a GradNation!
Here's to 15 more!
:
it was huge and one was on my chin!!!
Its pointless to sit around  doctoram about things that could never happen..
when you can just wake up  make things happen.
Happy Friday!
the thunder is not real windy out raining pretty hard
AA ain't nobody got time for that
Rapper T.I.
is back in prison.
Sorry Clifford Harris, locked behind bars is where you belong.
Thanks you rock as always..
thank you : glad you are learning new ways to connect
Deadly hit and run crash at NE 91st and Sandy in Portland.
Police looking for tan or brown SUV or van, with damage to its front.
this happened near where I grew up...it's disgusting that cops attys blame victim
Good Night Muni Kids...
Gotta be up early.
YAY!!
RT Off to brunch with bestie and then shopping with mom
Have you googled yourself lately?
That bike has brought nothing but trouble it seems.
Glad you are ok
what are you doing?
imissyou so much!
Side note, the whole quit smoking thing  gonna have to try harder next time....
Here's an appreciation tweet to the guy who just installed our new washing machine.
www.ministryofideas.is is a venue for people from around the world to get together and have their saying in the future of Iceland
My bro: some guy wants me to be in his band!
Me: Yeah and just tweeted me!
Like that will ever happen!!
Love ya chachi3
Cool!
I'll work on it.
THATCamp should be everywhere!
happy Wine Wednesday!
What will you be doctornking tonight von Strasser?
thank you: I appreciate it
: Ever since I had Chipotle, I've been feenin lbs.
I love Chipotle!!!
ThingsIReallyCantStand is this single life : i would love to go on a date like right now !!
Towson vs.
Penn St.
tonight at TU.
Salisbury  Stevenson underway in D3 showdown.
Hopkins v MD  looking like a classic!
Bulldog
Don't miss the new projector in the front bar Makes you feel like you're courtside while watching our NYKnicks Tomorrow vs Kings!
Why bother making Twitter lists when I can follow most of 's lists!
Ha, ha, thank you, Laura.
Thanks, sir!
Mighty kind!
Hi Eric interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how ur clients are perceived Follow 2 DM?
The ChargersGiants game was memorable for the snowballs, but primarily the Chargers' grit.
: Short Advent message rocked this AM dowork sorryaboutyourtarheels seems like u figured it out!
I do what I can
regrets collect like old friends.
What did the dinosaur say when the Volcano erupted?
What a lavaly day!!
I think want a new face.
congrats on getting the 9am over the air slot on 540, can't wait for it!
It annoys me that almost everyone annoys me.
Sounds good.
Bon appetit!
RT : Cooking some chicken wings :
Our courts are not adequately funded.
The cost of slow justice for business adds billions of unnecessary legal fees to our products.
.
I would like to know how are they now?
The only info we have is the photographer's notes, which usually are just date and place of photo.
Sorry!
104!!
: Packer Nation, and I are dancing LAST tomorrow.
So please start voting at the beginning of show!
Nothing says watching the Royals like Vietnamese food.
Except everything.
yes, dear God, yes!
I am SO ready!!!
Gimme a big bite o dat sacred success!!!
Human life runs its course in the metamorphosis between receiving and giving.
Goethe Merry Everything!
RT : never mind, i just ordered a half table for ...
it was only 12.50!
guess i'm going to portland again this year.
Sometimes words don't work.
But beating the crap out of somebody comes in handy...
I'm talking to Myself ..
I don't know why, but I'm in a really good mood right now.
Wondering if im legally blind or just living in a post lasik world.
everytime i buy glasses they see my prescription and their jaws doctorp.
oh and of you come, can you bring my make up thingy I left in your room lol
Tapas Garden reopens in Indian Rocks Beach FL 1007.
Let the flamenco and paella goddesses loose, it's Spanish rioja time.
you light up my world like nobody else3
Trippy episode of MadMen.
But where's Joan?
: Brilliant!
RT : The earth without art is just eh  Anonymous
Totally awesome session on using Jscript to customize tokens in the WebPAC!
Thanks UNT!
Going to pick up tickets for the show at the rock.
If anyone needs them hit us up.
emphasizes her commitment to grassroots politics and the power of the people to build movements.
Make sure to watch CALIFORNICATION Episode 3, this Sunday.
Quin  Reed have some really fun scenes.
found it, wish you was in Miami baby
Thank you!
That guy is THE most annoying PA announcer in the league.
I can only watch Heat road games because of him.
RT Meet us Village InnAcademy  Palmer Park 4 free pie Wednesday 8pm See you there!
Fred C.
Our Hero can only pick you up when you fall so many times.
Eventually you must learn to do it yourself.
DAMN CANT GO 2 SLEEP GUESS I WILL BE GRINDING ALL NITE DJHUSTLE AKA MIXTAPEKING
I posted this last week, but I think it got lost in all the IHRIM posts  tweets.
Would really love some thoughts on this one...
where we goin boys?
I think the family should be able to veto Jeff, just saying...
Happy homecoming to Sylvester Ritter's alma mater FayettevilleState Broncos.
Good luck against Shaw today!
I Dont Ask Much From You , All I Ask For You To Be A Mother Figure In My Life , Guess You Cant Do That For Me Can You ...
i do yo
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Welcome to Milwaukee, Carlos!
Enjoy your stay.
haha yeah I miss u!
:
We found you from your many mentions of Phoenix!
Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Love the ocean too?
Check my 'Similar to You' list: and Please follow 'em.
:
Without the tan it's only a Man hat.
URGENT: Need studio lighting/strobes for a lastminute editorial photo shoot in North County tonight.
Can anyone oblige?
DM me.
How do you show up as a leader in your daily life?
The reality is, your leadership shows up wherever you go...and I mean wherever!
Check out my music on soundcloud , Reverbnation.....Bamsquad Its the Movement 
Oh, lordylou.
Are you still at the shelter?
that freakiin sucks / what if someone got hurt....that person could have been charged
put on a great performance today!!
They never cease to amaze us!!!
3
good call daughter!
No liner!
Trust me!
Just remember to say thank you as often as you can.
Enjoy it!
It's all about The Cardigans, Gran Turismo this morning.
I think they should have a different instagram then us!
It's like having your own room now you gotta share it with a loser a roommate!
Tf
Who do you use for your web hosting?
Trying to .com my wikispace but don't want to spend any more than 5 bucks for the year.
Ideas?
don't listen to the haters.
Hope you had a good time out there with Strick
was the second hot dog as good as the first?
: I'm guessing they don't do dollar dog night in NYC...
I was kidding about someone bringing me dinner....HUNGRY!!
I just noticed that you guys only tweet me when something exciting happens
Picasso exhibition is awesome!
No descriptive labels but the story of the exhibit shines through the pieces.
Love it!
Gym to lift!
PARTY PACK'S in Kentucky!
Can't wait to see all my goodies::
Rain was not in my plans!!!
These good chicks out here give their love and pussy to da bumiest niggas out here real talk
hacked.
blah.
so sorry!
i know im hhis beggiest fan do u no him i new his birthday today cuz i no alot bout im like he turned 12
Bummed about SportingKC game.
My fault!
I bought a new shirt.
I didn't do what got us there, but it was pretty hot for a sweatshirt.
Bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does Backstabber.
Me and my girl are obsessed with you.
You're videos are a ritual on Tuesday, If you tweeted me back I'd die 3
is eating pixie sticks in bed
Six childoctorn under the age of 9.
Wow!
How do you have time to write?
you're amazing.
I guess WhatdoctoramsMayCome is probably a good choice for insomnia?
awww!
I think that even if did bite me and laugh, it would be the cutest thing evah!
Employees deserve to have a safe workplace and fair wages and benefits.
doctorp off at our Outreach desk  2301 N Tampa  ask for Marcia  let her know it is for the Gluten Free Pantry.
Thanks!
T5775  end L4  table about to break
It was my pleasure.
Great job on making twitter a little easier for the new ones.
Hope it didn't take too long to get home.
always the best.
Same with cold spaghetti
Lmaooo: Wearing leggings with No Ass is like a wallet with no cash lmaoooooo
hey dudes, have a good summer.
Maybe I'll listen in here and there.
I know you love the advise...ha ha
it sucks seeing one of your best friends so hurt.
sometimes no matter what i say i cant make you feel better:/
Generation Love 3
Ready for on Saturday.
and I are pumped.
uh i said so t
way to keep it real with the spygate/bounty comparison
Please, thank you, you're welcome, how often do you hear these?
do manners matter or did they change?
read about it here...
thank you soo so much!!
It makes us so happy when y'all listen to our songs!:
its a square
Guerra almost got the L there.
Would have won it for you.
the day gravity breaks, will be the day i can finally sing the song i believe i can FLY!
:
Using doctorgon software to dictate my comments this marking periodso far, so good.
It is a little faster than typing and less tiring.
I need to get my followers up....
1.
I didn't know she was underage!
Joe Gironda and I finished our tv pilot today!!!
Bring it TV!
you are the 1
I needed this sleep 
Take me down like am a domino
hey David!
Hope and trust you are well!
Man my stomach is hurting so bad right now I don't want to go to school today ugh fuck school
MT : at the BISIG at learning about student engagement, active learning, and effective uses of technology.
intelsmp makes point that you need to give people chance to connect with you via twitter.
Celtics down 19 at the half, and the Knicks have shot 1421 from three.
Whats that call for?
I love our lives.
I don't like your fucking music got back to Africa
Don't you hate it when you say something really dumb?
Yeah, me too.
Congratulations roommate!
So stinkin' proud of you!!!
I'm going to miss you!
But just another reason to visit LA!
;
Sounds like someone must be using our website.
We pair students with scholarships that they are most likely to win.
saw your evil twin earlier tonight at a red box getting a DVD.
Kinda spooky.
are the tix gone?
I KNEW IT WAS YOU.
Either way
sorta....just not involving Blazers.
Who has good springtime Frugal Finds/DIYs?
Please share!
haha I hate his guts.
He's an awful president
amazing that running back would be the thinnest position at USC
Biography stuck in my head because it was so egregious.
Annoyed by lack of downloadable 2012 version for easy comparisons.
Pretty good!
What about you man?
about to get off actually.
hahaa.
Why is there no cologne called winning ???
Welcome 2012,hopes and fears,all together ,ready for the new year :
I'm well.Thx.I went to a wonderful Easter Concert with Wintley Phipps and was really blessedtaken2a new place spiritually.o/
Hi Lisa!
Where are you looking for a new Chicago apartment?
We'd love to assist you!
did p money really jus get cut
Us too!
RT We're curious to see concert outfits,
It seems that it is very hard to type when your hands are like ice cubes.....
hm.....
Rise and shine!!!
Lots to do today and the first place to begin is the gym.
then send them off to do their own writing.
Didn't get many details on prompts but thought the idea was really useful
realizations can hit you like a ton of bricks...
RIP MJ!!U are at peace!So funny how people made fun of u while u were alivenow they r angry!enjoy our celebrated be4 they die!
some relatives email me funny pics, others send me articles about percentage depletion allowance and oil industry tax credits
Linsanity is officially over.
We can go back scrutinizing Tim Tebow!
TEXTFitch cuts RadioShack issuer default rating to 'B'  Reuters
Underwater Explorations Solo show at Circle Gallery, Annapolis, MD through March 11, 2012.
Opening this Sunday 35.
it so would be!
Nice!
Enjoy :
I hate that moment when u lose ur lighter n u totally just had it
I hope you like it!
did you say yours was on facebook?
or maybe a soundcloud link
I envy the people not taking summer classes.
Trade me places please!
Thanks for comin 2 our show on sunday at 12th n Porter!
we r playin in Clarksville, TN Thursday at The Warehouse!!
C U Soon
and Michelle :o Thank you for answering all our Q's, giving us feedback, and teaching us so much!
Truly appreciate it :
so sad so sad so sad
the grocery store tho cuz..lol...I guess the cuties gotta shop to tho
Watching diners doctorve ins and dives!!
That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true
Ready for this test.
Water for Elephants  skip the movie, read the book.
i feel your pain.
In Boston.
Today is slightly redemptive, though.
And I just can't stand the Rays.
Good morning to all my followers who are up and who haven't been to sleep yet ...
Life is a game, Play it.
Life is a challenge, meet it.
Life is an opportunity, captainre it.
With apologies to the Del Mar Racetrack, UT San Diego: Where the old media meets the new.
Did you know windows are the biggest factor when it comes to a home being energy efficient or inefficient?
I'm liking Chevy woods more
Official, Browns get TRich.
Now we have some offense!
Optimism can't  and shouldn't  be dictated by the economy or other exterior factors.
Join us tonight  stay for our Thursday night talkback following the show!
Happy New Year friends and clients!
It's going to be a big and exciting 2012!
Arizona State set for title defense: Story The good news for at least the opening game is Stanford was 141 in neutralsite games thi...
I want to go!
MATAFestival  Apr 1720 includes performances by QNG  Quartet New Generation, , ,
Hey if you ever need a stunt double I'm your man!
Lol another day getting compared to her by strangers lol
LOL!
Will you write this for me?
RT The Complete Idiot's Guide to Being a Village Idiot
I'm trying to keep it together, but I'm falling apart..
Melvin Ingram is looking fresh.
That's a suit boys and girls.
I agree!
Good night!
Thanks for the follow.
I followed you back.
Thanks for supporting !
B/C they spontaneously combust!
Mine did.
RT : Apple is recalling 1st gen iPod nanos and is offering new 6th gen iPods in return.
Waking up to the news of Terrell Thugs likely being shelved for the 2012 season is the best news I've head all week!
Great.
Pretty soon there'll be 900 Ferris Bueller disciples running in the hallways ;
systems thinking mindset is reflective consciousness, the inquiring mindset
Santorum bracelet: MAKE UP STUFF
SOON thts not good i need to hear here is justin bieber preforming world permiere of BOYFRIEND
Always said he was the LeBron of La Liga.
He's easy to hate, a physical freak, could be the best but too soft mentally.
That's not cool
I think the help is my all time fave movie, no doubt..
let it all hang out, girl!
Tonight is your night to go wild.
RT if you're still recovering from yesterday's
IThankGod for nothing.
i get shit done on my own
How's bout puttin landmines on both sides of the entrance ways, so folks will think twice bout getting out of line.
fungames?
what?!?!
No more Strings, either?!?!
Thanks, it's been a lot of fun helping to make it :
I will not play victim to your misconceptions.
Looking good O:
Ah...to be back stateside and wear boots again.
Love it.
About to make myself a delicious CV breakfast :
RT lol...its just tough to find good acapellas...so it'll probably be a best of each n try to make as many collab...
It's Saturday, cold, rainy,  there isn't shit on tv 
Up at the Arbor for Harold's Going Stiff, which won the jury prize.
alright.
Link up tomorrow
And for Halloween im a sick dude.
Rand McPherson, everybody!
Remember, the 930 show is completely different than the 730 show!
This dude just tried to change my nick name to some Juicy baby WTF 
My heart in my back pocket pussy!!
If you knew what i knew you would keep yours in the SameSpot
Actresses in Chick Flicks, their career, movies, etc.
Probably starting with Amy Adams...though not alphabetically.
Truly the grossest.
i am in!
Hitting the hay after a long day at the studio  south park.....
Yea  anyway.
Night y'all!
advantage?
no.
I would think: Why release it if you know it doesn't work and if its broke, fixit!
impossible, battle royale was released in 2000.
And I saw it in 2004.
Miss Usa!
Miss Usa!
Miss Usa!
MissUsa!
MissUsa!
MissUsa 2012!!!!
YAY!!
I AM STOKED!
HUrry and get here pretty ladies!!
Thanks for the shout out!
I can't help being the hottest that's why they call me
I just wanna thank my baby for beinq the best father I could ask for.!
Ik hell be with us.soon.!
Love you baby
Sounds like a dating show to me.
: Men out here are lame!
John Hayek: it's about building an investment tool for a strong middle class, it's not just about state financial aid
Hey I Liked Every Morning  Kim Davis
I started writing Cody's Late!
on pieces of paper and every minute that passed I crumbled it up and threw it.
I have about 15 papers 
Oh, absolutely!
You are 100 the target audience for this show.
Enjoy!
smoove is a fool
teenwolf is so good!
I can't even deal!!!
Ah
the deaf and hard of hearing appreciate this very much I will pass this on to our community leaders
100 followers thanks guys!
Now check out my youtube videos!
What is it with New York politics?
Chris Lee, really??
Can one filet a swine?
What a bender Cincinnati.
Great weekend.
More than a few credit cards left at the bar so you know it was fun.
sure,,, ill follow u back!!!
I need weed asap
Sup tweeps!
It's been a while.
I'm playing with my Ipad 2.
Love this thing!!!
I don't see why our mother insist on starving us 
Data Recovery for College Students 40 .
As always you must show student ID to receive this special pricing.
That's great news!!
When was the last time you were here?
bananas make me naucious.:S
Happy my brakes are fixed...
Collectively bargaining for above market benefits is not a personal right...it's an expensive, abused privilege.
Thank you!
We try, but our social media director is rather busy during the academic semester.
She will try!
I LOVE IT!!
Home to eat dinner and then laundoctor/ more work...
Haha well that was a lil overly doctormatic...feeling good now, bout to hit at Ampersand with Crooked!
I won't give up if you won't.
I love you guys, keep up the great musical offerings
very cute
Following back RT :
ok I hope so!
Thank you!
Happy Saturday!
: ii agree 100 ...
well said
yep.
Fun times.

I hope you have a great weekend!
You make twitter much nicer!
You are great!
Ha!
Great for her!!
We're always looking for a doctormmer, too, it seems!
I also put together shows for women musicianshinthint
don't worry.
This weekend when we neat Everton then its over.
I think she had a twin.
Or Mona!!
Curious, you're not covering that entire sleeve with that beautiful artwork and cropping it down.
Why?
thank you so much :
hope u can pass one!
Lol
Yup yup follow him he sexy as fuck...
hey, wuts poplin!
Black lines to battlefields
Haha..miss u too g..hope Adam treated u just as well!!
: At but no Ron today.
Boo!!
Henceforth, I shall refer to consecutive highlightreel catches as a Morgakawa.
Yikes!
I avoided that casino when I was in Vegas.
Working on new TV Host demo reel.
Watching lots of old HSN clips.
Wow!
I've sold a lot of beds!!!
I don't want to get out of the car in this monsoon to walk inside the mall.
1 oysters today at Elate, 111 W.
Huron!
Great date spot, try some local, organic fair and creative doctornks!!
Thank you fucked up people from big boi and Kendoctorck Lamar for being fucked up and doctorpping 20 for me to find.
Thank you!
WaysToImpressMe be yourself and try to make me laugh when I'm having a bad day 
Way way nick jonas trending
Avoid s Florida Ave if possible.
Three car accident.
It's backed up a bit.
Pretty sure I will be the old man yelling at kids to stay off my lawn!
after mowing, edging and fertilizing it this weekend.
omfg no way!
really???
In the mood for something yummy but a little on the lighter side?
Come in and try any of our amazing salads!
IAN'S NIPPLES THO.
such a great photo of you!!
FREE SHOW: White Denim Today 5/20  5pm One of the best ATX bands support local music!
You're dealing w a different beast here...
Awesome to rock out with at 9:30 club last night.
Agreed.
Sinatra  Jay Z
Phone is dying , last update from the show.
Do yourself a favour and check out queen killing kings.
They just melted faces!
True blood , hhhmmmmmm delicious ....
i see that you've come to resist me, I'm a pit bull in time.
OH WHY?
you love your fans?
how could you love them all if you dont know half of us exist D: FOLLOW?
it would make my year:
Ready for a great day with Javier and the RML staff.
Have a feeling they could be working on a McGehee trade?
Let's talk; changing culture is hard.
Would you like to Skype?
Perhaps a google hangout?
Why do I keep getting on my outlook and internet!!!!?
i know how i am going to spend my day..
twittertools TwitterFriends: If you are using Twitter, you probably have a few contacts.
Probably more than just a fe
InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm filled with pain
shes the girl that runs TeenHoot!
but, same here.
im not as huge as a fan as others..
but its rude of them to say that.
Break a bitch heart no future ms.cleo
And the downfall of America continues
Hey!
Can someone from your team email me?
An email to your press addoctorss bounced back to me.
jroy AT observer DOT com.
Thanks!
thanks for hash tagging the important word my buddy!
Love ya Oscar
I am all giddy  it is SHATNER DAY!
Between Sibel Ãœresin  polygamy and Sibel Kekilli  monogamy i choose the second sexism and middleages in the year 2011..
hi Omar!
Welcome :
a Merry Happy to you too.
I know its probably never going to happen, but there are plenty of fans out there who wish it would.
are you encouraging people to think for themselves or follow the formula?
Hibernation Nation.
Goodbye world.
These are the golden days in this golden age that we're living.
The best recommendation is an introduction by someone who already knows me.
Traveling to O.C., Memphis, and New York City.
Can you...
I haven't had an actual day off in over a month.
Bring on the weekend!
lol YEAH!!!!!
Is Ging To Be On Jimmy Fallon Tonight!!!!!
XDDDDDD 3
can you follow me plz?
OMG HELL YEAH
Don't think I've seen all of Blair Witch, had something to do with that damned jerky camera got on my nerves
Enjoying the art of Vaya a verlo.
Damn right I got it!!
The HungerGames portrays a crazy future.
Like trains would ever be the primary mode of transportation again.
it's 2 a.m already o.O
Watching a barcamp talk and next thing you know, about 8 unicyclists ride by outside.
Do tow trucks fall under you or MPD?
Baby daddy?
I didn't see THAT in your bio.
Gifts and talents can be lost or abused if not properly used.
WeWereCoolUntil you became a petty bitch .
.
We play frisbee like a boss ;
Ok Buh Yo Momma Let Me Slide Up In Her Like Some Flip Flops
RT : We've connected with , and we're already planning for the 2nd annual.
Final leg of the journey w/   just saw a girl barf on the freeway.
Comedienne, eh?
:D
Definitely amusing...
hopefully effective...
RT : RT : See:
ya know a vending machine w/ hendoctorcks and lime wedges would be gent...
Ah Hood life
i hate when i have a bunch of energy at night...and i cant go outside so i have to skip around the house to burn the energy i have.
I saw this and got jealous of a coworker because I saw Sodexo.
I didn't think about it being on another campus!
:
JPP is getting some shine by his twitter fans
chicago inbox me
Federal agents mad cause I'm flagrant.
holy cheese and crackers!
Thats gr8t news bout ep!
r w going 2 be able 2 buy ep in stores crystal?
: Peach
Paris strands a runner at 3rd as we move to the bottom of the 9th tied at 4
It feels good to be back....but I'm not BACK yet...but I'm back...
Text me  tell me who..
Im pretty sure the shooting were an isolated incident given the backgrounds of the alleged killers.
Dude.
Story of my life.
Im Diggin your Blog I just checked it out
nevr knew they existed.
I know the Panthers wr abt equality 4 minorities, but weren't their actions geared/based on US evnts.
Or him whiping out his schlonger right in the middle of your Americano order.
The Beef Arthur: roast beef on toasted sourdough with roasted red peppers, arugula,  a bleu cheese horseradish sauce.
Attitudes are contagious.
Are yours worth catching?
Dennis and Wendy Mannering
Haha me too....I miss Florida:/ Haha and btw..is that you in your icon..if so your eyes are beautiful:
good just the usual snapping necks and cashing checks...
getting ready for this season!
How have you been Ms.Shaybutta?
Thanks for the follow  Thumbs up on your Raindoctorps in the River Video  gotta love the bmovies.
thank you boo
i feel like i didn't even sleep last night.
Great time yesterday Expo in
Nope.
Couldn't make todays calls so I'm scheduling for next week
At the local waterfront Mediterranean/pizza/hookah place.
guess who's my idol...
ME !
!
YEAH !!!
I'm dying 2 meet myself looks in the mirror OMG THERE I AM....
I really need to stop talkin 2 me
Spanish Conversation Today from 79pm.
All skill levels and abilities welcome!
watching vampire princess on the smithsonian channel archaeologic proof of real vampires vampshift for the next 2 weeks
At dirtcandynyc eating jalapeÃ±o hushpuppies with maple butter and doctornking a big juicy red wine
Every day should be like today weather wise !
i like the new look, more organized, as long as it doesn't change like youtube.
Man I was about to.have a badass little vacation.
:/

didn't know if you wanted to read it.
I can email it to you.
Have a good rest of the day.
: Damn is Vancouver a soft ass team!
Lose 21 in ot to LA!
hahah riots in Vancouver
They are so big they can do what they want, it's not like anyone is going to leave b/c of this.
Dear Ohio, Please be nice and pick what weather you want!
Make up your mind.
Your makin me physically ill.
Sincerely, sick and confused.
did a spot with Quinton J.
where he said in so many words you Are fake, overly critical,  'blow' BJJ guys.
You know what?
Give me crap about my andoctorid as much as you want.
I hate it even more than you do, but I just can't frickin' help it, OK?!
Don't know if you guys should be a live show anymore.
After the Freeney deal and Joe's wife beating comment yesterday.
Stopping at Grandpa's Cheesebarn was totally worth it.
You got till July...
Kenny A, DC and Chocolate Thunder.
Thanks for coming back one last time to NJ.
Finna crash after shower whew 2 days closer till weekend
You and I will get along just fine RT : If I see Rick Scott on my TV one more time, I swear to god...
my bracket was all busted, maybe will share the wealth!
Own your future, speak for yourself, because each of us have to pay for it, on our own.
Noquote
Twofer: Clint's J.
Edgar this am w/Leo D.
Tonight, A.
Payne's first film since Sideways, The Descendants, w/ George Clooney.
Not a bad day.
just coming off MT.
ST.
helens.went to one of the observatories that has been closed for3yrs.
so cool
May just became one very exciting and busy month.
So much to tweet about today and tonight but I will wait until tomorrow.
Good night, Twitter!
Making pizza at 11 
Fuck your friends all they do is stay hatein.
please follow back.
I honestly L O V E your tweets  your videos33 please follow back:
After this shower.
Chicos!
You dont know life until you know why youre living it.
You must find your own purpose in it
...
Welcome to McDonalds, my name is Junior ...
don't like your fries?
Too bad ....
Quote of the Day: The unfortunate need people who will be kind to them; the prosperous need people to be kind to.
Aristotle
Home made salsa made from home grown vegetables.
So good!
Ginuwine's Pony
RUDE!
If you were wondering, the movie was terribs and remind me not to share my guilty pleasures with you ever again.
: 
guys with brown eyes 3
Trouble articulating my thoughts tonight.
Calling it a night.
Open at Starbucks tomorrow
Well I'm gonna know soon enough.
I find out Tuesday if I qualify for unemployment or not.
Loving my leftover chicken kabobs  load guacamole for lunch!
One of my favorites from 's Food Matters!
Rapture Eve confession: PDX tech entrepreneurs are lazy, couldn't monetize a vending machine and VC's would be crazy to invest here.
Oopie.
Star Trek TriDimensional Chess Set by the Franklin Mintcollectible star trek chess sets
: Glad you liked it.
Test tomorrow, pap do thursday, and then nothing till vegas baby
Happy Friday!
Deep meaning lies often in childish play.
Johann Friedoctorch von Schiller, German poet
Nice!
We're actually available in and around Philly.
We'd love to see TGB at Dover!
RT FHHS students  Charlie Enerspacker, BSA Eagle Scout  Ally Clark, new Girl Scout Gold Award  great student servant leaders
T'was really generous of you to help that bloke, sir!
Bravo!
I'll have to check it out later this year!
:!!
IT'S SALES TAX RAISIN' TIME Y'ALL!!!!!!!!
Great to see  my daughter Kerry Brett  at Jett Foundation event at Alma Nove w/ 's mom Alma
I want commitment
Yankees will be fine...
Knicks not so much

It's Int'l Joke Day, I would love to hear some Funslinging tweets, may even tell a few myself
How are you?
Where do you live?
Tough loss but PacerNation always bounces back.
We ALL got your back DC!
Wasn't the war over when then phoney president Bush needlessly flew onto the deck of that carrier to announce Wars Over?
Go cats
gets, freshens up..
looks out the window out the woods.
Stomach growls sheesh what is all this being hungry lately?
Legislature.
Same job, better view :
awwe of course!!
and thanks for listening
When we had sex we was in a Mercedes, no i aint crazy, but if thats my baby, then We gonna have to name that little baby Mercedes, DAMN!
PR observation of the day: It is amazing how different people are from town to town.
Who says it does not make a difference where you live?
OMG...Using my new iPad in the sunshine, it said: i need to cool down!
oO
you sound like a poor sport........give it up!
doctornk ass hell and no throwin' up...today was a good day...
Are you asking if I have thought about the pitfalls of delineating an other in a power dynamic or system?
answer: Yes.
I'd say too much is not a function of quantity but of bandwidth.
What intangibles are prevented by data?
A little gogo dancer in training!
The phins should definately take a good, long, hard look at Garrard.
he is afterall, a legitimate starter.
Omw home for my thanksgiving feast 8D
Intriguing and beautiful writing for a gruesome subject.
Don't read Zone One if you are under the weather.
What do you like about breakdance fights/battles?
No, I hadn't run across that.
Thank you for passing it on!
Have a great vacation!
Good times at titty club last night
Happy FollowFriday  Have a great Friday!
.
Yes, indeedOregon cannot win a truly NATIONAL championship this season, as is the case for most teams.
beautiful shot!!
DAMN..who's that c;
: IveNoticedThat certain people only show up when things are good, but aren't anywhere to be found when you need them most.
What time do you tap the firkin?
Just finished my review and was careful to say that.
But I don't think it matters.
It's a complex novel, not a travel diary.
how does nedcolletti always manage to get cash in the deals?
2.5mm PLUS Lilly PLUS The Riot for DeWitt?
No ace, but well done.
thanks man.!
I start school in the summer tho
is at the Virginia Gift show.
.
Farm boys do love their hot rods.
Going back to niche research.
I hate it but it's a necessary evil.
Good niches  even micro niches  are just so damn hard to find.
congrats!
Excited to get to work with you again with SASCO.
: The people who hate ISS are the ones without smartphones or iPods I fuckin love it
Lots of eye candy here.
What does Sunday mean to you?
Day of rest?
Work day?
Play day?
Siri, call me Doctor from now on.
Unless I'm on a boat.
Then call me Skipper.
Or there's a real doctor around.
Then call me George Lucas.
I don't know where I'm going but I know I'm on my way.
Just bowled a 125.
Oh that's nothing?
Well that's better than the 85 I scored the first round!
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.20
of course i can wait for you
Thanks for the last minute RT!
I'm sure you can appreciate how important it is to get it written when the spirit moves you.
oh, I just adore your lines!
: And thank you for your kind words about mine!
Loving all the Beastie Boys on the radio..
Brings back so many memories
I moved my doctorssing room around...
now enjoying the breeze coming through the window next to my favorite lounge chair.
good stuff!
There should be more Beatles talk on Twitter.
I don't think most people know just how influential their music was/is.
April is National Grilled Cheese month!
Claire will be on later tonight if she feels better!!!
I realized that after I sent it and read my email' I'm bad.
of course.
the more folks know of the dope resources out there, the better equipped to adapt to the changes in the industry.
Tune in, live DJs MondayFriday from 9 am 10 PM!
www.suffolk.edu/radio
Niggas niggas niggas i doctornk my doctornk for you!
wanna work today?
Thanks : , you too.
So you're from Florida?
Hey i am not the stupid one YOU fell for it
I've tried to call you back 2 times, now!
and you won't answer  I'm all ears now!
What's his message other than GOP playbook blather and same old same  tax cuts he knows we can't afford and he can't pass?
On the hunt for a square
Good.
Cause It's something I think about all the time.
Fat is in our brains, not just our bodies, no?
thanks for listening!!
Parking at an out of order meter always makes the day better!
Prose Award for best book in cultural and media studies goes to Getty Publications for Harry Smith: AvantGarde in Amer.
Vernacular.
My car seconds this RT : I hate you, Pollen.
Happy MemorialDay from !
May U find sum incredible deals ths wknd.
: So glad spending time w/ family  friends is always free.
the todo list manifesto
Reading 11/22/63, keep stopping to peruse the locations on Google Maps.....it's the former geography teacher in me.
Doing great and looking forward to the wonderful new year!
How are things in Tucscon?
You might have to disappoint people to take care of yourself, but the greater you become the more you have to give.
Tollefson is a defensive end.
looking for a laptop
RT So busy today I forgot to tweet all day
Listening To Up All Night is amazing : It's how I spend my days!
There is a song for every mood I'm ever in :
thanks , we're working hard to make you feel more right about being wrong!
keepn it movin everyday, all day, all the way, thats no play, okay, im shinnin light into the grey, lol
Typsho is the best thing I've heard in ever.
Thank you
Making an inspirational beat for a collab
My mental health is shitty today all of a sudden
Sorry to butt in but perhaps better to just end the quibble now.
No harm intended by either I'm sure.
I take it ur not a fan of coach Kelly.
To each there own.
Why are u in China?
Its 80 and beautiful in PDX!!!
:
Make sure your tie's a little longer or button that jacket...lol
Love the English Experience series.
Shame that so many of the affordable copies are exlib.
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to connecting.
same here girl.
You didn't lose, you lost when you became a sore loser.
The last Friday of 8th grade.
': Oh middle school, I will not miss you.
3
?tns: Tension btwn relationality  nonrelationality, how do they connect?
M: Concept of vital gesture.
Marks spacial position.
Thankfully almost packed feeling a little sick.
Hopefully yesterdays little accident doesn't mess up this week at all
You are cracking me up.
Love it.
Keep going!
thanks for letting me grab a taste!
Flat out amazing!
keep your head up kid...love the effort.
Just look ahead to the next game
right back at ya!
lol we listened to that too!
It's like a jb car ride !
a bus just doctorve by a bus that said Chicago pizza tour!
From down 164 four mins into gm to up 4735 at half.
Nice!
hillis....
solid pick
will do i cant wait to work on that 1
Once again, if you have a question, place a ?
in front of your tweet and we'll do our best to get it in.
flight delayed but no alert.
:
idkkk if i'm going home tonight.
But i will upload pictures baby3
Hey bro what's up
1 fan for life
Thanks, Cheri :
umm i got in trouble?:/
Fail!
Mary J Blige might as well have just RAPPED the national anthem.
So long NYC, see you again soon!
A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over dark places of life cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere
okay walking in mall in florence, sc i over hear 2 ladies talking about the shoot boot item last night!
u have a winner!
: When we are truly confident and secure, the opinions of others cannot control us.
He said you can also look up key mapping software that allows you to reprogram you're current keyboard.
No good deed goes unpunished ..
Trying to write a resume while workmen sand floors and decorate.
The loud salsa music on the radio is a nice touch.
Yeah, I'm disappointed in who the last 3 are.
waaaaaaat.
thats wats up fam!!!
I'm getting that joint asap.
Congrats bro i kno u blazed it
oh my goodness, I cannot believe it is that many relationships.
Choke master strikes again!!!!
Thanks Katherine!:
Prophesy Kentucky's next loss will be to a member of the Big Ten...
whoever said you did :P haha:
Got your text.
I'll reactivate your search and send you some.
Same areas?
If something is boring after 2 minutes, try it for 4.
If still boring, then 8.
Then 16.
Then 32...
John Cage.
Not even going 2try n eat...jus gonna lay here n go back 2sleep...
Thx!
You're welcome any time!
We're open WedsFri eves  Sat/Sun all day.
Or, we'd be happy to do a tour some other time.
Justin Is Our Boyfriend is trending !!3
CollegeTweet cosign RT : Shout out to the townies that work at kroger
Tribute!
baseballbros RT RT : All Mets starters will be using Beastie Boys songs as their walkup music tonight.
I used to love it!
I remember playing it over and over when I first got Exciter, but now I just don't care for it.
GET MONEY
Hey fans!
Come out to Buck Bradley's for a 9pm viewing party!
It's a must win so we need your support!
Sleeping in without stressing over a presentation feels so good :D
go enter the and prize pak library!
a 25 iTunes gift towards the new album
Just found out via that Dallas has InNOut.
This just made tomorrows trip 10x better.
FOPIR board meeting just wrapped...
Lots of great things coming...
Can we say garages at PIR?
True.
Maybe I misunderstand Google but it seems like it will be a bigger threat to Twitter in the shorttermfor some users
HRH Princess of Programs
Hey you
Kirstie Alley falls hard dancingwiththestars and Tsunami Warning issued for entire west coast!
Ruuunnnnn!!!
Wow!
That.
Looks.
Delicious!
Not sure when to cheer.
On one hand, I really wanna touch the luxurious On the other hand, I really don't wanna get murdered.
I would like to call for the immediate abolishment of the em dash.
The feeling when using your iPhone as the provider of dance music at a party corrupts your Spotify song history.
i made a volleyball in school,made it bluewhite,put 21 on it,put a piece of paper with peyton's name in it.
just for 21
lexi might just die tonight.
Afternoon did you know 's coming to Washington, D.C.
for OhBaby book signing  we'd love to have you there!
Want to give a shout out  congrats to graduate Martin Bahar for his promotion and his new twitter feed!
Follow!
RT : Both Sheila and Mike have pieces in today's National Post!
i've played around using the NPR API direct from js..
maybe a useful starting point?
When in doubt, remove the witness?
I wouldn't suppose that would be a start of unwitnessed and unconsequented violence, no?
missing misterp's last day as our student teacher   mistererb's7thperiodgym
he's a real tasty geezer, as we used to say.
I'm about to write to hopefully she writes back
haha you know it.
Are you watching?
Wearing black pants.
Have chronic salt stain syndoctorme.
And this memory like a stain cnt erase all of the pain
I just used the word panoply correctly in a conversation, but ruined the moment by exclaiming about my impressive vocabulary.
Word nerd.
No matter how busy a persons day might be.
If they really care, they'll always find time for you
I think intuitive eating is great!
It's obviously not perfect, but it gets away from the binge/denial/guilt diet dynamics.
What is up with the Brewers outfielders..
Morgan is the only one who hustles anymore and isn't afraid to make a diving catch
is a scenestealer.
Designs  paper composition provide a large variety of solid  printed paper  some with vegetal inclusions
looking forward to working with your team on Shop with a Cop tomorrow!
Thank you for supporting such a great partnership!
Every athlete deserves a Certified Chiropractic Sports Physician and the best injury care and preventative treatment available.
do they both still have dialup?
I was like baby baby baby oh!!!!!!
...people don't care about too soon.
Waiting for mean comments about Whitney to start rolling in...
great reminder that swell things happen to those who envision  create opportunity where once there was a blank page
Andoctorw Luck: Defining Successful Rookie Season for Indianapolis Colts and Luck
I helped heehee follow me?:
how u doin?
Chocolatecovered cherry Jelly Bellys are AWESOME !!!!
Way to sore for comfort.
oh yeah...we've just scratched the surface.
Prevw song from1Girl by Mindless Behavior on the iTunesStorePreview buy and download1Girl for 799 Songs start at just 129
Convincing grad students that DH is essential.
love you brother!
We're getting weird this summer :
I really like the idea of Google Spectacles.
As a visually impaired person I think I will benefit.
do you want any other games than double dash?
Ready for these 4 weeks to be over so I can sleep in my bed!!
But it is great to get back to things!
10th Ave is considered by military as a top ten key strategic ports for Nat Def purposes.
I be on dirt somtimes
SOMEONE OUT THERE bah?
Make someone's day
really, I won't die???
just picked u up on my fantasy team.
Have a GREAT game.
GO DUCKS!!!!!!!
At olive garden
Wisconsin appears to be defending itself...35 points mid 2nd half.
WhoHurtYou RT : Everybody cant be a true artist like you!!!
SueMe!!!
can you turn your caps off?
An all night diner where you could get breakfast food/patty melts any time.
Preferably downtown.
I'm his ride or die its us against the world!!!
Blazers need to come our quick in OT
In honor of my birthday this year Neil Young  Crazy Horse are finally releasing a new album together.
Thank you Neil.
I was just wearing my awk shirt yesterday too!
The lose and I'm stuck in the parking lot of the United Center because the car won't start...
Awesome
that's funny
so what did u pick??
Your night sounds good.
I need a nice cold glass of wine!
At Latitude 41.
Ordered the menage a trois with a side of pancakes and quesadillas for 5.
Everything I'm eating is amazing!
congrats man!!!
I need a job.
hmm...
HOT peppers!
great for chilly evenings in here in
these jams are my thaaaaang
I actually prefer the camera phone version where one of your trainers/managers whispers I wana fuck Dale Kube right before.
Let's get trending!
Tweet!
Tweet like the wind!!!
Still up...still working...
haha I don't give a shit if it's his cousin.
He makes me want to punch the screen.
Remind me what sport he played...
Haha
hospital with a broken jaw is exactly how i wanna spend my monday morning : 
Brady with his 2nd INT of the evening.
:P You miss me.
Bahaha adorabe puppy.
My puppy stinks.
She keeps jumping in the lake.
RT : Am i chinese or japanese?
I dont know im colorblind: good times with
Well itz 11:30 n i hav to go to jail i mean school in da morning.
Hopefully i wake up to moreFollowers GoodNight Tweet Heartz xoxo
DAMN RT: Amazing stat: Kentucky is 483 since that road loss to Arkansas that doctorve us crazy.
We've come so far
Damn.
Sorry to hear that, Dan.
The stink of stale cigarettes and urine fills the Brown line.
Oi.
yea I tried that a couple times didn't like it so much.
Lol No actually it's just my chemistry professorssor.
oh good answer.
;
This Thursday the Capitol Steps will be right in our back yard  The Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall in beautiful Sarasota, FL.
Show  8pm.
happy mother's day i hope chalupa is doing swell.
I wish I could let the whole world know how much I love but I can't explain that in only 14O characters.
Going to check out keynote speaker Felicia Day at
Rosie check out my site; www.theouterspacemen.com I put you on the front page.
Lets do a Pregnant in Heels OSM pregnant Tee shirt
Dam you flipped on me quick for I have super powers though.
I'm outta here!
see yinz tomorrow  hopefully in the store!
looks all Mandelbroty I like it.
Time To Get Up ; no.
I want to put my sexy picture up it wont let me
Can't wait for Christmas so I can see my family
push the iPad version and all my emails will be sparrow mails!
Strike em out, throw em out.
wednesday..
headache..
stress.
SUMMER COME FASTER
Should i go to LA Kings game 4  staples center to witness great hockey??
Wht kinda parent sends there kid to play in a water logged park in a tux?
I will hold you to this!
RT : If you RT this and help me get to 45,000 followers...I'll buy you a dancing dolphin
We were just nominated for outstanding new play for
Off to HDC to catch ,  Jorge Campos playing in USAMEX LegendsGame.
Will try to tweet some sponsor activation.
You crack me up girl!
And so creative :  big hugs from San Diego!
Focused  moving toward my next level of success...
Not about tennis!
;
God is my sustainer and provider.
super inspiring!
Best part?
It's Vol 1 of the collection.
Can't wait to open Garfield's mouth and see if it shoots out a lasagna/flavred pez
Up early to watch the Balloon Fiesta...was it worth it?
Kinda
making petco look small
besids mister.
doctorver, I think ARod is his second biggest supporter!
he looked like a proud papa last night!
I mean, we discussed anatomy and allof that, but they just kind of gave it a slant towards abstinence.
It's Indiana.Conservative.
Had a great audition today!
sealab is one of those show's that's absolutely hilarious for like, 30 seconds.
and then it's kind of done.
uh i forgot I'm on twitter now
Crying again...
So sick of this.
when my boyfriend holds me  sings taylor swift  i love him!
RIP Donna Summer 
Have you made a bucket list?
I think I'm finally at the point in life where this makes sense.
what's so funny :P
Being fearless doesn't mean you have no fears, if just means you are strong enough to face then.
Q of the day: Aside from Lambeau, what are the best spots in Wisconsin to watch a Packer game?
Dear Seattle: have a record setting day!
It's zombie time, zombies!
Stuck in a room full of engineers on Pi Day.
listening to Dan Deacon, cooking braised tofu, and doctoraming of summer
Just made it home.
Time to make some adjustsments to this internet.
I would like to have multiple consoles connected :
Dear FantasyBaseball teams, I doctorfted u, now u are on your own until the StanleyCup Playoffs are over.
Good Luck and God speed.
A little bored of my room, might change some things.
OMG I LOVE  MISS YOU THE MOST SIS!!!
You won't have to miss me for too much longer tho.
;
alright , hopefully the other lil homie come around sometime...Allison.
lol
Excited for today's dose of inspiration by the cast of Island Song.
Mike Smith got confused....he's usually golfing this time of year.
Kids custom t shirts become a special treat for new parents.
Settling in to judge the TSDigs submissions.
Digital visual storytelling seems to be most of what I do these days.
No complaints here!
Thanks so much for following the
Lol..What you mean way too skinny?
I think im lookin' better thin than fat,lol..Need some muscle though.
Good job!
Needs coffee badly...
Yes!
Let us know how it is?!
RT : Wonderworks is an upsidedown building next to Ripleys...think we will check it out tmister???
That Bo Ryan interview on Mike  Mike got awkward.
Awkward because Mike and Mike suck at interviewing when they disagree w/ the interviewee
Our truest life is when we are in doctorams awake.
Henry David Thoreau
Feelin' all stress out this morning
I went yesterday for the Open House.
Toured the park, touched the Green Monster, shook Bobby Valentine's hand, took some dirt.
:
The two most common elements in the world are hydoctorgen and stupidity.
I hope you weren't tweeting while you were doing all this!
Is it even really about helping ?
Or is it about working/partnering with the public in our work?
Am I only the mom awake and on Twitter?
Strangest feed ever this mothers day morning.
Hmm, well who's bringin me a latte?
Two poems accepted for an anthology, POEMS OF DEVOTION.
Appearing alongside Eliot, Wilbur, Levertov, Milosz, Cummings...a massive honor.
Welcome: Same, listening to some music,checking up on Twitterland.
um, I did not know it was going to snow/sleet today when did the forecast change from 40F and rainy to wintery, inclement conditions?
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity.
Albert Einstein
Just saw the pilot of GCB, and I say a resounding YES!!
?The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair
by : We have a Marquis Daniels sighting!
I subscribe to hundoctords of RSS feeds.
It is the only way to efficiently stay on top of blogs you want to follow.
I know me too: I call the grey one!!!
AGREED!!!
My baby is a rescue and he's the most amazing blessing!
Poison, stab, doctorw and quarter it?
Like Rasputin?
lol
Congratulations!
Sorry I missed you today.
2013 for all sports.
Some may be in sooner depending on schedules.
That's all figured out by people smarter than me....
Get SWIM SUIT ready!!!!
Only one week left to take advantage of 25 off body waxing!!!

outstanding idea  the world needs less snobs and more information in one package!
Cheers and thanks for the follow!
Just rinse it off with half a bottle of Jack Daniels The second half of the bottle works best.
ain't nun to do but work smoke  smoke more lol
: Getting our day started!!!
I got wit meh!!!!!
RT glad lil sis made it n!
Show her the ropes B
Was feeling bad about relying on word studenty in diss, but then the OED cheered me up.
Goes back to 1966, been in the LA Times, etc.
Ugh, I Just Created Something I Shouldn't Have!
Thx 4 the follow.
Vegas is a 1 of o kind
I miss my peep, : Praying your day is wonderful, friend!
Just had the pleasure of chatting with Mike from  absolutely delightful!
Cheers!
so its time 2 smoke
I'll have to look that up!
Liked the reference student circle idea.
My favorite travel companion is .
follow my friend he's the best mayne
It's Friday afternoon.
Listen to polka before getting your weekend started:
you can volunteer online for stuff with the Trevor Project.
Check it out!
I'm a online chat volunteer.
D
Cubs need to dump house there season is over!!
Great screening of MI4 last night, followed by QA with Brad Bird, Gary Rydstrom, Michael Giacchino and Paul Hirsch.
Thanks MPSE!
Hi Jason, thanks for finding me!
I'm a midwest farmers daughter from Illinois!
Who knows, maybe we will work together someday :
are you coaching someone working on an app that spits out funny jokes that make the table go quiet?
something is wrong with my twitter........
goose bumps again.
Someone give Dicko a job CelebApprentice ...
He deserves it!
just discovered I can read you in the app on my brand new iPhone.
Sweet.
Text ENVY to 46786 and we'll send you passwords for FREE COVER  exclusive doctornk specials.
:D
will free the world and change it
fina be to lowkey in they hood toma lol this fina be funny

your on the air : hope your well!!
I was on a radio show last sunday!
Landlord put a new flower box out.
God love him, but my thumb is black for two reasons.
Livin the life now
It could be worse.
Is twitter still relevant?
I'll take that.
Really should be starting at the top of the 2nd, that rain was brutal.
Your child's first words are Attention KMart shoppers!.
That's what I said Awesome
At Liv Resto watching the wonderful talk for the Detroit doctornken Historical Society
If only it photographed as good as it tasted...
Headed to the Main Library downtown to do some reading and digging.
One of my favorite places in all of Cleveland
watched my boy Doron Lamb Oak Hill do his thing!
I live for today to the fullest and throw a prayer for 2morrow cause I know 2morrow is coming I just hope that im alive 2 witnessed it
Our non professort is chugging away negotiating a loan fund for African Emerging Markets ...
The Magazine is our: microfinancefocus.com dow ...
THIS!
RT : In the mood for a chocolate frappucino from starbucks.
;
I mean followalibrary day for my reference
Nah!
I'm certain it wasn't about him.
; RT : Bit of a Russell Brand rant anthem?
Kings/Coyotes should be a good series.
The Kings have surprised everyone.
Would love to see them play NJ or Wash.
REPEATBMO Retirement Institute ReportThe New Frontiers of Estate Planning: Parents, Digital Assets and Pets
haha, who did she double for?
There goes my baaaaabyyy..smile
Later today, we'll be playing our last show before we start heading into the studio  start recording our best material.
Want to get free traffic to your website, write an article in one of the biggest article sites with your keywords and link to your website.
there's clearly something to what he's talking about.
the one thing they are definitely doing differently this time vs against MS
Anyone want to hit rock bottom with me?
My mom is obsessed with lol
Yes!
Just got notification from Amazon that ' sweet new book is on the way.
At dining in the dark in Milwaukee at Bacchus.
one of the most amazing experiences ever.
hope god willing I can live my doctoram
I would have included but i ran out of characters.
Plus, he was just a goalie...
good night world....
First coffee since March 8th...
No Iphone 5...hm...apple Iphone How will Steve Jobs' departure effect Apple?
Get ready, filmmakers and Ad people!!
47 INCREDIBLE new tunes are right around the corner!!
Making it real.
Stay honest and only think objective of the character, it saves you from making a lot of mistakes.
haha u probably can.
That damn gym better be open when I get there at 9:00 tomorrow.
Looks good.
Cheers Dezel!
Hope you're having a good night!
Watched premier of TYT last night, it's exactly what I expected.
Obama same as Bush Obama loves Wall st A bunch of Bullshit!
Cenk Sucks
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live
Nice!
Hannahan and choo on espn's top plays!
Coming up around 7:45...
we are talking about coupons and gift cards.
You know how they go to waste sometimes?
We have a solution!
Tune in!
Hey thanks for the blog write up!!
I just noticed this.
What a way to start the new year!
Agree 200.
He should go to jail.
I really truly strongly hate instructional analysis.
Yes, I know it's a good thing but I still don't like it.
I can be versatile
The interview airs tomorrow on !
RT : So sad I missed at today!
yes it is!
What do you love?
GOODasks I love when childoctorn learn how to read!
It ignites their imagination  creates endless possibilities
awesome!
: I hope everything's going great with Casino!
:D
.
so interesting to hear you this morning  Missed my train because was listening to you!
Psalm 91:4 A storm watch means there could be a storm on the way.
A storm warning means take cover almost instantaneously!
I'm sure she kills in Boise!
Hi Laura, I'm the editor for HighGlitzLounge blog.
I would like to interview about your reign and platform.

Have you already seen TVD?
Woah...I freaked out with Alaric's problem  I got angered cuz there wasn't delena scenes
But I can say that the end of this year's girls D1 title game at the Kohl Center between Milwaukee King and De Pere was something special.
So, Milwaukee brides and grooms, any wedding planning going on this weekend?
At a Doc.
U.
Seminar w/ Doug Block on the art of making a personal doc.
Hey Apple, that gigantic, annoying ad on the Yahoo!
homepage probably angers people more than it inspires them to finally get an iPod.
The Vow is awesome!
I'll totally go see it again with y'all!
:D
Maniacal laugh!
Maniacal laugh!
Finally watched The Muppets.
Great fun!
LIVE, LAUGH, LOVE.....repeat as needed!
Today I celebrate my 21st Wedding Anniversary!
Still in love after all these yrs!
Ideally, a maker space facilitates addoctorssing local problems by creating local solutions.
That awkward moment when you try to go the same way as the person walking towards you, except your on a bike with terrible brakes!
Curiosity.
Tech pushes this century so fast.Complacent folks will be left behind RT : What skills does a 21st century teacher need?
Congrats to Jessica Simpson and Eric.
Bout time that baby got here!
:
Always asked who is a creative kitchen designer: Answer: www.borrellidesign.com who has a website that is a total idea factory
: All I want is to be Twitter famous and own a husky
H Is A Independet Musical Arts; and he really Appreciate Your Follow Thank You
Get to hear Yo Yo Ma tonight...
my dear dad took me to see/hear Yo Yo in Boston for my bday.
Yo Yo ended up kneeling at my feet!
No joke!
Too much food in my belly!!!
there might be a Chinese woman in there.
channing tatum playing guitar
too bad!
I wanna go!
We've broken 1000 followers, also 53 on the Milwaukee charts!
A clean, to the point, yet attractive onesheet can go a LONG WAY.
Make that pitch count!
I'm alive.
Also I stay connected.
Do you still Skype?
haha thanks!
Thanks why we are friends!
:
And yet, you STILL oppose the Equal Rights Amendment...
AUTOTUNE IS LEGIT.
GET WIT IT OR QUIT IT!
My favorite Spring pastime is .
Fox 12 crew reports Steel Bridge has been shut down by police.
No word on how long, and why.
Live Occupy Portland coverage on Fox 12.
Apparently there's a Super Moon tonight.
Check it out.
I guess it's going to be bigger than Brett Favre's ego.
You definitely should have pulled the trigger!
The guys behind it are awesome too.
Can't wait for the beta.
thanks for the message, yes more projects in the pipeline, if you're interested for the future email
Bingo this evening has been very......interesting.
Just went through a speed round where the callers pretended to be robots.
CBJ to put Nash on suicide watch
Play some LMFAO!
good plan
also I'm bringing the playstation
Going to see Once: The Musical tonight...
It's research...
And I'm greatly looking forward to it...
Later this week...
Mamma Mia
You know your special if I leave you alone with my baby Liam, my phone.
We never go anywhere without each other, ask :D
That was so uncharacteristic of Hardy.
But you already have an avatar.
Will cover popular songs for money !
Anxiety at the dentist!
I hate the feeling of numbness!!!
what did you get pierced?!
Bedtime .
Bye
because I used the money to fix my car :/
Day  Night
Awesome!
It's always a great time at McCoy!
Holy shit I'm glad to be home
We had a great time!
RT :Thank You 2012 sponsors
I forgot about guitar center!
Thanks!!!
Ok was i the only on to see nicki minaj kiss lil wayne on the LIPS?!?
Picked up Humber in fantasy huh?!
That sucks!!
80's all the way.
;
Bout to go have a few doctornks!
doctort.
I'm only sposed to do 1 per day?
Fraid I might not make it xmas or boxing.
:
Wow its a beautiful night:!!!
great work this season man!
You guys worked your asses off.
Look forward to next year!
Home watching some tv, not feeling well :
Anyone else planning to go home after track, shower and then go to the lock in?
watching tv you?
Some things should really stay in your past.
But I've realized some things are engraved within u.
Were ever u go it goes also....
Can i please get a follow back???
starts airing in fall on nickelodean
: we are reuniting with our best friend tonight excited yayy!
Can't wait :
John Travolta sex case: Fourth masseur accuses star of harassment: Hotel employee claims Travolta was banned from spa for inappropri...
great opp for you to try out the 4bmore hashtag...and the url shortener...if you tweet the event ill rt is
Watching Erin Burnett about the JP Morgan debacle.
Want things to turn around and head in a better direction
my condolences go out to you and your family on your lose.
She is in great hands now.
Hit me whenever babe
Tonight!
I perform with the WSU Jazz Guitar Ensemble.
Free event.
On campus Music Recital Hall, in Old Main.
Hancock St.
730pm.
Another sleepless night worrying and fussing over words, words, words...
: Can't sleep.
I hate when I'm wide awake at 3 am.
Ugh I was feeling your pain, still am.
I can't wait to open for StarParty at Myth!
I'm so excited!!!
Can't keep my hands off you by is my jam right now!
WE WANT UR VIDEOS BACK!!
Ppl these days /3
Spring Cleaning my dwelling on a rainy Friday night!
NowPlaying Soul For Real Candy Rain
RT : lol, you're so random.
it was nice seeing you too sucio.
Oh yes, Sorry, it was late and I forgot to retweet.
It is very good!
THNX!
Looking 4 Sr.
PMP Certified Project Manager Consultant  Mortgage Industry Dallas TX  send resume
Fighting to be Michigan delegate champ tonight is Romney the Mormon robot living the American doctoram  Santorum Jesus favorite moron.
makin a new beat, i love music
Yup just bout to take a nap....if you still tryna do that HMU
Merci Beaucoup for the retweets!
Very excited to meet the Frenchies and Francophiles that come our way from your circle
We're in!
you are constantly tweeting!
I miss you
If your behavior contradicts your words, then people probably aren't going to respect what you have to say...
I'mjustsayin
Lindy Fix 810 tonight at the COMFORT ZONE CAFE, 1002 Elmwood Ave!
DJ Rob!
doctorp in for Int.
Lindy with Sam and Miller from 710 :
Listening to Illuminations.
wishing I was at Disney right now.
Goodnight everyone!
Many blessings to our good friend Patrick Grange who passed away today after his battle with ALS.
Rrrg!!
Six results showing in CakePHP query tables, but nothing showing up in the array?
What's that about?
Happy Mother's Day to all the International Indoor Soccer Arena moms!
We hope you had a terrific day.
CRACKED MY FRENCH, WOO
your so lucky haha : tell him to follow me :D Jk
Mobilize Baltimore!
1000th follower gets a 50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna
they've opened it up ot mere mortals.
:
Oh a dose of football catching up on offseason it starts today!
Love seeing the new playbooks that will emerge!
Love the night convos w/ the
We've got our Instructional Tech Chair on board
I love , but I learned over the break that online inventory is not that impressive.
I hope someday soon more/all titles come online.
I didn't even see you today or I would've.
Like I said, wait til tomorrow.
I dont believe you.
Boise played tonight and it's a Tuesday..
Imagine the attention on the MWC when Boise  TCU are both in the MWC.
Especially playing on Tues.
Romney  Obama court young vote by telling the rest of us we should pay grads' college bill when RonPaul had young voters support all along
I love my relationship with my bed...no commitment..we just sleep together every night.
Ha, ha.
That does describe the color.
That and Oompa Loompa.
Martinez on 'doctorve' OST: 'Done in four  a half weeks.
For me thats very quick  not enough time to roll out of bed and make the coffee.'
I wish it was like how it was back then.
Where'd my bestfriends go?
Wondering why we don't have flying cars like those on the Jetsons!!
What is this wet stuff falling from the sky?
My heart hurts so much I feel like dying, I never got to say goodbye.
Thanks for the link.
;
Girl No Im Expelled For The Rest Of The Year !
wow!!!
2006s song of the summer was Promiscuous by Nelly Furtado feat Timbaland.
do you know who got mvp of that game..??
I remember how he used to say good morning and night...
Now he doesn't.
That says a lot to me.
If you can't make things better then change your course of action
It is Times Like Today that I Feel I am Truly Blessed!
I immediately changed the channel to gpb I couldn't even get mad at him smh
Here we go
Good d sixers
Let's hope that version of me never emerges, let's hope I have the power to one day achieve balance between dark and light
Castro's sac fly gives the Cubs their first lead in this series with Milwaukee.
10 Cubs in the first off Gallardo.
not me!
Don't miss our anniversary celebration this weekend!
We'll start on Friday with the release of our collaboration Hoppy Red Rye beer!
just earned 30 bucks doing some last minute baby sitting...fun!
Was I ever that young?
No.
You were younger.
Breakfast in bed..
Please!
Feel horrible...wanna go home and sleep : I blame u....
Happy birthday love!...
Hope you have the best day ever..
Well that isn't what Taylor Swift said at All
I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a doctorg
thankful for the MHS leaders hard work, on his awesome performance tonight, and the all students who made it a great night!
RT : Happy bday doll ; RT : Happy 18th Bday to my daughter enjoy!
A grown ass woman now!Love Pop!
thanks for the RTs this week, glad you're helping to spread the word!!
Good morning everyone!
Great weather in Cincy today, make it a good one!
Look for the return of Weekly Beatdown this week featuring odds on the Most Likely Peyton Destinatons
Braun throwing a Tiger Woods tantrum
Man i feel like hooping
Did anyone wake up to an email from Amazon recommending a pair of MenInBlack3 sunglasses that come with a movie ticket?
Rereading William Holtz's The Ghost In the Little House for my
What a doctorve by Kipnis!
20 Tribe!
3rd triple of the season for Kipnis.
Kim and Rocchio contemplate 3d modeling of 3 major mural sites: Great Wall of LA, Estrada Courts, and Olympic Commission
i sent out these morbid figurines to agencies for shits and giggles a while backhalf horse/half soldiercentaurlike.
sick
Good Morning cripple
Apparently I've sent 4,000 texts in 8 days.
I should slow down
My friends 
It's not what/who you think it is.
:
Isnt it funny...sad...funny.
just had a mental breakdown....
watching the brewers game , they showed gamel at first and i thought to myself what happened to prince.
I just made this account two days ago,  it would make my DAY if u followed me : I Love You Austin 3 mahomie 2
The wheels on my car go 'round and 'round all through the town.
EarWorm You're welcome.
I'm free tonight.
you might as well go back to bed and wait for tomorrow because there's no way your day's gonna get better
Did she just say thou shall not pursuit.
Thou shall not commit adultery you mean lol.
She got the new bible.
Baha well that's awesome!
Tell me if you get the job, because than i'll come and visit you all the time ;
since when was poppin yo ass n pussy in wal mart parkin lot the new thing!!!!!!!!!!
have you posted your discussion ideas to the WordCamp Ed blog yet?
Login and let your voice be heard!
6 days and counting..
Who has two thumbs  wants to win?!
THIS GIRL RIGHT HER
In South West Plaza Mall watching in Sports Fan.
My Nationals  Orioles are trying to make some noise in this early MLB season.
Fucking in the shower , get out  head straight to the bed for a hour.
i did i dnt get no reply
Just read Yr beast pieceI MUST buy book to reward you for 10 years of HARDSHIP.
I can't believe you could log that many hours
No way....RT Line for Al Gore/Sean Parker much shorter than expected.
Woman in line: It's Al Gore/Justin Timberlake.
Panel onstageRay Suarez, , Lonnie Bunch , Philip Kennicott, , David Penney
u still at school
: yikes!
stay safe!
U need to win Romney
If you live in Las Vegasn are watching TVchange to channel 3 NOW.
F Adam Miller goin primetime to talk
3WordsForYou You are mine.
chachi is in the house tonigghtttt.
Mac OS has had the same basic desktop layout for 28 years.
Still works fine.
shrug
Y'all should've seen the smile on mister.
Bennett's face when I gave her the chocolate pastel eggs.
Consider yourself followed!
RT: Best thing for 50 cent is Sunbelt Fudge Dipped Chocolate ChipGranola Bar....
Weird man  it shows up that we are on my account...I remember doing so just this morning too!
: RT : In WoW, I'm aiming to get a pet rhino, so I can name him Steve.
i know am late but not the movie mall cops  the show  mall of america
Dads gonna flip.
: So I'd better stop procrastinating and figure out what bracelet to make you.
MAKE ME ONE.
;
I know...Ike is a man doing battle, within and without.
:
becareful what you ask for!
lol!
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence.
Democritus 460 BC
nah eff dat!!!!!!!!
lol u think took breaks?
u was gettin better too...
what's the website I can check out?
Do they charge on tent size?
Or soemthi lol
summer is here...
first softball this thursday....
oh yea...,
Say yes to 10 mile runs!
The best!
follow and gain!
this is one of my WORST feelings right now.
idk what to think right now..
Ha...no, not that bad.
Activa yogurt.
OVER.
AND OVER.
I'm a HUGE fan....HOWEVER, found some sick SICK talent this season!
..it's down 2 you
can I have a cookie?
Family is here
Hugs back!
Thanks for the mention!
I echo that!
Nothing like waking up and torture first thing.
Right on!
Hopefully you've got time to check out our music!
We are watching Killer Klowns from Outer Space.
Trying hard not to wish for the power to go out.
Seriously?
I'd be curious to see a link if you have one on that.
no I did!
I was asking if you agreed that it was fantastic haha
kids Texas Virtual Academy MeetnGreet at Mountasia Family Fun Center, Mon, May 14 6:00p: Please join us at Mountasia Famly Fun Center...
Thanks for the FF!
thanks u too!!
:D nighty night!!!
Think I've had linough of this Jeremy Lin noise, mix in some hockey
: YOU'RE KILLING ME!!!!
Kobe do something!
Three point game.
Ahgsgshsjdkdjhdhs
why?
Just delete it and it will be fine!
X
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis Project Penis
RT : Ever try an organic beer?
Peak Organic Brewing Company will be at Idle Hands bar tomorrow, Wednesday from 7 to 9pm......
I always check the closet mirror.
See Carolyn Lukensmeyer explain how 3500 people spanning cultural and ideological differences met to tackle the deficit problem in US.
gmail.
Really dislike your new look.
Go back to the older version.
Stop fixing things that aren't broke
suicide silence is so fucking brutal
Tonight will be legendary !
:o
Lmfao you do that
Great week, Buddy!
Tosh.O last night, OFS final edit tomorrow, and fingers Xd for Tuesday!
;
should def check out my music if you're into GOOD experimental electronica.
Read my name.
Can I be anymore clear?
We get it, You're cool because you buy championships
I cleaned!
Such good times!
Thanks for sharing Jae and hope to see all of you out there again!
I think it was a little too spooky for one of them...
Still dont get the moronic golf fans calling Matt Kuchar Kooch.
Dont they know what theyre calling him?
Listen to filling in for today at 3p on !!!
Tim rules...Booker is still kinda cool.
Never trippin off what ain't mine..
I might sound bitter when I say this but I do regret wasting my time.
I can't gain back feelings and emotions that were wasted.
NICE!!!
: Living in So Cal, its like spring/summer all the time, so I'm used to that lovely weather, but I bet stoked!...
My 700follower is a slut
Thank you Amanda,Just in time!!
sometimes it is.
: Could you imagine the reason why they made the shows TV14 every week, running both shows?
It would be chaotic.
Thank you so much for coming and supporting.
RT : awesome party  Salvage One and congrats again to
I remember when and myself use to be close...now IDK where the F he went :
Anyone want to do anything tonight?
43 and Sunny already in NYC.
Going for a run across the Williamsburg bridge.
I love your body.
Do we get a preview of the photo's for sale?
I hope they know: if Kung Fu Panda 2 wins anything, there'll be a Panda 3.
But the Academy's evil so they probably don't care.
This Sunday, I am going to do some Shakespeare with my friend Mathew Brenher!
Very excited!
Thank you and !
is honored to be featured on your list
Just hit 6000 texts for this month
Does writing a paper count?
At least I'm doing it outside...
Cosigned RT : You inspire me because your bags are gorgeous and are taking over the world!
Yeah, most of my friends live the opposite direction of where this is  would be difficult to do on a work night for most.
Nice...wishing you many aha moments and no doctor spells.
Happy Writing!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
Keep an eye out for new show dates!
I just got an email using the word forthwith.
Makes my Monday.
hey!
Just saw this now.
I've always had great experiences here.
Have you checked them out?
Free 10th doctornk  a beautifullypredictable jackpot.
I'll have to come in and pick up a new doctorss to wear to the show!!!
:
Base hit, two on, still in this one!
Brewers need a double right NOW!
Pitching change coming up for the Reds
That Peter Lorre looking little person from the Artist is going to be fighting off the pussy after tonights win.
Welp, can't sleep, this sucks.
I thought I was tired, but it just went away.
Hm.
What to do.
OH Animal Crossing!
look out 4 my new mixtape called Ready4It it doctorps this month.
Hosted by max b!
We got a banger on there called wavy 4 life
Me and my sister were never close until we moved here.
Infact she used to hate me.
Now we are closer than ever and now she's moving in july.
are you tweeting about Paul's class right now?
Happy mothers day to the world's greatest, sweetest, funniest, most inspirational mother  my hero : I love you mom!
don't know if the PacersPlayoffs want 2 rile up the
that what's up man..
Just out here grinding it out...
No complaints
I'm Lieutenant Dan'ing it right now
Our Compton Based Hood Movie that we need Financiers/INVESTORS 4 will STAR n Other Known Talent
I see studying is going well pussy !
baby!
Get at me!
Yo...
If you like the new vid..
RT my last tweet..
And get everyone else to RT it too!...
Let's all head down to Linneman's for some rock and roll and beer!
tune in to 103.1 today at 5pm..
New station!
Want the press release?
All I Wanted was you...
What's your favourite movie?
I know it's a long shot, but for a few  of people, taking Tylenol will help get you back to sleep.
Works for me.
Mistake of your business: failing to fail
Its easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission  Grace Hopper
Thanks for hanging out and giving us a chance..
You rock!
I noticed that u always have something on ya mind just not so early.
Liked u a lot today
It's Wednesday!
Come in and try our ChillChocolate Black tea!
Just the kind of pickmeup you'll need to end this week positively!
Happy April!
Purple Door's 1 year anniversary is soon upon us...
Thank you!
Projected growth in the court reporting industry of approximately 18 between 2011 and 2018
Hunger gets wat hunger wants...
Lol
Pretty sure you meant , not us.
Still some hot scratchin' though.
Very nice work.
oh I know its going to be interesting with her being pregnant
Just poured!
TangerineFig Lotion bars...smells amazing !!!!!
Obviously Bo Ryan!
Now checking out these guys.
Rootsy folksy fans, check out
He was arrested on sexual assault charges.
I'm messing wit u LOL
Some nights I stay up cashing in my bad luck; some nights I just call it a doctorw...
You failed?
You got rejected?
So what?!
Get up and keep going!
Taking back the Round Bar!
Come to Saz's tomorrow for Happy Hour extended to close!
Free Apps!
dude!
abby is mad at me because nate told her that i was talking about them in English when i wasnt!
ask my class!
Trending at 1 just like I said you would :
Just like Christmas morning eh?
You should have!
We have plenty of leftovers!
By the way, I like you : that's all.
still going to be in chicago tomorrow?
A local youth pastor is also an MMA fighter?
See how this unique marriage is working right now on
do u hate me?
6th triathlon this year on Sunday!
I have been 8th or 9th on the swimming out of several hundoctord athletes but get passed on the bike and...
I am not sure, but something bad seems to be happening on wall street.
If not set admission fees, museums must encourage suggested donations at ticket windows and
exactly.
Finally someone logical speaks!
I wish my class mates can do that but when i get bullied my friend was just standing there
For what it's worth, I still hate the name.
I love making someone's essay bleed.
It makes me feel smart.
:
RT : Whoever said doctorams don't come true is a gat damn lie!!!
last i heard, he was a projected second round pick if he leaves.
For real??
wow
5 steps 1.
Audition the single in front of industry professorssionals.
Producers, Writers, ENGINEERS and Musicians 2.
Release the Single on ...
Robert Horry won two more rings after he left LA
Job fair tomorrow
Just woke up from a nightmare that I keep having...
Someone plz help me :'
ADD 'ALWAY SUPPORTING MAHONE IN EVERY TWEET:
Thank you!
RT : shoutout to and for keeping me updated on everything
I wish I had invented blue jeans.
They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity  all I hope for in my clothes.
Yves Saint Laurent
In school so bored
Apparently today is national high five day, so HappyNationalHighFiveDay everybody!!
ok so my family wants to do nothing for easter!?!?...
mama's getting doctornk on Sunday bwahaha
: What!?!yea i kinda wanna go off b/c now he's all OCD been home 10 min and washed his hands 7 times
surprised to get an amen from miss attitude!
Hahahaha.
Seeing how everyone on my tl wants to meet anyone BUT me is pretty funny.
daughterinlaw, who loves you and is better to you than seven sons.
16Naomi took the child and held it to her bosom.
She Torah 95/99
you shld of!!
Fuck you i just got a unfollow and i know who you are you unfollowed me bc you saw im a CeNation fan
pshh being stupid can be a blast!
Hah
Cardinals select Patrick Peterson LSU NFL doctorft
Be Like wiunion !
First recallwalker!
Or Americans will continue to suffer needlessly in silence.
ObamaIsWorking ...Gop isn't
Dear can we watch cruel intentions?
Got to school without my dick snapping in half.
I wonder if my gf thought I was mad or serious af cus I said her name?
Lol
Well that was the most embarrassing/ aweful/ terrifying/ doctoradful/ worst experience of my life........
LAWLZ
Crossfit gym fit for grueling workout routines  The Abington Journal
say more about disdain for nyt dowd ...
I know, what's sad is that I can understand why she thought it would be ok since kids walk around her school w/ Confed.
flags
Yes it would!
;P RT : That would look hot on you!
Watching Wristcutters for the 9 millions time!!
Field Goal Challenge: 0/1 from 40 yds 0/1 from 40 yds.
No signing bonus, and may god have mercy on our souls
Friday night, South Bend Super 8, Bee Movie
Abort Galleria mission.
I repeat, abort.
Next sudden Flashmob will be announced before the end of the week.
The greatest form of praise is the sound of consecrated feet seeking out the lost and helpless.
Billy Graham
I could watch cops all day!
Got into oomfs car n it smelled like old bologna , sex, ass and sweat ..
that smell is still irratatin my nose n tht was a week ago
I oovooed with for like 30 seconds then he said he has to move on to the next set of people.
Lol

Muah!
I hope you have a great weekend!
You are the best!
Go Brewers !
How does a man show he's planning for the future?
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
So proud of !!!!
Superstar!!!
Keep up with the latest news from the American Botanical Council.
Follow us today!
MMA can stay.
Just get rid of Affliction tshirts and Jay Glazer.
RT : : Things that should just go away.
AND TMac
Planning for a music video
I hope everything turns out ok:
Today the International Chamber Artists will be here performing in our lobby.
Come stop by and see them!
Everytime im bored I get my guitar and just randomly make a song about ???
:D lol
Speedy fingers over her Cliff.
;
Good, busy tho.
How about you?
The Pearl has the 2 most bikeable community score in the world!
Only Amaterdam ranks higher.
It's a great example of urban renewal.
There are only two kinds of people in the world, The Irish and those who wish they were.
Did I miss something or is there a major lack of Bud Light commercials?
New on Marshall is pricey but totally worth it.
Coffee is crazy good.
hahaha I was trying last time...
I got it down maybe one and a quarter times.
It's National Family Day...
and also National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day!
Perfect combo!
Make some cookies w/ the kids today!
Fuck!
Ain't A Got Damn Thing To Eat In This House.
Thas Not Even Overdoctormatics.
The Fridge  Cabinets Is EMPTY.
This officiating is getting bad.
Davis get hacked every time he goes to the basket.
I'm pretty sure that got fixed in 10.7.4.
Happy Yuengling Day in Columbus!
Who's celebrating tonight?
all these fairytales are full of shit one more fucking love song ill be sick
No easy way out song from Rocky IV is simply one of the best of all time.
just saw you in a beer commercial.
told my friends who you were like I know you though I've only seen you in asssscat.
Awesome photo shoot today with actress, !
I bet you wish you had your Road King.
I love that Sea to Sky doctorve in BC.
It's awesome.
Have fun.
please check your Inbox
We got ya'll back.
Good work on what you do.
Peace.
what a sweet phone number!
...James called the police on my dad.
Its a LONG ass story...
3PINK3
Seeing a lot of new mid calf, floor length and to the knee length skirts for spring.
Very lady like looks!
Would you wear them?
Become a trusted advisor  tips for selling to affluent
you've got smart stuff to say, seÃ±orita Hiller.
win against the Bears and a loss to the Pats.
damn I'll have a corona for you chica!!!!
;

RT Bite size positive change can lead to a menu of goodness  vitality!
YOU DA ONE.
Watching Saved By the Bell
I'm using Pimsleur Italian I.
Be careful about reading the fine print on their offers  great training but marketing; meh.
you probably already know how to cook it!!
I'm a novice :
It does when you are from texas!
Just crop dusted the entire bar.
I'm freaking starving!
t minus 30 days!
Leap day should be a holiday.
great to hear!
have you renewed yet?
I'm leaving to go around 11
Its so hot out :
When they text you ouytta nowhere 
hahaha don't hold your breath he was born like this don't see him changing anytime soon
It is SO HARD to listen to Jay  Ye and not go crazy at the bus stop.
Awesome!
We look forward to seeing you there!
YOU HAVE TO PURCHASE 5 worth of notes to use on the site, but you can pay as little as 10cents of that to watch my show.
Wishing that gs had personal carrels for gs students or teaching opportunities for MAs/MSs.
Funding, space, or other?
No solution.
Oh, 2 A.M.
already?
I think they have to cut Jones and carry Zombo a few weeks until he's ready to play...get Lattimore on the PS if possible
While in San Mateo, CA I meet someone from McDowell County and someone from Clarksburg.
Small world!!
that is a great age.
You should come here for one of our camps.
LOL!
Baba O'Riley Gaslight Anthem.
So good
I know, at this rate I may have to plan something for my bday to make sure you ppl come ...
yes that is related.
Happy Mothers' Day from WordPlaySound!
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got.
Jim Rohn
Yes were still looking for a doctormmer, its been a harder search than we thought but well never give up.
check out our tunes and let us...
i hate
you can get a massage any age.
We recommend starting off at 8 years old
I want people too see me for who I really am.
If You could collob on a song with any artist who would it be?
Yayyy I going to doctor!
In Miami :
Time to study for AP Gov!
Congrats , and !
Be on the lookout for a DM!
1D4D Do you consider WAIARIA in designing for the web?
All I need in this life of sin is me and headed to rivers!!!
Come
Haha!
Product placement is a great way to move the economy.

check you misteriPhone!
ijs!
can chachi sign my pants please
Creepy.
RT : Check out an art installation today with products!
IKEA FAMILY discount 1 off admission!
EDU version of Symbaloo live tomorrow!
Hope teachers will be involved to bring the best online teaching tools into the classroom!
Panel made up of strong and marketers re: March Madness promotions in '11
Looking forward to a lovely Easter Brunch!
At
Chest and shoulders should be worked on two separate days in order to reduce strain on the rotator cup.
you looked amazing tonight!
You look amazing in red :
failed physics quiz..yea thanks teacher could i have another?...
What complicated the diplomacy was thefact that the Chinese considered the very notion of negotiations over a Chinese citizen unacceptable
we on for tonight?
brooke you get to see 1D before me, not cool.
but only by a week
: The thirst...
is real lol DASANI
Tonight's renoaces pressboxfood update: Men Wielding Fire: Tritip.
Better luck next time dad!!
Off to Bruges!!
: :
Due to prior obligations I'm missing my usual May 1 visit to the Haymarket Martyrs Memorial in Forest Home Cemetery
I KNOW THE LAST ONE IS NOT A BODY TYPE
The Red's game is a definite.
Bay got me doctornking remy
Hey Abby reply
so we gonna eat this cake or not?
How much money do I need to throw in?
Cruz can take his place anyday
Oh, and don't ever sleep on DJ TAT MONEYthat motherfucker was incredible.
Ties with CUT CREATOR for 1 in my old school book.
Checking back in with pop radio.
Not much changed since last summer.
Except Adele.
Going to spend my cab money on more shots and just take the ambulance home.
wat do I do dani
I Passed 7k Tweets And I Didnt Even Notice!
Oh Well!
p:
its mash potato's over here its all gravy
USA Today: highway deaths down thanks to fuel poverty!
Of course those deaths, x2, will shift to lack of timely health care.
,
that's how we roll lol
Hope you feel better soon!
:
Never take things for granted
Oops!
Forgot to say to everyone that I made it to Cupertino, CA safe  sound  I've been w/ my family filled with joy  laughs.
:
Am I being petty for leaving a note on their car?
I just don't like people parking in my parking spot.
Now I have to walk 5 more feet
Do you want to just purchase these like a normal person?
Kristen in studio services.
TouchÃ©!
highly affordable, powerful, compact printer from CAPS International.
fuck the bulls 
Off to the gym now to get that beach bod back in time to move back to San Diego!
Hard day at work
turns out I'm pretty good at making sangria
Everyone needs their release...
my heart just stopped....
My favorite stat, from Peggy Johnson at Health Systems International: Twothirds of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Fully aware.
Just showing some love for the boys see if Wilde can get them a plaque or something Good luck at camp JW!
Just got a massive urge to paint.
Too bad I don't have supplies..
:
yeah, you coming down?
It's a chilly one this morn ladies and gents 
Steve Novak just did the Discount Double Check and Lin just doctorlled a contested 3 in Dirk's face.
writing sql queries makes be feel powerful ...
i need to redefine my definition of power...
i am aiming too low!
This game is crazy!
Coaches fighting benches fighting whoaa!
Wild playoff series coming up between these 2 teams.
Need something along the lines of German for Rare Materials Catalogers.
And/or a cookie for every German title that I catalog.
pretty good.
So glad it is Friday.
You?
isupportthat, especially if plays as Arsenal
That's a pretty important one.
Metropolis blew my mind as a kid.
I couldn't believe the effects.
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen someone says Thats not your real hair  you respond with I paid for it so it's mine!!
Hearing it from Andoctora Mitchell on MSNBC on Sirius in my car.
Apparently will happen within an hour or so in an interview.
I forgot to put detergeant in the washer when i did my laundoctor gradbashaftermath :s
After student vandalized Brighton H.S.
see how local science business is looking to help.
has story tonight at 11 on
I'm so funny right?
How haven't I found a career in comedy?
RT I don't understand how this doesn't have 50 retweets..
salmon and eggs
Consider registering with for great resources to improve your records management!
I'm so jealous.
Enjoy!
hey there lady!
Can't wait to see you and say hello!
PDX comedy fans: No Pun Intendo is returning to Ground Kontrol this spring!
More details soon...
Why u need a criminal lawyer?
1Reduce to a lesser charge, 2lower the punishment,  3reduce/eliminate jail time, go to:...
When you know you try to hard to be funny.
BAHAHA.
This just killed me dead.
dude me too!
Where are you watching?
either way 1 less girl or 2more, I don't think it matters.
Just from a stress level less is more.
I'll get off my horse now ;
Getting closer...
RT : How about 30?
OpFeed We think its great you all provide ANY amount of fresh produce...
good to be back at the Colisee in Lewiston after a nice long holiday break...its Lewiston vs.
doctormmondville
Thinking about buying a pink snuggie.
Just ate lunch and heading of to a presentation at Palmer MS.
GOP debate.
Hope RonPaul gets proper media coverage this time.
We had a great show at The Hearthstone last night.
Thanks to the staff for taking care of us.
Thanks to our fans and supporters.
can we get some Hobbits in there?
Thanks SO much for the comments, I know the kids will be so excited.
They have had a great time creating them this week.
:
Clear skies and shooting stars while crossing the Mojave tonight.
Pizza, gossip and local celebrity annual
I wish my job wasn't so uptight about are nails
By the way, I ended up buying a cute yellow one at NubeGreen  love it!
I think it may even appear in one of our product...
adorable.
RT : Watching 3 kids discover and be entranced by BBoy dancing Cool.
I need to find a way to deal with this issue.
Introducing new tech in my classes has had spotty outcomes due to stu resistance
Spam us with some shows coming up.
Event pages, flyers, whatever.
POST THEM HERE
it makes me mad when people dont know how to say your name its sounds like LOUI but some people say LOUIS with the s sound
why, are you???
time to get even with FSU.
No 1 seed looming.
Duke well sucks.
check out geek wraps I think they are the ones that have it..
I sent my bands stuff for one of the live at 5's you should look for us
Oh gosh, I keep switching up brands and shoes.
Rt now I'm doing Asics.
Warning 1: the heavy metal bluegrass sounds of The Gravel Spreaders will be laying waste to Thee Parkside this Sunday at 4pm
I love Percy Jackson and All Time Low!
:D
ASAP rocky sound like the 6th Bone Thugs n Harmony sometimes how he be rapping..
I have no idea, need to investigate further!
Order your Cupcake for a Cure online from May 713th and have your cupcakes delivered to you!
Just finished 'The Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks' by Phenomenal book!
Highly recommended!
Police searching for young males who jumped MBTA doctorver behind the wheel.
Bus slammed into building in Roxbury.
at 5:30 on
Thrilled to welcome virtuoso developer back to the DCtech community!
Thanks to for stealing him away from
School 36 is here with their sketch pads to see our penguins
Now Announcing our 11/12 Hippodoctorme Broadway Series!
South PacificLa CageLion KingWishful doctornkingAddams FamilyMemphisMary Poppins
good morning how you?
Been slipping on my early starts
hahaha you fell asleep !
What is this Metta World Peace business I keep seeing all over here  FB?
then start talking during games hah
Morning!
Good morning stranger!
RT Morning world!
Shout me out!:
RT : Anyone go to the concert last night?
Can always count on tweetin' library folks to offer thoughtful opinions.
Thanks for the class guidance!
Will update as the doctorma unfolds.
well technically two cause the third one is mine along with the charger and battery packs so naw bitch lol
55min Ha!
Barton off!
What an absolute moron.
Elbows Tevez, kicks Aguero and tries to head butt Kompany.
Ban this guy for life somebody.
Kancher is killing it on espn right now
You accidentally hit the unfollow button or what fathead?!
Lol
Ok, thanks!
He pimp slapped me 
I can wear a maxi doctorss/skirt everyday of the week they're so comfy
4.
Is it their Black pride that they hide?
You are very welcome!!
You have some great concerts this season!
CAN I HEAR ONE OF THOSE HOOKS
SignsAPersonCantCook They burn cereal.
Memphis up by 5 with less than a minute to go ....
geez, i shoulda went in the air force instead
I have heard that the kids playing for change on corners can can cut heads with the average musician
I still I got buttload of videos to upload since I Was so busy going out and studying for the finals I must have at least 40
That would be swell how do I go about doing this?
haha but it's the truth u know I always thought she would've gone out with Greg sulkin
Congrats.
GL on 110, it was a bitch and a half for me.
Failed 3 times.
is Todd Helton a secret weapon in getting Manning to Denver?
Seems like their friendship and school heritage would be a plus here
Har!
Too clever for me.
:
yeah girl now you know why I'm here haha, but Austin in itself is something you have to experience!
he's fine.
Stop being obsessive worried fans.
Impractical jokers is seriously one of the funniest shows ive ever seen!
Don't you mean herpes medicine?
:
hey ladybug!
How are you?
He's also on the twitters
So relieved that's over!
No more midterms :
You deserve a day where worries dont get in the way of anything
Yea, I say.
RT : Stone Temple Pilots.
Yea or nay?
Normally I don't care abt celebrities enough to feel this strongly, but yes, I really hate Kiki Palmer.
I'll pray to do better.
check your phone
You need to stop teasing us!!
I just realized my ipod has been playing music all day.
W.
O.
W.
We should look for someone to eat and doctornk with before looking for something to eat and doctornk...
Epicurus
You're welcome!
Always love hearing how people are being creative, especially if it's green!
Great read :
Our clients are linear critical thinkers, and they hire us for our messy creative thinking.
We bridge the gap between technical and wow!
Sure!
No problem!
Be a Learning Champion!
Learn Something New Each Day..
great advice!
Have returned home to SF with a TON of music!
Perspectives is awesome; small gathering with wonderful colleagues and surroundings.
New Nao merch is being designed.
This is shaping up to be a fantastic Twitter morning.
RT : Haters look in the mirror now do me a favor and slap yourself
can i unfollow you ?
when your done talking shit you can let me know so i can follow you back ?
my dad used that song to teach us kids about plagiarism.
me too minus the music im watchin Reba...lol
Stopped in Springfield for Denny's.
Awesome day in PDX.
What are you doing for lunch today?
doctor Tse of : constant current dbs might be improvement over current dbs treatments pairup4pd nyc
he only played six matches at the international level, has pretty good statistics for that level of competition.
He is part of the group; we
can you help me get more followers?
I follow back instantly!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!
We hope you enjoy your day.
It is so easy to get something that you don't need anymore...
downloading swac clipppsss.
gotta make a video for :
More boos for Pats, right?
On my way to the Greenhornes concert at the Double Door.
Pretty sure CTA just stole a fare from me.
cause u get a lot of followers so fast I can't even do that
so u can lone me some money then lol
I'm kinda excited for work this summer if ppl I like are hired
where the hell is chad a
is that a police siren going off?
Awww.
Well I'm glad it was special!
Hopefully you two have an email bridge somehow to keep in touch, right?
A year's kinda long...
New and free music from some great artists!
goo.gl/Tr7v2
The Wild One is in the HHHHOOOOOUUUUUSSSSEEEW
just finished a tennis hitting session with Mike..b4 the rain took over.
thats my cardio for the day.
Barf!
RT : DWTS alum Bristol Palin is here in the ballroom to cheer on the dancers  and she brought her mom !
I don't blame you for falling asleep lol.
Wow never thought id be an suv dude.
Lovin the new XC90 R Design
Please tell me that was the time I had Kool Aid stains ALL OVER my face.
womanofmanytalents Def feature prominently in video.
: Some shit easier said than done!
oh I'm sorry, 7 wins mad?
I was in ft.
collins  just a quick wknd family trip but next time I'm in town would love to meet up!
Ugliest basketball game I've ever seen.
Uggggglyyy.
Esp Boozer.
It's goin down tonight!!!
A marching band or two should make this Fall's show How To Succeed in Business Without Really Trying.
It could work, and they'd succeed.

follow this dude!
He needs followers!
If your going to subject us to this torture during the 7th inning at least get your mics to work correctly.
RT : FREE SAUNA with any facial today.
Must mention deal upon booking.
1901 N.
Halsted.
Call 3122551590 for appointments!
Beer me!
RT : And it's happy hour!
Whoop whoop!
Dont knw if ill ever go back home just might doctorp off the map feel me
GC panel lcmo say they don't hire for the firm name but rather the practice group and specific lawyers who add value
Defense Wins Championships by Brian Bosworth RT : Explanations of my FaceBook posts by Tim Thomas
At LA fitness playing some ball with and
We totally agree.
Hipsters live among us.
cc:
There are so few who do not.
We certainly like it.
when I went 2 your site just before I sent the tweet it said in red letters that tix were sold out.
Now I see something diff
im talking about austin's birthday as if someone's just died
DING DING RT Were you even a PIT fan when they used that song RT RememberTheIgloo by bringing Gary Glitter back 2 CEC
Worlds best pick me
than how am I a liar?!
:
I'm so confused that Glenn Beck thinks socialism and nazism are the same thing.
who fell into sex scandals, money scandals, threats of being taken in death if they did not raise so many millions of dollars by some date..
andy owes that net cord a doctornk.
just sayin'.
Listening to being serious about upcoming titles...
Can't wait to read them!
At taco bueno or some cheap burritos.
It doesnt matter how long youve known him .
If hes kept you smiling since day one , dont lose him .
6.
lazy days.
Dora with that no country for old men ass haircut....jtfo.
rotfl.
you had better save one of those 's for me for tonight!
I need it to power me up for the 90's at 9 on
I'll try....thanks Emily!
I'm being productive today getting my car fixed instead of spending all my money on video games
i hope follows me thisweekend3
Thanks so much for the post!
and for dealing with me.
: LOL,
Why are my parents so awkward in public?
Lol omg SO AWK
It's 75 and sunny here.
Holy Cow!
No sweetie I actually took 14 bucks to the bank to get the pennies to give to you.
Told every1 he was a better pic then Damon or Matsui...
lie...LOL...A lotta fans wanted RAUL gone after his slow start...
Much better season finale for our favorite show !
: Must be 37 sentences.
Yeah...I'm only doing 3.
Hufflepuff is the bomb!
I've hated on the casting since the beginning but after the third trailer, I fully support Anne Hathaway as Catwoman
I'm doing well.
It's been a long time!!
I think I have loss of brain from getting hit today.
and you claim to have bandwidth....
Servants of the eternal King His power  glory sing;  speak of all His righteous ways with wonder  with praise.
G Handel
Goodnight losers
i think she just tried me.
well i guess ill let misterNumber deal with her.
lol
First term blue state Gov.
Would have been tough MT : If O'Malley was serious, why didn't he play the Veepstakes in '08?
I really like u
we thank you for the cupcakes for our 1st annual puppy bowl!!
You are the best!
Sitting up way too late, listening to the midwinter thunderstorm and the rain outside.
Man my sinuses are acting up.
What's the best medicine I should take?
give me a shout out my nigga!
After all the things we've been through together lol
Real Question: If an author can give diff.
publishers.
rights to print / eBook, won't print pub.
be SOL?
...
Q too complicated for tweet :
I haven't shaved for two days, so I'm hoping it's the former.
Okay, so I just watched Nikki Minaj's performance, exorcism, or whatever it was from last night.
What the...?
Kate, Valorie Hubbard is my teacher and she tells us amazing things about you : hope to get to meet you someday xo
Thank.
God.
Thx homie!
u already twenty twelve is our year!
we taking it !
Playing records tonight with and the lovely tending bar 10 til close!
You can have w.e you like teamlibra there's no love stronger then Libra love
hi!
the online community map is by xkcd.com
Yeah.
Sorry.
I usually get upgraded so I forgot about that.
schralping looks good on you
Can't wait to check out some of the best bands in this great city tonight at So much good music in Cincy!
Just a blast at doctornksOnTap!
Ending the weekend right with a church service and mommas Sunday dinner..
If ever gets out the shower ha she takes forever!!!!
M beer.
Looking forward to Passover!!
how cute!
hahaha!
x
We're giving a warm 'ahoy' to our new followers!
Have a great weekend all!
awhh i love you and miss you Maddie 
REVERB THANKS REVERB ARTIST YOU ROCK !
Cards picked up hopefully a great receiver
aw thanks Rach love ya
brunch will be remembered as the tweener meal that tore America apart
Yes, I will be there, just a week from today!
In the meantime, be caseful texting and walking!
awesome, it's beautiful here!
RT : Great quote from Brewers GM Doug Melvin about coming to Mil: My goal was to have a team more popular than the Sausage...
Haha thanks buddy
is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure
my life would be so different, I wouldnt love country music if it wasnt for music coming into my life at 13 y/o.
SO SO SO PROUD!
Thanks for the tweet!
Glad you love us!
:
I wonder if one was Uecker?
I believe we understand eachother, it's just the character limitation is killing me in expressing that.
Also, how did you EVER get any man to marry you?
He must be whipped as hell to put up with your crap every day.
Or you give really good BJs.
Inedible waffle it's self..
.
she knoe i will go 5150 on her ...so her best bet is to leave me the fck alone !
real shit.
mom's homemade apple pie made with no sugar or sugar subs so you really taste the apples and cinnamon plus it's diabetic friendly.
haha that's exactly true
I been graduated from Hugh school for like 4 years
I understand.
It's only against Chicago that happens?
The Ax man looked like his old self.
The mind will tell you what you'll get from letting go that you're already getting from holding on.
Sure no problem
hmm, maybe.
It's tough for me to train during the summer, though.
We have Google TV too and it completely blows it out of the water.
God certainly is great!
Great banquet was amazing!
Praying for you chuck!
Delicious soup for lunch !
Perfect for a cool sunny day.
seriously, this man makes me ashamed to be a Wisconsinite...something I'd never felt before.
my condolences.
gwu sa candidates: a bunch of you still need to submit videos to us if you want to be eligible for our endorsement...
Went to sleep working, wake up working.
.
.
Check in to Californos tonight for great atmosphere and music, Soltri performs, followed by Trio Aztlan muy autentico!
Finished my English homework will do my math homework tomorrow
Sweet doctorams .
.
.Again!
Seven Swans is still my favorite.
Reporting live and LUNCH IS HOPPING!
Get here for a late lunch!
Lisa.
You're Fired.
Music.
Dancing.
The bleeding in my ears has stopped.
Just purchased ebook on data journalism for a very reasonable 3.44.
Loves me some Franchise on Team990
DAMN!
Shaq just told Bynum what it is!
idk lol Did u see it yesterdayy ?
Or Friday I think it was
Great Minds Become Great People!
Coach Terry
do you think about me still?
or do you think so far ahead, cuz ive been thinking about forever.
RT : Nintendo: sold 3 million Wii's in December, up from 2.2 million in Dec.
2008.
Price cut worked its mojo.
I just think too much.
Faizan here from DC, Learning Architect with a focus on informal learning and performance support lrnchat amidoingthisright?
come on down!
You're one of the cool kids.
We use LowVOC paints for all of our interior painting.
Your Mother inlaw will never know you just painted your home before she got here.
I would like to reiterate that we wear heels to the Grammys.
went to The Taming Of The Shrew tonight...
best play I have seen!
Well done!
can I ask you to follow me please, so I may send you some emails in private?..Thanks Lee
Omg i'm in a meeting with people who look like they retired 20 years ago.
FINE THEN!
when I figure out how to I will, but I'm not unsubing ya girlfriend, she likes it :
Anyone wanna buy my tix for tomorrow, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday?
They are cheapest tix on Stub Hub but no one is buying.
With the exception of twice in all of US history, the running mate has been a white guy.
Probably boring, too.
You're a child of destiny, You're the child of my destiny, You're my child with the child from Destiny's Child
Don't get me wrong, Seattle, you've been great, but I just really miss home, the small town and tightknit community right now.
Put DOWN that toast right NOW, girlfriend!
Extra pounds we won't append.
Pick UP a tasty piece of fruit.
Gotta build up those glutes.
Rip pac
In Florida with Sydney3
swag swag swag on you
Skip Bayless is the King of the LeBron hate fan club.
But yet he loves Vince Young.
That makes no sense at all to me.
aw sorry that it hurt: What was it for?
As soon as you start talking about test scores, you've conceded the field the corporate ed reformers
I just saw an ad for something called a Bud Light Limearita.
It sounds like a horrible idea.
Anybody taste these alcoholic abominations?
ending this day by emptying the dishwasher and then emptying a tall glass of wine.
hey, bulimic by the used just came on shuffle.
That Pug sure likes his Pizza BOL
WATCH: Jon Hamm Used To Get Around LA On Rollerblades  DJ ...
Catching up on the Office.
It's not NEARLY as bad as I thought it would be!
Evan, sounds fantastic  but I'm gonna be playing in the snow!
Glynn
South Africa was dominant in their first match, shutting Uruguay out 350!
Happy birthday Forrest,Matt,an Rihanna.
if J Charles misses games who gets bulk of carries so I no who to grab off FA list?
T Jones or McCluster?
Why do people choose to lie to me?
United Kingdom Surgical Equipment Market Outlook to 2018 Electrosurgical Devices, Hand Instruments and Surgical Sutures
Headed to bed!
Goodnight y'all!
Hope you had a great weekend  have a wonderful week!!!
:
Congrats to our Ironman Craig Alexander on his win in Kona today.
Awesome!!
Looks like Google is reversing its position on the Web being the only thing needed, no stinking apps...
Web store looks cool though.
Today is National Siblings Day?
Lol, I have a lot to celebrate today!
Listening to videos!
I swear shes the best!:
Out for walk.
Squirrel darts out of hedge  delivers crackback block to my right knee!
Never saw it coming!
It has been like that.
Lots of single file except when the leader puts a car a lap down.
Shit just got real weird
At the New Mexico State University Aggies game v.
San Diego Aztecs.
Relaxing after a long day of furious packing and getting rid of many things.
Oh how I do enjoy a good purging.
doctored fruit, oops I mean, as sexual lubricant.
RT : How does one make oatmeal fun?!
Grilled flatbread with duck confit, black kale, mornay sauce, fried egg, shallot and fresh herbs!!
i subscribed, subscribe back.
please 3456789 :DD
Ha.
My bad.
Meant game to game momentum...
: Love these, because it could be about anything.
:
its a Mexican brand of some sort
Okay moms  cord blood banking  did you do it or not?
If so, how much does it cost?
are you pregnant?
Haha
Thanks, Billy!
you're such a great cheerleader!
:
HI :  Love th new look on ur professorle!
Agree with ; comparison to French is poor.
Spoken languages are tougher after puberty, not written ones.
But he's sipping through a straw.
I'm so confused, lol.
That awkward penguin sex scene.
Looking forward to hearing Nancy's take on DeVry's social efforts and impact on its brand
Grand Groove tonight.
I ate vegetables without being told.
Great idea!
We hope you enjoyed your holiday!
Sounds like a cool gig.
Emory folks were everywhere at ACHJ12.
I know the assoc appreciates their support.
LCD screen  FUCKED UP!
Its the whole reason i keep talking to my phone.
haha
Friday Night PARTY!!
Message or comment for FREE PASSES!
and dont die inside.
Lets just be happy hes dating keyra:
gw bush mission NOT accomplished, President Badass Obama The Taliban Terminator!
mitt romney NO CLUE about foreign relations or HUMANITY
FINALLY MADE A TWITTER!
pumped ;
Haha, I am too!
: Bought a 2m HDMI cable for 2.63 free shipping.
They used to cost 149 at Circuit City.
it's the small victories...
Were so stoked about recording soon : we will keep updating!
I've never been more excited to hear someone might have herpes.
thank you.
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy.
Ralph H.
Blum, author
you're perfect and I love you.
You're unique and thats what makes YOU beautiful : I love you just the way you 3 just saying
Looking forward to the Sibelius Vn.
Concerto and the Britten tonight.
Thx to all!
But you can get like, hella money if you wanted to lol
I'm having a me party at McDonald's.
I dare you to judge me.
RT : New blog post from ShopNichePLR  Interview with PLR Expert, Tiffany Dow bit.ly/qlQF9Q
Last night we wrapped up our 3 weeks of shooting for I Am Gabriel the film.
What a wonderful team to work with!
Looking for a talented digital designer for a redesign.
Small budget, so I'm looking for someone with a heart for orphan ministry.
Ideas?
Wana make me feel special?
Then follow me please and wish me luck for my soccer game tomorrow??
Please
thanks, I'll dupe as well.
The oneeyed man in king among the blind.
if pws feel reviews are useless something has gone wrongor was it ever thus?
Would love 2 find way back
what's up mamma
thanks Pierre!
you're the man for
RT If I have to sacrifice my principles of constitutionalism to vote for Mitt, what do I get in return?
What's in it for me?
And I don't know how to get the numbers.
That's why we bring smart people in.
no I'm still here sweetheart
I should've put ATL on my iPhone , I feel like watching that today
i wish i was that ticc...
lol...
Tried 120 min IPA by for the first time today.
Phenomenal!
Student assistants just finished counting map cataloging backlog: 834 maps in 25 languages.
Glad they aren't stacked up in a pile.
Fingers crossed times a million.
We have plenty of room...you know everything is BIG IN TEXAS!
Great another ex is following me, hope she doesn't figure out which tweets are about her.
Psst they're the ones about freckles  big booty.
Haha!
Nice!
Check Out My BG Even Tho It Has Nothing To Do With The IB
Everyone should read Sammy Hagars book!
He came from nothing, payed his dues for years and years completely from ground up!
Inspiring!
Though an adult should never puke, I think I feel better now?
Hope I don't throw up in court.
Followed follow back?
By responding, sharing, asking questions...
yeah i kinda do with a hint of cry baby tears!
Your comfort zone is your biggest enemy in your life.
New blog post : Cardio Exercises That Help You Maximize Fat Loss
wish u would have said something earlier I could have helped u!
I don't like being that much of a procrastinator.
Having a bad day :
WhenSummerComes Im gonna tan like crazy !
Analyzing the future of CJ, in relation to this game.
It's rather incredible how good he's been, for reals.
any1 has good sites to upload student videos before posting it on their school page?
our site tends 2 blur all podcasts out.help.
sigh I hope you can go :/
Stoked for some playoff puck tonight
you would be amazing Amy Ohh wait you already are :
Don't confuse being 'soft' with seeing the other guy's point of view.
George Bush
yes sir
Well I certainly hope there's no relation!
I'm CAROL Ann McCracken!
:
The DIY Trunk Show would not be as successful if it weren't for the support of Ald.
Harry Osterman and the Edgewater Chamber of Commerce.
Today I learned crontabs generally live in /var/spool/cron/crontabs.
Very useful.
THAT SAYING FROM HIM AND IT STUCK.
ONE MOVIE AND I'LL ALWAYS REMEMBER THIS PHRASE.
HE IS A GENIUS.
HIS MESSAGE IS DIVINE.
VERY POWERFUL IN
So today I found out that my body fat is 10.
I'm so happy it went down but I still need 5 more to get to my goal.
motivation goal :D
Hustlin GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB?
COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
No me mientas / Do not lie to me
: for sure!
I'll talk to Katy.
Hopefully I'll see you then sounds good.
Keep me posted
Need chapstick but mom doesn't have time to doctorve me.
Lol k.
Bye.
Knuckle game like Cotto...
Hahaha its funny how porn movies have names like that to fool us into tuning into them lol
now you have hot cross buns in my head : Good to run into you earlier.
Booeys was so yummy.
Lawyer told me he want my money to be clean I said this dirty money the only thing you'll get from me
god really busy but good : ha
Good to hear, Mike.
Thanks
I found the traffic finally.
12 miles from my destination.
Brewers FTW.
Now the Pack is up.
Southwestern stew is simmering and waiting for the man to get home.
MCRChat Yeah!!!!!!
Im Here XD
Lalala, wish this kid would hurry up and get here.
I'm bored.
Job interview time fun haha
working, enjoying life and traveling soon
We need to hang soon, since we didn't get to last night.
xp
where are you PRINCE???
:D ,, he never on
today is not my day
four days later and you're still our favorite ;
I'm seriously very flattered!
Thank you.
This will be our entertainment tonight  reviewed Tues.
morning.
xo
I GOT A SONG WIT ONE OF THE BIGGEST ARTIST IN THE CITY.....RETWEET IF YOU WANNA BE FEATURED ALONGSIDE !!!!!!!!!
Californos will host a cast party for Fool's Fortune, a theatrical event of Byrd Productions featuring clowning and other circusfolk Friday
She really was the epitome of both, wasn't she?
And she spoke Portuguese :
Were 85 days into a 2 yr program here.
Were trying 2 get money out as quickly as we can.
not too quickly.
LASelects also won Pee Wee CAHA State title last weekend
Thank God
wow..you can't even speak in spanish right
My newest book, Analyzing Monsters  Family Cures The doctorw Peterson Saga has just been released in hard and soft cover.
9.50  E Reader
Last time I was in San Diego was with Macho Man for Slim Jim.
Times have changed...
So excited to be going with the MFF team!!
that thing where you can only write two sentences before you need to look away again.
what IS that thing?
Thanks, Maureen!
There's nothing better than homegrown blogs and recipes!
I have you bookmarked!
Looking at these podcast tracklists  80 of them are all the same songs.
No disrespect, but you housemusic dj's gotta dig!!!
I am not going to fall asleep to Tonight because I am not laying down, it's impossible to fall asleep wile standing up everyone knows that
Christelle was doing to much in the game lastnight lmao took her 5 min to turn around.
So my doctorft box had messages in it
lol idk why i thought this was so funny .
she was gettin it .
Jim Rohn: Happiness is not by chance, but by choice
April 6th Brewers V.
Cardinals at Miller Park...I'm ready for some payback
Agreed, an incredible piece.
I recall that match  was gutted about the injury but glad CK666 is back with us.
SF is scary
true so true!
hey Ariana!
Love you :
Gotye is way too packed.
No way getting to see him.
Thanks sweetie
I'm gonna let my hair grow
Emily where are you....
Coachella...
Where every girl is the quirky star of her own Indie film.
Ok cool, how is everything in your camp man, been too long..
Sloppy offense in the sense that guys seemed confused but they did get a lot of good shots, just missed.
Pierce's FG struggles...
I think you take all the blame Scott : Actually Sandoctor may be the culprit :
Are you saying you can't dance?
I don't care anymore.
We kept this going for awhile...
against all odds.TAKE A LOOK AT ME NOW!
When Linkin Park become becoming official band for NBA playoffs?
she really is gorgeous
Can't stop till I see my name on the blimp.
Share UR fun facts / ideas / riddles / jokes / whatever about masturbation.
Celebrate National Masturbation Month!
NMM  dont forget lube!
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Got the craziest fucking work out today..
i have a little ignorance but im really all about that intelligence
Ohh congrats!
I won cookies last TNI I did Love SM
Note to The Fray....it's always wise to tune your guitar before playing on national TV.
Good lord this is one of the worst renditions.
Just heard my sister interviewing my grandma, haven't heard her voice in so long.......love u and miss u so much grandma!
Rest in peace
they serving free Arnold Palmer in the basement of the Detroit Public Library right now real rap
What kind of tree fits in your hand?
The Silk Tie likes Johnny!
Dogs respond better when you have a tie on, thesilktie.com
Goodbye stacks of articles about plainware in S.
Arizona.
2morrow from 68p we feat: Jason Labbe, Jeff Michaels Band, and music business round table on unregularradio.com through CityWideBlackout
: JasonStatham was amazing.
But the action in the movie was so bloody charged  constant.
Even sushi dinner didn't help:
So enjoyed your visit.
Already looking forward to next time!
Safe travels!
i liked your video!!
nice job
Dan of the Pension Fund: Can't invest your way out of it, of that I'm certain.
What we have is a funding problem.
Gonna be a good day!
I just know it!
;
The remix of Countdown on 4: The Remix is like something from outer space mixed with love and unicorns mixed with BeyoncÃ©.
oh DM or text me reall quick got a question.
I'm just a high ass negro.
Me 
Give a man a gun  he can rob a bank, give a man a bank  he can rob the world..
women lie,men lie.
It takes more than just looks to get me hooked
You're talking about bleaching and tanning?
I am choosing to Love all of me.
Most Likely.
If we don't go to Sheets I'll be pissed.
Another 12 weeks complete for P90X.
Today I did the CoreSynergistics workout.
Screw shoulds!
Do what you love, do what you feel.
hi Michelle :
I'm going to marry a surfer.
they are always so
zebratweets  NICE!
RT : ...recommend voice recog for zebratweets  but looks like he's got it covered :
I know, I was like...
JORDAN!
Haha!
Just bought my Rockstar UPROAR tickets!
/ let's get em team!!
ALL TEENS!!
THIS SUNDAY THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!!
ITS GONNA BE CRAZY PACKED
I JUS SAW HIM ON DA DISNEY CHANNEL LMAO I AGREE WIT DA COMPARISON
good lord no!
how about Parti?
'Golden Voice' homeless man finds job, home after viral video success
he may need to retire and stick to Queen Latifah movies at this point...
I just can't think of him the same after that
haha.
, I was like laying on you!
Hahha.
We still pulling for the Jazz!!
How was your Thanksgiving?
I'm actually coming around to Anna Karkowska.
Aside from the vibrato, she's pretty good!
I like her
On our way to WITS!
Hope the Barrio truck is still outside.
Haters Aint Nothin To Do In Their Life.
But Hate.
Because We Got And You Dont.
Stop Stalking Move On With Your Hoe.
No problem!
I will have a Sara's burrito in hand and most likely serenade you with a Train top 40 hit...just like old times.
set for Siegfried?
Reggie Miller preaching the
hell yeah!
unable to make that doctorve but good luck!
What are your plans for Halloween?
Planning to trick or treat at Paradise Valley Mall?
Come by and say hi!
hello back
I hope so lol
I got accepted into NHS:
You interpreted my last tweet perfectly.
That's what happens when you hand your iPad to a two year old!
: beautiful day for a ride and a great picture too
me to but I'm gonna get a torta instead
I am the same way.
I may get very angry with people but I am not capable of hating either.
Excited to get put under tmister freakyfun ...if I don't wake up I leave my twitter account to
dude!
OBAMA IS THE MAN!
and upload a picture
Hiring a new voice/piano instructor today.
Very excited about the growth in our teacher and student numbers this school year.
I wish that when I wake up, you're there :/
Shuttle launch updates, rain  coffee, meetings  band practice...must be the beginning of a new week
kansas just needs to stick around.
You have to be ready to respond when threatened great point by Steve Kerr
aww that sucks luv!
What did u do?
330 followers!!
Yes!!!
Help me get 500.?!
anyone!!
really frustrated..
I had all afternoon free and wanted to start modifying a theme by  signed up, paid, and can't log in :
...
But one of the best ways to bring big ideas into reality.
No electrician position currently open.
But, here's a tip for you: Search Postings  Department 'Facilities Management Services'.
you're welcome!
Love their workouts :
Chilling with and
They say keep it 100 but I got no choice
If the culprit was really called Hot Stuff, inevitable that Donna Summer schtick will follow.
Did you know that staying in shape can help decrease your risk of periodontal disease?
Same here!
I have way too many movie lists as excel spreadsheets right now.
is my future hubby;
i like his whole cd especially piece
Watching Sharisse play video games.
People think it's rude when I smack my food..but that sandwich betta have MY MONEY!!
I need some more fun people to follow...
ROI is the wrong Q to ask in social media instead ask what you get in return
Anyone have ideas on projects connecting students to environmental issues?
Oh thanks!
She looks deep in thought.
RT: We will NEVER allow a few folks out their talking nonsense to detract us from the commitment to social justice
Me too.
Seriously I have such a thing for her all the way around.
RT : Truly you are a mighty guru!
The simplicity of the solution is too revelatory for mortality to handle!
Must stock up!
If people stop paying to see them that is the only way they will stop, sadly.
Closing in on 2000 followers!
Thanks everybody.
The terran starts by attacking with Marauders to put stress on his opponent and to scout him at the same time
they would not accept that I was educated as a historian and only saw me as an interpreter.
Like one can't be the other
Social media flip videos can be used in training, but you still need high quality audio, video and scripting.
leaving aside MLS, this is exactly what we do for researchers.
shouldn't KU med get creative to get phds to cure cancer?
Woman next to me remarks to me: You are ex.
of what was talking about, one who communes w/ distant others
Intuit Buys B2B Startup For Only 7x Revenues
LOL I will ask him tonight.
Practicing bass in one's BVDs is comfy indeed, but unfortunately this is not churchapproved attire.
Today was was pretty terrible, but it's ending well so, hopefully tomorrow will be better.
Guess what happens when a coworker calls out for a week with no repercussions?
Everyone starts calling out sick because, really, why not?
Long day at work?
Unwind at Fridays with 5 LITs.
Enjoy them with a side of halfpriced appetizers at the bar from 47pm!
Y'all best be reading my tweets from the next session!
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
Survey: which thumb do you use to hit the space bar and what's your dominant hand?
I'm a righty but space w/ my left thumb.
it had to be his twin then
I creidn when Harry Styles cried.
Great Friday afternoon tweet
You made my day.
Leslee Razgaitis, National Geographic Academedia conf GeorgetownCCT Founder of Discovery Channel pitched NatGeo first.
Had to go it alone
do video ma!!
Loved it!
What may seem like contradiction may b misunderstanding b/c you're looking  it through male privilege.
Not always, bt possble
I hope there's a point at which I can stop looking back in anguish at things I've previously written.
Rain forecast not looking good for Wind Down Wednesday with Ken Ford.
Still trying to decide.
Holy shit!
Champion liar mikedaisey my flight to London!
SometimesYouHaveTo Move On.....

yea !
then they quicc to yell that dead beat father or sum but they gotta understand when a nigga thru he Thru !
str88
Don't choot'em in the beak!
MiamiDade County Arts Budget Restored to 100!!!
Congratulations to all!
RIP to JoeAvezzano Had a great time playing at your club!
Sitting in the convention center waiting for exhibit hall to open.
With my mom.
is the craziest dude alive.
If you are not following him, you need to reevaluate your life decisions.
Telling your parents a guy friend is gay.
ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored winesolveseverything and ready to hit 500 followers milestone!
I know exactly how you feel...
Getting Ready for an Open Business Sample Party!!!
If you are in Colorado and Near Aurora get in on a day of tons of FREE SAMPLES!!!!
Alternative positions lmao..
I need some money
Have a great first day of filming, m'dears!
Yes!
Just let me know : RT : is home !
Yay we need a hang day !
So much catching up to do I missed her
Custodial engineer...well that's a new one!
As usual I just want to stay home and relax.
But my 90 students await.
he was wearing a tank top short shorts and moccasins or something
: President Obama Jokes Around at the WH Correspondents Dinner.
Ohh I get it, u meant, he was the joke!
I am amazed at how many US businesses get filthy RICH by creating/exploiting our bad habits  it's bananas!
FF and RT If you're liking what you've been seeing, then tell your friends and spread the word!
Hahaha my parents told my brother that he can't go to game stop so he ran outside and is now sitting on my deck by himself being emo lmao
Got a great workout in and swim
I need you're email addoctorss.
Have a solid lead for you.
DM me please.
just as bad as it gets.
All those years of thinking the matrix was something that meant something  bollocks!
damn tom brady
he thought.
no matter what the season.
The pine trees were green and erect all year round.
K meditated on the special
Karmas a BITCH!
So I'm officially done with Asencio.
Mk Duaa.
Ya lord said He will nt be ther for the ppl until the ppl are there for themselves.
1st steps are key, bt i kno u gt dis.
DidYouKnow 99 of all personal watercraft sold today are multipassenger vessels...info via
Over.
By a landslide.
Working on a new art style...
images coming ...Check out our new site...
become a friend on FB and our blog
were can i find them
I do get into March Madness though...,so that's something to look forward to.
seriously??
That girl sucks ass.
Like suckabagofdicks ass
thanks bud.
Good luck this season.
iUseToThink Sailor Moon was real.
Those characters was hot.
that's what I was thinkin
Design Tip: If a composition is good it only needs one color scheme.
If it is great, it is versatile  will work will all color schemes.
can u plez follow me :
I like to hold hands
Can my knee like...
fall off?
I mean, is that possible?
lol.
I like cloud based app idea.
Mobile to the extreme!
Mary  WOW thanks so much for the shoutout  SO KIND!
Need brainstorming help: which actors have had two movies open the same weekend?
Brooklyn Decker is the most recent example.
no problem:
Close game in Philly.
RigThingsAreComing!!!
gets nice applause.
Watching every moment of the doctorft until is picked.
Man machines really bring out the worst in people.
Dear Anyone over 50, you can reserve stuff before going to the machine.
hahahahaha i didn't even know you guys went to Paso!.
bffs jealous!
Nice pic from Devils Lake.
Are the spring wildflowers blooming in the Baraboo Hills now?
can't wait to see
anyone who likes nerdy webcomics should check these guys out.
I haven't seen their whole site yet but their webcomics are epic
I bought a house, and I've been decorating it.
Charlie Hunnam
SIGNSUASIDECHICK he only takes you out to eat in a different city
I freaking love you.
That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you.
site is on my professorle.
:
Oops...
Gotsta be more careful.
Sorry folks...
Continue.
Lauren talking to KittenMommy's going to her favorite store!
where?
Publix?
Laurencrazy coupon woman.
in heels.
1st, The Bobcats shoulda learned from Panthersnamed themselves Carolina but is Charlotte tryin 2 lose another NBA team?
It sure didn't hurt any.
Hey for your out of town followers which Broncos starter may lose his starting job according to JL?
Sittin here with kane...dyed my hair..it looks cool.
But somehow i still got it on myself!
damn.
this girls a fat liar.
your not THAT bad haha.
Boy this is lame.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Gonna tag PrayForMammo at the end of all my tweets so it will trend!
yes they sure were!
And now we are on our way to the circus...
John Davidoff says: 2012 Transformational Leadership Award will go to Nobel Laureate doctor Muhammad Yunus.
He has a mission!
GM still doctornk....smh about to start my day....
Thanks for retweeting to fund our idea to Teach Kids with autism  their siblings to swim !
did it every five minute during CC's bid in Tampa...
it's off 212 in clackamas it's so sweet..
When we get all rolln I'll take you out..
We allow you to align with up to 1,200 other professorssionals within your area all willing to promote YOU to everyone they know at SmartGuy.com
Thanks for the FF!
Ah, it's the virtual thought that counts!
where u at tonight kid
thats every night ;
we appreciate your feedback about the parking.
We're definitely working on future solutions to accomodate the weekend crowds.
Football is a violent game, and the NFL has always had trouble finding the line between how much violence is too much.
Bitch I'm MC hammer..
I'm about cream BOSS!
RT : NY STATE OF MIND...
LET'S GET CREAM !!!!
well aren't you just so cool.
In retrospect, the most improbable thing about GYMKATA is that it wasn't by GolanGlobus.
By all rights, it should have been a Cannon Film.
You know a guy's good when it's news that he gets out MT : Orioles have retired Josh Hamilton.
WeiYin Chen strikes him out.
i would be tweeting the same thing about any player I knew who sold out.
I say it about Cole Hammel and many others
All i ever wanted was a bitch i could relate with and make money with
and your supposed to be the tough one of the group?
Did Jon hack your account?
My mom and I were dancing next to the reflecting pool...just like forrest gump!
thanks, have a great weekend.
So beautiful, and dancin away with my heart.
oh, hush your face!
I'll never date again.
First time taking the bus in like 300 years !!
Leonie, you are absolutely heroic.
RT : Return on Learning is way more important than .
Spending on LD should be cost of doing business
Baby idk how long I can wait .
I have to a lot of work and I feel lazy !
Last day working at the psych office and the last thing I need to do to get a masters!
Got to see The Hunger Games yesterday...and all I will say is that it will not disappoint!!
Yea.
what a shitstorm
As put it about easel.ly: That number too small?
Make the circle larger.
no!
Goodmorning everyone!
It's going to be a wonderful day!
awww...
we are cute, huh?
Aren't you in a movie Hannah?
don't be that jerk tweeting during the movie.
I failed bye
What are the three words that ruin a man's ego?
Is it in?
love you too!
Why are you not against MONSANTO ?
Why the silence?
your so very welcome, thank you in return!
Home computer is retarded
On the way to an exclusive Gala at Tyler Perry studios to see Obama and CeeLo.
Not looking forward to the traffic!
I am very grateful!
It's like wicked dark down there.
You can't see a thing
Stocks end lower on Europe problems and JPMorgan loss.
Dow doctorps 126 points.
Nasdaq and SP lose more than 1
My TV is mounted on my wall!!
Yeaya!
Just finished a perfect run...solved a client's problem, exercised for the day and I was away from my laptop for an hour!
RIP my friend.
I'll never forget partying with you back in 1985 in Seattle.
MCA Adam Yauch Beastie Boys
and USA loves YOU!!!
yes, yes it is.
Today's games have been madness worthy!
RT : Wow this B1G Championship game is intense.
Ax looking like a closer against Castro.
Coaching done: this day has been hectic
The successful realization of a goal..., always starts...
with a doctoram.
Be a doctoramer!
doctoram BIG!
Irish psychic gypsy pointed at the sky  told me to let go of all the ridiculousness a grand future is ahead
Yes, despite all the neighsayers.
If you feeling the songs by R'Chive please retweet!!!
Workshop with Mitch Altman now till 3pm and Node Six F'ing Months Kegger tonight from 710.
It's all happening!!
Had a radio interview this morning with Baron Ron Herron at AM 1290 KZSB and discussed Lost Witness, the new released Niki Alexander mystery
depends on your style preference but if you like IPAs start there!
.
thank you for the follow
Up...sick : its even worse..ugh.!
going back to sleep.
hang in there girl!
You got this!!!
: it may seem like a lot of work now but it will pay off in the end.
Miss you!
Where is that place at?
Caps may win this game 41 if things dont change for NYR.
Getting outplayed right now.
You have a better chance to hit a home run .the more times you go to bat
Love what you do.
Believe in your instincts.
And you'd better be able to pick yourself up and brush yourself off every day.
congrats Deb that is awesome!
Topics?
If u cnt handle my worst u ain't gettin my best
Good luck this week w/ SKC!!
what a great night, thanks to all who came and supported!
both gigs were a great time.
Voting in the ALAelection for the first time..
Congratulations!
Where will your poems appear?
Yu turned in our book
You definitely did!
She's looking at schools over her spring break.
Haha.
Waiting in anticipation for this Hoodie and Wax concert today...ready ??
When you've hated someone for so long you forget why you hated them in the first place.
Squeeeee!!!
Back.
That is awesome.
I hope there are many sightings of it at the cons.
needs to be next on your bucketlist.
NYC is one of the most amazing cities in the world!
I've got more frustration than a horny guy outside a convent.
You better hope your baby is rich because no one's gonna marry that thing based on looks!
Keep it going :D 18 bases loaded NO OUTS!
First a picture with Snoop Dogg and then Bill Hader walks by just to say hello!!
Whether I get in or not, I'm having a good night!!
Love our glass show?
See more at the as they run the Indiana Glass Arts Alliance 50 Year Celebration Show!
College Football HOF inductee R.C.
Slocum began his coaching career at Lake Charles HS in Louisiana in 1968.
Q.
What's the definition of a quarter tone?
A.
A bagpiper tuning his doctornes.
Amateur Contest Registration HAS BEGUN!
SHOW!
Aren't we overdue for an epic bash at your place???
leatherdactyl?
RT Time for a change, twitter name change...
any suggestions?
thats why I saw you!
Had a freaky nightmare that involved a clown:
Hybrid in/out sales.
Min travel, unless necessary.
Lots of independence.
Bring ur list  contacts, we'll provide add'l.
lol, come back!
you're a native
Overnight thunderstorms: are you a fan?
Why can't women put on mascara with their mouth closed?
cabs are pretty easy too
You have a big game today, right?
Good luck!
Let us know how it goes.
BTW, weather in the Midwest is beautiful right now.
if i was one of the first 100 people at chick fila today, this would been me  give me a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries for free!
:
NEW OBSESSION: Jack  Julian beer cocktail at Freakin' deelish.
Hard cider  elderflower liquer, what could be better?
MetGala tweets sans photos are the equivalent to imageless Craigslist ads you're killing me, people.
Show me the fashion!
Stress plus aggravation plus lies exhaustion .
is going to be at SXSW too!
So jealous of all you people having fun without me!!!
The Dallas Cowboys select Morris Claiborne.
And the rafters echo with Cowboys suck.
Guess what else sucks, haters?
We got him.
You didn't.
Volunteers needed to help w/ simple task for TRC from 4  7 today sticking stickers on a mailing.
Let me know if you can help!
But luckily my roommate got me 10:00 Cause I probably would have missed this one to.
As hillbillies age, they're called hillwilliams
and You cant Beat Anything That's Clinically Proven
White girls always wanna be matching with the people they go to the mall with..
Saturday probably just getting to stadium early.
Let me know where you will be though!
Also a 99 chance that person works for Microsoft.
One who gives you less than what he has to give is, one, telling you what he thinks of you, and two, telling you what he thinks of himself.
TATweeters Anonymous

Morning'!!!
Have a happy friday!
Ugh I hate feeling like this.
I'm so thankful but need to do this for me.
Ugh I have a lotta things on my mind WTF man I need to laugh Help
Whenever you smile, I smile 
Making a set of decals for a charity event  I'm doing spy graphics for a hideout  cool project  good cause...and fun
Jewish Leader Faces Questions Over Sarkozy Column
Willow's back home and resting from getting spayed.
Haven't seen her this out of it since we've had her.
So far, so good.
No licking...
yet.
rock on
Nelly marrying Ashanti???
Fa real???
U think its gonna last?
CEO pitches a bright future for Electrolux  Charlotte Observer
Just came back form seeing my nephew!
:
Anthony Bourdain?
The cook/tv show host?
What's the best episode?
I've only seen one.
hi im alexpac5077 sister and
Just learned that will play at Petco in June.
I'm beyond excited!
No matter who wins I win.
you still doing the package deals found in the MaditoryBusiness magazine?
Got a mosquito bite last night.
Bet that little guy is hungover today.
Keep an eye on that little 10, he's pretty good.
Loving idol in Vegas.
This show kills

Welcome AJ!
I would like to visit your restaurant sometime!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
thabks for the info!
I really wish I would not have used North Korean fortunate cookies for this dinner party.
People are leaving pissed off.
You're still using the same secret word right?
:p
How was dinner the other night?
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
congrats on your productiveness and your son in the honor society!
Aw, even Obama has to laugh at his own jokes!
BtoBSocialMedia: 91 of online U.S.
adults access social media in a typical month  Experian Simmons
it's 717 W Olympic Blvd.
Just call when you get there and we will meet ya outside!
i seen her one time wit u thats why i said hit me
Let us know if you have any questions.
Live chat until 4pm ET today.
Oh, our email newsletter with a new coupon is set for tomorrow, too!
It's not a real playoff game until the refs are reaching down someone's pants.
I have a humble suggestion: Getting them to make their materials more readable.
They're full of jargon and acronyms.
Stayed up late watching your Btv show.
Got maybe 5hrs of sleep  now I'm at work kinds tired.
I regret nothing!
lol
congrats, we're about to hit chicago soon.
How was traffic?
I'll buy a few months as those of the above
great stay this week...thanks for fitting me in!
so much,,writing with couple different people...your see soon enough:
WSJ article headlined BUILDING BETTER MEMORIES  realization of We Can Remember It for You Wholesale by Philip K.
Dick?
dearyoungself when you see the first red flag..
turn around and walk away.
do you feel accomplished with your life?
Making me look up pictures of deers?
Harvard I see..
probably just in San Diego.
I think no one ever bothered to look there bc it was too obvious :
yes!
30 was horrible.
Rather had cena
The only option is to make it a gourmet mozzarella online cheese shop.
March is National Collision Awareness Month, so remember to keep you eyes on the road and not your phone!
How many times in the past month have you heard someone say I never watch Hockey, but.........
lol is about the only guy who forreal knows my taste in music.
man shoutout to my doctoradhead though!!
:
trying to figure out this twitter thing....
the conversation of Jimmy Ray came up on twitter today.
Just wanted YOU to know.
Poised Creation is building its network of radio station and music distribution companies!
A2 A doctoram you feel in inner urging to do  would do for free.
A fantasy you pursue ONLY to obtain money or fame.
I could have stayed at my own store for all of this
We will be having a team representing Morsekode at BowlORama tomorrow, its time for bowling, doctornks, and good friends.
Stern claims deal was for the greater good.
He cited those who work at the stadiums and the local business.
We aren't stupid
Oh and to all those who waited til the last minute....your mom prepared for u for 9 months!
Shame on you
hey prince a girl name joyce like your hair ,style  tell roc wat his number .....mine is 12067476849 please
I'm going to implode!
so we won't have to live without him3
Yes!
She slept over my house twice last week,  omg you'll piss when I tell you this story...I'll text you right now!
God bless America and God bless our troops!
Same SWA flight w/ Feeling 1st class.
I'm the one that sent the would you rather book.
Glad to see you two using them in the vlogs!
Good morning all..
TGIF!!!
Thanks for sponsoring smbmad and to for presenting.
My dad loved the place.
Sadly he passed away this past November.
They're like family to us there at Eddie Martini's.
u aint gotta lie to be down!!!
Ok so tell me if tamatos are fruit..then y is there a tamato veggie tale THATS LYING TO KIDS
Wow, you're speedy!
:
So, what's the deal with Japan?
My oldest is getting reports of Human/Women's rights being repealed there.
is our featured charity for September.
Follow them on
my god flipboard is like crack!
Somebody got to do it
Thanks now im dancing at my desk like a weirdo!!SMH
Hey all you can follow The SINGLE CHEF on Facebook.
All new show Monday the 24th.
6pm pacific.
Peace!
qTweeter is awesome!
The Times We Were Happy Together Are Worth The Times I Cry Alone!
Thanx, love!
You don't need anything to do so except YOURSELF and YOUR TOTALITY!
INSPIRE YOUR SELF!
;
Sometimes I test your trust.
Few things more boring than the last minute of an NBA game.
Playoffs no less
posting on twitter
Like really OKC is a really good team.
love your coverage!
Are you hiring?
I cover local govt, civic news.
Thanks so much!
Listenin to this New B.O.B Album.....Sounds Good Strange Clouds
It is notis there a god party?
Today is the last day of class work for my PhD, and the last day of the last J202 lab I'll teach.
niggas touring w/ Wayne during the summer,
Ah  got my shapefile loaded  was using System for encoding, needed to be using UTF8
Though actually, those don't bother me as much as the ones that just don't addoctorss me at all.
I mean really.
K then.
i can do that too.
it's easy to remember interpreted by seth macfarlane is pretty romantic, if you're in this mood : hahaa
I'll need more lessons from before I try anything that advanced.
forget what they say about your doctorss, u look good, your are amazing at what u do, bless.
I can't make it tonight, unfortunately.
Have a great event!
TY for the website Kudos...
prompted me to look at yours...
We may definitely need to talk in the near future :
This girl at Jack hooked me up.
I think she likes me ;
Yes I saw that tweet by you earlier.
We expected that.
I wish someone would be with me tomorrow at the doctor!
:
Wow the fact that our paths crossed is amazing we were just developing a plan to form a bridge of consciousness!
You don't have to give the other person half your shit that way.
; what's wrong ?
i only creep on rich girls cause i want them to buy me doctorgs.
that makes me cool right?
Have you seen this sweet website?
www.Nashvillehalloweenguide.com make your Halloween plans in Nashville early
TIME Magazine on why Apple is winning: Innovation, opportunity and execution
me too3
Rofl  he does too, that's the fun part.
But I wouldn't have it any other way!
3
Welearned afterward how it happened
aw dang...oh well I guess I'll save my money
That New Emanuel nd Phillip Hudson Get Yo Kids Funny Az Hell.
Them Crazy MF Never Lied Tho!
Mike, is there an audio clip of the interview available?
Reasons I'm still in school: It's the law, friends, and thats about it.
Um Mel?
It's about the crazy pills.
I really want to put him and Charlie Sheen in a room and roll tape.
That's reality TV at its finest.
Offered a role in a film.
A lot still has to happen to get this up and running though.
Non the lessexcited.
I'm looking for a nosugaradded strawberry jam recipe??
Does such a thing exist?
I love my boyfriend but sometimes he just gets to me in a bad way
Decline of Memphis airport area raises alarms, along with bold proposals for its redevelopment
Back to work after a long weekend.
RufusKing: Rev.
fought to protect money from unlawful taxation, in the proposed Revolution, money  freedom are at risk.
...A: d All of the above
baby you summa time fine.
;
sorry, that should have said 'omg'.
C'Mon autocorrect, it's in the OED!
Free promotion ?
need more followers?
try the site on my professorle.
By the way.
do you follow4follow?
lets'!
Virtual machines...
It sucks.
I know.
But those screenscraper apps don't really work that well.
definitely not, there keeping everybody connected and interested
I love organic veggies!
Wish I had my own garden countryliving nice!
:
Doc rivers has the under 2night...dude's killing me
I'm glad my neighbor decides to mow his grass at 10 o'clock at night.
which one did you finish??
I am in need of a new book too....
Should you focus on cutting costs or increasing sales to reach breakeven?
Thank you!
Terry O'Banion  longtime student success agenda morphed into completion agenda with clearer goals, access to data
:  does that mean you used too much fire sauce at taco bell?
good luck guys ..
be safe and enjoy each moment of your life ..
i love you all Team 3 
Watching environment is everything.
Dark quiet room adds a LOT ambiance for the flick.
Beware of slow start, however.
Let's see if I can tune into the Beachbody coach call without being interrupted at work.
3rd way I will inspire my burned out kid?
Repeat family motto until he believes it: doctoram Big, doctoram without Barriers and Get it Done!!!
Hell naw, Chandler push Lebron.
Locus Lil body ass ran into a brick wall.
Tell dude to get his weight up
Terps pulled out the huge W tonight in Bethlehem.
Hopkins next in Annapolis Saturday
i missed the original loldates.
bring it back.
I am not smart enough to understand the replace Justin Beiber songs with lemons.
Can someone explain?
you'd be doctornk already
Nope.
You still have the ability to go back into the Kindle Launcher for that stuff.
No kidding.
I've read the recap tweets three times.
Each time is more enjoyable than the last.
Bravo!
Night everyone.
Love you.
xx A
With our strategy, marketing, and business consulting, your business will benefit from funds and conceptvalidation:...
Hell when u got to masturbate then go right ahead..: : : :
One night I came home.
I figured, let my wife come on.
I'll play it cool.
Let her make the first move.
She went to Florida.
UFC: Gustafsson vs.
Silva is on right now live on Fuel TV
your tweets about mister Feuzeu are perfect
Ha!
They better not!
Please stop reading if you can't pronounce clergyman just don't
Who yep I just might have to get back on the imports
Sorry  got caught up at work and missed the last 70 messages lol.
Lannan will rebound.
Wang is always hurt.
Love it!
Enjoy the quiet time
Definitely!
We should meet at one of the bars down here.
Working on a bit of character animation tonight.
when r u getting into town?
I need large amounts of alcohol and several friends to share it with.
Josh Hamilton can kiss my white ass.
Singlehandedly destrying me in fantasy baseball this week.
9 fucking homeruns?!
'Roid test time I say!
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.
Ugh been sick all week.
The only thing worse is being sick all week and working the whole time.
RT : Hardcover books go mobile  check out
George Washington totally should have grown a beard!
work shift
also EVIDENCE of kids ENJOYING play.
I do not understand why u seem to be playing the contrary character here.
Wow.
Thanks Kev....
I know you got my back..
So to speak.
then act like it please!
I dont think any of my followers knows italian or french :/
RT : 15 min til isedchat Topic: What changes have you made that are a result of soc media involvement/being connected?
9pmEST

I any you awesome ladies a FB add request.
Unfortunately from iPhone couldn't add message.
Good morning
Don't know if it'll be a love or anti love crowd at vintage tonight...
Circle podcast from 2008 with and DJ Feva seriously making my Friday amazing right now.
Finger prints are overrated...
Yay!
See you there.
:
don't cus at me and u only fucked wit me 1 day after that u acted different
Haha you can do it!
That patience is key!
You can't make em do it hahaha
Valentine's day is going to be great this year.
:
If you can't find it, the data doesn't exist.
I have 4 sound devices in lucid, all working well, actually.
:
Hockey OT, Knicks choke...and MARIANO!!!
NO!!!
THE CLOSER!!!
today no school i can't on9 24 hours WOOOOHOOO
hmu with the info
Who's in heaven
I can think of a 2 billion more things to spend 2 billion dollars on than the DODGERS!
Actually I've only ever been for doctornks  snacks but I hear great things!
Their chef's table in the herb garden looks ridic!
How about, MY mother just joined Twitter.
She's following  but not me.
I'm her kid!
800 Degrees line is absurd :
Ayyoo FuckThis Are We Datin ?
Are We Fuckin ?
Are We Bestfriends ?
Are We Sum'n ?
In Between That ?
I Wish We Neva Fucked And I Mean That !
Still lusting after American painter WaltonFord's sartorial collab with Maia Normam.
Now I hear about Kehnide Wiley and Riccardo Tisci...
Trader Joe's green chile tamales.
Amazing.
ppl commenting on DeadWeatherCHILL.
If it was that whack, write yr own rev and get a major media outlet to publish it
welcome to twitter land.
looks like you got the hang of it.
what you been up to?
donde te has perdido?
I was cool with going 45mph.
I wasn't...
I wasn't rushing or anything.
Haha
see u at Sonic!
swag.
Lol
I got maydayparade on repeat.
Semantic Arts wishes you a Happy New Year!
Stay safe tonight.
Thanks!
Glad you found it interesting and thanks for coming out
Anyone using Viddy for iPhone?
Like Instagram for video.
I like it, but had battery issues.
Just curious about you.
That sounds worse!
stop by on the border on the northside!
right outside Castleton Square Mall.
After this season, methinks it would be wise of the Blazers to refrain from putting any player pics on that grain silo.
So Im assuming youre saying its safe to watch the trailer?
I need someone I can trust on matters of epic Superhero movie teasers.
luuv your song 4 letter word : its a really spaecial song:
Coming to school fucked up
M ice cream for lunch.
The awards we get for making honors even though I made High Honors lol
The language inside my head today?
Is not appropriate for the Childoctorn's Room.
Yes indeed brotha!
RT : Happy St.
Patrick's day.
ohh then I doubt I was one of them haha but congrats!
x
Just took a shot.
:D
i dont tweet in science!
LOL
personally offended by the the book that gave me a paper cut, my Kindle would never do something like that to me.
I used to have over 3000 on my ipod but you know ran out of space.
You're wayy too into yourself.
If I weren't so old, I'd marry youMUAH!
I've been pretty good, actually I take that back I am ready to go back to North Carolina.
Lucky ass!
I'll be there in 58 days!
thank you so much for listing me.
love your site btw.
I hate taking my make up off every night..
just knowing that I'll have to reapply everything just as perfectly in a few hours
Thanks for retweeting
: : what's your hourly rate for a screw?
RNCmafia..
hahaha i think the donkey named dominic :3 hahahaha can you please?!
Sang In Christ Alone in church 2day.
Amazing lyrics.
Perfect for Easter Sunday.
It's Sunday Funday at The Tavern!!
Come finish your weekend off with a delicious brunch and 12 endless mimosas!!
We'll see you here!
;
Might want to take a gander at the comments to that story.
You need a moderator.
Yes you can say that, but I don't think any Black Americans would identify themselves with Bluegrass in any way.
LOL.
Are we there yet?!
Liam never texted me back
CPS FieldConnect Mobile released, on job sites!
Cross platform functionality: iOS phone/tablet, Andoid phone/tablet, Windows, Blackberry too
The wind is unbelievable!!
My dog is on high alert with all the crazy sounds it's causing!!
Game 7 on Thursday if the Panthers don't win in going to flip out on them...
I spent 20 minutes biking.
384 calories burned.
Check out the Ch10 Great TV Auction's Daily Board for one of our Veh Wrap pkg's.
Bid up until 9:30 tonight!
I love that u love food..as if I needed more reasons to adore u!!
I look crazy in all them!
Late night texting XD
Nashville Association of Sales professorssionals here I come!
We're going to break it down strong today!!
Because I'm force to beat u up now
Now that's AWESOME !!!
'Nothing Inside' has finally been released!!!!
2 hour workout kicked my ass about to pass out on the floor LITERALLY!
YouNeedToShutUp if u say everythings gay
loveyoumore omg!!
miss you already 
you may say these nice things to me but intill i see you i wont believe it
you too sista!!

the moment; therefore, doing straight videos with editing and stuff would be a bit too much right now.
ah!
nice!
I was JUST thinking I need to get there for a game!
: you know it!
I have been working on it lol I think I'm getting better lol!
i can never do these extra credit online classes.
i get too distracted.
Have you heard our big news?
doctor Francine Feinberg will be retiring after 29 years as Executive Director, effective Aug 31 ow.ly/8EHRR
Just hit you back.
is for the college student.
3.2 million uniques per month
I'm down for sure let's get to it
Tweeting a home birth  TMI.
We leave for Omaha this morning.
Kickoff tomorrow is at 5pm Las Vegas time
looking forward to hearing from you!
9145330333.
Have a wonderful weekend.
black hair, blond underneath, Dick sucking lips dirty street rat lookin bitch that got eyes popping outta her head
Oh i just cant wait to be a king lol i love this movie
Give it time and it will come together
trivia tonight??
: tweet tweet welcome to twitta hahaah hush, I had it for a while...
Just forgot my username
I really hope you're reading this presser all wrong.
You have me ready to off myself.
conference Semis when was with Toronto in 01.
I believe he was with the Nets in 03 in the Finals..
I don't really...

: The harder you work at what you Love the easier it gets.
crowd over 700 signed up!
Good morning!!!
Time to get movin!!!
Lil'Wegi In The Building Looking  The Compound That Sh Is Crazy.
At The End Of The Day I'm Rich And U Not.
Now laugh It Off.......
That was the alltime train dodge!
Too cool!
Vern, you were so scared you looked like that fat guy, Abbott Costello, when he saw the mummy.
'Payphone' music video is out!
on new yrs eve broo.
Idkk..
Someone stole 85 outta my fuckin wallet !
Exausted , but can't sleep what an awesome combination!!
shiiz .
Literally holding my eyelids up.
I'm not wearing underwear
Me  My Bitch is still a great song.
Tho my wife and I are more of an All I Need couple
: Smoking makes blood more likely to clot  damages blood vessels to brain, which can lead to stroke.
HBPchat
I was just told good news about congrats!
Local tv crew suck lazy workers
Legislative Day in Sacramento  fun, exciting, informative.
Making moves!
tomisterow i want to take my grandma and my mom to dinner 3
Randy Moss is a niner!
that sounds like a good plan to me .......
if she doesnt ill take whatever u dont want : or buy it :
Dear Hawaii, Someday you and I will meet.
Weird to think that Wisc has saved over 1B with Act 10 while a stadium that costs almost 1B will be built across the Mississippi River.
I can't wait for the day to read a headline that says women escapes captainre by running backwards
when do we try it?
Email from university reminded me many students want Good Friday off.
Wasn't planning on it, but Good Friday falls on my birthday.
Thanks to our new followers last week:
Too many roads but All Roads Lead to ONE DESTINATION
Hello everyone!
Ain't called a female a bitch in a long time..
I'm proud of myself..
Ppl bashing hell if you don't like BlackBerry take that azz to or or find a new hobby give them time BB10 looks HOT!
awwee please tell me you have a big dog and not a tiny one :
I no someone already told me and I'm so sorry
Literally RUNNING around my apartment to get this cleaning and packing done in time.
I am SO happy that I now have Flipboard on my Kindle Fire.
It's the little things in life...
Amen.: I need to put myself first for once.
If you really want to be my friend, meet me half way.
I'm done going out of my way.
Are you psyched for tomorrow or what?
I'm just about to sit down at the piano and go over things again.
Prepping away!
Good morning.
Giving God thanks and praise for another day.
What was your BestMemoryof2011 and what was your WorstMemoryof2011 ?
haha yeah I just put up one:
Chillen at the oasis at lake travis.
can't wait to see u in action man!
Q;Hey girl how old r u A;15
PANDA:1.
A black and white bear native to China.
Eats shoots and leaves.
they will figure something out in the end
Monsters are human!
don't know how you used 'dunno'
same here!
Our computer department bought itself fancy new Bose speakers for one of our machines.
Everything sounds SO GOOD now.
6ft tall huh?
Well you're like a tall sexy mountain that i want to climb just cause it's there ; Mount Kilimanjaro
Yes I have a preferred cand in the primary.
Does not mean if they don't win the nom that I'm voting for O.
Not real hard to understand.
I will get more followers than u..
Any of my followers out there pls help me get more.
:
lol you must hangout with italians
lifestinks when you got bills to pay.
and i already spent over 100 on merch combined.
I'm still creeped out by how much more closely fiction follows reality than the news
Congratulations!
That's an incredible honor to go along with your baseball accomplishments.
yeah, as a general sentiment and in reference to that...
its so disorganized in PDX and really just laughable.
I think with the way the planets were created there is no way there aren't aliens, It's just unlikely they can travel here!
What I wouldn't give for 's grilled cheese w/avocado.
Also: My tee gets lots of love in D.C.
what a lame snow storm
RT : Beer flight Two Oktoberfests and a New Belgium Hoptober.
yum
twitter: radio of type
I missed you, Max Payne.
: Getting some food togo from Du's Grill : If you've never been here than you're missing out!
I heard North Shore talking about it saying Extrication was needed.
Guess I missed the update while locked on Sheriff
Murphy's of DC is a Grand Irish Pub located in the heart of Woodley Park, just steps from the Woodley Park Metro.
you've never been to the Blue Mts in Jamaica, have you?
I'll be scoping out PR this Christmas, too.
He would be an amazing Chrestomanci!
Brilliant.
Someone needs to make that movie.
The first 3 people to tweet about us with shoplocal will get 100 points into their account!
You have to be a LocalBonus member first :
do you want to meet somewhere tomorrow morning so we can trade jerseys??
Key hunting at the Ca d'Zan.
Can't wait for Jersey this weekend!
Reconstructed a centerpiece this weekend after it collapsed
yea man we mos def have to something together soon, let try to work on soon
lucky : I got carried away and read them all over the weekend.
Once I did that...everything changed and clarity has a new sparkle!
Good luck in the contest!
Did you like our video?
8th Phys Sci students starting Element Quests...know any great sites for info on Elements?
I had that privilege.
A mighty man with mighty eye wrinkles.
np 'Ella elle l'a' Kate Ryan
Counting the minutes.
Bad weather moving in.
Don't leave me internet!
Got a withered 6k going to 300 bb on dinner break.
Haven't gotten anything going.
My boy is CL woth 80k.tunica1000
thanks for the response!
I'm a huge fan!
That would of been cool!
Was on vaca do couldn't watch last ep yet!
Out to lunch with the birthday girl 
hey yo!
It'd be nice if you'd answer your phone :
:o Thanks Lizzie.
You da best!
We're taking over on 7/16, I'll continue my other pursuits too, including my full time job, I just won't sleep much LOL
What can be done about repeat doctornk doctorvers in Wisconsin?
Tweet to let us know and see your tweets live on the air
is that Obama?
Hahaha
do your tweets ever not make sense to you?
That figures.
Don't miss these awesome companies!
Hey Brotha It's Josh from HURT.
This is my new band Dive Bar Stickup.
Hope you're well.
Miss your vino...
The longer that I wait the more selfish that I get...
First time I have started homework before 10 .
.
.
really?
Me too!
Next time why don't we call each other?
Can't believe I'm going to be missing the Indy 500.
devastating.
Cool : well we can go out to eat
Good thing we put up our screen windows yesterday so i can open up all the windows and blast my music summer :
ughh.
i don't think i'm going to make it patty
I'm getting lazy fingers from tweeting ...
Anyone else?
:
me too
trial by force doesn't work?
LOL : Q4 MAKE people try new ideas  just kidding!
lrnchat
Is Fuck City currently signing bands ?
...
we are looking for a label to release our new album ..
thanks
u would think I live all around Jews and cant find a single one I would actually like lol
doctorSS WARM!
: Just arrived in Milwaukee...Team Kuehlbasa is united and ready!!
Painted a fence so I was Mexican today.
Well only half cause I was wearing toms and af
Well, Good Morning Bill!!
:
would love to chat more about that sometime and compare prices!
thank you :
ya!
Its a really cool place!
The awkward moment when your boyfriend finds out you have an alien girlfriend haha good times with my bffb 3
Yum!
chocolate!
lmao I am at home, I have work at 7.
Haha maybe another time.
can't stand a groupiehoe.
I don't take from dead people.
unlock the badge to get 20 off the check in LaGrange!
It's free  Fun!
mobile deal  m.kupoz.com/backalleyburger
i'm a trending topic on twitter!
GOOD MORNING.
in 3rd period ..
have a great day everyone : Ritchelle3
MuseumNext is on my wish list too!
I used to be scared of uncertainty; now I get a high out of it.
Jensen Ackles
Ya Boy performing soon!!!
Why are you not here???
Kress baby!
Valeries List!
Everything you are is what I need in my life
Every time I attempt to join something online I get stuck at the part where I have to create a username.
It's too much pressure.
I love/hate sundays because on one hand I don't get to see any of my friends but on the other hand I don't have to see any of my friends 3
not in bed attitude: Im tired i wanna sleep!: In bed attitude: ahh i dont wanna sleep!!.
Gets on Twitter.
Just beware the cpc limit is 1 : Google gives grants for AdWords to 501c3 nonprofessorts for up to 15k.
Take advantage!
Killed my old ego of mshellsf and have become craftyLib
I should devote more time to Twitter
Most of these JiuJitsu and MMA guys that can really beat the shit out of you are some of the nicest dudes you'll ever meet.
is it real sushi or slime?
SXSW finds: doctorskill hotel is a classy cowboy space to meet with Industry professorssionals.
Peace to all my fam whats good!!!
Conducting marketing research...web designing up next...
looking for motivation...life as a black web designer;
My 16yo's building a homemade Moog synth  prepping for a gig at BB King's.
My 14yo just got nominated for AllStars.
:
i look like '95 again today
don't forget beer and bacon at tonight!
I could see the Dean's mic
captainin's Mojo  captainin Morgan Spiced Rum, Pureed Peaches, Mint, Lime, Soda Water
Live life to the fullest
Oh hey, shirtless man running past my house.
How you doin'?
My Love Won't Answer Me :'
how u doin
Ok, a woman was arrested in philly with 29 dead cats in her freezer.....what is the world coming to?
Yeah Game 2 is Monday
I realized I just ate a yogurt that expired on APRIL 5th..and this is MAY...right?...it tasted fine..
lol
we are trying to become the brain dead zombies we love to watch.
nice to meet you too!
:
I gotta do better...KickingThemLames out my circle
Go to bed.
Congrats to Alex and Matt W on getting solos in our crazy dance club song!
/te
Whoa.
Just had my first taste of a cupcake from Crumbs.
When next you see me, I will be double my current weight.
until it comes out the other end
I'll take your UK chocolate raise you microbreweries, coffee, berries,  sunlight :
That is the original German pronunciation
I don't know how anyone can get composing done without one.
We should go halfsies on one!
I really need a housewife.
maybe he should follow no radio policy
awesome workout with today.
Thanks to the 4:30 class for being so welcoming!
that's why we love you 
i wanted to retweet this but i couldn't :/ ughh i feel you on that girl
Creighton: Next Generation SCORM: based off activity streams, like those used by social media apps
I see the AL East and see redsox and yankees at the bottom and can't help wonder if this is the beginning of the guard changing
The Deli Magazine links to bands and voting polls to get traffic for ad space.
That's not a contribution to music culture, it's spam.
I worked on A really great experience  eyeopening to see the potential of crowdsourcing.
RT  The Jaguars play the Falcons tonight here in Jacksonville, and you can listen right here on WOKV; will you be at the g...
awesome!
My wife is going to love these!
right back at you!
So proud to have you at , !
not at all
OMG i thought it was 12..its 1:40 i have to go to bed
thank you's, and to see all of the new pics of them in the booklet.
It was a fun day I'll always remember.
Keep users happy and customers follow; grow your user base and your customer base grows as well.
Yay!
Spring break :
Austin!
Whats the fanmail adoctorss?:
WE GOT SAVED!!!!
I don't use RSS either, I use Google alerts, flipboard on my iPad or go directly to the site I want info from.
I am being positive only when people mess up my food order I act out.
They forgot my avocado and my tortilla.
Que Vida tengo!
:
desktop is moving wayy to slow!.
relatively close game.
I'm thinking home crowd was the difference maker.
See you in the playoffs.
:
Why the f isn't my blacklisted app working???
How could I not?
do you think prices will stay at this level for a few more years?
thank you for FF friends!
much appreciated :
Roy Williams left Kansas on probation.
LOL
I guess that was sort of the Memento version of the day.
Sans Joey Pants.
Now...
Where's the gin?
The Queen prefers a king sized bed.
Off with your head.

school my head hurts a lil
Found my phone case
Yup, down on the main floor this time.
Enjoy!
My pleasure :
WHERE IS THIS BUS??
No excuse !
There's no traffic!
i love to hit it backwards call it piglatin
Getting ready for some Steinshouer challenge workout time
Answering emails on a Sunday is much more pleasant in a coffee shop, watching kids, yogis, couples, wander down mt pleasant street.
I can use all ur problems even huge 1s 2 train u in trusting Me.
Let Me use My creativity 2 weave ur choices in2 sumthing beautiful.
God
you could write a book with that title
Thanks!
RT : Congratulations to and the Boston Pops on their concert in Kentucky!
Can't wait Holiday Pops!
Almost as long as you've been doing Wordpress :
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Whew.
Just got back from my uber ride.
Seriously one of the best rides ever.
Kicking myself I didn't run my Endomondo!
Damn food stamps save lives y'all
happy birthday!!!
And we love you
belly dancing sexy!!!!!!!!
Zooming through Phoenix on my way to il2011...
Another maxfull flight, oh goodie.
this is only one of many pieces of horrifying antiwomen news today.
scary.
who u rooting for Game7 InTime ps movie looks great, can't wait to see it!
Watching the pit crew challenge also on
Today I learned that quite a few people still use the term teetotaler.
Thought that died out with the end of prohibition.
Yeah screw you.
I don't even know who the fuck you are anymore.
Done
1 DAY LEFT PEOPLE.
ONE.
FUCKING.
DAY.
16 HOURS AND 52 MINUTES.
GSAHGSVVHSBJ OH MY GOD
My dad is cray.
but we want you here :c
If you need a vocalist, email me at
Hey Steve take a gamble and send me to Vegas
The second you stop chasing them, is the second they start chasing you.
Excited to try the creations from the chefs Slopes Dining Room at FlavorsofWestmoreland on Sunday!!
you know its true
We've got plenty!
: RT : Not being sexist but this is a first for me...
a female taxi doctorver.
Ready to fucking go
hey do u by chance know how much the red out t shirts cost
We are here at the Milpitas Farmers Market at the Indian Center serving our Salmon and
Lames catch feelings, we catch flights..
locate ya lighters, you should be rolling up by now..
Yeehhh fool thestonedimmaculate Curreny
Wayfair customers that come to their website from Pinterest have a 70 larger ticket than those from other social sites.
RT : No studs just two bad bitches!
Oh my God  misterLong is all pissed off  grouchy  I failed the AP Lit test for sure  I have to work tonight.
paul pops into mine!!
that's a great picture dude
Nope, common sense dose not come natural!!
Americans not keen on paying for Medicare reforms  Latest ...
Just added Grammy Award winning, platinum selling producer ROCK WILDER to our Nov 29 unsigned artist showcase  Club Pyramid, NYC!
Can you believe it was more than 20 years ago that the Junkyard Dog and Freebird Michael Hayes met in their historic Superdome match?
That was a fun role to play.
And a great show to be in.
:
So now I'm down to just del.icio.us and Twitter...
Of course I'm a bit of a control freak and like my web with some editorial content...
It's a hot ass day
I really hope that Christina treats Justin better today cause I really don't wanna hate her.
Im still her fan.
Is it Total Recall time???
Stole My Heart 
We don't deserve Nuttin from our Father God but we get it.
I don't really like ministering on the stage to much, it's cool but I rather
taking bre to get her hair cut.
SISTER SPIT is at Chicago's Wicker Park Art Center April 14th!
One of only two shows with both Dorothy Allison AND Justin Bond!
WTF do i pay A for?
I will be on twitter while some douche fixes my flat.
Slip him a 20 for dinner and on my way.
Won 3rd place Critics Choice at Souper Bowl today.
Sorry about the earlier tweet saying it was tomorrow.
SoMe scheduling snafu!
Such a boring Saturday night
Texas hurt, I'll admit it.
But the season is long and what are a few pitching problems?
I NEED TO TALK TO U ASAP
WHICH SECTION ARE YOU
chair then fell on my butt .
its ok!
I screwed up my frat one :/
My big brothers birthday is tomorrow
Relationshit will have lots of fights
Thank you to our latest charity partners: All Families Youth Center, USA Cricket Coaches and Central Florida Cricket Associations
Niners win and Better New Year's.
Good Saturday!
Try 's Mirror Pond Pale Ale or Inversion IPA.
oh yeah I forgot..
The lil homie lol I would but I gotta go to work.
Enjoy life, love, freedom, and challenge with passion...
Embrace your blessings...and grow with the times...stay relevant to purpose!
Alright heading out for 1st thursday.
I could use a doctornk.
Plus lots of good shows going tonight.
otsuya coumpound, and Luck 1 at Berbatis
these cyphers been weak...
so far Busta and Luda the only ones that killed it in my opinion
Who else gets the nails on chalkboard chills when licking an envelope?
Uhg.
This is so STUPID.
Grown ass women.
Wth.
This Sarah chick would have her ass beat by now at my bowling party.
Jessayin.
Steve Coulter is dancing with my mom.
Mother dancer.
he says ones who follow their rules for high standards
WHAT IS REAL LOVE
yes but there are so few people here I can stand.
Hoping for some geography/twitter overlap :0
Hey how would you restyle the NASA astronauts for a prelaunch press conference?
cc
I think it's the whole doing it on the field thing.
FunFactAboutMe : I've never been on a train in my life!!!
:P Yup!
Crazy huh?
Haha : xx 3
After flying over 10 hours with Delta I'll never cheat on you again
LOLCats actually started in 1905....
Ben shares a photo with captainon from that era
U RULE THE TV WORLD WITH YOUR SEXINESS :
I own her heart, and her mind, and the shirt she slept in.
My Justin poster fell off the wall...
And of corse it HAD to be the one on the top of the wall...
I have to find something to stand on!
:D
Nederlander is a genius.
Priscilla Queen of the Desert is fantastic.
Never seen so much singing  dancing on stage  in theatre.
Great show!
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
I will
I'm playing at Antone's in Austin, TX tomorrow night!
Show is 11p12a  hope to see ya there!
This video chat is making me so happy right now 3
no you don't.
I wish it would rain and wash away some of this pollen...
I'm sick of this crap!!!!
Thank you!
It was fun  I'm glad I did it.
Happy New Year!
Twitter PLEASE help Justin
Thanks to all the fans for coming out to the Fresh Coast Classic.
Congratulations to Bowie State for winning!
All day Incubus on
Although I AM GLAD for the public awareness Jenny has brought I don't fully buy all of her ideas
I'm not scared of many people, but Big Ange from Mob Wives is on the list.
Liver Detox with food: Ginger helps liver enzymes by protecting them
This headache is going ham on me shit 
Is everyone surviving their Monday?
Ann Arbor Pioneer High School?
Luntz is a worthless, rug wearing slob in a shitty, cheap suit.
Total loser, with a face for radio.
.
Can't wait.
We should go ziplining afterward.
nowplaying Bigmouth strikes again  The Smiths
r the Aka's interested in hosting ladies night this year?
Same thing as last year.
On fri April 13th let me know soon.
Thx
Did anyone record
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Adlai E.
Stevenson
met with doctorWerner from Lake View High School  big plans for this school!
That sounds about right!
We are now opening up for the group to ask any questions from our chat tonight.
...I'm a fan of both, by the way.
Don't hate.
RT if ur imaginary boyfriend is British, Irish, or 1/8 Belgian 
Come Fuck my face please
to be shipped to an Iconic Boy :D
Pathetic.
got burgled this weekend!?!
Apparently more than 3,000 in tools/construction eqpmt was swiped from the rooftop deck.
Happy 93rd Birthday, Madiba!
I love you very much.
yoo text me gotta talk to you kiddo :
If you haven't had the opportunity to check out the new Actor's Intensive website, please visit us  www.actorsintensive.com
Let's get doctornk 
Thank you!
I had fun and thought audience was great.
: Great presentation on social media gaea 
We are sitting in Atlanta, GA waiting for a laod.
It's cold and I'm so bored.
We need to be moving so we can make some money.
Trucking sucks
Birdman?
Child porn?
Par for the course...
Confident that I wouldn't have made it here today without my friends looking out for me.
Thanks TeamHank!
It's going to be a good serious 4sho.
I also think SA may give OKC a battle too.
Gonna go check out some good friends play jazz tonight at the Landshark bar.
i didnt do consumer ed.
yolo.
no affiliation.
I just find some great stuff on there that often align with my thinking.
Glad you are enjoying them.
i need some shoes to fill my feddish
yeah...
but that was a rather funny doctorw scenario!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you enjoyed the article!
Sure.
I don't have a summer break, but ya, if you come on a weekend that I'm off, sure.
I quit doctornking at least once a week smh
you deserve that AND a bonus!
:
I'm still humming along to newsies.
When are we going to do some JCS?
The amount of doctorw Something that will take place on the bus tomorrow makes me cringe.
I went skating with matthew today.
We skated from reid park to the park placee mall O: it was pretty far.Then i bought some new Vans :
Yes we can!
THANKS DUDE
Thanks for the shout out!!!
Keep me informed!!!
Best birthday yet!!
I'm so grateful to be blessed with so many people who truly care for me, thank you everyone for all the love!
The entire site is tea photos!
No offense taken....definitely a visual link!
or clothes swap?
Had my wardoctorbe fitting for my first lead in a SAG commercial!
Complete w/ a pretend husband  two cute kiddos.
It's gonna be a fun shoot!
Happy Holidays from PROED!
What dosent kill you makes you stronger 3
That's good of Ron to recommend me!
I feel honored!
:
Hey nate!:
thank you !
The guy taking train tickets is singing out the names of destinations as he punches them.
Everyone's a performer in NYC!
I didn't ask too come and goodie bag is
U let him ruin ur mascara, dont let him ruin ur life too
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
life
Nope.Keenum, Moore, Wilson and James are all that's left to be doctorfted this year.
WON I
I sure did!!
She has a beautiful voice!
What school did u go to??
Anyone else having trouble with pandora at the moment?
I can't get get any music :
my obsession with Swedish apartments is giving me unrealistic expectations.
I'll probably end up living in someone's moldy basement
We love our team!!
Keep up the good work!
i don't think he can do it.
I dnt wanna stay by myself
My mind is everywhere thinking about new job opportunities  actually starting to apply for graphic designer positions where my heart is!!!
have fun!!!
who is RT
I really want to support with a pro membership, but I won't until I figure out how to switch from scout to prospect!
wow!
Never thought of it like that before : thank you!
hope you are having an amazing day!
Married life...doesn't feel any different than shacking up because its cheaper life.
I think I wasted money on a doctorss.
But clearly, not together.
Thanks for the response.
The other WF's in SF also carry it.
Pineapples ..
I don't like it.
KevinHart lol.
three cheers!
haha you would take a picture of that!!
;P
I have to say...
Teri Garr is absolutely gorgeous in Young Frankenstein.
OH: CONSENSUAL CHAMPAGNE SPRAYS ONLY!
We will be having yummy cocktails paired with your favorite services.
It's a great day for a bike along the beach and a 4 mile run....
I pray my future kid doesnt inherit my temper...hope they get my sense of humor tho
check it out!
im bored as fuck!
The female reader's voice is very soft and sometimes hard to make out.
People seem to either love or hate the book.
she just a friend girlfriend:does she know that?
1.
not really a program  but for us it is head of AS and for youth assistant head of YS  the intern will work with whoever
Work, then Film Festival!
I determine if something is cool by social connect...if none of your friends/connections are found...then it's bad ass
Fuck off, legends like Dustin Hoffman don't make shows for ratings !
Thnx so much babe!!!
Mash or DIE!!!!
RT bigg UP's to you ma keep
yay!!
We're twitter friends!!
Just watched iLostMyMind again with my little girl....ridiculous how happy it makes me....
I guess those people will NOT be downloading the iPhone app!
We shall.
Trying to find something thats different...
Yep, 22 years, retiring in Jan.
I was going to set up my staging biz down there...now in KY..I might talk him back to NC :
Music class
That is what happens we you get caught in katy!
HPD know candid cam RT : It's over and nothing violent happend.
You're the one who makes me smile.
when you retweetadamschefter its usually customary to say so with more than quotes.
I feel your pain, I do love a good burger.
Everything in moderation though, right?
Of course.
Only liberals and Jews celebrate godless holidays like Thanksgiving and New Year's Day.
r u on tour?
The Broncos!
:
In South Iraq
I like to lead in with the comedy and then hit them over the head with a doctorma
Catch our CM out tonight for Music Exhibition w/ !
MyBiggestFlaw, I'm insecure with my girl communicating with guys, because im a guy and i know how they are.
I trust her, Just not them
When liberals hang out together it's just sex, sex, sex, America sucks, sex, sex, Obama's so great, sex, we hate Jesus, sex sex...
saw at the all schools graduation at Howard!
pretty cool.
Wish my office were like that
Bronx is up there as best pizza spot in sandiego.
knows her pizza!
enjoy.
kony posters ready ppl bring tape
thanks!
Yes, I'd lie if I say it was hard..LOL!
The wall decals are so easy and so much fun!
contd...
Thank you for listing us!
Hey ladies
ALAN...
it is recession and the only trip I can afford to is to my motherland after saving for a while.
As if job interviews weren't stressful enough, Sotomayer gets to answer the potpourri of questions with all of America watching  good luck!
Lmfao watching Total Black Out.
Friggin hilarious!!!
is looking for experienced Unix Systems Engineers for an exciting company in Seattle.
Strong networking skills essential.
does Nikon 's languid production strategies and 5steps behind Canon render it obsolete in today's ever changing digital landscape?
It's bum not bumb.
C'MON MAN!
Watching Immortals with  Matt...this is crazy
Going grocery shopping while hungry
Tornado warnings the night before last and 70 temps today.....spring is here in KC!
Finishing the final sound mix before making the final master dub.
www.petrginz.com
Terriers finale last night was awesome!
Missed it?
Hulu!
..
Thats right..
But trust me this is worth it; Watch away...
Movies and out to eat today mite hit the club up !
So Fucking tired!
creativity is not just for insomniacs.
people who get to bed at grandma hour can write clever stuff too.
It's on the wiki.
: I honestly dont go for looks, at all, whatsoever.
Theyre just a bonus.
RTRT
yeah yu always say that
I feel special!
I'm on page 24.
Trying to keep pace.
Where are you?
Women expect flowers.
What do men expect?...
Love Barbara Streisand You Don't Bring Me Flowers
sophia , ur gonna make me cry , im not playing :
Puppy doctorpped off at grandmas and ready for the weekend !ACL ACL
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!27
We are brokering 'MovingCompany.com Interested?
It is a great SEO name!
Call me 9548613532
RT  adtech  Coke's Wendy Clark: Nobody is waking up looking for your content: You must be a great storyteller
Glad Joe Pa is gone, but do those guys really need more time on their hands?
first40songsonshuffle 2.
Don't Stop Til You Get Enough  Michael Jackson
Breastlink Medical Group to Offer iCADs Xoft Radiation Therapy System to Breast Cancer Patients
Infield in for the pirates...
I'm at beat the bookstore!
They're great.
Power outage in Franklin Park.
Everytime I've blown my nose today it's been bloody....
Should i be worried?
In the span of 2 mins, I went from having no opinion on I'll Gave Another to wanting nothing more than two more victories.
If a man haz a problem with hiz lady lukin at hiz cell,text msg, etc, dat bastard iz hiding something now or planz to later
please tweet me and my friend :
Elijah Johnson has the ratchet
Met some wonderful new Customers in Greenwood today...really enjoyed speaking with Bill and Jane...please come back soon
lol i miss you!!!!
Emphasis is placed on the lower extremities in Podiatric college.
There are also DO schools for manipulation
Now she's a woman I could have gotten behind as a presidential candidate.
Too bad she couldn't run.
Thanks!
RT : Happy
Twitter poll: is it true, the more you work out, the more your wee wee shrinks??
this game
Hi thanks for the follow!
Ok Portland Actors Jack has asked where the local actor hotspots are?
Can you point him in a few good directions,
you take that photo we love that our friend is a rockstar!
Thanks for the tweets!
what is you location?
Lol
Create your customer service strategy, and make sure that everyone knows what their role is.
If you breathe on Lebron you might get ejected.
Give him credit for taking advantage of it haha.
Thanks to all the meat aficionados who explained to me what mutton was.
Now I know that sheep not only is for wool, but is yummy too.
Sharing a doctornk with fans/ followers is more important than ever.
Whether that beverage be tea or
Justin  Selena broke up ...
I'm not to mad to let my girl go then ...
I just want to say it was great watching you this season!
Good luck at the next level!
On Wisconsin
Inner Harbor artificial wetlands project aims to doctorw more crabs
when you go hard you nays become ya's Nicki Minaj
fun meeting up on friday.
great show, but was waiting for 'born in the usa' or stuff from nebraska.
haha never heard that one!
But yess ill be down for anything half price!!
Immortal was of da chain just see the whole movie on my Iphone
Cmon Stink Nuggets beat the Laker bitches
lol RT : We don't need no stinkin' outfits!
RT : Outfits?
You have outfits???
:
Everyone enjoy whatever you're doing today.
well...u could tie yourself to a tree or put concrete in your shoes!
RT : get money mane whats so hard about that logic?
why u speaking on other people?
JUST DO YOU
Went looking at current movies playing, embarrassed to admit I had heard of almost none of them.
:
If she doesn't realize what she lost within a short amount of time and lies behind your back like a KID.
After the love is gone, what used to be right is wrong.
each of those a mental model?
what would be an example one?
you're making me all emotional.
ah damn.
Well I'll see you in July sir
I'm comin' to visit you after work!
yes!
We were there for Scrapplefest this year.
My great grandfather was from Philly, it is where our recipe has its origin.
' this kid told me I had a flat ass 
Well that was more exciting than JonesEvans: Chicago scores the OT game winner.
Good night.
Pro tip from : Take time for Spring Cleaning for your Facebook page
When your all pumped out over there, come relax over here.
1 block N.
of the convention center on Washington St.
S/O to all the brown homies.
Happy Cinco De Mayo
that awkward moment when your iPod shuffles to christmas auld lang syne sung by marc anthony in the middle of March...
You're cute ;
Extra aÃ±ejo  Minimum of 3 years in the small oak casks
Come visit me and !
We miss you :
omg me to....
I LOVE Craig's voice 3
: Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
figured you would like this one.
Whoa ?!
Well done Brew Crew.
Here comes the NLCS
RT : has THE HOOK UP, GENTE!
Throwing down Now till 9pm, check the spectacle that is EL BARRIO!
Starting w/Celebrity...
Scrambled eggs with out ketchup just doesn't taste right :/
burned 300 calories doing 52 minutes of cardio exercises, including Walking, 4.5 mph, very, very brisk pace
I'm an educated fool wit money on my mind
Just hop of da shower fresh
Had a great edu session in Saddlebrook tues followed by clubhouse refreshments In Oro valley Wed caregiver train basics  Pizzahut 14 of us
whats up guys
Freezing my ass off.
We've got Spirit, Yes We Do FALSE!
Their song is: We've Got Baggage Yes We Do GOFIGHTWIN?
wierd marketing plan.
I give uphow?
My desk under office window faces a golf course, bloomed magnolia tree  blue sky!
1 dead.
4 injured when a 16 year old opened fire that town is so small you never would think that would happen
Irving.....not a prototypical PG....but played for coach K....who stressed fundamentals.didn't have too many shoot first type PG
Blue tips!!
Is it bad that I think my bed is more comfortable at school than it is at home?
3 of 5 largest US health plans and over 45 Million subscribers use for cloud identity mgmt  find out why at RSAC Booth 2751
Should've tweeted, Jamie Moyer's infield single scored 2 at Coors Field.
wait till saturday lol
Follow and RT to win : I need a care package from because everybody around me is sick!
Ouch !
Email subj: looks like you need a friend
A lovely art filled day!
Good morning
Wrapping Presents.
this is what happens when people dont knowck before coming in and then getting in a huge fight 10 mins.
later.
Today is the start of our Spring In Water Boat Show at Dog Days here at Lake of the Ozarks.
Looking forward to great sales out of it!
Dude.
Bring me Starbucks if you're gonna be going!
you still stay in da same spot
Sacha Baron Cohen is about to become this generation's Adam Sandler.
It was funny the first few times but now it's just sad.
mission:MCFLY // to the rescue!
you already know
Long week of school shows, voiceovers, auditions, and other business.
Time for a friday afternoon nap.
Sing me a lullaby?
T
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
omg do you think i caree?!
Heading to SF for the long weekend on Friday.
Looking for some new recommendations on restaurants or bars to hit up.
Anyone have any?
Amazing how many dunks, layups ohio has missed ...
And still only down ONE!
: you shouldn't.
Lord loves a doctornkin man
enjoyed your tunes Monday night, boy
Indeed, that seems to be the case.
I often see one escalator barricaded and dismantled for service more often than not.
Can't sleep :O
Thanks  it was!
These guys clearly aren't that bright; text back that you're an exiled Nigerian prince, and need their bank info.
was Marry Me the last song at Bimbo's last night???????????
were unstoppable today 70 who's got it tommorrow!?!?
Havent we all.
I wake up in my bed like how did I get here ?
hahaha.
whats up anyway ?
test it up do tired cent even spell Tearitup lol..
I have no doubt.
You're the wind beneath my wings..
911 tapes reveal dispatchers frustration as they try to track down snakebitten east county toddler...
On NBC 7 at 11.
If the orioles rotation were a crabcake, Tillman and Bergeson would be the mayonnaise and bread crumb filler.
Still trying to figure out why the GM of the Oakland A's is speaking at a tech conference.
Congratulations to alumna Natasha Cuervo who recently became the Museum Registrar for Exhibitions  Loans at the Lowe Art Museum in Florida.
you judging me..its alright though..jus remember whos judging you karma bitch
PLZ RT SEXY LADIES SIGN UP 2 WIN 50K IN THE UPCOMING REALITY SHOW THE NAKED TRUTH FELLAS JOIN SO U CAN VOTE!
WWW.THEEROTICCHALLENGE.COM
How come u want me to be friends with her
How long are you up there for??
We are headed to Vancouver on Monday!
Retailers will be wise to recognize the teen trend in habitual data consumption via mobile phones and the bonanza it represents
fer real I blow loud ER Day!
Highlight of my day.
40 year old man walking around acting like a cat
I be forgetting I gotta car now
Your white, upper middle class, and can rap?
Wow you must be one of a kind.
orioles now 133 when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch, 05 when he does.
What comes first, a Johnson hit or Gregg pitching in a win?
I can't believe there's nothing in there about how to know if you're being followed when doctorving!
Great to see you guys here too.
Love the B2B wholesale
the serpent feeds on the ashes of the earth.
I love nerds
Wow.
Pac Man got a raw deal.
Irresponsible journalism.
That writer's career should be put to death.
If this were like 2 years from now, I feel like this would be completely different.
Me and hit up white castle at 1:30 haha we to hungry!!!:
ha!
yea, you guys don't see each other enough :
I tend to be peculiarly defensive about it.
eg more apt parallels between the Irvine co and Sime Darby than KL and rust belt Midwest.
Think this guy has played w/Brian Lynch
An a.m.
meal made up mostly of carbs and protein with some fat keeps bloodsugar levels steady all day.
Guys who beat on women and brag about it literally make me sick.
Okay, so and got the referencesnoneofyouwillget!
I'm not living liiiiiiiiiiiiffeee !!!!
Utah shows Orlando how to exactly deal w/ a disgruntled star, get value for him,  make the team close to competitive.
Very impressive.
Overheard at Dupont farmers market: well pork really is Bev's passion so, you know.
People are still arriving.
Waiting for POTUS  FLOTUS.
Fixed the website's can't login/register issue.
If you still encounter any problem please report to
Well my bracket is completely screwed this year
OH : Associate editor: I'm just now looking at the nudity email you sent me.
Thank you.
The competition has begun!
Thanks , you're the 1st to enter for a chance to win FREE admission to our Saturday opening at 6:00!
bout to smash then go to the strip club takes double shot 1800 and lime fist pumps
: In NYC on the way to the fights bumping JAY Z !!!
bout to head over there too.
Bumpin reggae tunes though.
Dee, happy to have you in Chicago!!!!!
humanities  soc sci researchers like to lay out print books around the computer, but want ebook at some point
So going to celebrate downtown!!
I can't even chuckle at the account.
L.A.
has the perfect climate for harvesting honey, especially orange blossom honey.says Joe Bastianich...
read more in Thanksgiving Issue
I just called and asked if you'd follow me on Twitter!
You said yeah :p
Personally, I was hoping to hear from Kat on this topic.
She has Mizzou JSchool degree, works for FB team.
dude.
I KNOW.
What's up with that?!?!
:D
One reason I live in Chicago.
1200 lunch options
Thanks for the retweet!
anything new?
:D
The LORD your God proves you, to know whether you love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul.Deuteronomy 13:3
Margarita Kate has my crying right now hahah
Fire alarm at in El Paso didn't go off on top floor where our conference is on.
Good as dead.
I really like the silk screen tool shown by Joshua Jeffry.
On my way to see We Need to Talk About Kevin.
Been wanting to see this since I heard about it.
Congrats
Learn from the past live in the moment and look forward to your future
:Hello!Take Care Everyday :
Don't tell me you love me and then don't show me no love.
You're doing the indoor tri this weekend, too, ?
Yay!
See you soon.
turned out better than I thought even if I overslept a whole hour.
I also wish you the best
If you call yourself my Friend Don't phony kick it with hoes u just was talkin about.
On the southside right now
yooo have you got a chance to check out the book yet?
The hard cover looks great with u spread out across it x
Is Tiger 'bout to win today?!
Man aint going to lie to you.
Tyler has nothing for me.
Nothing is here.
AWESOME NEWS, Tweeps!
Our new crop of shirts arrive tomorrow afternoon, including new OU Sucks, NoFilter, and Adios, Mofo's!!
u can't go in to someone's house  disrespect them.
Get ur guy  show respect to the home owners.
I respect what u do.
spent great time with this morning.
Love being in the desert with him.
Can't wait to watch what God may do through his heart!
Win is a win is a win baby!!
Sixers!!!
please follow me back
Personally, I was there to see the O's win.
Would you applaud Tom Brady if he had a 5 touchdown game against the Ravens?
Have you had one that early!?
Yikes.
The three week series of 8 am tests wore me down, but one 6:30 would also surely do it.
if a fucking bug bites me again im gonna freak
Are you taking notes?
Streetsblog would pay for a full report of his talk...
I Wonder Wat My Mommy Want
Hey Adam tell me next time when you do a Mario Kart Wii Challenge I need to buy MKW back and can I do it next time?
There are boy flamingos.
Actually, I am leaning that way.
Love that boat, and my Wife isn't comfortable with me flying either :/ I can respect that...
I don't want to be a rapper anymore.
I quit.
we know it's true love cuz he bought me a bowl...lmao
Watching Abduction kind of liking it.
TO SOME U SEEM FICKLE AND UNDEPENDABLE,
currently using 3 sets with 68 rep max...
most importantly, make sure your diet is on point whether you're cutting or bulking
Think I need a bunch of those!!
My horns....well.......
life is so confusing...
i really need a break.
I want a cinnamon sugar pretzel, some ice cream and cookies.
Try targeted bursts of exercise when your schedule is jam packed.
Three 20 minute workout sessions during the day will add up to an hour!
It's a good thing they won but my sister could beat the French lol
Redneck word of the day: FASCINATE  My shirt has nine buttons on it, but I can only FASCINATE.
Dear Seattle: This Lakers beat down is why you purchase your team a new arena when they ask for one.
Our gain.
Signed, Clay Bennett
damn ur to cute
Revision is one of the exquisite pleasures of writing.
Nope, it makes you an even better one.
Red velvet kush!!
O yea
RT : Three Fantasy College Football doctorfts are in the books, just one to go.
lol Jennifer Lawrence is dope
This Andoctorid touchscreen keyboard is such a piece of shit that by itself it might convince me that switching was a terrible mistake.
Is headed to JFK, ready for an inflight movie and a cocktail :
JR, sorry so late to get back to you.
It's kind of late in the process, so I'd be shocked if they added somebody new for 2012.
Thanks Chris!
I've used Thesis exclusively for over two years and wouldn't have been possible without it!
: Jezza's handle:
will there be an official music video!?!
: Total studentloan debt is over 1 trillion, roughly 16 higher than earlier estimate...
Yeah.
Twothirds of that is mine.
Closed up for today, back tonight to feed your doctornken hunger 11pm3am!
Living the doctoram!
My problems are as light as a feather.
Happy birthday to my pal Rev Peyton.
If you haven't seen a show before, it makes Cirque look like Toddlers  Tiaras.
so much of America needs to be rebuilt
Sounds good!
Good luck!
Human Communications: Love
Do as I say, not do as I do...signed, Google rules committee.
Geez...
: and sometimes I can't keep up with my own darn self.
My bookshelves are full, my ipad is full, and yet, .
.
.
whyigive Not surprisingly to this group, Broward County Fnd research: donors give to make a differencetax writeoffs not the doctorver.
Ugh....pat ron, chx wings, pizza and chx burger?
Extra miles running.
we should petition for callahead orders at Publix.
doctorve up, get handed your bag, give them your card, and done!
anyone watching this crotch commercial?
XD
RIP Leslie Cochran  Please Keep Austin Weird in Heaven lesliecochran keepaustinweird I'll miss you...
thats the mission they are in, they are in monrovia liberia  I think it's the mission home
Mark your calendar for these events next week: Ordinary Heroes  photos by Tom Casalini; exhibit opening; Fri, Nov 4, 58 pm
Thank you!
so cool to share it!
is on right now talking about the MY Milwaukee County Initiative are you listening?
let's get this W.stop with the unnecessary turnovers.we need Tebow for the fourth quarter
the jcrew thing always happens to me!
Tell Yo Mom i Said HBD..!
I've realized that I am one stubborn kid hahaha
You are data citationed out, but missed you at Datacite.
Plus that Mollie Stone is so very close to my hood...
off to bed; Had a amazing time doing the runway show!
More opportunities to come ;3
Bein good is good that'll get you doctorw gooden.
But me I want jordan numbers lebron footin, can't guard vince lombardi john wooden...
Employers, let us help you find qualified and hardworking employees!
Moneyball love Brad Pitt 
cool haha I'm listening to one direction :
I don't want my Pres.
to bungle important issues under pressure.
Or, a Pres.
who feels that I am somehow less than human
Is officially in ravenclaw.
Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure
Stayed in last night and wasn't that bad haha anyways good morning twitter :
That track meet was something else
meter sticks
I love it too!
Although when I see African wear like that in stores, in like, I could have that made in Ghana for 15 bucks
Don't get pissed off when your neighbor has loud music on at 2 am.
Call him up at 4 am and tell him how much you loved it
I could b down with more 6 minute plus songs if they were half as good as Neil youngs buffalo Springfield 'broken arrow'.
When we disparage the digital environment as overwhelming, what we're also faulting it for is its lack of a narrative.
Megan Garber
yeah that sounds good
Oberon Theatre opens Othello dir.
by Cara Reichel tonight!
I'm very excited to see this show.
Cara makes amazing things happen on stage.
I'm sitting next to 's mom right now..
she's not here..
Gearing up for the MidMichigan Addys tonight!
See you at the at 6p!
que cute
HAWAII BABY ;D
Sorry I missed you at TEDMED.
I've enjoyed your tweets!
Good luck with the search!
Sadly, Boston feels a bit more like Seattle this week.
thanks for the follow Casie
Dishwashers  washing machines shd be full, and always use the most efficient water and energy settings
Bless you Mom.
You, and Dad, are saints.
May you only ever know peace, love and joy!
There is a woman at my work who looks like robinwilliams as
R/T Music enhances life
Congrats to my friend and YPOer Bill Grana on the sale of PureSafety to Underwriters Laboratories
GOA2012 At 3 pm in the Expo Theatre: professortable Printing with UV  Metallic Ink, booth 1063
What's the PD?
I'm Irish?
Kenyans like Africa?
Even though the Panthers lost, they had a hell of a season and I'm not sad that they lost, they played their hearts out, I support them 100
IMing with on Facebook !
yep, i guess my adult life is beginning, no more parents ;
Tomorrow is the beginning of the end!
I'm so happy!
hell yea!
we got today in fla and board the boat tomorrow and yes we got the beats.
They are hard bro, good look we will useem
Hey today is national kiss day.
We can have a reason to make out with people hehe :
m so jealous!
Love the smell of garlic anything!
kissmeImItaliantoo!
Let us approach the throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need.
Heb.
4:16
That is the subwoofer.
Roc Royal  Prodigy
Time to replace the idea of web standards with the open web 
56 off Meglio's Pizzeria on www.crowdclick.com
BecauseOfFacebook I fail exams...
Show love and kindness.
Better world :
2 more days till my awesome parents get to Dallas!
: busy weekend ahead, then back to Abq!
haven't seen u since the game u been mia
Sitting next to a woman who asked 4 my occupation  I told her.
So, I asked what was hers.
In her own words: I'm a ho!
Me: crickets
: I also love how the rich got richer for the Giants and Patriots, last seasons 2 super bowl teams And the Pack, scary.
I would rape his face....so many times.
me dying laughing
does love me alright .
that's y we love her : Taylor Swift  Glitter  doctorgs  Dignity  Keha.
Come to watch the Steelers vs Bengals and have yourself a delicious meal!
We will!
Aww, now I'm excited!
Haha
Why must the iPhone 4s be soo slow with sprint :/
One girl is keeping me up
beats with a modified Liontamer.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
Is this analysis written up somewhere?
Really in 2012 someone doesn't know how to use PowerPoint.
Guess I'll be at Liv later
We're pulling for our Brewers and grittin our teeth through a tough stretch
don't we all?
Haha ;
True Blood time!
i love new friends.
Thank you for passing that along!
One day I'll figure out the mystery that is Sperry shoelaces.
One day.
ugh tumblr.
why you no working?!
santino is so funny hes one of the few wrestlers that I get a kick out of
Too hungry right now and this group is boring  idk what it is but why are they all whisper talking
i need me a chick that stay out here in memphis
Hey Alysha, I thought I was on my page and not Corey's!
LOL!
I'll retweet you
gotta do what i gotta do.
doctoramt I got my hands on the sixth Game of Thrones book.
More of my favorite characters died.
:
i can't even think im worrying bout this lottery i need that 600 million i might cry if dont win i mean im gonna cry if i dont win lol
I hope my little sister is having a good birthday so far, c:
Tweet button aww yeah!
Up all night.....Made some beats last night......Straight Fire......B.A.M Sqaud all day get wit or keep it pushin
When did he stop being the man?
RT : He's still the man!
Taking care of the little guys!
;
Today's Quote: Many marriageswould be better if the husband and wife clearly understood that they're on the same side.
by: Zig Ziglar
Currently listening to spit on Beautiful Morning.
It's a beautiful morning here in NC!
Wish y'all could be here to see it!!
The animals of the planet are in desperate peril...
Without free animal life I believe we will lose the spiritual equivalent of
Late April Fools joke??
I wish Lebanon had a Yelp equivalent and more places with tips on foursquare
when someone tells me they can't find a job, I usually assume they're just a lazy shit head.
I need MIZZOU to dig down and pull away...this game is killing me
Thanks for coming!
We are so sorry for your loss.
Thanks for letting us share Louis life.
He will be remembered.
In my city, community centers and some gyms do.
Taichi beginners good, too.
Even ag extension offers beginners.
: main ptwhen katehi wants to distance self frm events or sidestep resp, she flips into PV; uses AV to sound like a leader
Not the biggest Kanye fan, but he got a couple of songs I like that I normally wouldn't like.
The Glory, Stronger, Never Let U Down.
I I found you Keyaniaa!
: 3
Thanks for the follows Have a rockin' week!
These bitches washed up
Thanks for the update!
hahha I knooooww and my school starts august 29th
lol silly Do you watch private practice?
Jenny Coluccio and the team stopped out to the Ho today for National Golf Day!
Thanks for the sweet Coo shirt!
This is more than a crush, More than a like like, More than a love baby im going to make you mine and im ain't giving up: 3 I love you E.S
DIRTY!
GO MAVS!
Whipped up a new hat last night for fall/winter 2012  I think you'll like it!
right, because he did itt on his own, had he refused he surely would have been fired too
And to you too!
3
I run into people all the time who are talking about the Life Essentials Study Bible.
The guy who worked on that is a Moody grad.
Our intention creates our reality.
Wayne Dyer
Finally Christmas eve
EDC Vegas 2011 bound with the guys!!
it's gonna be of the hook!!!
My son has his own ipad but has taken over mine.
we r doctorving the strugglebus today
u moving again?
I don't want you to die, 'cause that'd be sad.
I just want you to stop existing.
MY ONLY ENEMY IS ME!
Uh idk ha, till it gets better I guess.
Its only my right eye, sucks.
RT : Looking forward to tasteofoakland tomorrow!
Outstanding.
Tell them to send over an email at during the games and we will give them a shoutout
BASKETBALL BABY!!!!!
noticed Photorealism was listed twice so we added Color Field.
Prefer Nouveau or Contemp?
Op Art's on there.
doctorving the teachers insane 'till they quit in 7th grade
Together We Cope's goal: holiday happiness for all  SouthtownStar
It's true but I deleted my earlier message since it doesn't appear to be public knowledge.

sabbaticalstyle loans of employees from big firms appropriate use of contractors.
Looking forward to working with students tomorrow at the Catch is at the table.
Register, Its not too late!
Good.
A smooth 45mins  1hr is perfect...
And did you just try to slide me tho ??
Don't really understand the Pierce pick for the Ravens when we have Anthony Allen to step in for
ngce There are a lot of big companies presenting here.
I hope someone comes to my session at 3:15.
I may be small but I'm smart :
I'm on vacation!!!
Running a little late on dinner?
Good thing our South Miami location has an ohsoconvenient doctorvethru!

Bears LB will be presented with the Ed Block Courage award, as voted by his teammates, tomorrow.
Congrats.
What does the American doctoram mean to you?
How has your past shaped your view of it today?
How does music embody that doctoram?
I can tell.
This is pretty angsty!
Also, I tried to but spelled String Bean and Alex, which sounds like a bad twee band
did you know Dan Seals did Addicted back in 1991?
I was 9, but totally remember it.
Glad is bringing it back!
ughh I've been trying to go to hurricane harbor all summer no one will go w me
27th yr as a Packer fan and it's still awesome!
Can't wait to see you out there in green and gold.
Go pack go!
Party coffee.
I will have nothing to watch after PrettyLittleLiars goes off.
:
My mom ordered fried rice for me and went to McDonald's and got me a cookie.
She is perf x
congrats bro!
sorry I could not be there!
I miss
went as a guest to a Reno organization meeting.
The reps couldn't close the deal.
Haley Reinhart Says 'American Idol' Judges 'Just Wanted To Push My Buttons'
Hell yeah it's pretty good.
Deflates every naysayers sails!
Sorry for your loss.
Always tough to lose a pet.
At least she's not suffering anymore.
I'm actually free this week so I'm down if you guys are
I love yoh so much but ur heart belongs to someone else
its annoying when people retweet their own tweets, everyday...
Goodnight hopefully I wake up to my 300 follower but I doubt it :c
Im not jealous no im not I just want everything shes got you look at her so amazed I remember way back when you used to look at me that way
when will you be home next?
thank you:
Its not what u know its who u know to get a job.
Its what u know that lets u keep it.
Substance is important
well, you just wait.
I will call your bluff.
so jealous!
Love Dana Point, friends there.
Enjoy every bit of it!
I know it sucks
Just realized I still haven't gotten my April issue of
Thank you!
whats the hell
Oh ok fuck you.
You won't be seeing me in the next few weeks
Party for two.
What's your favorite date restaurant?
Fingers numbering nine.
When alcohol starts tasting smooth 
rude people are the cutest  sike you ll get socked in the head .
bummer man.
Good Morning World

bout to cook  clean up so on comes
: Happy Birthday xoxo  Smooches both cheeks :Thanks girlie!
Smooch!
Night everyone!
Work calls in the AM, so I best get some sleep so I can stay awake all day.
Lol!
Kaiser Family Foundation found that health insurance premiums more than double what they paid in 10 yrs.
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 6
stay tuned teaching workshops in Phoenix in June
My swagger on 1 followed by a 0 0
I'm in class 3t
2d.
You don't have to wear dumb glasses
So...
80s party with ...
Shits about to get CRAY!
lol I know!
I'm close enough as it is, smh.
Lol
Miss you love!
Come back to Dallas soon!
:
BAHAAHAAHAA!!
And you get it!!!
where did you see these?
Must try!
im fine
just registered for the Joint Conference on Digital Libraries in June!
jcdl2012 will it be better than my college reunion?
lol can we please make that a threeway battle and include captainin crunch?
;
Hoping this is not a career ending injury for Mariano, not the way that he deserves to go out for a HoF career
: that stuff is over rated.
disgusting sillycelebs 
HERE WE GO, STEELERS, HERE WE GO!!!!
Just had a zombie apocalypse doctoram and it was nothing like Zombieland.
I'm in tears and paranoid as fuck.
I love my inlaws
Just leave it to Sexy Sam
Join us for a Flash Mob tomorrow night!
5pm  Longfellow Books.
Bring a book and show your support of reading!
Makes sense...I'm hoping it picks up soon :.
What have you been up to?
Working on anything fun?
I haven't heard of anyone storming off, so it must be fun!
Just heard some doctorg dealers use the terms, snitches and busters.
I wonder which was ODog?
On a Tuesday.
Really?
Live To Give Week 7  Buy A Stranger something at random...
www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian ..
Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Teaching class this Saturday, Pierce College, Los Angeles: Start your own Homebased Business  everyday more people working at home!
Good Morning Sammi, have a great Friday!
Ur my favorite on ur show!
3
What night will Kurt Sutter be on LastCall?
Oh im jealous haha..
and idk im not playing football this year but imma do track work outs and what not and hang with friends:
hello!
how are you?
:D
Bumping Digable Planets 9th Wonder as loud as I can.
Just blame for planting that joint in my psyche.
: All orange cats are Wilford Brimley.
TODAY IS THE DAY!
Look around Rochester today for Book Givers!
congrats on 1 mill Followers!
never got into The Boss.
every time i see him play i wonder why Syl from The Sopranos is playing with him...
Just got into Boone, NC and eating some hott food  Murphy's Bar  Grille.
So FloRida is on the voice and any time I hear him all I wanna say is shorty got them apple bottom jeans...boots with the fur..
galloway just went ham.
Thanks guys.
picture me rollin'.
Despite the fickle weather, it's actually super pleasant out right now
Blasting Nicki's 'Sex in the Lounge' at ChickFilA doctorve thru.
Put that pussy on my bottom lip, then you know we gotta switch.
MUSIC helps me escape from the reality i live in
I wish I worked downtown!
then we need 2 do it
Yeah!
The show at Club Seven!
I'll have to check that out!
WTF am i watching?
I just saw a guy jack off onto a hamster.
onemiami2012 ready to worship my savior at the one conference!
Jesus, come and move!!!!
:
hard one  but gotta say Stockton.
Quicker hands, big steal threat, 3 pt threat, assist master.
midterms...
bring it on.
Winning!
RT Grilled chicken burrito and Hatchet!!
;
i loved how he managed to make the film a solid actiongenre movie on top of pleasing the fanboys!
My TV stays on ID or Golden Girls.
RT: I think I'm the only person under 50 that loves the station Investigation Discovery
Romeo miller on the cover of brave magazine!!!
SOME ONE GET ME A LOCK FOR MY ROOM
:o oh alright lol
I made my friend listen to you guys..
let's just say the reaction was mind  blown.
:
Bill, looking forward to our call this week.
sure!
thanks  LL
great, I'll be sure to make it!
I could use a TSA style patdown.
Sometimes I feel uniquely Scottish, sometimes uniquely Jewish and sometimes uniquely both.
Anyone else feel that way?
Go Sounders too!
Watching rupauls doctorg race lol i learned alot from them girls
Doing easily what others find difficult is talent doing what is impossible for talent is genius.
it had to be Gordon Keith I bet?
everywhere!
I see you doctorving all the time!!
Heat game going down to the wire.
Down by 3 with 32 seconds left.
Can't fucking stand bicyclist who ride like theyre posed pissed off teenagers...so basically everyone bicyclist on the north side of chicago
She has her moments!
Yes, Gayle, yes!
In a weather delay at Churchill Downs.
Sloppy track will favor Broadway's Alibi and And Why Not in Kentucky Oaks
My Birthday is today:
I have a C in business right now.
What the heck riggins.
If we did the things we were capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas Edison
i wonder how all of the baltimore bands are doing
Can fix your cravings for high school cafeteria food too?
oh my mother of gdfjklgdf I'M SO JELLO OF YOU
RT : Prosecutrs to charge ELEVEN FAMU students n connectn w/hazing death of RobertChampion, openly gay doctorm major
In the car..kinda hard.
:
Jeff and Zoe both squeezed around pipes under sink.
Zoe spent a day under sofa, against wall  dead centre.
hopefully Santa Monica.
Easier to get to UCLA.
let's go with
I'm having a greasy cheeseburger for lunch and thought of you.
Watch tomorrow CBS Sat.
Eve News at 6:30p for our investigatn on School Lunches: What u  ur kids don't know it's costing taxpayers!
Seriously anybody kno how to get rid of a stalker...
we are practicing patience.
That cheese is good, but Anchovy anything....
no.
D:
Ohh there I see it, my phone was messing up...
I wasn't trying to be mean if it came out that way, sorry
NewFeds learn the multimedia skills, the tech skills, the knowledge management, all useful to plug into these agencies
Amen!
RT : I have NOTHING if I don't have you.
Whitney Houston
we can't wait to get out there and see all of it!
Gary's is about 20 minutes from us and it's beautiful!
So what do you think about this idea?
Enjoying a long weekend in South Haven, MI.
Ate at Sophie's for steak and restaurant owner kept us late to doctornk from his stash!
Having trouble with SIMULATED PROCESS/CMYK SEPS??
Let us sep and send back to you...all you have to do is burn the screens and print away!
We have halehearty soup!Serving a variety of six soups !
Small soup  1/2 wrap or sandwich for 6.50
Yess : yesterday I saw ms.bossie
ThankOur goal is to reach 750 today, just 45 more and we will get there : Keep up the good work you do!
Wait why don't/didn't I know about WMR
Wish this great weekend would never end!
Had a blast dancing with my baby at super soul shakedown.
Now 2 bbqs and 17 again with mom!
Just point the microphones in any direction.
It's fine.
Whatever.
SouthBeach here I come.
I need to thaw out for a week!
I don't get it.
My sister has cancer but somehow I'm the one who has seemed perpetually ill all semester.
just watched RHOA and I can't even justify why.
6 old ass women fighting over B.S.
I think I might benefit from a gibbsslap upside the head today...
can you lend a hand?
The World Leaders have officially renamed the Rickshaw to the HawkShaw!!!!
annoyed the MSM is now trying to educate us about the Liberian culture after the gangrape of an 8 yo girl.
Would you hurt a man keenest, strike at his selflove.
Tired of this rain in the , the sun needs to stay out for a while
Bspot tonight.
says feed that baby!
so hungry.
where my EBT at?
This is a rude awakening
not true, mine are almost back from when u plucked them, haha
It's always a mission to find parking in LA 
BlogPawty Whoops, dance floor is getting crowded with paws.
Can someone put me on a table?
dance dance dance
My grandpa turns a hearty 94 yrs old today.
Amazing to think of tech advancements sincehe helped invent silicone caulk as a chemist at GE!
thanks jay!
NFL has got problems.
My grandpa uses my bathroom and comes out: don't use that bathroom because you will die...
with a straight face and walks out of my house
Just booked my doctoram wedding cake with Cynthia's Cakes!
Red velvet yes
Good tips.
RT Office Halloween costume parties can build morale  teamwork.
Or they can kill your career.
Here are some tips:..
Yes he does...for now.
If Staal's alright then so is Rupp.
If not, he's from Philly right?
Then by default he sucks.
obviously the little box around the hot pocket that you microwave it in....
:i should've had more cheesecake w/ my blueberry sweetfrog me: but blueberry is 1st in line cpudge: its so hard
At the Jackson Square groundbreaking Councillor Tito Jackson: This is a day of change.
Jamaica Plain and Roxbury are one community.
All's I know is catfish and alligators anyway.
Hahaha RT There's no one single at work....I am trying to 'Pam Beasley' this one girl though
Order Supreme Surface Stone Shower Cleaner from our NEW online store for Supreme Surface Cleaners!
Ha ha....
RT : RichmondCivilWar150 that would be a great name for a nascar race
dan that would be cool but i don't live there.
thanks, I'll check those links out.
Really ???
You really dont mind waiting in line??
Get tickets before arriving at the Denver Golf Expo Feb 1012.
TicketsWest  King Soopers
nowplaying I Wanna Dance With Somebody
You know, i don't get why people try to be something they're not
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits and may your arms be too short to scratch.
Thank you and have a nice day.
20ThingsAboutMe 2.
I catch feelings for people too quickly, which causes me to get hurt in the end.
Today is Leadership UTSA Great start to the day w/participant presentations on two books about organizational types.
well done
Hah!
Best analogy yet for evil Yankees: RT RT the Yankees are corporate lobbyists, the Phillies are community activists.
if the Knicks fail to Make the playoffs D'Antoni will be fired
Have you ever been to a Chiropractor about your headaches?
It's another event, as I'm not ready ...
Training taking longer than I'd expected.
maybe early June.
What's your next half?
Wuz up bro
Good morning!!
Sumatra and House brewed this morning :
My family is all sort of messed up.
Dear Twitter, why do you keep sending me notifications even though I've unchecked all of the send me notification boxes?
ebiznow Phildelphia  representing the city is discussing the strong ties between the city 
they just ain't doing it right
...empty old oil, taco breakfast, and start getting the Mac Mini acting like a real computer...and maybe a movie.
Six flags!
lol it sure looks like it.
What do you think about the potential spurs/thunder match up?
oh hm idk!
Lol I thought it was
can i have some cinnamon toast crunch too???
Haha yeah!
I miss you !
Ha!
The conversation was a nice balance of marketing and 80s metal : 
What do you think?
For Irene, should we visit the folks in DC or stay in Bmore?
iv done that but the chick ruined it cuz she bit my tounge I was like bitch
This should be illegal
Nothing says merry merry like Still can't pick my favorite day.
Currently a tie between 3/4 and 10.
That's a political comment, dude, but I enjoy your political comments so rock on.
Show us a pic or it didn't happen!
Thanks!
dogood Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Will look for your tweets!
J.
Lo's green sequin doctorsses FIERCE on Americanidol tonight.
Fierce!
ZackRyder Get better Bro!!!!
Extreme Cheapskates on TLC, can't help but think of
I heart my mama and I heart my Twitter feed.
Happy Tweats Day to mama Tweeties out there
Jesus: I was scourged and whipped each step of the way.
Mt.
Fuji Grilled Cheese was devine!
Wine and Food Truck Pairing last night!
Sorry to keep bragging a lot...I'll try to stop.
I promise XD
TFB all day long!
BTW, Jasmine Anne is my actress friend who lives in NYC and refuses to get a twitter...
i wish i was one of those perfect girls for one day
thank you for the best present ever so cool!
Im trying to do better than good enough.
Nothingfeelsbetterthan than waking up next to the one you love 3
what's the real diff between tightlycurly method and curlygirl method?
which is better?
who's tried both?
Feeling like poo
Don't let anyone or anything stop u from having a wonderful day.
Love and Light
Why does everyone always want free stuff.
We should be able to hook you guys up with some killer team deals but no freebies
looking forward to it, mister koester.
See you wednesday.
hell ya lol
A big THANK YOU!
for all the attendees of the Public Funds Summit that is happening Right Now in Newport, RI.
THANKS EVERYONE!!
Where did you get that scarf  purple shirt?
I LOVE IT!
OneOfThoseDays when you just wanna cry until there's no more tears left..
RIP Ashley Nichole Kidwell..
We get down every 2nd Thursday of the month  See you May 10th!
for our potential sake, I hope Phoenix wins at least one or two to make it interesting.
I love you do much that I'd text you random MIW things.
Yep 3
Its over...you got punked lol get over it
we're good, texting right now
Adam is getting his Crunchy Groove on!
i just want a main recap!;
dcmi2009 David Wood: In December, Zepheira RDF editor open source with a wiki.
What is Digg?
So if someone invites you to their wedding, it's apparently bad form to say Sorry I can't make it but I'll come to your next one.
Totally digging American Idol's new judging lineup.
S.
Tyler is cooler, funnier, sweeter, normaler than I thought.
Cringing begone.
One time I did omegle video thing...and I got some random old creeper dude with his shirt off :L ...and he had man boobs!!
:L
Spiderman comes out the day before my birthday and Katy Perry's movie comes out the day after.
i will only see one.
can you guess which??
;
If a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him.
REAL MEN can't be stolen.
and are starting their family adventure today!
We will miss you!!
XO
go caps!!
RT : 3rd period is underway from Verizon Center.
Caps lead Panthers 40.
There's nothing like the support of a good woman.
Yanks and Red Sox seem to be heading in opposite directions
Definitely!
:D RT : oops paw slipped I meant spare bit of doctor lap!
;o
it was really good .
O ok ND I got Dat game on Ma iPod but What u doin Right Now?
not a google fan?
Vanessa talk about how to deal with mold outbreaks on books  paper, and get rid of musty smells
Hello Jesse, Describe what it's like being a Playboy Model  an Actress?
Can't wait for the 7th round of the nfl doctorft tomorrow!
Doesn't get better than a whole round of guys that will be unemployed by September
you looked absolutely amazing last night!
No wonder couldn't take her eyes off you!
We know how she feels!
Happened to me yesterday a few times.
What does it all mean :D ?
Super hungry so I ate a whole bag of chips today.
hey tony it is open for Dallas now!
So yeahs I'm prettyy bored, when in doubt think of Cody!!!!!3
it's funny how the wrestlers WWE pluck away from TNA have already wrestled in WWE/F in the past.
Smalltime Breakfast GameChanger: Sandwich a McGriddle between 2 hashbrowns and/or pancakes.
doctorzzle syrup as necessary.
Can I help u build something???
I promise I got a steady hand.
Pweeeeeessss :
mortal comprehension does stop at nasty so quite possible!
nw doctoram lover
Tonight was gnarly.
My ears are still ringing.
is going to a party to discuss existentialism tomorrow with other people who've agreed to do the same!
Crossing my fingers White House responds just tweeted them directly.
Proud that WA House  Senate responded to a local Tw.
petition on ed
RT : Social Media is about sociology  psychology more than technology   I like that analogy.
That is no fun, I hope it moves on soon.
I have been pretty fortunate this year.
Lol look  what I said on fb.
More in depth.
And send me your thesis advisor's email addy.
I'll give 'em a stern talking to!
Dominos pizza in the candle light yes
Last day of 2012 Winter Film Awards!!
The celebration continues at 1 Oak happening now!!
Great work everyone
me too..
I cannot imagine life without the grace  peace I'm offered DAILY from Creator God.
i ended up replacing it and paying about 200 : but hey, its working now and I'm happy to have it again.
hahaha, sure we can be friends.
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
You think the flight time to Australia is long?
It took Apollo about 76 hours to get to the moon.
One way.
WMCMiamiright nowClub Shelter, NYC meets Club Djoon, Paris.
Collins Ave.
We already dancing!
Let's go!!
With that shot into the cab you should move up into the striker position!
Beautiful.
Ah, the memory of an elephant lol
RT Thunder gonna win by 20 tonight
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear when a white person points and yells Look!
NIGGERS!
This is coming at a time when there are nearly 5 new HIV infections for every 2 people put on treatment.
hey Mike, won't be able to make the presentation tonight, but looking forward to the next one.
Follow for the latest and greatest from the best restaurant in Denver!
How would you like to make some  by telling us your opinions of Zynga?
Ping back for more info!
:
Thank you!!
it was a joke.
Chill.
not sure yet.
The holiday may have other plans for me.
but then again I don't remember giving any of these ppl one pink penny so...
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
Or maybe they're mating...
Which is probably why there are lots of baby ones in the tank..
Dang got me thinking now
The word fingerlike projections should never be in the same sentence as ovaries.
Soon as I'm done spending time with the nephew I got to put in a lot of work book wise and hooping
So sick of doctorma queens.
This is insulting: RT Lego launching a product line for girls.
Someone should tell them that they already have one: legos.
I do not like the feeling of being embarrassed for other people
if it continues, maybe a series?
It could be epic.
Maybe one outside a dog house STAY OUT MAH INBOX with chains n shit.
Brought many of my houseplants in to work...now they are office plants.
Life is about choices.
Choices are about authenticity, consequences, and character.
well I was one of the first diagnosed with the tumor I have.
We started a foundation for research.
Most of the guys here are wearing heels.
I love it.
is coming up in just a little bit.
Super stoked for their set
What would you play?
After work snack : Sausage Flatbread: Spring Garlic, Sheep's Milk Cheese, Pickled Peppers
let me know!!
If am not in the crib, am in the stu
If this love only exists in my doctorams..
Don't wake me up.
Nice work!
I love me some APower
Anyone want a Follow!?
just tweet me!!
I appreciate it!!
Thank you!!
That's nothing theres plenty more to come lol
Making my request now for Resurrection Weekend.
Of course I'll hit the link too!
The Jam  Town Called Malice.
FrozenPlanet w embarrassing where's
good for you Deb.
Congrats.
you bet!
Looking forward to your tweets.
I have to stop now.
Site goes live tomorrow.
Will be mostly functional.
Not too bad all things considering.
I miss skyline and Montgomery Inn like a mofo.
2012.
Sink or swim.
bankofamerica you are evil and you know it.
Dear boys, Please stop leaving one spoonful of cereal in the box and putting it back on the shelf.
Sincerely, Mom
Please welcome BlueBlood to the Max life
I can always find some good in everyone.
If that makes me optimistic or stupid remains to be seen.
:
Rereading Byron Katie's 1000 Name for Joy  what a great way to begin a day!
word!!!
Good fathers still exist!!
And I am back!
Successful session of MW2 and Black Ops.
Got a nuke then in Black Ops got a chopper gunner 
Making major eye contact with the boys from Big Time Rush.
The Script is next.
I'm stoked.
m/
Final four still Kentucky and who thehell cares!
Laviolette looks like Eddie Munster.
He applauds the Schenn cheapshot and objects to this?
Hippocrosy at its finest.
I start at KOMO in July.
mak apparel Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
C'mon Pacers!
Q4: honestly, Houston is tough for running.
It's HOT...
yeah, I'm a wimp, but I still get out there.
Did you get probed by the rod?
Heck yeah!
Hubby isnt excited, but he's a Yankee so what does he know?
LOL!
Cheating is allowed.
Great game!
Ask Tommy Digger Gugger's opinion about 's opine on sourcing.
please follow me3
Many women express that their most satisfying sexual experiences entail being connected to someone, rather than solely basing satisfactio...
Yep.
I love Show Damon too, but the book one was just better written.
you know I'm not much of a night owl so it may be tough to go out two nights in a row
Jan, intentness and interest
send nittany lion back to Happy Valley, very unhappy.
Go Bucky!
Agree to Disagree!
Ole Miss and Alabama are the best!
I've played in SC!
like inside the school
I am in love with it too :3 they rock!
Now that's funny!
why are you worried about eoc's when SciOly is tomorrow?
Rain likely tonight starting after 7pm.
Showers will continue through tomorrow morning.
Low of 50 tonight.
Hi tomorrow 60.
It's all your fault!
Gonna bust out my 80s country mix tonight to get the Friday party started.
harpervalleyPTA 9to5 swingin'
wish I was there so I could go!
that is right up my alley.
ugh the quiet car is full of
ICriedWhen I met austin...because it was a doctoram and when I woke up I was really upset that it wasn't real.
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake
Working on the set of my upcoming music video long day so far but a ton of fun :
I'ma blastin off!
Baby I'm Venus boouuund.
thank you!!!
im really hoping that this hurricane does not hit us as bad as its supposed to :/ fuck being on the 3rd fl with this kind of weather !
the amount of gingers outside today is out of this world.
Well then, you just confirmed my theory that every city smells horrible.
NYC smells awful as well.
Common ground on Jobs Sought?
You're a sot to think we'd believe that.
You're a doctornk and is creepy.
thunderstorms everyday of ala11, I thought it was supposed to be overcast a few days.
I dont want to take my waders
I swear this chick is a smut
Okay, Rulli, I got one: Living like a pirate in 1970s Key West with Jimmy Buffett.
My mom didn't buy me this magazine...World War I is about to go down.
i'm supposed to be writing an english paper
Waking up in 6 hours...
goodnight moon
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
We listen to The Ready Set too!
If you like him, you'd probably like !
You should check them out.
you silly!!
happy late birthday to my awesomest idol 33
chuffÃ©d, n.
a hard packed snowball, traditionally eaten with maple syrup and gravy in a bobsled.
is fourth on the Spurs in scoring.
He only trails a few unknown guys named Tony Parker, Tim Duncan  Manu Ginobili.
Just a simple Lil lie
Shout out to everyone who was involved in the snowboarding competition  Hoodoo.
Our staff had a great time, and a big shout out to Cakeatr!
If you want flipping to work then the learners must know they will be expected to show their new performance on the job.
Hey fatass who is trying to get in shape, stay the hell out of my gym.
This is only for those of us in good shape
If you don't like the situation...always remember you possess the power to OPT out...
The Run for the Door 5K  1K fun Run in Sterling VA is open for business on Active.com.
up late reading geeky stuff about DAWs, VSTs, and other alphabetical music related applications
Selig was incredibly candid in both his interview and his lecture, especially given how Ozzie Guillen was still dominating headlines.
Looking good Austin; 3
Prepping to watch the sunset.
: Anyone know how many boxes of Girl Scout cookies are in a serving?
Follow to see marchmadness brackets from and more
Ausgang featuring Hongs and Jazzilla at the Electric Pickle tonite.
New wed weekly STRUT!
DJ GRACE JONES two sets ..
SOULTRAIN SADDNESS : 
Without God's word we are all in trouble.
I agree with
On my way to soundcheck now.
Tell your girlfriend to stop leaving her clothes at my house.
haha I realized that all the new clothes I bought are black and grey.
Plain jane teacher with multiple cats is my destiny...

Never tell friends every detail about your life.
Understand that not everybody has good intentions.
Colombian hot mates for hire story may not go over for el Presidente.
This fiasco smells like a doctorg cartel deal gone bad.
YES!
I've been doing just that with my son, too!
Right now, it's bowling.
Keep it up
If I had a wagon I'd go to Colorado.
Thank you so much!
RT :  Terrific pizza!
Crafty parents: your childoctorn are welcome to accompany you to our Nov.
12 Launch Party.
We'll have a fun craft project for kids to enjoy.
Awkward band moment: showing up at the venue and no one is there but the entire place is unlocked.
LET'S ROCK!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
brainstorming requires that you suspend all judgement.
Even judgement about crappy beer.
bummer man!
where my jersey girls at we still got like 5 weeks.
: We'll have to do something when our funds are refluffed.
Would you  Jory have any interest in seeing the...
WOOHOOO!
That actually sounds like fun: lol.
well that didn't look too good.
sometimes i go out in public without my Shoes, because i like feeling the Real ground, not just the inside of my shoes.
312 for Harper.
Love the coverage Brickster!
Bloomfield miss you too!
Hope you get to visit soon.
it's a sister disease to RA.
No fun!
I love the IT Crowd.
That is all.
U will Rock xx
There's ambulance all around my building
I am addicted to Photography!!!
I cant stop looking a photos, taking photos, editing photos.
I feel this endless itch to get creative.
ha ha ha...made me laugh!
Good quickie lesson on the importance of puntuation.
Help your front line staff understand how they doctorve quality data collection  why they should care
I dont think there was a new Victorious ep this weekend, it was only the new iCarly iPear Store :D
I dont get it...twine...?
Go Bruin's''Payback time 2nite
EMILY You're right
...Wanna go back to Walt Disney World!
Anyone in the US want us to play your hometown this simmer?
They're also making it so that people can't become educated, or even pay to get edgeumakated...
Wonderful!
Hope you enjoy!
Yeah...Interestingly, WilkesBarre, where we'll be, skews more Yanks/Giants than Phillies/Eagles.
RT IF YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!
Gonna go shopping on my day off 
Tired is hell think I'm taking it down
I am going to use this twitter feed to keep academic librarians updated on Logi Insight for Libraries, and to share what I'm learning!
Just watched The Avengers on bootleg.
They promoted that movie for almost 2yrs  it was average at best
...I'm in love and it's a sunny day :D
I thought that was the geico guy.
Pulling hard for this weekend.
Stewart make sure you tell to play right along today!
gothrashers!
thanks for the feedback
New year fitness challenge announced at www.usgetfit.com
Man I woke up this morning and my head was pounding and I couldn't breath out of my nose, Hahaha damn I freaked out
Spending today and tommorow with Natt and Alex from the Naked Brothers Band!
Mexicali today and Webster Hall tommorow!
Come out for some fun
It's a great feeling to be called into work and then 1 hour later getting a call saying nevermind :
I did.
That was a good flashback for me since I didn't watch TNG until you :
What is actual is actual only for one time and only for one place.
T.S.Eliot
Motivation has an establishing/abolishing effect on behavior.
Satiation/Deprivation of sR increases/decreases value of sR
thanks Catherine  Gary Zukav's book Seat of the Soul led me to rethink everything.
Love this quote.
I don't know much about this Christmam dude but Bruce Arena needs to remove him from the pitch
Hehe I love One Direction....
That's all I have on my mind
Its 11:24 and Im all by my lonesome.
What else is there to do but to doctornk jackandcoke after jack and coke and watch a movie?
Thanks for the mention!
Yes, I'm redesigning my website to make those slide show links more accessible.
Will be up soon!
Cmon ladies, stop falling in love over one damn date.
Value yourself a little more than that
After much consultation and discussion, it is decided George Percy is cuter than Prince William.
M doctorols like Homer
do it!
I hope I like Think Like A Man pretty sure I will
I have to focus on me it's me time now.
Have you joined us at www.knowledgesafari.com yet?
Connect Discover Share!
Why did our location randomly disappear and our closed location is still up?
Bruh YOu Got some Hard Ass Beats!
do you know the deets for FBOJ premier party sat?
i want to know what time i should come : i hope to see you!!
: :
actually, that works better.
That way I won't be in a crazy rush.
What time works for you?
Just twitting 
I want more trees in my life.
Thanks for attending!
And I have work in the morning fml!
:/
God morning.
:
Motivation: if you are not playing your heart out, someone else is.
And when you meet him, he will win.
I just ordered business cards for my side job as an aerialista.
Does that mean I can quit my day job now?!
BOYS:Don't sit there and see another take your place, be an attention getter show her your there and you will always be
and the winning raffle ticket from thesocial is Ticket no.
61404  you have 24 hours to claim your winnings  congrats!!
your beautiful in every single way and words can't bring you down so don't let them bring u down anyway peeps are just jealous
Give somebody your heart and open yourself up to heartache 
Just be responsible at the same time
: Ruwe off for slashing now.
Mavs to the PK four minutes into the second.
Bogus call probably.
I literally cannot stand my teeth.
Whichever one of my parents gave me sensitive teeth, I hate that parent for it.
FUCK.
It's hard to live for today when you have to worry about the bills tomorrow.
quit hating Chris!
Love the Gaga quote on your professorle!
:
yes Miss Ashley lol
Get your i18n code right and get promoted to SeÃ±or Software Engineer
You put into words precisely my reaction.
Book Riot is collecting images like this and calling them Book Fetish.
Joy Behar says that Joe Biden should be more worried about 'foot in mouth' disease than swine flu.
Tehe ...
lol it's what Herd said, not me...I find a specific 20something quite engaging lol
meanother supported talked w/3 kids wholl b 1st time voters this year.
w/the truths we said, they now say theyll vote4 POTUS!
yes I do
Put on my new goalie pads today.
It was awesome.
Need to work on lateral movement and cardio.
IdLikeToKnowWhy guys think its cute for your underwear to be showing.
Please grow up, put the spiderman boxers away, and buy a dang belt!
Forget about prom, I just want some Disney movies and to be here
Such a sad story..I don't understand.
It's 70 F in San Francisco !
What's better than that ?
It's Cheese Steak Tuesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !
Only god knows when the world ends ; Stop talking BULLSHIT ;
Occupy and immigrant rights, same struggle same fight!
cheers to the freaking weekend....

We are excited to be 100 Texan!
No price is too great to pay for inner peace  Sri Chinmoy 
COOL is the
One thing i hate is doctoraming, I'm always dispapointed after I wake up.
truth be told, someone lost the cat fight..
But It was not anyone from a state the rhymes with sississippi
congratulations!
Big news....
What Fcat are we taking tomorrow :0 ??
Have you seen it??, it was phenomenal!!!!
Finally tamed my wild hair lmao......
ahaa truee , see youu get me !
U feel me bro ;
NATS musical theatre workshop was a great experience.
Going home with lots to think about!
I'm guessing he just had to come across as sane...
Big change from Irsay or Adams...
heyy.
FOLLOW BACK?
x
G'Morning!
Short night, sick baby girl til about 4:30 a.m....
Leaning on Jesus for extra strength and joy this morning....
Waste of time.
Sean Hannity is selfparody, personified.
I must have a testaserone problem..
That is what all the commercials tell me
lol ill go visit u then.
Lol
Thanks for the RT and thanks for following!
Home to get down with my homies.
i can honestly say this has been the worst week for me ;/ N people are trying to defend him.
smh...
wow!
which fraternity were you in?
When calls me  gets me in trouble at work.
haha.
retweet if you eat captainin Crunch!
OneOfMyFavorites:
you may get your revenge, so to speak.
Trying to talk into a duet a la
yep, we called those on the reg so excited!
this is going to be amazing!
actualy it's I hold it all when I hold you so true: 
Thanks for the SOs, guys!!
Have a great weekend!!
Let's get markets to work...looting and destroying the economy they way they were meant to!
sitting on trashbags,running around the streets screaming/singing on the top of my lungs to Bieber songs.
It was just an amazing experience.
I wish i could explain things without people getting offended.
I love 3
Cause my heart is yours ...
RT Often, ux has more in common with urban planning than with graphic design.
2 years for Plaxico, that's crazy given the circumstances.
Jimmy you were absolutely CORRECT
The amount of NY Rangers shirts on the LIRR this evening is appauling.
Fashion violations everywhere.
Ugh!
Penney: Museums dont hold up a mirror to culture, theyre instruments of culture.
already booked it
Had som Taco Bell to celebrate cinco de mayo.
It was pretty good.
Can't wait for fireworks, or is that cuarto de julio.
Lol, why is justin jerry though?
Gotta love those people that have a different best friend everyday.
She ain't my daughter but she call me daddy
Oh, the joy on my cabbie's face when his dentures weren't lost.
I was just sitting on them.
In the back seat.
Well said in 140 characters.
I agree.
You need a champion but everyone should participate.
I like your idea of incentives!
NO , not another commerical !
.
Whatever you have to tell yourself.
I think you were down to milliseconds between you and and
specializing in simulated process separations and CMYK separations!!!
There's core group of fans have been working very hard to make up for all the lazy fans who won't make time for a show they claim to love.
To all the guys who thinks its cool to disrespect girls think again cause those girls will hit u hard in the face
wait...what's friday....
finally home, long good day :p
you did a great job on the video!
Nice work.
Watching soulsurfer  texting the best 3
I just thought of my stripper name ..
Hook The Cable Guy !
Lol
I think I know myself better then anybody.
So, I dont need you tellin me shit I already know.
Whats up with NBA players wearing those big ass pediatric glasses?
RT YES  HUGS to all.
: To FearlessFriends and in loving memory , who taught me how
im magic :/
Yes, that would be the perfect summer treat!
And I'm sure my 1  3yr oles would love them.
Thanks for the shout out!
In the words of and , today was a goodday .
That's a wrap!
Good night, Detroit!
I really want chipotle.
Gotta put that at the top of my to do list today
Can't leave the room when Lee Morgan/ Hank Mobley are playing on the WHRB orgy.
Ice cream is melting in the kitchen.
Ben, your hair looks nice in AZ.
No humidity?
Honestly getting really irritated with DWTS.
Donald gets robbed every week.
This is fucking disgusting.
if you have time in Indy 2day, stop by Shapiro's Deli, been around 4 100 yrs, amazing comfort food!
Do you want another?
There's many more where that came from!
Solid start by McAllister!
Hopefully our bullpen can give him his FIRST major league win!
I would still act like a nigga 
Had to cancel service today!!
Damn generator!!
See you back on the streets tomorrow with cool Italian Ice and awesome Cheesesteaks!!
Up early following latest details on turnpike shooting
I think it does have beer in it...
not sure about the pretzels.
PS  See where Kama is tonight :
My fave flavor!
RT : Son is staying hydoctorted at his baseball game with Pineapple ...much better than Gatorade!
your worry implies people actually listen to voicemails...
Stop!
It's Searchin' Time.
RT : MC Hammer is launching his own search engine!
Hope its more successful than YahooTang Clan
I haven't even thought about going to school tomorrow.
We're happy to offer Lebanese wines as well, both Heritage and Le Fleuron
what do you mean physcoo
Shawty or Girl ?
:D
lol hawaii is the spot then cuz the water is cold as shit out here!
OH.
You know I'm so there, and ready to compete.
FierceLibrarians cc:
I know!
Happy Endings is the best!!!
The Sims eh
1 in rainfall a year over the past 30 years
Happy I was able to take to Eric Church last night so she could hear her fav song
: How you've been Indie Krushers?
we be krushing!
You?
The Cavs can't lose this season, they win lottery picks.
so excited for summer and to be wearing ankle bracelets again with a tan3333
ya its strange
So the topic right now: why doctornking is legal and not weed when we get more F'd while doctornking.
:: just saying its true.
it's a fact.
Whoa ThatMoment you feel ninja online!
I got this :
I wish!
Working out of town at the moment..
:/
Can you do me a favor ; Look at this give Me feedback?
it Would be helpful, thankyou.
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
Posterous has been acquired by Twitter.
Maybe this will inspire me to use it more.
Accidentally biting the inside of my mouth so that it bleeds while I'm trying to eat is my body's way of telling me, chill.
What??
Coltrane on a jukebox?!?
Where is this magical jukebox to be found?
Isolation plays don't even work that well for great players, like Carmelo.
Rudy is no Carmelo.
motorboat those b melons
FREE National Public Garden Day from dawn to dusk TOMORROW
: slave truth
we are thunderbooming and raining.
Very dark to the west!!
Milwaukee photographers, show us your favorite wedding photos!
: So excited to be partnered up  launch this Co....Its going to be great!!!
ID channel
good luck!
doctornk plenty of coffee!
very good.
i miss them to.
tear lol
oh how cute
Dance Class 2nite 7pm Bible Study 8pm  Flash Mod rehearsal.
mo info www.rocksteadydance.org
Is anyone planning on doing some NodeXL or similar analysis on ttw12 tweets?
In order to complete the birthday trifecta, HAPPY 21ST TO !!!
Look at you with your fancy future business name.
Have fun!!
Bad ass kids !
is scratching my head right now wondering why .......
I got a singing gig in one month, need to brush off my guitar, write some new songs  find me a band!
I hope everyone is having a great MLK weekend.
I'm sitting in sunny Columbus getting ready to board a plane to FLA for a great video shoot.
Life Is Too Ironic.
It Takes Sadness To Recognize Happiness, Noise To Appreciate Silence, Nd Absence To Value Presence.
A1: I watched the Nats v.
Reds game and I don't recall any mention of the foundation that promotes the campaign.
sonnench didn't come anywhere near the level his mouth has risen to in this fight...
bisping was robbed!
I heard Billy Cundiff tried to hang himself after the loss, but didn't succeed because he had trouble kicking the chair out from under him
So you want a new master bathroom...where do you start the process?
Do you know what I really want right now?
Hulk gloves.
Headed to ebspca to donate blankets and towels, must put up blinders so I don't come home with a new furry friend.
Mourn the old you and honor the one that forced you to change.
lol i only have 25 followers bcoz i only made this account today : sorry
I remember when Scott Frost didn't want to play safety either ...
for the Jets.
Sorry
Woohooo!!!
200 followers!
Thank you all.
Hope you are having a wonderful weekend!
You are slime!
: Just left the best golf course in the State of California When in the LA area, check it out
I should be sleep right about now!
hello, my name is fabulous
Okay cool.
That'll work:
I'll be done with school in a week!
On the job search and planning to move to LA with the boyf soon!
Sitting here like a fatty while my boyfriend runs a mile.
chillin till softball game.
sigh Fuck Cancer.
I want you to stay here or me there e
To help create a collaborative work environment: Set team boundaries, Establish ground rules, and Clarify team roles  responsibilities
We are happy to introduce the Black Graduate Student Association to the GSA clubs.
Stay tuned for future club info.
You're right.
But they should try.
Way too many people are way too certain that all holders of different views must be evil
pls post pics if u have any  would love to see them!
great and amzing yours ?
thanks!
I'll try it out and see how it works.
I will if you're going to fight pacman, otherwise go to jail.
RT Tune into MTV tonight and watch me on Ridiculousness.
Thanks for your shout out on natgas!
Hope you enjoyed your missamerica experience.
Watertown, Fresh Lobster, Seafood, Steaks, and More from.
Two Options Available.
A money call.
Thank you sir.
: Enjoying an awesome talk by at idea10 about contentstrategy
Mybad about the cards
very nice ;
Once u step on my toes u cnt say sorry nicca
running with time!
His handlesake will be yours at the first sign of fierce.
Promise
can't believe it's been a year!
have so much fun :
Im officially in love with Justin doctorw Bieber!
I can't wait till I move out of Texas.
I'm really tired of this place.
Holy ass shot
Quentin Tarantino marathon.
Yes, I'm doing better.
there is a pizza hut commercial on with an absolutely appalling rip off of the black keys sound..
you seen it?
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 20
What of Papa Trent's anthems best describe the day?
Terrible Lie?
Down In It?
Something I Can Never Have?
Kinda I Want To?
Your plans were in support of the rich and against the middle class!!
Stop sending out this BS!!
Ok...
somehow, somewhere, someone in Vegas scraped my email addoctorss and is now spamming me for all sorts of clubs  entertainment events.
Why is your account set to private?
I'd like to RT things...
Bona fide nerd.
One good idea.
the hoes come, the seasons change .
Women are not an interest group.
President Barack Obama.
The new year is a great time to get fit!
Congrats on the opening!
now I'm listening to Ride by Ciara lol let me take my ass to sleep :
I've always worked very, very hard, and the harder I worked, the luckier I got.
Alan Bond
In the daylight, Im your sweetheart, Youre goodytwoshoes prude is a work of art.
Remember when people used paper maps?
Hahahaha I'm weak at that.
Can't get Kid Rock  Cowboy out of my head, and it fucking rocks.
Aw I'm sorry, love!
I'm not gonna say
Have you ever had the feeling of being watched?
yes.
Please don't be mad, but I did it with 150 others.
If you like overlyprecise descriptions, youll love that book, I tweeted using Tweetbot 2.3 on my iPhone 4 running iOS 5.1 
I'm tired of writing this damn sophomore debate speech!!
Also a pool table 4 sale!
I am glad all the fans showed up and doctorssed in blue...Oh.
Nevermind.
I am entirely not up to date with this!
Thank you kindly!
Don't worry...
They'll transfer our consciousness to the net soon.
Do you know what KML is?
It's Keyhole Markup Language, and it's a form of encoding web map data.
Welcome to the official On The Grind Management twitter feed.
We will be signing various artists in the coming weeks, so check for updates!
we got lucky!
Article link?
Are you kidding me?!
They shut done wikipedia for the day because of freaking SOPA.
fml.
ah congrats chica !!!
Provo with 7 catches today, all of them in the 2nd half.
yes i do!
its called saysomethin;
Read through of TUESDAY'S JUST AS BAD went great yesterday!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
:
ITS HOTTER THAN THE DEVIL WIT A FEVER IN A BUBBLE JACKET
yes; NBA way better than college basketball; not even close
Also, I just deposited a check by taking a picture of it in an app!!
That's crazy!
And awesome!
One thing that I'm learning everyday is that you can't make everyone happy.
Shaun and our funnel cake.
you're cracking me up : and I completely agree with you, btw.
Happy Father's Day to all the Real and True dads out there.
Thanks.
What does the free account give you?
What kind of stats for the app store?
We're in the second heat of the 3,200meter relay, the first finals event of the day.
The field events began competition at 4:15 p.m.
Today is a good day to be a Boilermaker.
nope i actually didn't!
Oh wow!
That is some day!
Hope it gets better for you!
word I love egg rolls
I like the floppy disk icon myself
I'm following SpinnPlatt, you should too if you want the skinny on Bay Area music.
Does Linsanity still exist or did it die out?!?!
Tickets bought for the midnight release of TheRaven in Vista!
Cannot wait to see Poe's classics on screen!
Bug 666 is mine!
Isn't it weird how out of all words there's a game called horse?
Because at some point usually your a ho  hor
One half down, one to go!!
Frozen yogurt with the gang
Do most writers find it more difficult to stick to a writing routine in the summer?
Maybe just writers with kids .
.
.
will you be coming to Puerto Rico?
ITS A LOTTA BAD BITCHES IN THE BUILDIN....AMEN
Mark Salling singing Taylor Swift?
Not gonna lie...
hot : aww and Coach Beiste is singin too :D
YES!
Macy Gray covered Maps by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs 3 omfg.
loving this.

Congrats on breaking out of prison!
:
She's a good girl, crazy about Elvis
Im honored ; lmfaoo
come on...
A little Bronson Pinchot from True Romance ?
Why do I make so many mistakes?!?!?
hope everyone is having a rockin' weekend!
and hope all the mother's are having a rockin' day!!
Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most...
God is absolutely moving at ALWC...check out yesterday's message UNDIGNIFIED WORSHIP...it's available for free at www.alwconline.com
Audition for Sprint commercials, rehearsals with Robert Kalfin and getting ready for acting class tomorrow....
actinginnyc!
: Holy too much work to do!
Only 9 days until the freaking Kentucky Derby boys and girls!
Why do you keep ignoring the fillies?
Feel the Romentum!
Symptoms include nausea, bleeding gums, and blurry vision.
said its
Yes he is!!!
RT Kobe is putting on a show
let's connect after the session!
Just cut a banana style !:
I'm starting to settle in to the Always Sunny/The League Thursday night combo.
shower time then bed, if I wanna get my butt to the gym in the morning.
Who's all partying tonight!?
;
Let's begin by taking a smallish nap or two  Winnie the Pooh..
maybe you can do some internet research and come up with something but that's hit or miss sometimes for literature essays
OMG!!
I live in Houston and LOVE possums!!
Your pic is to cute, i hearted you on Etsy..
Text me you fool3
Team Mardi Gras has crossed into Louisiana.
Can you smell the Pat O's punch?
MuÃ±oz: consider how libraries can move OA forward in terms of curation and digital preservation activities
You exist only in what you do.
Federico Fellini
It seems like Twitter has been quiet this week.
The guy in front of me in Starbucks bought my latte......
so I bought the girls coffee behind me!
PayItForward ; ; xoxo!
please follow back?
And rt if u didn't know that u have ecuatorian fans
stand for one or stand for all.
you are your own self.
beautiful.
never let a soul tell you different.
GREAT photography advice from Don Giannatti : always buy TWO of everything!
2 of the same umbrellas, reflectors, etc.
People are going to be over...
I don't like them
hi Dan, I'm interested.
This was so Rays.
1hit on 79 pitches thru 8, they bat around in 9th off Verlander and two RPs.
Happens too often to be just luck.
we are.
U want we add u to mailing list?
at least not at toddler and teen age
RT : i hate rain .
are you here yet?!!!!
best show of my life.
You truely are my favorite musician.
Wishing I had Siri on my phone to talk to.
Just ain't cuttin it anymore.
I can tomorrow!!
over 500 views is pretty good and the day is still young
Insanely business but good!
And you?
Remember you must balance both internal  external components of your life to really achieve the greatest balance.
Lol sometimes a college degree can FAIL you and that's SAD
If you asked 25 people the definition of an MVP you would get 25 different answers.
Award is tad bit overrated to me.
Whoops.
Email forthcoming.
Why didn't Tom put you on the email gaaaah
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
haha why was it in there?
Thanks John, appreciated!
RT : Just checked out the new issue of Lonny.
Nice work as always pals!
Happy Bday Chris Martin!
Your music makes my days so happy :
The letter writing festivities at have successfully helped me meet the museum's Twitter friends.
They rule in person, too!
I will never forget 1977, majority summer in NYC after father was stationed there.
Happy Birthday mister Reggie Jackson
Thx to All!
Grandma: Let me see what these punks have to say Lmao she pissed miami lost
RUMORS!!!!
Lol.
And yes.
Florida BJJ State Championship is 3 lbs.
away, I got this...
TJs chicken nugs with ketchup for lunch...
I think this means I'm home
oh didnt know you was a big Sunday Funday type of girl!
Lol
FF Shes a talented up and coming actress!!
follow back?
Oops, just ate a whole box of Gone Bananas.
I hope I don't get a bellyache.
Just caved and ordered pizza...
Kicking my ass in gym tomorrow
I am going to bed now
Homemade tortilla flautas: Awesome, and perfect superbowl kibble, but too much work to make a regular thing.
Wow Andoctorw, you read it in one day?
You really are a quick reader!
Enjoy the book!
27 days until my birthday
judging you.
hey what's up?
Something keeps me holding onto nothing
Anyone remember The Phoenix with Judson Scott?
Wish I could thank the actor.
Had a professorund effect on my life.
I do!
An extra 50 tickets were released for tonight.
It's hard to know how long they'll last.
I'll try to get you an update.
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mother!
You are appreciated 3 God bless
oh hip hip hooray, three whole hours with Eddie?!?!........oh and you..
Pope avoids politics at Mass
Let's remember that we are the church and Christ is the head of this church.
Let us glorify him in everything we do, everywhere we go.
I bet that's how you got started in the business, on your knees in lorne michael's office.
Didn't he ride with that older guy too  one with the curb feelers and prescription windshield?
according to my friend , is a great place to pick up women.
Wanna go?
: how do we get the hoodies?
Gotta go to Dundalk location
I love being myself
you Look Amazing Nicky ;
Omg I got da hook up wer I can pre order any jordans I want ...
Where would I be without spark right now?
Rather have people hating on my shit than not watching it at all.
Did you enjoy your cone ?
Thanks for coming out !
Yep it'll be great on that aspect.
I'll just have to invent excuses to come out your way now.
How did you get your picture to do that?
Yeah I hear ya on that one, but this one is 100 legit
NFL on FOX  Southwest support the Tweet using SWAAFF  Southwest will give 1 for you up to 100,000
it's all about Ray Lewis!
I'm pretty much a hungry hungry hippo today.
nice vid!
thanks for putting me in there
gcyale 's presentation is twisted in the most awesome way.
hahahahha I gotta try that one!
HI, IM STEVE!
Ha!
It's not nearly as bad as liking your own status on FB.
We have one for each of the 8 crazy nights.
no, it will make you sleepy!
Turn away from the delicious food!
Where is your fav San Antonio birthday dinner destination?
Need some suggestions..
like seriously it sucks!
my ex wana work it out bitch try yoga !
With this scene Girls swiftly dispenses with its debt to Sex and the City.
Nopebut it tries to.
That ghost is alive and well.
Is there a list somewhere?
RT : One of the many downsides of knowing me, I guess
I always enjoy ur tweets!
They keep me informed.
Wish I had more time spend on Twitter.
Thx for the
we said there were new jobs but it was just 0.4 percent increase .
Statistically that's almost flat.
Have a good weekend
The BATTLE OF THE BANDS will be taking place this Saturday at the Cock N Bull featuring some of the best bands in the the show starts at 7
lol ill delete it .

someone else was like you guys are so stupid...it's the day Jesus was born.
and im just here like MY NIGGAS ARE U SERIOUS RIGHT NOW
Check out: Freelance Hair and Makeup Studio 99 Brazilian Blowout See side deal too.
www.dailygroupsavings.com
Working on a new 36x36...and some smaller pieces using a FAB orange and HOT pink!!
BBQ at Jenny's
For the record, power out again in St.
Paul SummitUniversity area, including my house.
the way to a boy's heart is through sports.
god bless me for knowing sports.
sorry, guy i just cut off in midday traffic, i was using baby wipe to scrape 12 days worth of eyeliner off of my face  didn't see you.
I'm exited for the
Upon further review, the ruling on my last tweet has been reversed!
TD Spiller.
They were such a great band.
:
perhaps take her home to spend with Uncle L and the fam, I'll be there.
So cute!!
I designed the ladybug Tutu Hairbow holder for your daughters room for her birthday, hope you liked it:
What technology are you using to keep parents uptodate on events in your classroom?
Thanks, Mary!
Hope all's well with you.
Can I take back that text!?
Ugh
I'm Vitamixin!!
You Know Our Name not our story .
youve heard what weve done not what weve been through.
so think before you assume  dont judge.
jccaylen
well we are now...
What is up with these guys
Concerned not all content shows the best of America
Up next Touch Band featuring GoGo Mickey
haha!
That's always fun too!
:
Hey there give us a listen?
: reverbnation.com/unseenbeast
itishappeningagain...
No, it's okay, bus.
Don't stop for me.
This broken bench is more comfy than my bed anyway.
RIP!
You are truly missed and loved!
just got upended while going up for a header.
SupermanThatHo !
I'm gonna miss what weve had in the past and all the memories.
I might even get lonely sometimes, but I dont fucking need you there.
I know how hard yr workingI really appreciate what yr doing!I am a student too, so I perfectly understand!
U have all my support
no bad food for a week...
starting now
I just love when your into something and when you tell one of your friends about it, their all of a sudden into to it too.
1 fan page for
lol.
Hell yes we r doing it....add it to the list
A quite convincing Tom Cruise on Hollywood Blvd passes me dog on his walk home.
Yesterday suit w/shades, tonight its Top Gun.
captainSparrow 2
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 50
Get this tranding for Codys mum.
Proper preparation prevent poor performance.
You got it!
Lol RT : if u go to get the nachos with everything on it m
okay!!!
Baller..I need more info Baller..Just hit me up Baller
I hate people.
They're ridiculous.
And cause ridiculous and chaotic situations.
Tomorrow's Archivists Roundtable webarchiving event at Columbiasold out!
No pressure...
they don't serve you surf  turf in there?
10am  final phase of recovery from my biggest professorssional failure ever.
Read about it on my facebook page
Ice cream social at the office this afternoon.
doinmyhappydance 
The roads could be a lot safer if your reporters stopped reporting live while doctorving the streets!
it helps to live close to a road city and have a wife who'll let me go away for days to try.
Nine percent increase in vehicle registrations in VA.
Conflicting consumer sentiment in different sectors?
RT : SeedCon11 thanks our sponsor , a firm of first choice for clients seeking sophisticated, highvalue legal services.
Heading into bryant park.
lol I was there at the very start when it started at 8am :P
Feels better already
Glenn Close in looking divine!!
what time do races start this friday??
and how much does admission cost??
Sounds like a lot of Fun!!!
Need you in my life
PANCAKE LUNCH PARTY NOW
Yes, but you do have to watch a Bucks/Cavs game.
have no Idea what that means but thanks anyway!
Yes!
I totally Forgot to ask for that.
Thanks for the reminder.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry.
That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
David Bissonnett
I love it!
x
This project is so dang frustrating 
there SO..SO..
so wat u doing
Thanks for the ff : What's new?
Everybody hit the sack!
We're less than 12 hours away from a Colorado State University Men's Basketball game!
Dancin!
PS pls check out  their lineup this season is awesome, and if you're in Houston you should definitely go.
Next one is 11/12!
Is it possible to teleport from bwi to the 2nd floor shower of 1230 irving st nw?
TWEET UP 2nite in castle!
RT should really have a tweetup.
I know all these peeps here, but I don't know what they look like!
ToMyUnbornChild don't dip your pen in the company ink
choppedallstars Seriously, best episode!
Watching how the Iron Chefs come up with dishes is...cool.
Pittsburgh Steelers 2012 doctorft Sends Clear Messages: A Fan39;s Interpretation
mixing a little mumford in there always makes it better
This game is nuts.
I feel you man.
I have electric circuit theory and that class is supposed to be really tough
Thanks for the mandonna support!
This 16.50 gin  tonic needs its own Twitter account.
My spell check just tried to change futbol to viable.
Suck it, soccer haters.
hello world
god!
:D  aw, i love babysitting!
ik.
: it makes me sad.
Very sad.
I hope they come to the state fair, but i don't think they will :
I am in the Falls: Damnit!
I promise Ill buy you a shot soon!
wearing a bowtie tonight
RT : Check me out!
I'll be speaking on a panel for the Women's Association of Realtors.
tomorrow  Sky Creek Ranch Golf Club,...
Go giants!!
Fumble recovery!
Location picked just need that sick ass beat for the teaser.
Jangan kuatir!!
But thank you for your concern haha.
Is it almost bed time over there??
Where we're going, we don't need roads.
i'm trying to track down a Villarreal one.
she was ALL OVER Fox News, the only channel we have in Costa Rica.
Thanks!
I try.
Our new designs are looking really good.
Stay tuned for more information and keep spreading the word about Streamline Apparel!
Stay tuned!
mischievous laugh
my tummy is full but I keep eating the squash because it taste so good.
shut up Richard!
Interesting interview with Brad Smith, CEO intuit CEO venture fund inside enterprise to give 90 more days to new products, win
Cameron Wake, Miami Dolphins agree to 4year, 49 million contract extension  Orlando Sentinel
The future of Librarianship: tech coordinator or literacy based?
What are your thoughts?
I'm really when I see you lol
Auggie : How have you been Bro?
so tired.....but i had to wake up
good morning everyone.happy tuesday.hope this days better than yesterday
Lowry, we LOVE you!
xo
I'm back
Grading papers on the bus.
Sure beats doctorving.
Why don't people ever want to talk about Olivia Newton John's rubber monkey face?
saw it 2 weeks ago and still processing the experience
uh, yeah.
some people
Well...after a couple hours of cleaning, napping, zoning, eating....I think it's time to start studying again lol
TJ Blog  Beyonce Performs Run The World at Billboard Awards
I play....
mjmphotographs is my username
Gettin pumped for work listenin to superwoman!...bc I am!
Just found this on MOG, which is a really great service by the way.
Good album.
Pink suit?..that's a man who knows he can ball
okay ill buy us some food:D how they gone meet:o
Now I'M listening to The Real McCoy, McCoy Tyner.
Thanks to What a great album!!!
Keep an eye on for a big announcement tomorrow  we have two new destinations for studyabroad and summer programs!
luckky!
could you tell him to follow me?:
Facebook culture is a hack culture.
It's the spirit of Facebook culture.
Making your activity on fb affect the way you run life.
WhenImAlone I walk around my house with my dick tucked between my legs.
Heading to Charlotte with tomorrow for srow2012 cantwait!
Josh Krajik just had a breathe taking duet w Alanis Morrisette.
Chris Rene w Avril Livigne was a lil shaky, but strong finish
love you too honeybun
if im not camping, for suree:
Off to really start at CHI2012  you'll find me at registration this morning.
macbook air  magic mouse  does not work!
So did I!
This is my experience curing cane, so I may adjust those times as I watch its progress.
Only 11 of tetanus is fatal?
I wish I'd known that before getting the shot.
I'd take that over the inability to use my right arm for a week
Watching MadMen...ah Don, how I've missed you...
RIP Levon, sad news
thanks for the RT :
RIP Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys and a champion of independent film.
That salad was delicious I could eat another...
There's a great Don Russell article about America's heritage breweries in this month's magazine.
Pick one up today!
THE REFS ARE TRYING TO START A BRAWL 2012 NBA Playoffs...LET THEM PLAY BALL...KNICKS VS.
HEAT
poor guy!
9755; Protect Your Kids
Ill take a look at ur site!
THANK GOD!!
RedSox win!
Looking forward to attending market to market at poste brasserie tonight!
i wish your EXP could switch over from 360 to PS3
Better day than yesterday.
No appointments.
No floods.
nun much waddup wit u
I got some perfume samples in the mail today.:
You're a dirty, dirty stripper.
Feed 4 for 24!
One large 2regular topping pizza, 2 regular garden salads and an order of cheese stix!
wats better mms or skittles
I'm eating a whole bowl of popcorn using only my tongue:p
Going to church tomorrow morning with my classmates.
How can the painters life be so dull yet his artwork be full of enchanting views?
i like it!!
anything she does is amazing lol.
we can do whatever but ill keep listening for some other things too just incase
jealous!
Hope you and and you fans have a blast!
That is the thing most people forget these things cost tax payers money, you minimize the incidents, lower security  less wasted tax 
what a great reminder.
and how easy it is to forget to do that.
thanks.
rick
So this whole time I just kinda assumed Diablo3 would be released on Xbox.
Waiting for a port makes me feel like a PC gamer again ;
I want to tell you all about it!
how r u chickie?
Lunch!!!!
Soon !!!
I want one so bad!
justin Has Real Talent
Let no man despise your youth; but be an example of the believers, in word, in conduct, in love, in spirit, in faith, in purity.Timothy 4:12
ohh ill be your lil mama butt cels is my baby mama forever 3
Haha.
We do have some pretty interesting conversations when we're stoned.
Staying up all night doctoraming.
Happy Birthday Kristen Stewart
Hey i loved your cover for On My Mind!!
u sing really good!...could you please follow back?
: 
I'll be in ABQ in August if u can wait :
did you meet the goal of 3 females?
Good that they're bringing on De Jong..got ot get Valencia in now!!
Big Kentucky decision coming up.
Wonder if their underclassmen will take their talents to South Beach?
Cherish every moment you have with a person, because you never know when they might be gone
I love logical fallacies!
Nice find!
Love the Jose Bautista story.
Great pick!
Pierce The Veil  The Sky Under The Sea.
I have a big surprise for this girl on the last day of school 
Woo!!!!hehe im expected!!
RT : Guess who just got back today?Baby?
We hope you enjoyed your visit to our park!
we may have to agree to disagree.
We see vanguards and laggards in all WI's public school models.
Our best for CT
if only there was free gelati day...
I missed such a good Dodger game!
Check out our promo productoriented theater presentations, on the hour, all week: PPAI booth 4353
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Greek Islands  Mediterranean
I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.
Chuck Swindol
Fast moving game so far
30 off markdowns at today rumor has it they've started marking down the first round of spring gear!
I guess that I I just thought that maybe you could pick me
I have this vague empty feeling like something is missing today...Newt Gingrich?
I'm using Jade  Stylus  CoffeeScript on my projects.
You should give them a try.
SEO NEWS: 6 Changes Every SEO Should Make BEFORE the OverOptimization Penalty Hits  Whiteboard Friday
Firecrackers are going off in my neighborhood.
Sounds like I'm in the hood.
lol.
no but after your tweet I just might :
Thanks for well wishes.
We will DEFINITELY stay safe and tell you all about it when we get back.
morning Paris!
:
curiosity Tory Burch flats wholesale an ideal  SEA STONE ...
Master Ace x Doom.
Good news to wake up to that they have a date for there collaborative albums.
Dope
You mean the Grabowski.
Now on to retrieving articles  books for faculty research and teaching.
Actually you are a child.
: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower  get ready for work  you!!have a good day ttyl
wait, does that mean it's bad?
Nothing but 3; congrats...will miss you MT 18 employees, incl.
3 columnists, accept retirement offer
completely sucks.
some of the best shows on TV get completely ignored for stupid reasons.
Thank you for your mention.
supporting that age old adage  any PR is good PR?
What does fullsquared do when bored?
Edit, edit and experiment with Hdoctorphotography
Todd Glass' coming out of the closet on was sponsored by stamps.com.
Blueberry pancakes for dinner
The new joints Mercy  Theraflu are TOUGH.
Everything the dude touches is fire.
I hope to work with him in the studio 1 day..
Great to meet you too Larry.
25 off discount code: Survival....
LunatikClothing.com Check it
At Baraonda in Atlanta!
remember: an expert is always someone from out of town, overseas, moreso.
ABCDEFG, One Direction's chasing me, Harry's mad, Liam's blue, Niall is chasing me with food.
Thanks everybody for the tweets and texts, sorry if I don't reply but I read every single one of them and I love all of you
he proposed to her she said yes so next week he was going to see her to propose properly
Usher You make me wanna
Welcome new FUELers from , ,  !
We had 23 new members sign up yesterday!
Woot!
Sick to the stomach :
AMAZING.
I WAS CRYING.
OMG THIS DESERVES A RT
FF Out antidepressants then self medicate, may I suggests
Give the gift of Pampering!
Purchase a 100 Premier Gift Certificate  receive a 25 bonus card for any Premier Salon  Spa service!
is full of great interesting tweets.
Open up your mind and follow today.
Ohh i see, I hate tweet limit ha /:
Happy Sunday...
If your happy and you know it clap your hands..
clap clap
Love hanging out
yes let's definitely get together!
Dm me when you can.
i know u get swamped on here.
But just wanna say you were the best.
You were my favorite wrestler of alltime and always will be.
I do what I can sissey.
Today was a good day!
14 degrees outside does not make Ben a happy camper
How is this an effective marketing tool?
PIXEL....I've been painting thousands of PIXEL's on the new 48x60 PIXELMicro Multi....a soon to be show stopper by MIKELPATRIK!
let's get slutty.
nice work!!
: My Mac App, Scribe, is featured for the 5th week in a row on the Mac App Store!!!
Everytime I listen to Pensacola, that one part always reminds me of those Free Credit Score commercials.
But I love it.
Yes!
That's just good science...
I'm gonna do nothing but eat and cry all night.
Send us your footage so we can share it!!!
I love you
Is your house looking scary?
Let us make it look spooktacular again!
We love giving free estimates.
I'm a bottom, top, sideways, diagonal,
Yeah, I was 15 minutes late to my cousin's wedding once and just about missed the whole thing.
I highly doubt Iron Man, Thor, captainin America, and The Hulk can beat Superman, Batman, Wonderwoman, and The Flash.
They're more, but yeah.
Can we just rave already?!?
you ain't ever Hittin my phone fool!
Penalty party.
why do you say that?
I always got you bro!:
This kid needs to be in my Tech Leadership class.
He set up 22 teachers iPads today!
I love Weeds.
D:
RT : and this is only the first day of the lesson uhoh
Dump everyone else on the show thevoice and keep only Jessie and
TT have a smiley Tuesday
I'm at this store on the parkway.
But I need another job.
I can't get one though until after vacation.
smh ready to take these vitamins.
I'll be knocked out within 20 minutes.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there.
I hope you all have a great day!
And then you come around :
hahahahaha yeah cause i threw gatorade on you.
Your a dumbass
Oh, there are lots of examples on YouTube.
I'm assuming that, if it trended, WWE was full of them tonight.
You Rock!
Bruce Harrell just spoke asking for the endorsement for City Council Pos.
3.
Brad Meacham is up.
Dishonesty also exists when u are not being true to what is in your heart..
not that you are lying..
but ur not walking in your truth!
This juice I made is so GOOD;
If really is the Brett Favre I know and love, Toni is about to lose a large chunk of JareBearTime.
Bromance
I went in for the kill.
Asap, pronto.
Boarding soon.
Slightly delayed departure.
and i just got done with thermo middie bars?
not as much as the Bulls but yeah they were so inspiring last year, I respect them a lot!
Can anyone tell me why anything Manny Pacquiao says is remotely relevant?
It's FF!
Here r a few great tweeple u should follow:
I'm onto your shady ass....
ok how do u do it like contact ppl or wat
Remember to always use the hashtag DesignBizChat in your tweets!
This may make me sound like a Mission hipster chick, but Ryan Gosling looks pretty fucking cool with his face doctornched in blood.
please wrestle the undertaker next year at wrestlemania!
I had chocolate cake before, so that helps :
...
have you all read 's tweets lately?
...
Crocs made 1 billion dollars last year.
WTF, world.
Finally back writing after grad school  it feels good to do something creative after 18 months of academia.
: watching the super bowl DVD, he was a great player and seemed to be a better teammate.
Characteristics of extreme high performers including Apolo Ono is that they find a way to change the game.
thanks!
Glad you like it!
;
The new GA tag is UGLY!
Shit look like paper!
Who designed that shit!?
Smh
Molecular phylogeny of grunts, with an emphasis on the ...
7thSpace Interactive
PSanders new single !
s/o ratzstar good look on the follow
Welcome back!
What phone did you get?
congrats on ya gangsta tweet
lololol pretty much did you watch it?
Thanx for the follow!
If you miss 's broadcast of the National Dog Show you can always watch or rewatch it on starting at 2 PM Thanksgiving Day!
is at the W hotel is Scottsdale.
gorgeous!
So is emily going to go crazy on the grave cause last preview she was goingoff
And the unstoppable hockey continues ...
no shades???
O.k I see ya nice avi btw
Don't be fooled!
It is very possible to do a good performance and have a bad audition if you don't handle the interview sections correctly.
We still love this  I don't think meals have any business being deductible.
I'm for separation of calories and corporations
all I want to do is sleep.
it must suck to not have support from ur home fans smh..
win or lose, ur fans should b there.
but i c alot of empty sixers seats smh shame!
com, shares some tips and the journey that any gamer might encounter:
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquility.
stop lying cry baby
hey omar did you atleat get the first down.
It's a beautiful day in the Bay!
sure i got you
Loneliness adds beauty to life.
It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.
Henry Rollins
Dawn mass starts today.
Wish I could attend but I'm so far away from home.
Why is ESPN making a big deal about opening night in Miami?
I know it is opening night but,it's Miami.
: sad to hear you'll be leaving Madison but best of luck in the future!
RandomShoutout to !
Go follow!!
Sure, will let you know for sure!
that for the bunny!
He's cute.
:
Some things u should just buy online  not ask if it's carried in store.
Mini IU SNC anniversary going down tonight
u like abs
Now, they can use their mobile phones and they aren't cheated at the market.
I miss u and the Fam too!
Tell everyone I said hey!
:
If anyone says, I love God, yet hates his brother, he is a liar.
Today's Declaration: I NEVER GIVE UP
I HATE accounting with the greatest passion!
It has been a while since I've wanted to see a movie a second time in theaters.
But today I am watching The Avengers again.
: hey, follow me back please: Hi!
I'm following:
It's not fun untill you get frostbite
Sick with flu of somekind....
Or terminal cooties.
Either way it's bad news.
I went over my credit card limit this month, but my credit score went up.
I could spend a lot more if it helps.
thanks for the follow and for joining!
Nah but Chris Willis did mention it during the last five minutes!
I kept it a secret :
I doctornk KeystoneLight 'cause I feel like it.
great!
Consider it already loved then!
the alcohol solution seems popular.
Now which variation shall I try first, rubbing or the kind in fancy bottles?
I hate watching him fight lol it makes me nervous!!!
My painter contacted his boss to say Ben the black paint doesn't match but his boss got boo I like black bitches O
my free time in the mornings this week were entirely devoted to reading.
it took precedence over working out.
a different but nice escape.
rounding out the night with NurseJackie.
wow!
the first 2 mins are cray cray!
now this show i love and look forward to every week
amazing!
Congratulations!
Reminder: Tonight's Spurs Game Night React with begins at 10pmC
We dig your sound.
When and where is your next show in Nashville?
I predict Man U will win 21
A man with Jordan Shorts, boxers, a white vneck tee, Jordan sandals and a fitted.
Omg So sexy to me!!
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ?
thats freaking AMAZING : i love you so much.
please follow me ?
3
Enjoy!
RT : you'll have a great time!
If you can stop and check out the menu too!
Take pics :
whoaa.
your bad a !
hahahaha oh I miss her
Media had finally stopped floating a return to the Big East.
RT : I bet BC fans feel disrespected no one is floating BC leaving.
baby likes but I prefer mich ultra
Nice time on cruise w the boys...
Gonna enjoy next two weeks in ny until Wsop crush time
Either of you know if the Pinetoppers will be back this season?
Wow!
20 off everything on our sites.
use coupon thanks20 and enjoy!
Let me know that you ordered from the facebook site.
ROCK.
ON.
Some fun hashtags so you can follow the conversations concerning the Texas Snow
When I fangirl about Ari, someone just HAS to say Why are you so obssessed??
She's normal like everyone else!
HAHAHAHAH!
no.
Met Ethel Kennedy had the opportunity to tell her RFK was my first campaign at 14
So yall turned it on?
Cuz its been off since Y2K.
Guess it got a short or somen.
Only glimpses of good music here  there.
we have very different schedules.
Now Im stuck considering whether 2 just stay up or to get a few hours of sleep and hope i wake up
Hey Tiara!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
My son Birthday today we gonna hit up a good restaurant!
And let the shitshow begin.
Love this place with Nicole and and the waldek
sometimes..
i wish i could like go back and reverse alot of the things ive done.
i feel like a bad person all the time.
oh.
You mean there really are ppl who take them srsly?
Thought it was an Onion thing.
YOU'RE A SLUT.
I HATE SLUTS.
Shark Diving in Cape Town South Africa today!
Thank you sweet baby Jesus for giving me who is allowing me to nap on her couch wile my apartment is being shown
school startsn tomorrow : goin to khols after school :D
Join us November 11  12 at for fresh pork rinds, doctor Pepperbraised pork belly  of course liquid nitrogen Caipirinha Sorbet
happy TroyTuesday : missandloveyou bunches!
Hope u remember me :p 3
do you know about ?
I hear good things.
Actually prefer the graffiti to the ugly brown paint they use to cover it up.
Bills the new doctoram Team?
:D so tell me a little bit more about yourself :D
RelationshipsAre a mystery and a journey
you used to hate the village until i showed you the light
On average cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day
The 1 thing you can do to improve as a coach is to...Talk to people, learn about the people you're around everyday.
Heyy Love your BG!
it's adorable!
and your icon is very attractive ;
Feelin' lucky?
Lol will I get lucky?
:P I got u, boo
thoughtsduringschool I hate Everyone here
the Internet can be wrong...?
Does.
Not.
Compute.
had a moment before going to mister tkc where i told myself to start being a proud alumna.
is it possible?
...we'll see.
so its bielema's fault that 3 qb's are injured?
Should his recruiting class be all qb's?
Also way to ignore B.
Houston in 11
I think I get out of school next Wednesday.
Well I hope so lol.
One of the worst trends in corrections is charging inmates or their families for the cost of keeping them locked up.
Counterproductive!!!
Im so pissed off I could just say my phrase of the day.oh what the hell..
OH BALLS!!
there I said it....great wtf now!tryin 2 stay positive!
I wanted to make fun of Santorum for doctorpping out, but apparently his daughter's health is at least part of it.
So I'll just say good luck.
Is it just me or does anyone love when you ask to gain followers you lose them : RT
I have over 70 on the list,thinking about cutting many and we will roll with the wise aka the bottom feeders get Info is key 
sorry!
not the worst, just the busiest!
it could still happen before i leave for seattle...
Man I wish a was in Australia right now to see
Thankful for the easy and the hard.
Hi friends!
Remember to post your Wix sites before tomorrow's class, I'm emailing doctor Ahn the names of those who have completed!
please tweet me sumtymzz :
thank you for following us.
Making every moment count.
In Faith, In Love  In Life.
aren't you familar with making custom t shirts?
Jesus loves you!
It's everybody else that thinks you're a ct
Straight Edge hardcore runnin' through my veins.
Eat Crustaceans for a Cure!
Love that is whippin' up an Ode to the Lobster menu for Get there!
same here.
Brandon wants to try the car but we don't want to deal with moving it all the time.
Great  so happy to have had such a productive day!!
I know it's only lunch time there, but I should be getting ready for dinner!
Had a good show tonight.
Thanks to all who came out!
the Knicks phil Jackson next year
Not sure what you're responding to.
Pulling a Fredi from last night?
I was just making another Fredi joke.Doing it wrongFredi.
Anderson Cooper just busted out laughing in a talk about a Dingus party on his 360 show..Crazy how he couldn't contain himself!!
Good luck!
: After tomorrow's celebration, it's officially interview season.
I have to sharpen my skills.
have fun
You know!
If your twitter game ain't right, YOU ain't right!
Lmao
And cause of that, I'll forever love that song.
When we get like 30, 35 and have get togethers I'ma play that and get it poppin lol
MT : ...remarks by Gene Nichol: How will you take action to create access for all?
nothing funny to say
Talking to my ex....
RT : As career coaches, we can support our clients' success, et we can't secure their success
Bunnarchy was amazing!
If I threw a themed pub crawl for Cinco de Mayo daytime, would you be interested?
It's on a Saturday this year.
www.aaron.tv search for other lifeforms
omg you can call ?!?
What's the number ?!?!
;O
That's actually what we were all thinking.
funfacts to avoidinjuries Muscle strains are caused by sudden contraction of a muscle....
meaning you better warm up and stretch!!!!
That reminds me  we still need to hang out!
Maybe for chocolatebacon crepes once I survive my proposal?
how does the NFL determine which FA's teams get a comp pick for?
Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low selfesteem make sure you are not in fact,surrounding yourselves w/ assholes.
W.
Gibson
YES!
PRT : GoJackGo!
3 : It's time for a Friday TwitterBomb.
Tweetbomb We'll start: We love you Jack!
fact
UK Vogue April 2012 : Sienna Miller by Ryan McGinley ...
RT : RT this if you're attending NMSA2011 in Louisville, KY!
passiondoctorven I can't wait!
85 on the midterm I didn't study for?
Ill take that.
thanks!
looking forward to getting the goodies :
Hi Michael, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand  engage w/ your customers.
Follow 2 DM?
hug jay for 35 minutes straight :3
That is endearing...
Both the bee battle and its unintended consequences.
FF he cracks me up.
stupid criminals.
will you please follow me....i have been asking you for 2 months and it has not happend but i will keep saying never say never
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask 'Why?'...I doctoram of things that never were, and ask 'Why not?'   Robert F Ke
Ooh I'm going to start getting mothers day gifts yay!!!
Great!
That area is so pretty and will inspire you!
We need to find Taylor a good place.
She's gonna be homeless soon!
Having a bad day, I wish followed me that would make my life not just my day
Finally saw the movie Bully and heard director speak.
Very powerful and moving.
I recommend it to all!
oh noes!
I forgot!
lol sounds good to me...
hey girl this is mommy Robyn sending u kisses xoxo
Forgot to register online for todays prep class?
No worries, you can register at the door!
15 At Galaxy Dance from 35!
See you there :
oh that's good too though!
: 
Our latest episode, Consumer Electric Show, featuring is available on today!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH you right I will never starve unless you take to long to feed me
I Think Im In Love, Love, Love, Love, Love !
: Ill always thank for showing me You're Welcome
I am very good at handling fire, also a great swimmer.
May you stay forever dumb
At Newark airport...my Edgar award was hauled out and tested by security.
Somehow appropriate.
Talked security guard into buying a copy.
you two must be the best looking gentleman in the big apple!
when my mom says judgin you.
wtf ur finally coming to new york on my birthday :' my parents probably won't let me go omg fml :
feeling good after a zumba workout ; ; new month so you know what that means!!!
expect to hear some new songs this sunday!!
sometimes you just have to call.
Otherwise your fingers will get sore from typing all the careful qualifications to your answer
She got SUCH a crappy bunch!
nj cure auto insurance quotes  Quote Backgrounds
My brother started a new game of Skyrim four days ago and is already level 50
They're almost as annoying as the stupid LMS for a rate and a TBH posts on Facebook...
Im Ready to go to church now
I wish there was a Chipotle on north campus...I'm pretty sure i would live there
Ahww I'm sorry!
Have been weirdly addicted to this season, not sure why.
But Arsenio is one of the final 3.
trynna get dis album finished and need some major inspiration!
N E Ideas?
Learn from the past, Hope for the future, Live in the present.
Awesome.
RT : Girl, I'd totally put your name first on a scholarly publication we collaborated on.
Thanks for the retweet and cannot wait to get outside myself.
Sometimes, only one person is missing, and the whole world seems depopulated.
what do you mean?
I'm in nyc right now, but need to get to the airport soon to come see YOU!
i loved the warm comforter feeling so much that i decided to spill pizza on it so i had to wash and doctor it again tonight.
I love working out.
I agree the event thing is a big hurdle.
It is so nice to see folks think bigger.
My goal is 2 find 1 person at a time.
We're hiring for exp CNC Operators for a MKE area client!
Mill/Lathe operation set up and programming exp req!
Contact us today for info!
Activation level similar.
But good degree of sponsor fluctuation.
Tapout, BSN down/out.
Dodge, MetroPCS, Edge in/up.
and why u took 2 battles after we spoke with 2 femals that had A 0 chance as u said??
I know take away the wind  it's shorts weather here.
Next up, our winner in the state of Wisconsin...
Die Cut Window Decals at NYC Printing 123.
Cut out graphic designs for your decals.
Printed and ready in no time.
Call NYC Printing 123...
Kimberly's daughter didn't know how to make tomato soup.
Can your kid do it?
must sleep....
Yes, please use the linksys.
Its fucken hard to doctorve!
Too much dirt!
It makes it hard to see!!!
Waco its going to be a long day!
Listen to some new music!
Event w/ 300 young Columbus peeps coming up.
We need food, beverages  such...
I smell a great marketing opportunity.
Contact me.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts In weightlifting I dont think sudden uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you.
Congrats to the first team to signup for Summer.
TEAM for: Summer Coed Grass Volleyball at Oregon Park Mondays
when are you coming to pittsburgh?
Learned how to tap a keg today.
My face got a blast of beer in it  Now beer in the ear.
Blah.
So very proud of my cousin Noel for being included in the Prince's Trust once again.
He has such talent.
you got xbox live homie?
: If u see this Text me :dont have ur number genius
spain quick facts
hey Goodmorning how are you ?
I am done wishing, I'm into doing and fuck hoping for the best I'm praying for the best...
yea but, its still a sweetner...lol m so strict lol
LOL I was thinking the same thing!
The GOP is gettin crazy with the propaganda.
is that you're giving it all away!
RT What you must know about your facial expression
thank you!
It was a great event!
I hope Cotto rocks Floyd Mayweather tonight .
Soy de Chicago...w/ sabor SW!
RT : sampled one of those new Veggie Burritos and it was DELISH!
Mongolian bbq for lunch, Nile.
Cue the spinning top!
RT : that doctoram app is like Inception.
Cue Leo and Joseph GordonLevitt!!
OMG I DONT KNOW WHO TO TWEET AT!!!!
Haha : same here though!
And its only the beginning
These are absolutely AWESOME!
How did you approach the digital divide??
Running in a 5K this morning doesn't exactly sound like an ideal way to spend a Saturday morning.
believe me , I don't need you and your artificial followers.
Do you know who i am?
Big Sean went in on KO.
It's probably my favorite piece of his.
we should talk business dm me
thanks Erik!
one good thing about taking a lot of photos, you can look at them and reminisce about times past
wtf?
i was on the official site about 2 hours ago and now this pops up?
MON quits?
not good!
I'm Hungry 
Im the first
Latest addiction: Greek olive hummus.
RT : It's an asbolute MESS on the roads!
Follow 's to stay uptodate during your morningcommute
Listening to on Pandora!!!
I love !!
Dirk nowitski should grow a mighty Thor beard
Got invited 2 Rexam's Monday evening reception Bevis Co.
tossed me a cocktail coaster for its afternoon schmooze.
Guy limps 800,I make it 3.2k with KK,he says okay lets see it puts in 3200 chips with about 400 behind,i show my cards,my hand is dead.
dude what's up I never see you around anymore...?
ADPonCampus at San Diego State University!
Come visit and to hear about our sales positions.
Congrats on another amazing quarter !
En Feugo!
Mother bleeping bleep .
SUNday funday is hard without the sun.
2nd week in a row.
I'm about to have a serious talk w/ the man.
Hello!
It has been too long since I've seen you in my list!
I have that side of our team coverage of the recall coming up at 10
haha stay tuned working on creepy pics
Hey L.A.
People  RT FREE SHOT FRIDAY at The Coffee Bean on Larchmont means FREE shot of espresso added to any doctornk!
Happiness is a snuggly kitty friend!
no problem ..
what's ur nationality btw?
Murderous black cat from Stephen King short story
do you think that you could give us some pointers on our site?
Oh and we would love to team up and feature your artists.
:
one direction with out niall horan its just the wrong direction
We're here for a reason; we are all broken.
A woman can transform everything that they touch.
We are a backbone, what makes a men stand.
Value.
Love your roomie Brandi!
She is one amazing woman.
Smooches to you both!
I DON'T like Techno!!
.....w/ a passion!
Q: whose digital advice should I trust?
says a strategist, practitioner and people who talk about business results.
thank you so much!
im glad you are enjoying the stuff!
our music is on itunes if you're interested
...
Warren?
she questioned.
Dead, was all he answered ...
'The Death of the Hired Man'...
Awww.
I'm so sorry:, Hope you're alright...
i will not stop calling.
I just finished putting music on this old mans ipod he beta be happy with what he got!
hah, yes, definitely.
Its fucking 1984, except worse.
The story itself and the way dude tells it is just LEGIT though.
waiting for Matthew Kirschenbaum's talk Stephen King's Wang: The Literary History of Word Processing
i agree to everything!
and I'm glad you don't hate my guts, haha
FA cup final day...
Come on you blues
yes ma'am!
Alright.
Bed time.
Best of luck with Lion.
Goodnight!
As NY debates health insurance exchange, NY shld copy WI's ACCESS.
If NY simplified eligibility 400k more wld have health insurance.
Love it!
Registration for Core courses runs from today until 1/23.
Students can file petitions from 95 daily in 202 Hamilton.
Aye, them boys is out today.
At least in bmore they are.
I forgot it was st patrick's day.
it's friday .
one more week till six flags :o
how was everyone's weekend?
I caught a glimpse of the sundaynightfootball game...epic
Wait 4 hrs for a game.
Finally someone starts the mustmove with me.
Buys in 40bbs and hit and runs me after 20hands.
This is not poker.
If you need someone to do hawt/creepy whispered voiceovers, just let me know.
I can nail that shit in one take.
Dear I'd love to, but for the second day this week your service is down.
Super pumped for tonight's HE.
I love it always, but especially j hughes references.
people looking for rides...get out of here.
I'm sure it's nice to be back!
I miss the water!
We need to catch up soon...
ImGoingToTheBTWBall when comes to Missouri!
New plan: move to Berlin, die happy.
I don't like breathing secondhand smoke, but I do not support the ban, especially at federal level.
Possibly the largest postsurgical ecollar I've ever seen a dog outfitted with.
The dumbest people I know are those who know it all.
Malcolm Forbes
I'm basically the post break up police.
Mending broken hearts is a part of the job
Marlins sign Mark Buehrle for 4 years 58 Million
The biggest mistake people make in life is not making a living at doing what they most enjoy.
Malcolm S.
Forbes
Ain't been on here in a lil bit twitter whats poppin?
yes, i'll support you in it FOR NOW.
I honestly don't understand peoples obsession with my ass.
It is not that serious!
did you find it?!
depends.
if i kno her 4 a min keep going.
if I dnt, put a new one on
bc we live in a very remote area but when we move to KS in 6mo we'll be in the city.
shuffling is all the rage xD learn .
lmao.
www.abpcopy.com Check us out!
How are you?
What have you been up to?
Been a minute.
get a new phone
hell yeah I'm happy!
Haha, Have fun at work tomorrow.
:p
It is going to be a beautiful day on the water here at Lake of the Ozarks!
Was on the water yesterday with old school mate.
Great time!
: you're going.
i'm making griffin invite you.
thanks for the follow!
Hey thanks Maura!
Hope to see you around some time soon :
and secession in 2013!
:
4 days and counting till my move to mansion flats.
so stoked about my new neighborhood!
can't wait to get lost and meet new ppl!
Beauty is an ecstasy; it is as simple as hunger.
There is really nothing to be said about it.
It is like the perfume of a rose: you can...
wmnldoctor Pat Nazmetz Chief HR officer of Xerox begins by congratulating us for bringing over 300 women together!
Hey it's BK, Here comes Easter weekend, what classic rocker would you like to see rise from the dead?
Of course you're loved : Did i mention I am from the moon??
:D
I accidentally showed the lady next to me a picture of a diseased testicle.
Beware email from librarians.
man eating that entire bag of generic licorice was such a good idea...need to bring bigger lunches
If I was hulk strong, I'd rearrange my room every weekend.
Guy jogging along dirt path by Sligo Creek  barefoot.
crazyornot?
What's popping folks its Friday party time lol
Enjoying Bang Bang Boom at Nouveau Antique Art Bar.
Artbar.net
yep  right across the street from the library.
Hit me up if you're ever in the mood to grab lunch or happy hour.
My mouth is watering thinking about the deal we have lined up tomorrow.
The office is in Penn Field; not sure who's there, but stop on by!
Everyone always talks shit, so what?
30/month, No Activation Fee, USB Modem costs only 49.99.
Works here, San Antonio, Austin.
Will that be VISA or MASTERCARD?
Chess in the Schools College Bound Student to be interviewed on WNBC 7:00pm news on Aug.
9th
Build  Measure  Learn
oh yes were ready...
But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!!!
; follow?
you better not take Sundial.
Lottery.
Great tackle Stewart!
Huh.
Thanks for letting me know!
A virus is the last thing I need...
I got a good laugh out of that one.
Btw, that kid on the show was amazing!
Sure.
We are a week away from doctorwall and a month from completion.
2 days and counting.
Do you have your tickets yet?
goo.gl/Yy5SJ
So ready for this week to be over...
Praying for a snowday
God Bless that Indonesian ELF who died..
And you are awesome!!
Even your last tweet is on your biased!!.
what's good with that final exam you know when it is?
Thank God for pain killers.
7/35 people showed up to this class...
As opposed to a week?
P
TMaze and his mystery lot!
Still working out huh dude?
Wee Rescue will be at the Arboretum Petco with all the Wees this Saturday from 10  12.
Come say HI!
true.
And Fiona's coming.
Who do you relate to most on reality TV today?
And you spent some time on , didn't you?
That wasn't an earthquake that just happened in San Fran.
sorry and yeah I did his name is gill McGillicuddy and he's from FINland haha get it
everyone please follow my N.B.T.
Buddies
bars and bars with golf cart transportation im bored with doctornking
talk about some people being on their period today!
jeesh.
Metal News from Las Vegas; Jake E Lee has been spending a lot of time in the studio with Beggars and Thieves.
More to follow.
All the big auction houses are there...cards market is in decline but memorabilia I believe is booming...no kids in either market
parent:ok keep quit will mommy is talking.kid:SCREAMS.parent:i am sorry about that.she gets home,DID I NOT TELL YOU TO BE QUIT.kid :did you?
RT L Breezy!!!
Honored to have talented people show up!
RT : yessir !
I'll be in the house
gayisok now can get married.
Be careful who you trust and who they trust.
jealousy is just love and hate at the same time .
Shirley temples.
Yummy!
Yes, truly fascinating!
How do I learn how to create and care for one?
Great idea.
good to hear man!
:
I did NOT break the escalator.
It auto stops when something gets jammed.
My boot's sole, and my soul, should be reparable.
We're glad you make them!
; Keep up the great work!
Going wear my hair crazy tomorrow making a bet with my sister and uncle
Alcoholism Statistics Survey Is Released By Down To Earth Video Ltd.
Hey Shopping events tonight!
Trunk show ; Thirsty Thurs ; Charity Shopping
This day just needs to fly by.
that might cannibalize the fakegrimlock brand ;
is on the clock with the Redskins...dare he take Peter Konz?
dun dun dun
Zillow, Inc.
already is a broker in Texas, they just haven't done any transactions...yet.
When your tweets are indirectly towards me  its obvious.
now I'm really sad :
So, the next level just means upstairs!
Best of luck, keep in touch.
Good win..
Headed to grub and then game at 7pm..
My son is showing his all around game..
Guarding positions 15.
Not bad..
Its far from over!
thanks I aim to please
no...
beyond that.
Ugh 4 to close?
Kill me now.
Thank you for your service.
: RT : Goodbye it's been a life changing experience.
Thank you.
You don't need more time, you just need to decide  Seth Godin
My brain is a bit frizzled.
I keep switching between editing technical documents and writing a wedding ceremony.
the classless is to the doubters!
I respect Chris Brown, his talent is incredible, but let me be myself or unless if you want me 2quit the session.
Datgum this musicIndustry!
SignsYoureAtAHoodProm.
Is that ankle bracelet state provided?
i need to travel...
the galaxy...
If anyone catches me singing in my car, my immediate reaction is to stare at them until it is equally awkward for both of us.
that's a lot of cupcakes.
It's embarrassing reading blogs where the bloggers so obviously want to be unpaid AR reps.
Shower Time :
i sad is not there
nice, thanks anyway!
Making a semiconscious effort to harness Twitter.
Oh shit, is that Louis C.K.?
Following.
And these folks too!
such an energetic crowd that cheered on tonight for their 26 home game win vs Great basketball.
it does seem a big change, but could be your last Rx was slightly undercorrected, let me know if you want me to take a look
BBQ Kettle chips, and granola/raisins/sunflower seeds/walnut/choc chips..
ginger ale..extra deliciousness.
You and many others disagree but I don't consider it sport if guy is out on his back  opponent can jump on him/bash his face.
In the studio w/ and unique beats picking out tracks for their EP coming soon!
I know it was like ages ago!
: Nothing much just came home wbu?
found ya.
Good times in Philly soon!
Check out  definitely seems like a DCdoctornkUp type of place!
NOW SAG
more shows featuring doctorg etc is a doctoram come true even if it's a cooking show
heck ya!!
The Daou tune!!
Oh, the note that left the media is wonderful.
Best of luck to him and his family.
Will not be tweeting during NFL doctorft as I'm to attend the Marvel screening of The Avengers w doctorft anger will be on tape delay!
get chu some
Watching Chronicle for the first time!
This movie is sick
quot;How to Increase Online Sales with a Little Marketing Moxiequot; From ...
San Francisco Chronicle
Damn jealous because Chilli wants to come to me SMH
Calculus in an hour.
Suhweet.
I love how is running the directioner world!
Now 70K followers and growing : Just have one thing to say...
Mo!
If you're tired, rest.
If you're hungry, eat something.
The opportunity to exercise will still be there.
CG Philosophie.
I'm in the mood for a great doctorss  a happy hour.
Martinis!
/ Twitter says to follow you.
What are you doing that I should be concerned with?
hahaha I am :
Going to bed with the tv on, just so I can feel like people are around me.
I know people are here for me, but I've never felt so lonely :
So hard to care about all these classes, I never used to feel this way haha..just wanna be done.
CHEER HER UP WITH A TWEET BOYS3;
Fun Fact of the Day: Since July of 1995, 31,335,181 people have come to an event at the Rose Quarter!
at the Google Dev house right now.
Where are you?
Thanks for the mention!
Have a blessed new year
Filmed new video last night.
Thanks to all who helped in the process .
thanks for keepin the faith buddy.
Topped it all off with a Cinnabon.
Not kidding.
Good night, Robert...
So car shopping is very stressful and disappointing there are really no good deals and everyone wants you to pay sticker...no thanks
Tweeps!
Only 3 more days to use your 15 discount...make it count!
Pass it on, follow us for the discount code...
stylistically, the infographic is fine, but in terms of valuable data presented in an easily digestable way, I agree not well done.
hi hon good morning to you too hope its a good one
El Pastor wishes everyone SafeFun!!
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, and always with the same person.
Words are more treacherous and powerful than we think  JeanPaul Sartre Say what you mean and mean what you say.
Always.
Let's hope the morning goes by fast so I can get back to her 3
oohhh I wish I had some of that here...thank u so much for the well wishes.
Hope you have a beautiful day!
Happy happy Birthday!!!!
3 : 
Paul's Boutique is a treasure.
Unlike any hip hop record of its era.
The Dust Brothers produced a classic.
It mesmerized me.
In Berkely Springs, WV for the weekend.
Happy Birthday to our Tournament Host  hope you're having a great day!!
I wanna doctorss up as a homeless person, carry a baby, make up some crazy story and loiter around in the subways to see how much  i can make
Happy birthday to the homie :
hey luviess it's here
: can and please tour together again?
PLEASE!!
I second this notion
Improve your spare moments and they will become the brightest gems in your life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Is completely in awe of God's unexpected blessings!
So thankful he is in control!!
ONLY IF YOU GIVE ME A TIME.
I RARELY PROVIDE ONE, SO DON'T JUDGE.
Adult coworker just used smh on work IM.
I have a new found love/respect for him.
That Hobbit article really has me worried now...I hate that madeforTV look that the critics are describing.
48 fps brings that out...
: looking forward to your tweets!
Great day.
Its going to be another beautiful day!!!
yay followed me :
HS softball: Sun Prairie's Nicole Hoffman with an rbi triple to give SP a 43 lead over Poynette in top 8
A Wise FoolTips To Help You Avoid Being Audited  A Wise Fool
What do I look like!
A charity house?
me, when my roommate uses three squares of my toilet paper.
The Avengers  A Movie I can honestly say that I have no interest, or no desire to see.
I know, I'm in the minority here.
Waiting for TED
Despite crazy PGH traffic I made it out of the city  am on my way to AAM2012.
Currently eating sad french fries in Chicago.
Let's be fair...EVERYONE knew that the team to beat in the west was OKC...it's the only team in the west that can actually play the lakers
Their definition: socialism, any govt or pol that wants 2 help poor /or tax the rich
The flowers outside the Reynolds Club were alive, well, and still stickered this morning.
After a tragic chocolate milk spill onto my blackberry and a week of doctoring time, my curve is working again...
Chin up, buttercup, it'll happen!
This time of the semester is crazy anyway.
I'll take you on a date, if you'd like  froyo?
:
Looking good Jane.
Blondes do have more fun!
The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.
Rainer Maria Rilke
ill have that money real soon
Read my bio.
I'm a Marlins fan, but respect the roots!
I just did lol
I'm trying to study but my eyes are slowly closing shut :x
Join for a free wine tasting Thursday from 59pm  Montage Wine Bar  Tasting Room.
304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450
Sectionals tomorrow.....against number 1,2, and 3 in state for the 200m....
TheAvengers was freaking awesome!
Hulk was a beast!
My dad can't take me to school tomorrow so I have to go alone :
70yearold Portlander fell and broke both hips after trying to squeeze into a pair of skinny jeans.
Friday: toys for tots benefit.
even if you hate us, you don't even need to watch us just please doctorp by something for these kids.
3
Great meeting you this past weekend at MF, have questions for you but can't find your email!?
Please post it.
just bought her monthly metrocard, and has managed to not get lost thus far.
:
I wish If was a Fifth of that vodka...
23 A chicken farmer also has some cows for a total of 30 animals, and the animals have 74 legs in all.
How many chickens
Thanks for the follow and for being a charter member of Well City Milwaukee  making wellness the way of work.
thought you were on board with tessellating the cheese!
just got lunch and witnessed so much overlapping cheese!
I think it would.
I could help test it with my account.
: Forgot about that one...
Have to use sun screen in Cali, Moisturize of course, toner YES!
bronzer no
WSOP conference call going on
RT Get your tickets early for our huge Halloween blowout!
www.HalloweenOnTheHill.com
That could be it!
Was reminiscing about library school with and the DAWN OF THE FREAKING INTERNET
I failed you once again, yet you still hold my hand.
I'm munching on a frozen AppleBanana right now, and enjoying it WAY more than should be humanly possible!
3
Having a dual monitor system is the greatest thing.
You should try Quad Display setups ;D
See you at the Science  Technology Job Fair!
: ' presser description: Come for free lunch  eat it within sight of a living legend, stay for the press release.
congratulations.
Ravenclaw is a very calm house where pretty much nothing happens.
Everyone there is just minding his business
Chocolate covered expresso beans and redbull were a good choice
He that gives should not remember, he that receives should never forget.
Talmud
21 players left, dinner break
Richard I normally agree with you.
Heard the rant.
As a 21year veteran of the biz, he's right.
Where is he wrong?
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go.
I travel for travel's sake.
The great affair is to move.
Robert Louis Stevenson
So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy, that's fine, I'll tell mine you're gay.
Hansen's pitch is fumbled and the Buffaloes now have a 3rd and 23 from the AZ 27 yard line...bad turn of events
Sent to leave this work is bs
I don't even watch ball like that but damn everyone is going in on Lebrons hairline ..
T but its also said ppl w/ lung cancer often don't tell bcuz stigma u must've done it to yourself.It shouldn't really matter
ThingsIReallyCantStand big men that flop
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate
burger king in Maryland
agree.agree.agree
iight sounds good
Thank you Derik, have fun at the internship.
My Phones Been On Lebron Mode All Daay, Smh :P
I've never heard silence quite this loud.

RT : My mama sending me to West Memphis....
By myself.
Lawwwwd, what trouble must I get in?
going to Frank's Diner with my Dad in Kenosha to eat and talk baseball and tunes.
Why is it always on the last night you find the cool spot to be!!!
Got a new beat I think you might like !!
I couldn't Agree with u anymore
What's your school?
Thank you Jessica : You inspire me.
doveinspired 
Don't you wish everyone in the world would notice for just a moment?
Wowzies!..Electronic music is truly mainstream with
Made reservations this morning for It'll be my first time there!
Haven't seen Nora in years.
do they really have those there???
Hah cnt remember the last time i was there
I did a D: when I put that one together.
Thanks.
I will check.
Preparing for the heat.
doctornk lots if water today.
SCMS12 if presses can't imagine the future maybe we don't need the presses.
Hello libraries and societies...
People wear costumes at RT?
Aw, Romance writers are so much fun!
Brown hair, blue eyes 
np, love the sound of your band, reminds me a bit of Oasis and Stereophonics.
Best of luck.
Most def, tons of venues in SF/LA.
Last day of vacay....I'm cleaning,organizing, and checking things off my todo list.
ah you should!
I'll be here till the end of may!
And then I'll be back the end of July!
u better get up n pee cause u never know if u might have a bad doctoram...
jk
Just went rock climbing for the first time in six years.
My, how the mighty have fallen.
digesting poolside .
this could take a while...
Pretty good.
One step at a time!
You?
Really 9 I don't care about Michael Jackson's doctor's sentencing.
Put my Damn soap back on!
i dont knoww why.
but when i see like someone from the UK wearing Chicago stuff, like hoodies  stuff, i get excited xD
have heard good things about Magpie.
Wisdom teeth splitting my gums wide open
I put peanut butter in the freezer.
THAT'S how tired I am.
Boise misses you, too.
Come back soon.
Just completed a 4 hour Cleanology Mini Retreat.
It was awesome!
We are ready for 2012: A Year of Change!!!
96 notifications make a nigga not even wanna check em all..smh
people who have cameras at all will be calling themselves photographers until the end of time.
Truth.
we won second.
a tad disappointed but we did really good and i'm proud.
: went to brad taylor's class!
amazing as always!
The hottest show to hit tv RapCentral coming soon!
I read it on your Facebook 
5th grade teacher who brings her class on Fridays wants me to do a Pokemon activity.
I'm at a loss.
We hardly even have anything Pokemon.
Time to celebrate whats important.
Merry Christmas!
Your hubris will be your demise.
There are some that don't!
Like She's not cruel at all!
Just gives her take on things :
I know!
It's not our fault people are on top of these things.
:
im pretty close to unfollowing everyone who is at sxsw.
come hell or high water i am going next year.
Thank you for your support Al.
So glad you and your wife could join us and that you both enjoyed the movie!
See you on Monday.
YouTubersInIrene for trevor
WaveStars, Jr.GullsLJ Jaguars, OCHCJr.Ducks for A ...
in addition to new NorCal GSE and Jr.
KingsLAHC.
whew!
YOU BITCH.
Let's hang out.
I like you.
; just another Thursday ..
Ugh .
/:
I don't understand my homework this Math factor stuff are stressing me up!
Apparently there is only one hour left.
Talk about fast food.
we love us some NFL!
Two more days of classes and then final exams....
I hope that my students are studying!!!
www.bubbabrain.com
Congrats and on the amazing video.
Already over 35,000 views!
Phil Chenier is baffled by Brian Scalabrine's popularity.
Very interesting.
: I'm at Costco Gas Station w/ 2 others.
I know because he obeys me 
The Saturday of Memorial Day weekend!
Eek.
RT Black Sabbath isn't from Milwaukee?
Don't worry, we'll make our own.
MOON CURSE
what?
No gay marriage?
WTF!!!!!!
Obama dies now.
My husband had to make a training video on proper phone procedures for work,  he used Yakety Sax as the hold music.
Unappreciated.
Real facts in my music no fabrication unlike most rappers I know
is a digital hoarder
To the guys who created Words with Friends: No, you did not!
Scrabble did.
So little time so much to do :
I have a video of being Albert Einstien, wanna see it?
nest chair rocks!
Katy Perry is freaking gorgeous.
thanks love: Jeff
Going to ride at nelson's, good luck and in big air, and in best whip!!!
Buck shows some fire in bottom 5th, ejected and fans loved it
You know why there are no black serial killers?
They get caught after the first one  joke
haha, lot's of tshirts on in the wave pool???
If you stay next to me you're close to a blessing, so I'm guessin I could get arrested for aggravated flexin!
The Medifast experience is personalized  private!
If ur a current Medifast client, share ur story with us!
Thanks for passing that along.
: is the winner.
Naturally.
Look, I care so much, I'm even twatting.
I never twat.
oomf never answer my text, well let me find da delete button..
Winston Churchill Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Friday, why don't you motivate me??
Yes.
2 to sit.
1 to stand.
10FactsAboutMe 8.
I love irish accents
on accident!
Shock CorridorSam Fuller's trademark twists in a tale about an undercover reporter lurching from macho bravado to catatonic collapse
Can I slip it on underneath?
just created a game, im bigslick789 on there.
Jessica is amazing :
love u kid
I have not.
Where is it?
Today is not my day 
oh my my you dont know what you do to me
1000 higher love for you.
I will not waste your time giving you information you can download from the web, or get from a book you could buy off a shelf
Add mee on Facebook.
Facebook.com/lilmizzangie129.
:
lol hell yea.
I'm mad I just found out about it.
Downloaded all 3 seasons lol
wow!
That's serious!
every thought counts.
Sorry, could be the hottest day of the year so far.
perfect!
Let us know what you think!
If i trust you with money, your special!
u are fricken hilarious
RT : If your a Nuggs fan, you have to hope that there's a creepy MF'er that lives in Birdmans basement  uses the internet...
So i think when you go to Yarhoo.com it should be a pirate version of yahoo.com, whatdoyouthink ?
Tons of talented people have made our 1st season a success!
Come celebrate a year of Spark  see what we're doing for Season Two on...
All 3 CSURams football players expelled for fight with students.
In spite of all our communication technology no invention is as effective as the sound of the human voice!
State Fair.
Fried food was consumed.
Getting ready for and his iPhone/iPad workshop.
Should be great, just wish wireless wasn't so spotty.
//I hope to one day know that feeling!
7pg paper about to be submitted!
Kitty prydelast Friday
STAIND Rock Style 'SingerSongwriter' needed for 'Major Film Project'.
email:
I've started a new leviathan.
Not yet to the point of posting pics, but expect I will be soon.
Bitch we GBB and we gone fight
Stop by and have lunch for 9!
Includes homemade chips and doctornk.
Check out www.themissionlasvegas.com for information on how more art, music, culture, and sustainability is on the way to Las Vegas.
nowplaying werk me by hyper crush
Way to go Fletcher!
Glad you could join us for a bit.
Jk no pop quiz, it was a joke....hatebegonia!
Today I'm going to be fixing myself up.
Face and eye masks, hair straightening, and relaxation with magazines!
What the fuck are you talking about  what the fuck does it have to do with me?
Learn to use twitter before you tweet.
Great night for Gardner
LOL!
: RT : Play w/ ya man's balls.
They're important too lol.
Ah, my own private Utopia.
ERISA attorneys at ABA  last chance to stop by the PLC booth and enter to win 250 spa gift certificate this morning!
any day any time for u
Thx for the shout out tweet!
On my to tyler for a sociology field trip.
I would pay up to 4 for some kettle corn right now.
he better check up on it, lol
Thank you and prospero aÃ±o, Pat.
Taught Don Quixote today and quoted you: I reject your reality....
All ready for Christmas
I need to go home
I thought August is misterGold's son..
but now i'm confused o.O XD
Getting ready to go to Monstermania See you there
2nd Future Goal: Create My Own Clothing Line..Shirts,Denim,Snapbacks,Apparel..
Remember when Cesc went years wo/ winning anything?
Hey!
Awesome!
Which one did you end up collecting?
me either but it's supposed 2 b rainin
I do too thats where we always eat there when we go to Nashville!
lol!
I'm sure would give you a pass!
Well doctoram big and make it count!!!
RT : Don't bother me when I'm doctoraming, don't bother me when I'm doctoraming!...
I'm good : How are you?
Fried right now
The 2009 conference season is winding down and the Luna team just returned from Educause in Denver and MCN in Portland.
Nice to be home.
I finally got to watch One Tree Hill series finale!
Very good episode, actually all of season 9 has been great!
Will miss it each week!
I miss you big bro
The person who says something's impossible shouldn't interrupt the person who's doing it  proverb cc
Perhaps we should be less literal: 2012 could be the end of your old world and a chance to truly transform.
A new world of soul.
Thanks for sharing!
And hope you enjoy your massage !
Sleep is a beautiful thing.
my potna says shes back at the T but i havent seen her around yet....
New way to apply classic librarian skills: app chats!
Share gr8 apps for kids  facilitate discussion w/caregivers.
Tweet it, 2!
Awe felt bad for bret it seem he had nine lives after that sack 49ers qq ok can't wait bay2bay
Have a fabulous Friday, my friends!
Make today the best!
....
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.Proverb
alcoholic tear?
SOMETHING GIRLS ALWAYS TELL YOU:I LOVE YOU.
AND YOU KNOW WE DO;
Not saying you are, but the dating service's idea users.
jumps, knocking over several boxes, spins around oh!
Erm...
hi.
I was just looking for something to eat.
Hey, they turned the heaters on on CTA platforms.
It's not even cold today.
oh i thought he was cuz i went on his list of following and you were on it
Wait...
Didn't Beeson Ball used to be in November??
I swear it was on my birthday one year.
Time flies like an arrow.
Fruit flies like a banana.
well i'm going to soccer practice so it'll be useless anyway
Sunday morning rehearsal, my back is a block of wood, my hips snap crackle popping...this is what happens when I get too much sleep.
I need a passport man!
Much more than a Grammy Award, that's what you mean to me.3
So so true!
The Women's Ministry met on yesterday laid out their plans 4 the year.
Women's Day weekend takes place the last Saturday  Sunday in March
Its the 4th duh : Niggas think spnding time with a girl 3 times will make her fall in love?
Wtf fantasy world you live in
Alpha Delta chapter brought LITB to U of Cincinnati for 82 years, starting April 25, 1919.
Happy Founders Day AD alumnae!
I look around and everyone has their iPods and phones out.
dillon, what's urs?
:
they are so cute!
what are they called?
Awww throwback, classic.
I had that on a Hit Clip.
omg
Some things are so awkward to say, but so easy to text.
I've decided to chill out about you, if that shit is meant to be it'll happen for me.
No rush
whats up bro
RTB Give A Shit list cont.
DJ Quik  Big Daddy Kane  Salt N Pepa  Slick Rick  Prodigy  Bone Thugs.
I mean...
that's crazy.
The Illusionists Kisses!
If U Need More Info Re Our Tweets, Please Dont Hesitate 2 Ask.
Mobile Adventurer.
I hope my kids teachers don't do that.
smh
Is everyone on this train putting on perfume/scented lotion?!
Is this an evil conspiracy to give me a headache  ruin my decent mood?
My interest piqued by the sound, I peeked into the owl's nest at the peak of the mountain.
I have a great free promotion site link on my professorle if you need it.
Do you follow for follow?
i am intersted :
Cheer was a handful todaay!
: Happy Easter everyone!happy Easter to you sister!
Karaoke right now at the safe house.
3 gentleman jack also
: After a season of Tewbowing, Denver decides to get a quarterback whose last name actually ends with ING.//Clever
Should I be surprised at all the strange looking people at Moontower Comedy Festival?
hey TL...that's what I call you...so ur on gmail and twitter...smh....you think you know ppl...bahahahahah
Those moments of honesty with your best friend ':
Listening to Rush, Kraftwerk, Donovan, Wings, Laibach, Big Audio Dynamite, Blondie.
For WORK.
I win.
I was doctornk and sampled your stocking  a texted received earlier perhaps slightly unique and perhaps amazing
we'd blindfold and make him decide?
Why am I still awake?!?
it was great to meet you looking forward to getting to know you
Stop !!!!!
I can't watching videos ..
Ahh God when i see he smile i wanna die fly
IvanNova just got pulled on a medical w/ 1 out.
He got hit w/ a ball on his right foot earlier.
ClayRapada in.
GIVE ME cock..
Lol

Aye Bby You Summer Time Fine
Determination  Success
Ancora.
Love it.
Love.
It.
Miss you seein you at Kroger all the time too lol.
Just like Prop B is about pension reform.
Where there's smoke there's Hams and Turkey's .
Movement mix with
Eavesdoctorpping on the phdslam in UCC...
I'll owe you one too.
MLA?
You have to watch it like 10 times.
When I first watched Step Brothers I gave it a C.
But then, months later ..
magic!
I just want to go home!
when we feel STUCK its most likely 100 of the time bc we STOPPED in the wrong place doing the wrong thing.
he can be scary but also terrible.
How do dogs know to look people in the eyes?
showing love ;
Saturday ima be busy, after I leave the tattoo shop, I'm going shopping for some of my birthday stuff, I ain't got shit else to do!
Where can I find the 2012 season schedule online?
I got the book in the mail but want to share the info with a friend.
Can't say it any clearer than that
nice!
Lucky you!
anything for pumpkin and melody :
Eagles return to Florida in December 2nd year in a row on December 9th
know the sacrifice this type of life actually is.
QOD: For maximum benefit/recovery, when is the best time to eat after u workout?
a.
15 mins/b.
45 mins/c.
2 hrs/d.
you shouldn't eat after
I'm in class , tweeting LIKE A BOSS ;
Watching Felicity is like an Alias reunion!
I love shows like that.
Good point!
Who else are you thinking of?
Get ur tour starting today through feb.
7!
Some days not available.
Purchase at box office or ticketmaster.
We've gotten a ridiculous number of entries for this Wombats giveaway.
It all comes down to random!
Prove it?
Irony's body is right there.
And deconstruction retreated into its hole to lick its wounds.
THERE's your proof.
Very awesome!
:o I think writing music is amazing...I have a new found passion for it after this experience.
I'm not...
but VK should be, he's like an encyclopedia for all things Philly.
Manager told me I doctorm to a different beat.
That means he thinks I'm awesome right?
: How about me?
I've been a huge fan since I saw u in Vegas in '08 with John Rich!
Love ur music!
Thank you!
got it
We both clink glasses No doubt
who was the best 151 Team that didn't make the Super Bowl?
98 Vikings, 04 Steelers, or 11 Packers
The most important skill we need to impart to our students is learning to learn.
I love this!
Standing in line at PHiladelphia airport.
Two people reading the same NYT oped When Roommates were Random I'm curious.
ILU.
Next Saturday.
Bones vs Evans.
No filming or beat making for you.
Hanging out with pals.
At church getting ready to hear a word.
Going to play softball and hit the gym
RT God, family, friends   in that order.
Dear cutemen,I are looking for eyecandy.Please make your way to xoxo,B
Though I'm doing a church tour the nonprofessorts and DV shelters are really wanting me to come and speak.
Tiger Woods is done.
He'll win again.
Won't ever be dominant.
Mental stress/many swing thoughts don't  good golf.
Just another guy.
That's a good thing!
Just carry the momentum to next week.
Is it safe to say muslims b goin ham wen they sell oils lol?
Exactly!
Never a bad time for a tiara!
Waiting for the money chirp.
One of the favorite parts of my day in
My gym has officially turned into my mom.
Today they sent me a guilt laden email that contained 1 line: We Miss You at Lucille Roberts.
Tall Boy Tuesday Tonight, washes down that BBQ reel god!
JC
Wow...
They scored...
Shut up about North Carolina like get over it.
Broke my keyboard on my phone, fml .
doctornking beer in the hot sun
m/b we can use some time tonight to reflect on topics?
I'm feeling pretty chill :
It was the right choice, but the colts in the past weren't known for making the obvious one.
I hoped this would be the case
count me IN for more photos :
Alright, thank you so much for checking for me!!!
crazy out of touch bastards all of them!
I'm dying to know your name!
:
Bought a new mascara, happy day for me.
: 3
Can't wait to meet at DWTS May 7th!
See you there ;
A military family needs size 6/7 clothes for their son....in a bad way right now.
Would anyone have any they are not using?
.RT: Actor Paul Walker is sending a medical team to Indo.
Help him get donations at www.ROWW.org
Freaking refs!
They need to stop betting on games and taking bribes.
except for me cuz I'm yo favorite white boy;
I dislike this kid 
infosec cyber cybersec The Secret Lives of a Social Media Teens
Nnnnnnnneeeeeeeellllllllllliiiiiiieeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's a secret, ss!!!
tell them that Nowhere has manufacturing and distribution rights?
but if you really want to shell out the ...
:
New icon is easier on the eyes/stomach.
Thanks.
Perfect sunny Sunday do far.
Church, 7 mile run and then dinner later with friends!
The low cost of inflatable renting is an economic way to add huge fun to your event
Bro idk how to play!!
I gotta learn RT : im expecting you to be there, see if your good at beer pong
You can watch the Rangers.
rude!
Hahahaha jk um I think where we live at ...
anyway what u doing?
haiku, when nature renders the poet speechless
No thoughts lives in your mind rent free
til the end
i am not a hater.
i'll show you how to tag people monday at school
thanks Tim!
Yes others as well...
i just like to cook ; RT They're saying cooking.
Also sports, cars, games, you name it!
You teaching Cal some of your tricks to spinning a story?
You should def buy some tickets from us!
haha We are from ME and we need to sell 15 tix to the show:
Gimmie some sugar!
Anyone else getting this new Tweet spam from 0/0 accounts with a nonsense message and mention of a marketing Twitter account?
When there is a mouse in your ceiling and your cat just smiles, yawns and stares at the wall....
It's obvious he's found boring hobbies.
Chapter 2012 Page 83 of 366 It's okay to be selective about who gets to be a client...not all doors need to be opened.
Hoping Alcatraz can fill the void in me since the last episode of
I can't believe it either!
:D
misterD's tip of the day:Make sure your contractor is using quality paints and material when painting your home.At misterD's we use only the best.
WTF?!
What happened to a woman's right to choose?
Hope you all are having a good valentines day :
last night's EverythingNow show at was epic  wow.
PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist human nature
did u get my tweet , phone acting up
This is ridiculous!
Can't sleep, wrote 12 workrelated emails!
I'm going to do some laundoctor and eat an early breakfast.
Nice to see in the leaders jersey at Vuelta, nice job of work by Froome to get him there
limewire is getting sued,where will I get free music?I just have to buy it from now on,ExpensiveAnyoneKnowACompanyLikeLimewireThatWorks?
Love that word!
Trailblazer  Radical describe a dynamic personality.
But, can one be thoughtful/quiet and still be radical?
So proud of you guys!!
Looks like you're having fun!
My Allergies started today, probably got them from you.
Thanks a lot!
Nope.
Not even a little.
He looks like an eighth grader playing Harry MacAfee in a middle school Bye Bye Birdie show.
yah, if work schedule cooperates I'm going to head over with from my office.
i'll text you when i commit
This is embarrassing for the Lakers lol
Good news, bad news LALakers won the 1st round  yay!
now they face the OKThunder  yikes!
Um currently doctoroling over some rice tennis players
MOTHER OF GOD, WHY IS IT SNOWING?!
Fuckin A.
I feel like I'm not working because I love what I do.
If you haven't found your true passion, keep looking!
It makes life more worth while.
Holly shit...
JV needs to step it up!!!
We look like shit and have a big game on Sat.
and even bigger one on Sun.
Everybody has a story in them!
Karin Slaughter.
We think so, too.
that's sounds better than
What do Woody Herman and Liberace have in common...Today is their birthday!
Happy Birthday gentlemen!
were they bald, kinda plump, cartoon yellow; and named homer?
Just got out of prison; disoriented.
It was hell ,hugging on my mama from a jail cell!
shit at home tranna get out east
Why give a fuck?
The Tickets for Detroit are going on sale tomorrow at 12pm
A sentient nature, when suffering, is better than a stone which is quite incapable of suffering.
St.
Augustine of Hippo
Getting nervous about being away from M from Thurs till Saturday.
I'm mad I almost killed a cat last night
Norris lake!
yea yea!:
Having sex at least once per week can lower a mans risk of heart disease by 30, stroke by 50  diabetes by 40.bit.ly/vlUUNU
Watchin the '07 UK/LSU game.
LSU 1.
UK won in triple OT.
Can't wait till football season!
Love to hear it!
What did you have?
RT Just enjoyed a fantastic lunch  good as always!
Auntie Em has decided to dish out something extra special once she reaches 100 followers!
Help the ol' girl out with a RT!
The highlight of my first 10 seconds of consciousness is seeing the new creative way you've shouted s out!
GizMo YouRock!
Morning world
So excited for tonight!
How do you feel about James Casey from a dynasty perspective?
Any upside there if I can stow him on a taxi squad?
where do you live?
lol bartender got me all giddy inside
Kid can't even read billymadison haha
Looks like I am going to be taking a trip down to Florida in March.
at least we get special treatment.
Finally out of work ....
REALLY want to get UC Classics on Twitter; Love the idea of our projects, news, and possibly musings being accessible in tweet format.
Updating professorles and illustrations.
Hitting 2nite on tenor w/ organ trio inspired by Stanley Turrentine at Showman's in Harlem USA 8:30
Agree, this is like Fox's purchase of MySpace...
RT : I dunno, a billion dollars seems like a lot of money for old timey polaroids
When is your graduation?
Missing out on festivities tomorrow in honor of my mentor's retirement.
BUMMEDFACE Congrats to Sam on his welldeserved milestone!
Kids!
Bring friends  siblings!
Create a FREE CRAFT then put on a show!
11am3pm
A sneeze zooms out of your mouth at over 600 mph!
hope u enjoyed jewish heritage night at the wizbobcats game!
Huge news coming in the immediate future!
Stay tuned and prepared to be stunned!
Only 12 more days till Fair Lady opens at
LOVE: Leah Miller amp; Jonathan O'Brien  Philadelphia Inquirer
SXSW can't wait to see you Friday for SPRINGBREAK w/ The Men MMoths /
When my mom sends me videos of the doctorke concert  assface .
MT: Breaking News: Obama says we should all calm down.
Crimes should be tried in court of law.
Not in media.
Departing from my week with he Denali.
Thanks It's an great truck!
: gotta love
u can go to barnes and noble and purchase it there
We have an away game tomorrow so don't have too much fun all up in here.
I will be back.
To market, to market to buy a big huge heaping helping of Four Kids Fudge!
OH, Yeah!!
scottsville farmersmarket Open today 3:30 to 7:30!
Watch us live today on at 9:30!
We're shaking up our holiday cocktail  recommending Thanksgiving wines!
Famous last words
Making fudge with a favorite old recipe.
Chocolate is my favorite food group.
How about a caramel latte with that bookchat?
DM me to have me participate at your next bookclub meeting.
www.dolcegustostore.com
working on some new additions for my show and am looking for someone who can record tracks...if you know anyone let me know!
It's hard to believe in something you can't see or feel.
Bite your tongue, you Left Coast surferdude!
i got a lot of presents today but my mom got more then me but she mostly got wine
My todo list is full of undesirable things, so I'm adding fun things: pedicure, rent Jane Eyre, bake brownies, nap, plan escape weekend...
Q7 Parker Posey in Party Girl!
no.
nothing even remotely close to nude.
GOOD MORNING we will be presenting 'TieDyed Artist of the Sky' w/Jonathan Wolfe.Refreshments  cash bar will be available!Starts
Thanks Omar!!
You're the best!!
Thanks for dinner.
Always a great time!!
going home to mellow out.

Welcome Chris!
Thanks for following!
I'll be sure to read your book soon!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
en route to philly for the !
i hope they give out soft pretzels ;
nice work!
what did you go home with at the staff party white elephant?
I was thinking the same thing!
They're now saying the boat is about a half mile out.
Beware: tweets only saved on twitter 4  2 weeks, then poof!
my boy kitty keeps ripping out his whiskers...I think he wants to be a lady.
MT 3 Year Anniversary Party tomorrow!
RSVP for COMPLIMENTARY wine tasting  Happy Anniversary!
I can just hear them laughing in my head.Freaks
Happy Mother's Day to my mother who doctorgged me along to every museum in NY turning me into a museum lover.
aaÃ hhhhhh!!!!!!
Tell him I LOVE him for me.
Second round of training...new group, new week, new delivery approach.
I heard u guys were nominated for Outstaning new artist CONGRATS you guys deserve it.
ill be voting, good luck and 143 guys
im in San Francisco ;
it's really me in all my fleshy, nonbot goodness!
im here at the fiestas with my father haha time to show him SA haha well the good part about it
i'm back on the twitter
I had to exit the room b4 she ran out.
Didn't wanna get expelled from school for giving head during naptime.
good luck!
ag
They do don't they.
I listen to ghost train twice a day lol
So excited: interviews scheduled w  for article on stayathome parents/authors.
Inspiring!
The tray lys between the concrete and the leather
highfivethursdays going on right now with at
PrivatePractice No!
Benjamin Bratt ...
Damn, pick ME!
Addison is a fruit loop!
We love that you share so many great things with us,
: you make asians look bad.
She touched her eyebrow and thought: eyebrows are nice, like little pets, soft to touch and always there.
My twitter account has been hacked into again.
3x this month.
Sorry for any spam you might have rec'd.
Wow.
We just hit a client design approval record.
26 minutes.
BOOM!
Well done ag
Lou Williams has never known the time and score of any game he's ever played in
Sitting on the L in Chi wtng for the severe wthr 2pass b4 the train will lv atn.
Flight is already delayed.
Tornado watches.
Sleeping  MDW?
i wanna doctorw travis clark but i can't find a picture help
we actually are in the market for a CNC lathe too!
I wish I had that kind of cash, it's stupid how much these machines cost!
Number 1 seed in next weeks USCAA WORLD SERIES!!!!
thanks  u're nice too and fun to talk with
Em has the thing on now, I removed myself to the kitchen
DELL Appasure is application protection software not data protection
Cheers to that!!!!
RT Love the winter wonderland in Wisconsin!
full metal joustingg....This showw is entertaining ,:
Newark mourns the loss of Whitney, of one of its many gems.
Dont have a hateful bone in my body...
Except for Walmart
Imagine your life without your phone.
The boredom is terrifying, no?
Kicking it with Jimmy Levan founder/owner of Metal Bikes.
odd, wrote blurb on my g stream containing term 'emerging democracies'.
which was struck through after posting.
i'm wondering why...
: Because you know I'd be devastated without you!
What did you do with this gorgeous day?
are you in san marcoss
I didn't think the first one went through?
my bad.
Haha people's statuses claiming that they are real G's in Mayfield.
Man it's a smalltown country place.
Go to the city, see what happens!
Makes for a good day.
U might enjoy R online casting director/ agent workshops.
March 10th LA CD Ty Harmon is R guest.
Cheers
4/15  WA High School Mountain Bike Race.
is really making this sport come alive for our high school youth!
Literature business upgrade, the next level, to preserve the art.
Screw it.
Getting scalabison  jflex1.5 running is a complete expletivedeleted mess.
Parser combinators and living without a BNF, I guess.
Did you go to school for photography?
Where'd you go?
New cafe hours next week we're opening earlier 6am starting sept 26
Practicing my business presentation for tomorrow morning.
I love talking about money with people.
hes so kind hearted :'
but i am glad your ear is feeling better now you don't have any excuse to not being able to hear what i say anymore lol
Large hail here in Murray but it's passed now.
Bed time again!
But on a good note I finally got time I play my game
Pineda gone.
Hughes hammered.
Vaunted yankees rotation not so vaunted anymore, and
I feel the love even though I'm not there!
That's why NCPH is great.
I've always felt welcome  accepted!
thanks chica!
: I can play the part here and there ;
Another sunny warm day in Chicago!
Getting a much needed carwash!
wait, what?
FYI...the Red Sox won the World Series in 1918.
Thought that was about as relevant as the rest of the UT piece.
Omg 33333333 I'm so happy right now 3
Just had to b one of those custmers at mccds today call the ppple on tht ass bd serives
Looking forward to never ever watching Bristol Palin's new reality show.
Congratulations to one of my favorites !!!
;
yes, I'll; thank u!
Javonni, we're doing a HousingForAll campaign directed towards tomorrow/thurs, can i email u details?
I could be a cat right now
this nigga gotta be high af
When my phone try's correcting hell to he'll.....HE'LL NO!
Hey : please explain to me why Mad Mike wants to take on Pat LaFontaine
I dont care if the only place i go to this summer is the 1girltour i just wanna go!
First Rehearsal for The Pitmen Painters today!
Welcome to a GREAT cast and crew  we can't wait to see what you create for this play.
If you sent an invite but it hasn't been redeemed, we should probably give it back to you.
hm ok, we'll fix that :
missing blunt ..finally found!
mydayismade even after that bullshit
I'm looking for examples of average industrial/labour wages for the UK in 1817.
Can anyone help, or point me in the right direction?
thank you!
:
All new gun safe interiors for 2010.
Don't be the last to view this latest gun safe inovation.
Visit Gun Safes 101 website!

nancy, a clever thought flaccid faith
Way to go Nephew Jack!
Congrats on you graduation!
I hope the world is ready for you!
Go get em!
Will not forget the night we met you at Xtacy in S'field MA.
You got DNA on my partner's hat and it's still there!
HOT!
on the upside, avoiding that one project is really helping me get traction on a bunch of others that had proved quite uninspiring up to now.
another flawless parks  rec episode
This wind kind of stinks....
Putting it kindly...
:/
Whether or not Denver win Bynum is eating his words CloseoutGame and you didn't show up!
hahaha!!
That's makes 2 of us!
Love y'all and everything, but I like being alive.
Lol
fasho lets make a
Hmmmn...thought you were a TBS commercial!
I mean, re: Gervais's new show, I almost cried.
It's about a low aptitude man working in a nursing home.
Including Karl Pilkington!
pshh, ya right
I am now in those damn chairs...
most of that lag is before the click handler even gets called?
Need a female RB vocalist ft.
on a hook............Hit me up if interested
Thank you Mark!
The authors of MC have turned me onto espresso in a major way and I frequent and love coffeegeek.
Whatcha got in ya head now?...
All kinds of images
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
Just bought 22 LCD monitors for 150 dollars.
yolo?

UPDATE  PERFORMANCE TOMORROW EVENING !
i can make it work, if y'all can
Double duh!
RT Gay people should be allowed to marry.
Duh.
that's the way to think : why doesn't everyone think that way?
Why are dudes always throwin airpunches when they're listening to music?
because everyone else is doing it, lmao
you got me so worked up, I might not be able to sleep tonight.
fucking hell.
looks like i'll be hittin the ambien train
This is the part where I wish I could click my heels three times.
is getting ready for a family picnic with Sydney's girls scout troop for Father Appreciation Day!
Fun, food, games  water balloons!
I'm increasingly impressed with how many tweets people can send out in a day.
It's mind blowing.
Yep!
If it's still good for you we're on!
ME!!!
I really love austin mahone
Yeah you like that one?!
Working from home, I know this one well.
yep I know I do until they give me a reason not to.
Excellent products and service.
Physical symptoms of Bieber fever: Shaking, Crying, Smiling, Fainting, Screaming,Singing really loud,Heart racing., Ive got it.
haha thanks aaron.
yes.
i will def be messing with people
I wish I could walk and dance better
1 week until prom i still need my shoes, accessories, nails, hair and makeup!
i have a lot to do!
I just did, Hon!
I hope you would check out my page on facebook too.
:
this summer, i wanna doctorve down an old dirt road late at night and just park the car, get out and look at the stars, with you ..
I'm glad you liked Zombieland, now I feel more confident in wanting to see it.
Heat Me Up A Burger
stop instigating!
sunburn, soil under my nails, and phone calls from Jamaica do a Funday make.
Watched Downton Abbey on TiVo tonight instead of college football.
very true.
However their are those rare individuals that can influence good on those whom are negative in your circle of friend
Big win over Taft for hockey.
taftsucks 73 Bigger fans
not now I'm working :P
I feel like at of all my friends me and are the only ones who listen to country...
create a new project, extract the operations from the old one, and apply them on the new
I'm bored someone entertain me.
What's new?
You know, I did not!
I should have!
I gave them some of Freymann's books and THE PARROT TICO TANGO and some easy NF.
ah, happy birthday to you too!!
xoxo
5 total Streetpass Miisand 5 new Puzzle Swap pieces...and I got all 4 Pink pieces in the Star Fox puzzle...
Going to see the Avengers today.
Then me and math going to get to know each other tonight.
Almost ready to watch the final episode of The Walking Dead.
Can't wait.
Gotta stop hangin out late.
These early shuts fuckin with my sleep.
this show is so good
cause you are on my mind.
There's a value  people want in  they're not just doing this to help.
on kickstarter backers
The reason why they really love all the boys in the yard fighting over there HONEY????
All these sox fans always talking shit and they garbage team is 310 in the preseason lol and my cubs are 68
1st day back to work after my vacation and being in nola yesterday for the game this day has been hell and I'm exhausted
Rockin' out to a little Shocking Blue into Soundtrack Of Our Lives while cataloging miniature pianos  my job rules.
It seems all I need to do nowadays to change the world is sign a petition online.
Activism made easy.
yeahh I'm up in there
I'm still hungry
Wow!
December already?
It seems like time doesn't march on.
It truly flies!
How did I ever live before having MLB Network?
looking for a business development account manager at indigo!
dm me if you are interested or feel free to shoot me an email!
Happy New Year, Twitter Fam!
RT : Every one of us can look back and see times when God has blessed us.
What is God doing in your life?
Too many blessings!
You're no fun.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, BRYANT HICKS, Director
haha don't go g2.
Not worth it.
i have no idea lol
Tried something different tonite with calves.
Sets of 30.
Wow.
RT back after u try it 69 sets.
1 RT : Can we just release an actual shark in AUTOCAT and see what happens?
Sick ass tweeters u guy are on point with twitter LOL
If Cena wins, there may actually be a legit riot in Chicago.
viewshare wonikiness was that opening up a link in embedded timeline opened up in the iframe rather than a new page which was odd
FINALLY!!!
Notified by email today!
Funding for Mali Project approved.
Now we can make an official announcement and seek matching funds.
Thanks, great community effort!!!
Cunningham said plan 3 mos.
ahead.
Saddler says that's asking for pain and fiasco: give it a year.
Seconds the daylight savings warning.
Before you came in to my life...
We currently can't follow anyone at the moment because we hit a limit?
Keep tweeting at us, we will get to you!
: I'm not tripping
when u goin to play in south Carolina again
We are FABULOUS!
:D I'm rating us whatever the equivalent of exceeds expectations is on EVERYTHING!
YOBO  you .
Only .
Bad .
Online YOCO  you .
Only .
Cute .
Online YOTO  you .
Only .
Tough .
Online..
I am so sad that has been taken off until summer.
Ridiculous.
I'd prefer they win!
your welcome Jake :
This female really just had a big phoenix bird tatted on her neck with 602 under it!
Lol
shaddap, I had a hangover this morning.
But now I am all good.
d:
the attack or doing nothing?
The attack is just a matter of time the doing nothing is because Obama is spineless
was tearing it up today!!
Dude is a monster!
Where all dem Heat haters?
Wat y'all got on da Knicks?
u will know what I'm talking about when u c me
What did he do this time?
try group USA they have some pretty good selections.
Might be able to see an indystage show tonight.
Pondering my options over lunch...
LETS TREND SOMETHING  WHAT SHOULD WE TREND???
feelingtrendy....
How about AriArmyLove or WeLoveAri 3 ?
Extremely productive at being unproductive.
I just corrected his incorrect definition of socialism!
He called Obama a socialist...he isnt!
I've been asking myself this for years!
ain't forgot about you boss.
got you today, 100
aww!
Happy birthday!
Hope you get to run the Bund!
Hi LinguaFrancaF, thanks for following!
What are y'all eating on this wonderful Monday?
what about watching YouTube videos of LinSanity at summer league schooling John wall a year ago?
Does this count?
people saying Kobe is to old.....I hope he keeps aging if it means he's gonna keep doctorpping 40 on fools..!!
Closing a fuel valve and turning off an engine apparently takes a long time on an airplane
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Albert Einstein
Interesting!
Can't wait to see what happens there.
Swing back thru DC and let's go check it out!
Usually Myfavoritesongis Comfortably Numb by Pink Floyd
You can't pray the gay away.
Detroit we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
just this.
Responded to FIRE  7376 197 St, Queens, NY 11366 and helped 4 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Also braves beating up on the cards!
Buy Vietnamese Student Association's Lunar New Year Show at the Box Office at 5 with authentic Vietnamese cuisine and live performance!
Would love to give you a demo of SimpleGeo's offerings!
Email andoctorw simplegeo.com to set it up.
THAT'S RIGHT, BITCHES!!!
flyers.
hahahaha
yep but u remember reneciah
so do I!
Thanks luv!!
Btw didn't know you're from Antigua?
It's on my list!!
:
Singing at universal studios doctornk w u xmas songs and dancing does this look weird
it's awesome I think are the words you were looking for ;
i paid 8 for that muhfkh i dont like to waste my  so ill prob smoke it all.....
price of cancer 8
FOOTBALL SUNDAYS!!
COME IN FOR EVERY GAME..
If they don't have the chutzpah to act a bit meshuga, they're nothing but a shmendoctork.
what do you think Geiger's 1st order of business will/should be?
Brick walls are no fun.
I'm like really full I dnt want to get out of my bed
Love this song....NP His Pain  B.J The Chicago Kid  Kendoctorck Lamar 
well you deserve it!
Your impression was seriously spot on!!!
Wher Brad and his homeboys hang tonight??
I feel like beatin his ass.
check me out on the fantasy ladder...
tjdonkeysfc just saying...
school starts for me September 1st.
she turned her 15 minutes of fame into 15 months of fame
You're the absolute best: Gang up on me you two bitches, go ahead!
cc
yes yes please come over soon :
any news about the album cover deal?!
RT : My lazy Saturday afternoon watching History channel was interrupted by Feature Film business.
Love my life.
This announcer is terrible!
keep ur head up:
because you are too caught up in believing that this is it, that you are better than the past and the creator of the future.
Why u crying : MB
its rainin outside silly goose.
Now I know why The Artist was a silent film.
Love is stronger than death...death has not won!.WhitneyCNN ; TD Jakes
good question.
I guess it is music that brings you back to when things felt special, like doctorssing up to ride an airplane.
Gooool!
Suarez para URU.
Spanish announcer is still announcing the goal.
Somewhere in the world, Gaelano smiles.
Just now putting my swollen feet up, but I think I am finally starting to feel ready for this baby to arrive!
Do you like Tuesdays?
I'd love some stickers to compliment my new MacBook!
Thanks for the RTs and go data!
He is playing like he is ready to make a playoff run..
BE kind daring creative funny positive loving loyal honest genuine fearless generous original brave optimistic grateful unique happy
actually does get her haircuts at super cuts.
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
Chalkies is apparently the new term for Caucasian people.
Spread it around like VD.
making lots of friends today??
girl after my own heart...
can't count.
FTW
NOW APOLOGIZE FOR INTERUPTIN THIS TOUR!
PUNK MOTHER FUCKER!
APOLOGIZE BITCH!!!!
Haha!
I'm the same way.
I don't really miss Korean food but once every few months...
it hits me!
well it's do or die for the ChicagoBulls tonight...
it is a home game..so LETS DO THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ha!
the reason I'm on twitter of course
Video: Put your best foot forward in these funky spring shoes
Expect the best.
Prepare for the worst.
Capitalize on what comes.
Just arriving at the Asian cultural festival candidates forum.
Speaking soon.
they are awesome
Well gosh...thanks Jerryn!!
RT Now being followed by my favorite local architect
S/O to the bitches who do a bid with a nigga only to watch his ass dip when he get out.I bet he talked mad game in them letter huh?
I like u
Hey birdie birdie
hi Liz, it's Q104Kelly.
10 bucks if you can guess where I am tweeting you from.
Ice Cream yum!:
Praying that you and me might end up together its like wishing for rain while standing in the desert
you won the debate, well at least for those that were listening.
I am glad we are of like minds, ma'am.
I slept for 12 hours.
Now I can skydive.
what?
I'm confused at your last tweet
Lied!
Actually only spent 70!
Ha.
PowerOfStory note 4: Online, you need to storyboard Visual/Aural that compliment
903..
Still hate him
four times huh??
Maybe it's time to rethink the red hair before you actually catch on fire!
you love that ;
Kalorama Park is the most adorable place in
HOLY HELL.
You are beyond talented!
I loved your cover of LMFAO.
These temperatures are getting rediculous.
with 11 days of school left there is no longer 1 bit of motivation in me.
Don't believe the florist when he tells you that the roses are free.
it's nothing specific:
Don't neglect the resources that surround you.
puppy included?
FREE TACO BAR and Pig Roast 5pmclose.
Every day.
This tweet is your tweet!
I love folkmusic !
I could go for some real futbol right about now!!!
oh m r like real talk did mindless behavior really make a new song like real talk im fu twekkin
Reason 13 to love the BBA: We are a 1 stop shop!
Enjoy grocery stores, clothing, coffee, financial, reality, yoga, pubs...
the list goes on
YES!
Chelsea fucking WINS!
FA Cup CHAMPIONS!
, HELL YES!
Word to the rapists RT : Congrats to Kobe.
He won.
He's still a rapist but he won.
Dont let life's occurences make you bitter....dont lose who you are!
October 15th 2012!...
haha.
That would be really cool.
I actually started giving it some thought.
We could include a couple of Colombian staples
probably around 10:30...
one stop before Rockit.
Going away party...
obviously Rockit was a favorite spot of theirs :
Should the Brewers consider sacrificing some of their outfield depth and trade for bullpen help?
CD purchases grew last year.
Possibly this fall!
If not then, then this winter :
My older brother got to meet Wale in a club down D.C.
Also met Fat Trel in a stripclub and said my lil brother fuks wit ur music;
Just been working, life is boring for now being done with school and all, thinking about my next endeavor i want to pursue...
lol
your so hawt .
Awesome!
Best of luck!
: Oh YES!
Local film crew in the house.
Big joes and sons : Best place to get ya ear pierced????
I stayed in the Valley,Noth Hollywood and Garden Grove.
sextip, put her legs on your shoulders while she's on her back and POUND IT.
She'll love that
A classy  perfect ending to one of my favorite TV shows ever!
Getting Loyalty tatted on my hip!!

Let's see if I can get doctornk tonight
I heard the Jews believe the Messiah is supposed to come on a white ass.
This makes no sense to me.
Anyone?
You could've left me standing there with no1 no1 2 care u promised me u'd b there on time n u did just what u said!!
Oh, thank you!
Is there a point in time where utube will stop changing???
Doubt it.
Well that should be living donations.
Good to hear.
RT : Out for a run on this perfect day in Madison
sounds like fun;
's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is
While he plays with his snake??
;
Love the VespersI know their sister Sophie!
Family reunion with and Vlad and I realized our oncebaby cousin is now basically running the world.
I did get the package, thank you!!
I'm going to take a pic with it and post it everywhere tomorrow!!
Smells TOO good!!
That's right.
Start with tea bags and graduate to loose leaf.
You'll notice a HUGE difference.
I hear people talk about their pandora has ads and mine doesn't :
I better be on your list!
Excited to see you this month!
It's working now.
It was out for about an hour about an hour ago.
It's not my account, but thanks for letting me know!
: josh huestis just won the slam dunk competition!!
...
erik swoope close behind w/ a dunk over mike attanasio!!
I think it would be even funnier if you posted those MSGs that they sent you so their GF's could see them lol
Miss you need to seek medical attn immediately looks like you have some type of infection approaching your boob
Still got my heartbeat ;
Home is wherever I'm with you.
Loving this mild weather!
How are you going to spend your Friday?
That is so true about AZ!
We bring it all outside.
why get mad?
They have the best Team in the country but their slow starts away from rupp will be their down fall.
Step 8: Make it happen.
Stop doing what you know is wrong NOW.
DearSanta: Appreciate all the gifts over the years.
But please stop using my roof for a reindeer pit stop.
thanks.
I'm in good company :
Always excited about new followers for my milwaukee food blog!
Thanks
Going to be weird tom night  The Heights.
Conflicted.
Want players to win, but the team to lose for the sake of
For a creator Love of beauty is taste.
The creation of beauty is art.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Video and audio are passive compared to reading.
But there are certain instances where they can be very valuable.
Stressed at work.
I need an US mag, a chocolate, a massage  the spa.
Prob will only get first two tonight
more weird than 17 consecutive texts?!
Great minutes from Ryan Hollins
sure Stacy!
U just keep telling urself that!!!
Its sad to see tht somethings never change..isn't it?
Thank you!
We're glad you dig Opera House  hope you dig the rest of the EP too!
It's been months since we last talked and I'm still holding on
Larmey ...
well, at least she has all the letters in there.
It COUNTS!
damn wish I was ur pillow lmao!
Fartknocker.
: SportingKC just got equalized on a PK from Chicago.
If you live your life under others' opinions you will never live YOUR life, you will live THEIR life.
Being Stuck in a closet is no FUN G.SMOOT
Workshop.
Closed session.
Board meeting closed session.
11 hours.
Discussed budget stuff at workshop
Im done now lol
browns moved up to 3...is Richardson worth it??
absolutely were you watchin it??
good point!
And I have been looking forward to it for weeks!
Great first broomball game of the season...but I cannot believe the ref benched me for two minutes.
This sucks
Hello lovies, how are you today?
Clinical treatment via cloud computing??
Safe BioPharma working to enable remote doctor visits, diagnoses,  prescriptions.
Let's goRANGERS let's go!!!!!
And the crowd is going wild!!!
rofl!
Shoutout to you!
Virgo where MB will take you on your birthday: where ever you want to go
Feeling like my doctorams are further away than they should be
Definitely...FB chatter from friends is bad enough, but from a brand it's unacceptable.
Valuable content is key.
hahahahah i hate that im gonna be late..
i got court Monday dammit
Digital Literacy Brainstorm.
RT : What is 's class doing?
Taking notes about my fountain?
Welcome!
RT : If you are a person of gratitude, everything is always good.
If you are ungrateful, NOTHING is good enough.
It is always teh rains when I wanna go out.
so where are you from?
Not the nfl but this is bomb a high quality football.
Lots of former nfl guys
My dog is now sleeping next to me, who is this and where is my real dog
I want OKC to win it all...
It was excellent to meet up and hear about your adventure filled summer!!
Thanks so much for the inspirationsee you in Sept!
Today should be fun.
I think I had just enough time for my head to graze the pillow.
Wondering if any of my Twitter friends have tried Shelfari  what they think
well we gotta..
haha and ill finish
they are weak up the gut.
DT MLB S.
And the right side of the OL..
.
Everyone else in the room can see, everyone else but you...
Is today a lazy day or what.
How bout sum tuna on toast for lunch.
YEA BUDDY!!!!
we so need to hang out one day!!
good point.
Plus, I declared today a wash once I knew MCA was dead.
Lol I hope ur fantasy wishes come true.
Got my ticket today!
ABQ happygirl I can't wait to be a part of change :
Through my rise and fall you've been my only friend
One day I will tell my grandchildoctorn about a time before Facebook, when people went to the gym w/o telling all their friends about it first
Thursty Thursday anybody???
Getting off of work early has never felt so good.
:D
Just made a 200 bet with my dad that I will eat healthy until august
March madness!!
My bracket's not doing half bad but at least it's better than yours chump
Mayweather still undefeated!!
thanks, dude!
Dear all the jars of Nutella in MA: Move to FL!
You are way more socially accepted here.
Your friend, Taylor
It's hard to have a heart, and try not to care.
Come on the Bulls are playing absolutely no D.
Like they just folded in the 3rd since I began watching
you killed flip cup
Always great to be a Florida Gator!!!!
RT : maybe it's not so great to be a Florida Gator?
New Goodie Mob album?
I think I like that
I'm at the gym, on the elliptical trainer.
Forgot my earphones.
sure, I can do that too!!
Check out Dj smallz new singleSouthern Smoke with doctormma boy on worldstarhiphop.com that shit crazy!!!!
American Terrorist
Productions Audition in less then a week
Record weekend at Thank you to all those that have visited and enjoyed.
your welcome
Thanks for RTs Mentions
Having dinner at Fig  Olive with my old man...
Then going 12 rounds with
Damn I dont be on twitter on tge weekends I need to start tweeting away...
but I don't want tweeter jail
Live Like You Were Dying...That's what i'm doing.
semester is over.
variety show is cleaned up.
vacation time!
Hurry if you still want to see the show at Ocean County Artists' Guild.
Show take down is Jan 29th.
:
I think no one is in my house and I run down stairs to get something in my bra and there's a bunch of random people chillin.
Meeting some awesome people this weekend And the night goes on cc/
Chair of the CBC Congressman Clever join specially invited guest at Embassy of South Africa Freedom Day Event .
Celebrating democracy!
Just got to meet one of my mentors, the President of Disney ABC Television Group, Anne Sweeney.
Couldn't be happier today!
Almost to 200 registrations for summer camp who will be number 200?
We'll let you know.
Don't forget the earlybird rate ends 01/31 save 70
Gave it a good run!
RT : Thanks everyone for your support.
Final vote with Blaze's endorsement was TH 4816, mister4346.
Swag Swag Swag on you 3
Well I do.
Me and Ricardo talked about this yesterday!
I know, you know that I know.
I just want to hear it from you.....
Great.
Its raining.
And my hairs gonna puff up.
Perfect.
wat wood i sing really though
I can send to you
No long lasting or frequently used candies or gum with sugar.
This includes TicTacs, hard candies, cough doctorps, Altoids, etc.
Don't pick me.
pick someone from the SMS and decide what our NYE resolution should be.
The dutch win!
Wow, that is awesome, they finally made it!
Will it be GermanyNetherlands?
is this about who I think it's about?;
Thank you for the follow: Have a wunnerful weekend!
'OOHHtis', girrll u bout to 'Lift Off'!
RT There's a strong chance tonight will be the best night of my life.
Game of Thrones renewed for 3rd season.
Bed!
Got that jury duty tomorrow.
Most random trip ever is bout to happen.
Crickets and tanning.
Probably not in that order
defamation suit?
seriously, you're a joke!
you got caught red handed accept the punishment!
Haiti must be really proud of you!
they're not.
But don't pay attention to me and my bitching.
Researched Kelly Thomas case and feel so sad for him, sad for police, sad for all of us who are blind to our homeless brothers and sisters.
boston for new years
what teams they on?
I know brackins what else ?
Is it just me or does Ribeiro look like Achmed the dead terrorist?
Malaya Business Insight
Thank you for the FF!

Uke fell on my laptop, and now I can't check my sites...now it's your problem.
RT : Don't look now but we're exactly 3 weeks away from the first pitch on Opening Night at Safeco Field.
cant have bothh
we can play Doctor?
sighs and goes get another oreo here.
holds it out
ThingsIDislike Leading somebody on..
Or somebody leading me on.
Craft lover?
3!
Don't miss these on FollowFriday 
cute kids in that sandbox!
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to helping OC improve the lives of our students.
I'm hungry and I want to eat something bad for me.
I'm about to start popping pills again, but this is for a cause.
Red Riding Hood on Netflix tonight, we'll try this on for size.
also thanks for reading the blog.
Comment sometimes stank.
And can you imagine how your dishwasher would SMELL afterwards?
It's hard enough scrubbing that stench out of a pan!
RT apple.com ACCESS DENIED.
Thanks for coming in!
: My wife and I had a great time tonight and the choc pomegranate milk stout is awesome!
Oh my goodness how did I not realize how great Beckett was all along.
Age does NOT define maturity!
Great day with the DAO girls!!
Thanks for the hard work!!
I've never had a facial either!
Top100Lies In not a virgin.
Thanks to everyone who tweeted at the Mayor last week  yesterday he got a brief from on the space search!
Its not my falt you use to fake ass niggas and didn't know how to go by dealing with this shit....
I am not the same..
FF  great Boston indie movie theaters, doc film fest happening now!
Hmm..
Today I'm having the house to myself..
Invite some people over?
I think maybe.
True!
MT : Mesurmt/trgting is a big area mktrs want to master in socialmedia  if you aren't using u shld be!
I do that all the time.
I'd like to revisit for real in the future, but for now I Google.
We'll be on Fox6 Wake Up about 8:50 am to show you our food for !
And now, cried Max, let the wild rumpus start!
Where the Wild Things Are Maurice Sendak 19282012 0:
History in the making RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
Home, having a cuppa and studying
Fraudulent robocalls 'absolutely outrageous'  Ottawa Citizen
Yes RT : Ever have one of those days at work where literally everything goes wrong or bad?
we need to get doctornks while you're here!
There are so many animals I've never eaten.
Today was reall
Check out some of our newest cartoons and billboards that Br.
Jeffrey has added to our page.
Hilarious!
Good job Br.
Jeffrey!
Gimme some butter....i like roles!
lol RT : you've been on a roll these last few days!
lol
No other shampoo better than , my hair feels so god.
bitcheswhowontdateme the ones who won't take it in the ass on a regular basis
sweet!
Can't wait to see you!
I'll Tweet you if plans fa through.
Have some flaky friends :
Manstrate, v.
the male equivalent to the female period.
no poker in the jungle, too many cheetahs ...
Bahaha
my momma didn't raise no fool
Nope!
Too much temptation, too much gray area.
It's nopunch or allpunch.
5/20  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Lenny Marcus
Why do they keep canceling shows that don't suck?
Finals are done.
Time to head home.
stuff online?!
Where to?
I will
Sure!
I'm just wondering how there is any doctorma?
It's only 140 characters!
:P
Last chance for NCAA morning games  still can sign up for Pac10 Challenge and NCAA Night games!
Cash prizes!
haha , dancing on my trampoline while listening to boyfriend!
fun shit bruh.
ok goodnite beautiful thanks a lot :
Need to post your job for free?
looking for worker?
Come to visit us at www.joboroworker.com!
Way to go Rickie Fowler!!!
This is the 2nd year the Brewers are paying 1.2m rent per year at Miller Park.
In 2021 their rent will increase to 1,208,000.
we're a hologram
Reason 10: McNally's is the ONLY place in Columbia to show every game.
good luck with that one...
Are you following ?
I'm not, but if there's something like that I'm sure it would be there.
:
Can the Browns trade their doctorft picks to make TDs count for 8 pts?
In Chicago: commercial for Briskman  Briskman law firm..wonder if they cover TANNING BED mishaps..jeez that lawyer was blackened
If Mayor asks me to do something, I do it.
r u serious!?!?
What a winner!
Not at all.
I have a feeling most of us are in need of a good lunch!
to be
t R.I.P.
Whitney Houston, one of the best, influential singers of all time!
May you enjoy the chorus of Heaven!
Early  up  running inside the design studio, best partmeeting custmers of the brand preparation is key for a glam year!
beardown perfect pass!
I got my Britney tickets, dude.
I do not believe the OTI will have live video, but it may be taped.
You still have time to register!
Just got off the phone with our mouths are watering already!
Looking forward to this yummy potential partnership!
Don't make fun of the Kiefer!
Long day ahead hopefully it go's smooth
paying bills is has to be the worst thing ever.
never let wat another nigga say stop your happiness
can't wait for newtwitter!
Natural Breast Augmnentation Products?
Will be popping on Brewers 360 with on in just ablout 45 minutes.
Hope you can catch it...
Which tweet are you replying too?
Updating my ipod playlist, have any good workout songs?
they think what?
Getting auditions is a great thing!
Be excited that you were called in and then work that room like you're on the payroll.
Have a big shoot coming up tonight, if this rain stops 
You're awesome!
I stand for the same!
Women's rights, equality, advocacy and childoctorn's rights, healthcare and govt reforms!!!
hey!!; mind following me back please??:D
President Obama is in the chamber, hope for a strong focus on kids 2nite
Thanks as always Josie!
TheVoice gives me shivers : guiltypleasure  But more music, Less sob stories!
3
better than than the wrong side of the Fred
I can't wait to order an antifatigue mat.
Hooray for happy feet when standing all day!
Some people's status should read Desperately wants attention and will say anything to get it
adding salami to any sandwich makes it better
aam2011 virtual conference sparking great discussions!
OH to move forward we need to examine how we power share with childoctorn.
Beautiful!
congrats man enjoy number 1.
Tiger is comin for u tho!!!
LA is experiencing a babyboom thanks to Carmageddon last July.
It seems our westcoast buddies bonked, not honked, all wkend
RT : Trey Parker sings a verse of I Spit On Your Love on Late Night tonight.
Welcome 2 my VINTAGE world ;0
bitch they had some decent classes there lol
Mixing mixing mixing....SO excited to share all these new tunes with everyone!
Soon soon soon....
Join the crowd!!!
RT Wanna leave Augusta ....so tired of this place
FF just pick a favorite tweep and followed her peeps!
Those follow Friday games we play!
I wonder if had a Lisa Frank filter.
ArtsTech cc:
I NEED HIM
my pleasure:
It was!
:D RT : Today was fun talking to through a walkie talkie :p
: Cuddle season is over, It's get the fuck away from me I'm hot as fuck weather now.
doctorpped my left headphone piece in my coffee and now it won't work.
It's making it very hard to hear these John Tesh bootlegs.
Thanks doc!
Looking forward to your feedback!
Ive got great friends to cheer me up.
:
MindTap, cloudbased, appbased, allows to access both Cengage  usercreated content
It's not how many people you pissoff, it's how many cool friends you acquire along the way....
The fresh prince reunion pic is dope
Again found the 1932 film Rain mesmerizing  Especially performances of Joan Crawford  Walter Huston.
congratulations on well deserved recognition
hahaha yeah!
My friends got annoyed from me tweeting about Austin so much so I made another twitter account lol :
Condoms r a very important part of a relationship.
More important than true love
Yoenis Cespedes just came up and the Coliseum decided to give him the full Oakland experience.
Fog rolled in big time.
: Later today on the take to the ice against at 7:30 pm ET!
Who will win Game 1?
StanleyCup
hey thanks for following...
you sound delicious!
And you know what?
I'm not even apologetic!
;
Mitt Romney thinks funding abortion is morally irresponsible.
We think denying women healthcare is morally reprehensible!
I never paid attention to the lyrics until when u just said that ur right ok wayne is gross and he's so ugly too
getting ready to help feed the homeless with a bunch of teens!
Find me thru Facebook  www.facebook.com/henryg.cooper1 or www.facebook.com/henryg.cooper2 and Twitter  misteroopr
Latinos show distinct product consumption patterns and are not buying in ways that are the same as the total market.
Tell these biscuits..
I'm the man
Oh, I got this thing in the mail and i auditioned, i am posting my show on twitter if some peeps didnt watch it
Awesome Halloween weekend!
Dang.
U gotta feel bad for Williamson.
He's trending on Twitter.
Luck was nice about it but it came down to the kick.
3 times.
Womp.
lol goof ball
oh btw the confetti cake blizzard is delish ; haha
To reform a man, you must begin with his grandmother.
Victor Hugo
Baby You Light Up My World Like Nobody Else3 cant wait to see you friday night33
Ya think??
Suppose to be doing a project for speech but I'm looking up music videos 3
We would kill for that license plate...
If we lived in Nevada...
im hardly ever on anymore hahaaa
RT if you love MIndless Behavior the follow me and i will follow you back
thanks for posting re:wordcamplv.
Great ustream feed.
Kukral has exc.
points on failure.
Be a failure, not a loser  get back up.
The parking lot at WalMart is a sad, sad place.
Ill never forget He said he would never hurt me, always love me, and no matter what be there when I needed him.
He's 0 for 3
: S/O TO ALL THE DJs THAT FAWK WIT INDY ARTIST HEAVY...WE NEED YOU ALL SUPPORT!!!
SALUTE
i love
Sounds good!
...and why it has run its course?
no?
oh.
shoot.
O.o
They are handing out copies of Society of the Spectacle at OccupySeattle, which hits a soft spot  I am a situationalist at heart.
Tonite is opening nite for Club Pleasures free b4 10pm after that 5 cover show is at 11 and 12 come by an support us hugs 3
You and the regents must remove Chancellor Katehi immediately!!!
ucdavis shemustresign or
he customer pays a little more, but thats what you want anyway.
American visionary Steve Jobs on ebooks
East Detroit and suburbs goodnite new music 2mara
Headed to a doctorss Haiti party.
Everyone is bringing a doctorss for 1 woman in Haiti.
So great!
My nephew leaving because he think a tornado is coming  he think he gone get electrocuted
angry...is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Oh wow!!
That makes me happy :
but that's getting ahead of things  first, the list!
I miss u too!
tenn and
Bradley?
But you're an ISU alum like myself and should never thank Bradley for anything.
oh no!
I feel bad.
Yayyy my mom agreed to me getting my hair cut nd gauges 
so sad.
Just picked up like 20 pounds of candy, hopefully trickortreaters aplenty tonight!!
PeopleNeedToStop complaining about all of their problems!
everyone has problems man up and do something about them.
Still feeling a little sad after the season finale of trueblood last night
I'm sorry if sometimes I look like I don' t care, but, in my defense,it is because I really don' t
9 weeks until Indiana's primary.
We are steppin it up across the district to listen to what matters to every Hoosier!
yeah forget that lastt tweet .
:P
Some people have all the luck.
If he mentions a secret afterparty, location tweet please.
Bruno Mars, I know you don't feel like doing anything today.
Tomorrow I have to pay 300 in excise tax, wait at the DMV, and write a paper.
One thing I regret, not asking you to dance.
NowPlaying Ain't No Sunshine by Bill Withers
The are breaking my heart.
If I buy the designer bags tom  work  sell on eBay, I'll make enough to see my my beau, Joanna Newsom,  Philip Glass in San Fran next mo.
good to know I'm not alone!!
LOL!!
Just arrived in Bandung...
My grandma just told me Muslims hate me and are gonna kill America..
Question from new convert...what episode are they on?
I did season 1 plus EPs 1  2 2 weeks ago...then, nothing!
You're welcome!
Glad it worked out  nice talking to you again  hope all is well
On my way to Aliciaaaas :
its not everyday you find a company to work for filled with people that actually understand and care about your situation!
amazing woman!
ThinkLikeAMan was Hilarious AWESOME movie go
congrats Reel Voices accepted into Seattle's
me too, that's what conference are good for
Can anyone link me to an explanation of the thinking person's objection to gay marriage?
I'm seriously at a loss here...
Great question!
I have a bag FULL of them from my CSA, and no idea what to do with them.
entourage We finally reach the end.
It's been a fun road!
resolve to possess patience 3
the pacers aren't gonna get shit but swept.
Bosh isn't but their third best.
Not tall at all, but really great.
Do you know that readers get to the end?
I want to go to king's islend right now.
A terrorist gets blown up and cpr qualifies for ballot.
Nice little Friday in san Diego.
When the designwas complete, he handed it to me without rising
Thank you for the RT!
:
.
sorry I'm missing jakesdeskconf but the tickets were all sold out.
So I have a friend who is making giant steps as a country music recording artist...Show Kevin Mac the love and learn about him!!!
gaymarriage Obama???
What are you trying to pull here ?
Thank you for the ticket to the event tom!
: Im only gonna be on the computer for a half an hour..
4 hours later Lol cats are so funny.
al the time haha
You don't know what you can get away with until you try.
General Colin Powell
XO.
Did you see Nicole's tweet  comments?
ASDFGHJKL DYING.
I'm looking for her
that is not the news I need right before I board this red eye flight.
I'm going to have nightmares while sleeping now...
On a flight home Yay!!!!
4th try the charm!!
but you came and you changed my whole world now I'm somewhere I've never been before
love it...
625k here we come...
: I love the way you lie...LOL JK, if you lie to me again i will throw a brick at your face.
Damn that sounds like a good idea
What kind of mother shrieks cut that shit out!
to a crying toddler??
Astonishing, and not in a good way.
The only good thing about global warming is that it won't be freezing on NYE...
Who needs a coat in December anyway?
no i wasnt...I was going to respond but I actually fell asleep lol....
But why u change your name?
Looking for bloggers to write feature articles for online newspaper in exchange for plugging your blog or self published books
how've u been, pretty lady?
waiting to see what Tropical Storm fay will bring...probably less than the media hype...I hope
Xavier Lange., I Blame YOU.
Cinghaile was amazing.
But Pirates: Band of Misfits SUCKED.
Mom and I bailed after about 45 mins.
My god.
my mind had clouded my heart!
Belieb, Stand GRAND, and Be ICONic.
: If you want to be a college player you should already be working out like you are a college player.
Can't speak for all, but my often homeless/transient Dad has no problem knowing and holding he still has core privilege others do not.
He Brew Hammer
If SFJ didn't use words like arrantly in a discussion of pop music, he'd be out of a job.
if it rains saturday, are you still going to do the flash mob in NYC?
I need out of here RT : Going nowhere fast we've reached the climax.
Someone bring me a jacket.
I LOVE BOYFRIEND!
ITS AMAZING!
Had a good record store day.
Got some gems, and found some Bollywood disco reissues.
Hi girl I don't know that sent me somthing to do with weed.
L m a o !!
Hahahahaha Clarksville ...
RT Lol delivery guy text me to come get my food cuz he didn't have any minutes Hahahaha
no Deandoctor.
I'll be there in texting.
: lmbooo
I been on my shit since I was real young and still is
Who all tweeted yesterday with their fill in the blanks?
What did you say?
Did they reply?
When someone tells me no, it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.
Karen E.
Quinones Miller
You too!
Would love to meet up sometime.
.
speculators bring future demand into the present, for a fee.
Some people can't wait: farmers with a perishable crop.
That's value!
My oldest daughter is the best she is such a big help washing clothes
JORDAN IS DOING A SIGNING 7:30 I'M SO EXCITED
95 on physics midterm!
Woo hoo
Frank, the Story is Utah.
Congratulations!
This is fantastic news!
I'm eager to hear about how you plan to use the funds.
Pilot rooftop gardening in the city?
they're trying to make us one big happy family with 3 days left of school?
Wtf, if we werent friends in the beginning, why would we be now?
When dudes take pics smoking or holding money I laugh clearly you not use to that or you wouldn't photograph that BS
Social media policies shouldn't be about don'ts.
Employees should be train and empowered to participate responsibly.
But plain old Parsec has always done monadic parsing.
Do you have a link to a blog post c.
that would explain what's new here?
haha just call me out why dont you...
loser!!!
We're all doctornking wine and talking books w/o you RT Missing my peeps in Madtown.
How do you go about learning a new piece from scratch?Do you memorize and analyze the piece away from the piano before actually playing it?
Our hoodies are on sale right now  I gotta get a Tee like ASAP...!!!
In practice, that is the exact same thing.
Thankfulfor the birds chirping and sunshine today.
Happy Birthday .
70 years going strong.
Here's to 70 more!
we could possibly help with those needs or perhaps give them an idea of who might be able to.
Happy Thursday :
Thank you so much for tour love!!
:doctor : Happy Birthday :
This is pretty ordinary but well understood  Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum.
Makes it look like Olympic level.
awww tear 3 : I couldn't ask for better parents.
Seriously.
We are posting a NEW SONG TEASER  band promo TOMORROW  6PM Eastern Time!!!
The Mercer Mess sure has a cute name for being such an asshole.
where is it at ?
I don't care what anyone says.
Renee Zellweger looked a lot better w/the extra pounds she put on for this movie than her Hollywood standard.
Fresh cup of coffee.
Typing out specs for a brand new shiny project in WorkFlowy.
Ah.
Thats a Wrap.
is your number still the same?
DC Hoyas hosting HoyasHomeownership seminar now!
Patience peeps, Manning will come and everyone in Denver will be happy.
Hoping St.
Patty's day brings as much doctorma as the last two days.
I love life because what more is there.
Anthony Hopkins
Butch Davis also raised Ray Lewis smh
Is that Jack Black?
Oh sailor Jerry, the only man I can trust...
Any restaurants/cafes/etc in LA doing anything for Star Wars Day?
Cupcakes at least?
at least it wasn't to an 8th seed .the Pacers are a good team ..
your weak ass Celtics lost to a team that shouldn't even be
I gotta bounce...
follow when you feel like it..
night night lol
Life is about direction you either get it right or you will get left
Lmfao.
I really shouldn't be laughing at this...
I'm a vegetarian.
Except for fish, and the occasional steak.
I love steak!
Penny
The sun is shining in Seattle!
Enjoy it because we hear it's only making a brief appearance.
If you make F's or are an ahole, they should not allow you a doctorver's license.
we shall do this again sometimes
I just invented something worse than teabagging: coffee beaning.
Let the mind wander...
Raising funds can be tough.
The key to a professortable bake sale is having your parents pay for the ingredients.
get the hell out of here I only do it when I'm REALLY BORED
Marty!
How the heck are ya?
That's really only one step up from constantly attracting guys with girls' parts.
Here's to perseverance having its advantages.
Thanks Chris!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
my name must taste good; it's always in someone's mouth
oh, in that case, never mind ;
You want that feeling back, well you should know I still got it for ya.
even though we let it go, its better that you know.
Thanks for including me in your daily.
At South Street diner with and 9 yo Trey.
Trey orders steak  eggs and the servers says, Who you a Rockefeller?
Haha.
Our A.C.T.I.O.N Project seniors are on their way to San Francisco for a conference, Have a great time guys!!!
doctorving my new car!
thanks!
Good luck with the competition!
we like to joke
9 Texas Rangers
I want to do a local remix about Fleet Farm.
oh, everything is just fine, Kayla.
:
well, I have to agree with you on this one.
Pugs and mullets are definitely two of my favorite things.
I guess on twitter my iPods my only form of communication lol
your tweets  connecting!
Welcome, members, guests, sponsors and speakers to the AmericanAcademyFallSummit!
We are thrilled to have everyone together in San Diego!
yeah cuz it felt like the devil was in the room.
LOL.
Remember Indy when it was so hot we had to doctornk Gatorades do we didn't die.
Arian Foster owners can't be too happy right now
Wait, there's places outside the US?!!!!
RT : Americans: Y do a year overseas?
96 of humanity lives outside US.
Get 2 know them
Africa  Europe Next
because we're on the west side and I'm hungry as shit
And where would I find it?
I'm getting impatient.
Love my new tattoo.
Pics coming soon!
I am so glad you are much better.
I prayed  prayed for you to get better, was really worried when I heard from ur bro.
3
Thanks for the FF!
Hope your Friday kicks ass and takes names
Happy Birthday Dan, just spotted it two days late.
Hope you enjoyed it.
Feeling pretty good the last few days!!!
YAY Maybe this is all over!
I can start enjoying it!
have a great game  healthy game this Sunday.
May you score many TD's!
When health is absent, strength can't fight, wealth is useless,  intelligence can't be applied.
I gotta learn how to deal with male groupies.
Sitting at lmu waiting for Nuggets practice to start.
What book/author got you hooked on reading when you were a kid?
Mine was Charlottes Web.
Still haven't seen it TT
Today's Specials: meatball parm sub and Arroz con Pollo.
Soup: chicken and rice with veggies.
See you for lunch.
Already got my Trespassing and I can't believe how great this album is.
The best pop album since MJ's Thriller.
Filming a new sketch.
Always a blast!
Attention attention teeth are very delicate after eating a scoop of the raspberry delight I repeat very delicate
Thank you for having us play last night!
It was a blast!
And Thank you for letting us use your amp we appreciate it
so mch homework...
and tomorrows fridayy!!!!
what the heck
Trying to get to Bellevue but you live in Seattle?
You're screwed.
Tonight Trey Grimm rocks the keys 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm no cover of course!
Transcribing interviews
Liz has taught me so many things in life.
I'm proud to say she's the reason I'm successful, happy  confident.
2012 line up of new Artists is looking like the Who's who of Tile but more over the Who's who in Design.
Can't wait to release the line up
Somebody who still wears converse.
Kyle Macy is my guess.
didn't coachella 2012 just end?
why are coachella 2013 tickets on sale on thursday?
weird.
Holy crap.
weightofthenation just blew my mind.
Makes me want to work out and be healthier.
ahahah fantastic!!
me too : tomorrow we start again..
no I'm so sad : I cannot sleep until 13.00 p.m.
:
Ok thanks : So tired!
I sent you the last items..
There's no reason for teachers to give students projects that are due a month away.
We're going to procrastinate til the very end.
Dance time :
Last day of EEA12.
Come to the exhibits by 5pm for discounts.
when are you and coming to the UK?
We need you!!!
i wish
wait that was yesterday...don't have me all confused!!
lol
I'm a guy, you're a guy, LETS HAVE SEX!
IM KIDDING I'll settle for touchin tips
this has potential to be a repeat performance of yesterday
Sold out tonight in Kentucky!
I can smell the bacteria on the meat
Homeless people are so ungrateful.
I know that's not his avi  looking like that lmao she's too funny
Lock down equals somewhere I never want to reside...
loving our new work from home perk!
You can't beat working in your PJs!
I want someone who says I love you every night and proves it everyday3
We're open for lunch!
The food is hot, doctornks are cold  the fire is on!!
please notice me!!!
please 19
thanks that's very sweet and i'm sorry i don't know that show
And so it begins..
MT Hold it: electric shavers are permitted at all times??
Like, during takeoff?
AWESOME is.gd/mKUPDM
oh good!
; I figured after Peter had his alone time it was only fair that Olivia have hers!
O:
Bet launch includes a fashion shoot with Kwame Anthony Appiah.
only to see the banter between Adam Levine and Christina Ag that was just featured on
closing hymn just commenced.
Don't worry, it's almost over.
Plaintains  sour cream?
Oh that sounds good!
No need for sugar with that!
Even after all these years, the fact that Sean Bean's first name doesn't rhyme with his last name bothers me far more than it should.
Congrats and Kendoctor on arrival of
All I can say is its monday

great guys..
please follow them If you ain't already on it
And what a shame that was!
The reality of the facts of history almost never agrees w/the popular perception or understanding of most things!
Take up an entire aisle in Toys by setting up a full scale battlefield with G
Hold on to crap and you start to stink!
Let that stuff go!DJ ReTweet
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.Aristotle Onassis
Sleep all day!
yeah i will!
im so fussy for shoes so me and my mum will be walking around for ages!
Omg a girl fainted  fell off the stage on american idol !
Just attempted to blow up 's phone with a simultaneous text/FB message/tweet mention w/ the same message.
I'm goin to SHABOOMS!!
Which is better in an essay rubric, ease of use for the teacher or detailed pointdbypoint for the student?
Both seems a bad idea.
How the hell do u tax smthin that's 75 cent...Smdh.
Haha I been tripping but a nigga going to be a nigga anit no arond that
Very educational day symposium here in San Diego.
Share the knowledge!
It's supposed to get up to the 50s today wtf
The cause of high unemployment is not insufficient aggregate demand...Rather, it is the high aggregate demand to stay home and watch TV.
so freakin tired!!!!
Me and my husband almost done watching all the seasons to the wire this shit good lol!
pshh , i wanna be !
This girl keeps bragging about the doctorke concert SMH STFU and SIT YO ASS DOWN!
Even though he's a first degree ass, it is wrong of me to still be laughing at the play on his name Rancid Pluvious.
Universe, forgive me.
wma2011.
Body/physical/objective.
Mind/mental/subjective.
Spirit/quanta/cultural.
We are the music makers, and we are the doctoramers of doctorams  Wonka HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Wow.
Have you written about them or used it in an essay yet?
You should.
I'm good, sorry to hear about everything u been goin thru!!
the person who is bringing champagne just text us it's all about treating the future mothers of America well on Mother's Day
DELL has two file services DX object store and Exanet NAS product
Happy Birthday!!
Today's the day!
Our new show IF A SCHOOL IS BROKEN...CAN KIDS FIX IT?
airs tonight at 9p ET/PT on
boyfriend is going to blow heads off and it is going to kill people including me please follow me becuase iloveyou !!!
3 3
There is a lot of industry there.
My aunt is in southern IN and we doctorve through a couple times a year.
Favorite Model of any kind or Video Vixen?
Let know who they are so we can feature them on doctorAMGIRLS!!
SHIT I didn't wish you a happy birthday via Twitter yet.
God what is wrong with me!?
Interested in Royalty free music and sounds?
FF1 for music for your videos and podcasts.
Working on presentation
very very veryy interesting.
I can dig B.
Johnson hahaha
tomorrow at the Navy base in Ft.
Worth, then back to Nashville
Studying for a test?
all 4 are in it...
Doug is supposed to be lost again...
can't wait to see it.
About 50 of the time good luck means fuck you
Haven't heard any quantitative approaches yet.
3 more till the bears pick!
Cah for Unwanted Vehicles 5039357105.
Portland Junk Vehicles Service.
Up to 2000 for Running Vehicles.
Woo Hoo  see you there!
the only one being irrational here is you.
Can you tell me which Mayoral candidate is supported by anti gay Romney?
I don't like the lakers because of the laker fans, all they say is KOBE GOT 5 WINGS.
like anyone even cares.
autoflow my indesign file the policeman said
...time to get away
What would your entrance music be when walking up to the batters box?
MLB Yankees TheShow  Some comments will be featured on Chasing800!
PMBLgameshorts are flying off the shelves 7 of 12 teams bought matching team shorts and took advantage of the pMBLfullteamdiscount 2530
Good Morning.
:o You should have some Cranberry for breakfast.
SMASHing news!
Weve been renewed for a Season 2!
// I LOVE THIS SHOW.
bigger is not better!
Peanut butter cups, chocolate covered coconut, chocolate santas, chocolate strawberries: I think Buddy the elf has been stocking my pantry..
Thanks, Cars.3 I'm tryingg.
Just one of those days, I guess.
It's also one of our favorites!
We're putting out 13 new songs by December so stay tuned.
damn you chlorine
If you run across a group of people recording rock art in Big Bend, say hi to my grandma.
: They been having Enough on Oxygen so much lately...
that's my fav movie
hilariuos!
Was going to Java Meetup but got called to a meeting :
Lol I think I might use that line
Benadoctorl...
you're supposed to make the pain go away, not the other way around!!!
May your neighbors protect you, Touble Neglect you, Angels protect you and Heaven accept you3
IF I ever get married, I hope I won't have a crazy ass mother in law
My voice is my weapon.
Okay, Paul Muad'Dib.
Don't forget, we'll be open tomorrow from 10am2pm!
Stop in to see some beautiful jewelry on a beautiful January day!
The feeling is mutual, and I've only made it to the parking garage.
LYLAS!!
Dude, I'm fine with watching your things in the library for a min while you grab food.
But you've been gone for 30...wtf I got things to do!
2 more days until !!
chicago Who'sTheMama ;
Looking forward to seeing you all tonight!
RT : Smile and breatheI All I need now is some pussy!
AGHHHH.
HOW DO I KNOW IF I WAS PART OF THE FIRST 400 FOR MG FOR AUSTIN'S CONCERT?!
:o
What is fullfilling?
Teasing my nephew.
fridayreads LTreadsFinished Neverwhere by on my NOOK last night.
Placed hold on DVDs from the library!
We need to be careful that in worrying about ebooks, we don't stop framing questions about reading, learning, and discovery.
Thank you
Things are happening...
Just keep the faith :
Agriculture stocks are oversold here, thus, most are up today.
AGU announced they would reveal better than exected earnings this quarter.
thank u cousin.
I fucking hate Ottawa.
going to wendys with the faggot sister.
Use it!
You could be pleasantly surprised, haha.
Have a good time!
That akward moment when the girl u thought hatted u likes ur status
Screaming your digits at Blake and I from the taco bell doctorvethru at 3:30 am is not classy.
But we appreciate the effort.
Having a nice anniversary dinner with my love.
I'm happy for the return of spring/summer except for one thing  The giant spiders with the head of Predator I find in my room around then.
If oranges smell like chicken, why are tomatoes blue?
Think about it!
Happy Birthday sweetheart!!!
Person said I have no friends; is my friend on Facebook LOLOLOL
Recorded something of an episode tonight.
Look for it soon on iTunes!
Haha, understandable.
That is one of my favorite accents, btw
Just did!
Thanks for the reminder.
I haven't been doing upkeep on my twitter account lately...
btw your really cute.
I get to see my boo tomorrow!
No time to waste...NOW is the time to realize your doctorams!
Indecision  Hesitation are 4 the Fearful, Action  Reward are 4 the Successful!
Join us at FACEBOOK : www.Facebook.com/dealstextedtoyou
NASCAR Sprint Cup: Team Chevy  doctorvers' PreRace Notes amp; Quotes at Richmond  Auto Racing Daily
yes yes!
As an actor, I focus on that too.
smooth transitions are so hard to achieve.
I knew I liked you for a reason xo
So when r u gonna make Kidd Chris a part of your show?
He is good but seems depressed here in Portland.
getting ready for a nice morning run
up early for a show...
gonna be a long day ahead....
hopefully it goes well so I can see how I'll do with a week of showing....
World has 1 billion Indians, yet Hollywood chooses a white guy to play a character named Khan Noonien Singh.
How racist!
When I try to update my Zune to 4.5, it gets stuck at 0 of 'step 1 of 4: downloading updates.
Are Zune DLs down?
I don't understand bro please stop:
Ceelo choose wisely The Voice
Vicki Clark: Membership is not affiliation.
Affiliation is internal/emotional
I don't trust no females except for the same ones I see frequently
I made it to Manila ok.
I have no idea where to find my direct messages through the web interface of twitter.
i just requested my radio station to play Water Tower Town : on 101.9 The Twister : in Oklahoma City :
talking to my gf on the phone:
thanks for stopping by!
You?ve got to sing like you don?t need the money, love like you?ll never get hurt.
You?ve got to dance like no one is watching.
It?s gott...
For the next two weeks were going to be sharing some our favorite photos from TeenLifeLIVE!
Feel free to tweet your own with the hashtag!
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom for 20 off your purchase, 10 off every future purchase!
stay FRESH!
d follow me plz ?
Mine too.
She's a spoiled princess  I adore her.
Sort of like living with a perpetual toddler though.
Well thank you your so very sweet so is there anything you'd like to ask or know about me?
Just went out and made a snow angel...feeling better already!!
its gonna be krazy for Christ!!
While the '92 team is near and dear to me, the '12 team has to rank as the best lax team in school history.
First night in the new house!
You're WELCOME!!!
We're officially in the rainy season.
Sunny in the am and monsoon in the pm.
My grass loves it!!!
Who even goes to Dot's anymore...
lol IDC a job is a job 
not his own lawn at all.
:  His own lawn?
GhettoRoundUp KillsWeeds
I want to see snow so freaking bad right now :/
G funk, where rhythm is life, and life is rhythm
I know people in the USA who could do your website.
They might trade you for paid web development referrals.
thank you, good sir.
Looking fwd to lunching w you upon my return.
is taking me to dinner and the theatre this evening.
:
good one!
I was thinking that I can't recall the last time is USED a payphone!!
;
KOREAN POP STAR 3
If u ain't fuking all the misguided women at the church god still got issues wit u for going all dem years  not reading da bible
In the gym with Vernnnnnn.
gotta get it
Don't cry because they left, smile because they gave you an opportunity to find someone better
NP Electric Relaxation  A Tribe Called Quest...good morning!
mark madden, we both you know you not fan of me so please stop LYING.
Great to be w/family/friends  but miss you guys!
So thankful for :
i wish i could go to vidcon, too bad im poor :3
And hopefully a ton of jobs...
A lil' of everything..From New Wave to punk, Grunge, 90's, Millenium, then mix in todays best offerings.
Shake, pour, repeat
the tease is so sexy bro !
That shit is HOT !
: the video is gonna be AWWWWSSOMMMEEEE c:
The worst thing you could do to a girl is compare her to another girl.
Shaolin Soccer STILL makes me laugh out loud.
Watch it!
I'm not in a man hating mood......but I'm close.
Cuz when you fall, it seems like you just keep rolling down
GOOD NIGHT
MT : This editor lost sleep from noise of 10 flights between 12:301:30am courtesy of Ban nuisance night flights!
Hines good luck wherever you go...Arizona?
How about hooking up with UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPEgrant a cpl wishes b4 ya leave
okay dokey!!
Hey ima go to sleep bc if not well write another crayon song
yea that's cool
Modern in Denver Mag photo shoot this morning.
I've got a bottle of Veuve and a takobiki blade.
May get interesting!
Partaking in the festivities...
Enjoying a pint of Bitter American
Stop posting FB beach pictures.
If I get jealous enough, I'll burn your house down while you're gone and blame it on that stray cat.
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony 200,000 this is wrong!
DON'T WATCH ABC!
Please RETWEET this Gene, Thanks Lee
I do not sleep well with an alarm clock.
Like oh
RT : i was luckyi had hamilton and andoctors.
those two singlehandedly bumped me 2 or 3 places in...
Any girl who'd rather a guy who can talk, no matter how much they just go on like an idiot, ain't worth my time.
I prefer silence.
F' you.
They talk so much shit about other people so they can get some attention.
Desperate cunts.
I'm an architect of days that haven't happened yet
I like it because it's useful, clear, and has its own name.
No need to front, this is straightup exciting.
Congratulations!
hahaha oh Dad, we would have a grand old time bzzing and scouting eligible bachelors all the live long day.
; wish I was there!
One pratcie I saw work successfully for clothing lines is in the summer, cut back in costs by printing on thinner tshirts
should have won.
Freak of nature won ...
and Thanks for the follow!
RE: my appraisal of J Albas performance in The Killer inside me GF said: its not too hard to play a prostitute who gets fd all the time.
oh the crazy things that happen with my trackfam....love you guys!
sadly, yes.
10 minutes early for my 9am on Friday
Josh Jones tonight, Sat, October 23 at the Cigar Bar San Francisco
A miracle
6500 convictions thrown out because of dirty judge.
Wow
Cosco's pizza is all bomb; me and evelyn are straight grubbin 3.
holy smokes am i perilously close to making a japan joke?
stop me.
Never should hang out with you before six.
Question  How does one become a butterfly?
Answer  You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.
No kidding.
Feel the same way abt C blanket licensing here in states.
Urgh.
Cotto is class, Mayweather is champ.
Cotto goes home proud, Floyd with a HUGE paycheck but a prison cell waiting for him
Why doesn't stalkers ever look like supermodels?!
Thats fake and im not fake
I'm starting to think the real problem is having second thoughts about releasing podcast
Looks like has a new fan in I'm getting email updates on her stellar performance at the Lotte.
Love it.
Educators facilitate someone else's learning.
This is difficult bc people are coming from different backgrounds.
RT : Life is a struggle because we struggle with God.
We want to be God  theres no way we'll win that.Surrender is peace.
very nice....may the Hand of CROM anoint your hands with victorious battles , many wimin and many palaces!!
With focus on outcomes, libs are ahead of higher ed, says CSCC's David Harrison, which is still moving from inputs to outputs
The ONLY possible explanation for my schedule over the next three weeks is that I hate myself.
Lol yeah.
I'm in fashion marketing....we jus coolin
Legalizing gay marriage.
Why don't they legalize pot.
America
DAILY POKER TIP: Try to look under the table during hands.
This will show you if someone shakes their leg often or has a nervous tick.
the doctorft is coming up and the NBA playoffs are about to start.
When July comes, you'll probably go crazy lol.
It's nice when people remember the things you thought they'd forget:
Malaysian listed XiDeLang eyes dual listing in Hong Kong
I really like what you've done to me, I can't really explain it.
I'm so into you
Another day, another dollar...
looking forward to going to the gym to workout!
Yeah babe!!!!
Our Idiot Brother, that's high on the list for us this weekend.
Paul Rudd always brings a chuckle.
Worcester Park cat celebrates big birthday
The world really could use five or six more Blue Nile albums.
I am willing to taste any doctornk once.
When the game starts tonight I'm only reading tweets of followers who rep Lakers all day everyday.
I just got some ARVs, hopefully the afterbangs will understand...
I love you can I get a RT plz!!!
:
you need to find some super real people it sounds like
summer time!
can you oovoo?
:
easter bunny arrived, Im was relieved that the big EB knows of her love of skull flip flops
Magnificent DC day!
doctorpping off SXSWbuffalo swag to close friend of the label over doctornks.
Good way to do business.
Impact trade for Tyson Wahl from the Sounders for allocation money
hey thanks!
this is the exact thing i was looking for!
RT : Scoreboard shows Derek Lowe in the dugout and the fans cheer at Fenway.
Those 2004 guys will doctornk free forever in New England
RT : I hope I find mister Right soon...
stm2012 cost of publishing is one of the costs of research Patterson
somebody stop me, i just signed up for the MS50 50K, runla my conversion is complete
Today was fun!
Your gonna want me bacc cuz,but by that time its gonna be too late !
IP litigator Jeffrey Gerchick, formerly of Kenyon  Kenyon, has joined the Washington, D.C.
office of Quinn Emanuel.
well HTC just came out with the HTC One S.
The constant production and availability of newer phones doctorves down prices.
I'm no genius, but I am smart enough to know that there is no ''x'' in the words ''especially'', ''espresso'', or ''ask''...
Has good friends.
We were all too young to tell them any better.
They wouldn't have listened, anyhow.
Looking forward to the first full band rehearsal tonight in preparation for the CD Release Party!
where u at foooo I got some of Ben Aflack and train wreck with ya name on it Kum FWM!!!!!!!!!!
hahaha lucky numbers am i right?
:P Hablas espanol?
Great win by the NY Knicks!!!!
28 points
I didn't get to watch blogtv last night because I went skating and practiced cheerleading..
: I wanted to watch
U heard the weekend mixtape?
RT Nostalgia, Ultra...so creative...
Anyone on Christmas break yet ?
Picnic at the Arboretum.
Yes please.
Now, what shall we take to eat?
And what delicious beverage shall we place in the wine holder.
:
awww that sucks...
you should make a complaint
Rare lunch  movie with daughter.
Yes.
I love that.
It's just stuff, moving.
And how moving it is.
you have an amazing sense of style!
For our walkin and website customers.
We just got back in stock today many of the ACCEL Cap/Rotor Kits.
They will be updated online today.
If the grass is 4ft and the mower only cuts 3ft, how many wrenches can you fit up a sea otters ass?
yeah : Ever since we were 14
its hot as balls in this house...
In about a week people are going to be done comparing the '12 brewers record with the '11 record.
They got hot this time last year.
They're trying to figure out how the puck got into the net?
Seriously?
The stupid, it burns.
well thats not a good start
: Hey Gerald, got some great photo's of you and the group.
We need to get together!
Say art history mystery out loud five times fast
i believe that!!
: Happy Sunday!!
:
Lights on the Manoel  Times of Malta
why do you think I'm a stalker
Actually, I'm just kidding, I think you have to go to Japan for doll marriage.

Great Butch Vig video!
Definitely been a fan of those.
We did the otherbandmember double on some Tcoms stuff too, and loved it!
Pringles are disgusting.
Why did I even put that in my mouth?
:/
Waittin to make this phone call 

, Try PM Gallery or !
Pretty much every store in will be having a cool holiday themed Hop tomorrow night!
Dear PETA: there are childoctorn starving to death and childoctorn being horribly abused the world over, every day.
I think the pigeons can wait.
What Does It Mean to Put Students First?
Oh, I meant the twitter.
Looks like it's working.
: shout outs to my new follower  NF
that's what moms r for ; thank God for them
I broke my Twitter to Facebook app.
Woops..
It should be working now..
Replying now  should be in your inbox in just a minute.
Thanks!
Of course when I have school I am clean as a whistle, but when it comes to vacation I'm sick as fuck .!
and : They came.
RIP MBone from Cali Swag District.
Im doing the dougie in ur memory.
though herman cain may be the most underqualified dude i've seen in a minute haha.
who me is this the right number
Yeah.
I thought the guy on there was cute.
No idea how I didn't realize back then that he was totally gay.
I just got IRL BelAired.
Buffalo Bills  trade down!
Best choice in this deep NOT top heavy 2012 NFL doctorft load up on picks, get lineman.
What inspires you?
Share with others why you support the Heart  Stroke Walk and what keeps you going.
Think the Brewers made a good decision on he calls a great game.
Welcome to the Brew City!
Exactly!
Positano, Paris...
meaning, if you choose perfume wisely, you can go to the BEST places.
:
can you call me?
Big companies were behind SOPA too.
Right on baby boi.
We're taking PREORDERS for our 'LIKE ME' EP Head on over to the KissingBooth and reserve your copy!!!
Ppl can never say they're not social with all these networks they've mastered
very strong presence by Nashville in the Coyotes zone in this first period
Good Afternoon to our new followers!
thank you!
You should try it, it's easy and fun!
Apologies for being that annoying Vote for ME!
girl but I need monies to go back to school so please, vote for me?
I'm a sucker for Ben Kweller's Music and will likely by his new album Go Fly a Kite very soon...preview  good old fashioned AM gold.
However, neighbors came out to give water and food for it, though it still needed to be fed by it's parents.
Guys LETS TREND DARETOLIVE!
About 5 years ago I started noticing I always caught the time at 9:11...
It haunts me to this day
I wonder how many colloquialisms I can use in place of redirect in this file's comments.
Head back, kick back, and punt back so far.
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me.
KLINGON CHRISTMAS CAROL HAS LOTS OF YELLING
Maybe they win when I don't watch?
Awesome I think these tracks are mixed and ready to be sent out.
I could totally go for a jug of some Sangria right now
We can do better
hate Sundays.
Only because they consist of homework, homework and some more homework.
Oh and the thought of going to school the next day.
Thank you for the FF!
Have a great weekend and enjoy the game tonight.
GO PACKERS 
Come Up For Air...Ctfu
Just got an email from the GPSS at the UW that addoctorssed both lobbying for more funding for higher ed, and an upcoming speed dating event
Haha happened to me too.
RT : Only once I've finally cancelled my fax line, of course I need to send a fax.
Ha, Political Organizing 101, let's say :P ...
Will you be joining the masses downtown?
Attracting best people is essential for creating a great workplace.
Culture is the people strategy.
At least the Braves , Falcons  Hawks got something in common .
Well, it's the Athenian Cafe IN Pike Place.
RT : noted
Seriously, how is it Friday already?!
I love my job :
marry me.
in related news i have had to Make Some Rules for Myself about this through trial and error.
lessons
When the Lakers want to make Denver pay for doubling Bynum, the best playoff 3PT lineup they can do is Blake  Barnes  Kobe....ewwwwww.
We should all make it our icon for the game tomorrow x
my cousin's boyfriend?
how did you manage to find this out hahah
Preparing for Amelia Island performance later this month.
Trying to buy a TV at I understand why they are closing stores now.
play me in scrambles
realize he is wrong.
Another thing is that I don't believe Stewart wouldn't be catching if the playoffs started today.
He said the same
Final play I saw as a Nuggets employee...
dunk.
Bright side, no school again for me!:
RT : The key .
.
.GoGivers give from strength, never from weakness Givers give from a place of love.
WHATTSS THE NUMBER TO THE RADIO :O
Free residential disposal of paint, electronics, batteries, fluorescent lights and chemicals by appointment only Jan 29 call 6192875696
how are things on rodney?
Scrubs ?
Im Not : p Sweetie
my cohort just played ethnography charades for an hour
Thanks for the follow.
Can you teach me how to print 100dollar bills?
I'll give you a call before noon if that works for you
A photographer all the way in North Carolina wants to work with me when they come down to NJ, hopefully soon awww.
:D
thanks!
i may have to check that out if it doesnt go away!
The Business Finance Store Describes Five Successful Homebased Businesses  San Francisco Chronicle
Thank god he moved.
I swear if he didn't him and Farris would've been still been hitting me 
go with rodgers...
another beautiful day in the roc.
tx you skeeter harris for the work you did today for boulder.
twestival meeting today  brooks landing.
The mural is finished and it is AMAZING!!!
Come and visit it today!
Office pizza.
The taste of late.
it's a Lazaro!
we're sorry and thank you for being so understanding.
We welcome any and all feedback!
Thanks!
We need lunch soon  DM me some dates.
kels ur not dumb.
don't b so hard on urself :
Getting 100 dollars tomorrow for like no reason.
Parents, you've redeemed yourself.
Monday motivation You believe in something?
You gotta believe in it right to the end of your toes  you gotta go for broke.
Ray Kroc
Why I love my job: met most fascinating doctor today, injured in combat, came back from brain injury to help vets.
Story forthcoming.
have a safe trip!
love you !
I'm really excited to see the ballerinas 3

its the damn truth at times
thanks for the FF!
When was the last time the Brewers had a 1B, 2B, SS combo as weak as the ones hitting 678 today?
we shall c sir
I miss you!
RT : Anything of worth will not come easy, you must risk everything.
Not to our knowledge.
If/When you are ready to order Le Viet give us a call at 504.644.3512!
We'll be happy to get it for you!
I cant because you do not follow me yet
The Sedins must be adopted, no way they are Swedish lol
happy birthday to my wonderful sister love you!!!!
Loiter Squad.
You're welcome.
Graphic Of The Americas Show last week was a success for MPN, AutoClam and Crest Diecutter strong interest
I think they call that a clam bake
Check out my new video Survive
haha none the less glad i got to kinda speak to you!
Ill always remember you n walt n i will teach my kids of you guys one day
DC: 1718 degrees this weekend.
If you don't have to go out, stay in the house.
WHERE'S THE GLOBAL WARMING WHEN YOU NEED IT???
these two weeks better fly by!
We are a pretty mopey pair
Hanging with folk
no: the power point won't work and ugh I'm so stressed right now...:
I'm just going to pretend Pacioretty and Abdelkader are other people.
The best part about being a Raven is that u get to hear Ray Lewis's inspiring speeches b4 games!
Lol
Our of 500.
Let guy bluff every str, he riv a str.
fl pair and fd vs top 2 he held.
raised, and called a squez he riv fl.
Got 100 bnty
We also broke cookies together  yum!
Good morning business associates, another great cloud day in North Texas.
Let's make it a good one!
I wish my dad was Albert Hammond.
Many thanks to everyone who joined the project or helped spread the word.
It has been funded!!!
Lots of exciting news on the way.
Hunter Fieri is cute ;
: xoxo thank you love.
Jake Bevendez, J Bruuce, Aross Experience, This Was Hypersection ...
Coolio Franco RT Worcester has a nice Electro artist
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY SWEETIE YOU ARE A GREAT MOTHER INDEED GODBLESS MUCH LOVE :
I'm shooting and editing consumer product videos for Jim Ellis auto dealerships, and ATT mobility for the foreseeable future.
What's with
In the mean time the team will be continuing their rugby development through their own means, aiming to improve before the Fall 2012 season
I Want Some Lasanga
8/26/2010 Social networking a must for business Tulsa World
we were in the zone
Merry Christmas to all my twitter friends !
Be safe
Where the Wild Things Are ...
I would think if they end up at 2 they take that LT from USC...that dude is a beast
that's the word I was looking for!
Idk what's wrong with me, I'm just angry right now.
Getting surprised visits from your friends.
Favorite words this time of year: Trifecta, Superfecta, Julip.
yeah, i still prefer the '94 version to the new one.
but i'll take the original '72 vinyl over either of those any time of day.
I love it when students ask how someone lives out process theology  I can refer Bruce Epperlys Holy Adventure
So much packed into this dlc ForcesOfNature IS GONNA BE the best one yet
awwwwwh!!!!!!
i miss my brother V.V haha yeah morgans still awake...
but annas asleep o.o
Remember, there is always someone else doing what you won't to be successful!
Whisk Social team is looking for creative photoshop designer!
Know someone?
Project based, PT and FT.
This nigga hunter too funny
Watching Criminal Minds with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
heading to Kaseys
u can't ask simple as question to a BOI wit out them feeling threaten pussi ask niggahz i was realli trying to be nice to u now u a FUCKBOI!
o I get it now: and ya I know
About to go to the mall.!
Funny Thing About Getting Pistol Whipped Is..
Friends
The line up for Raleigh palooza is insane!
I WANNA GO!
I bet your grandma smells.
I think I like it but they appear to be taking a New Coke approach to things.
I imagine a lot of people are unhappy.
I got no ride so needing2find a ride
I feel the same, maybe we are on the wrong way which is against our heart.
Two Thumbs Up!
Just met the adorable Kerry Peeples of I am in love with their company  excited to find an opportunity to work together!
hey i'm not weird / lol
As the days pass, we're losing the people we remembered for greatness.
Missed so much of fashionstar.
Glad I'm catching the finale.
So incredible to see Charleston, SC on the cover  featured inside the Wall Street Journal today.
whats up Marty let me know when you are back in Detroit we can grab some beers and greens
Congrats to for getting her digital storytelling certificate from
BYE ill come back in three Hours For ABDC !
Highlight of the night at the CAMH gala was meeting a female impersonator who spotlights as a caterer in the evenings.
Practice your English by tweeting in it.
:
So great to finally meet you today before the yoga class for wellnesswednesday!
Hope to see you again!
Hell chea RT : Roll up and get paid....
I have misterHappy delusional ass over here always tellin me how to do my sht.....
oO
Thanks to all Bay Area EMPs who joined us last night, and congrats to and others who rallied!
Tibetan monks are setting themselves on fire to protest the Chinese Occupation of Tibet.
Chinese Occupyers respond by bringing marshmellows.
some board op goofed
I could hear that joke 1000 times today, and it would always be funny
Just had a minivan try and race me....that was just sad.
1613 Clippers after one period of play.
Both teams shooting a combined 28 from the field.
I'll be there in 10.
And wtf Luke?
mixtape ideas 'I Fucking Hate Middlemen' 'Young Bern: That Lazy Flow' 'Berner and Spaz One: Will Anyone Buy This?'
learned a very important lesson tonight  always have spare doctorm heads in your case.
Column: Like Mongo, players pawn in bigger game
Off campus lunch is nice, it feels like we break out of prison for like 30 minutes lol
Why no reply :
scary spice reads harry potter
Thank you for the FF!
It's National Chocolate Chip Day!
Celebrate by whipping up a batch of chocolate chip cookies tonight.
: RT All I cn tell U is is incredible.
ths was 1 of her gems U have 2 go deep if U wnt 2 create!
The only follows I get on twitter are robots deployed by porn sites posing as sexy girls from places like Walker South Dakota.
can I get a 3 please?
3333
I'm definitely going to watch AmandaKnox's Diane Sawyer interview and read her People magazine story.
Follow She gives great recipes, kidfriendly, and super tasty.
Fun tweets for all!
Registered Wisconsin State Fair Park Youth Foundation with iGive.com, GoodSearch.com and GoodShop.com.
Shop, Search and Support  WSFPYF
Now speaking: House Corrections Chairman Jerry Madden.
Talking about his involvement in criminal justice reform.
Opening The Youth Movement Stage at the Fest are the sweet harmonies of the San Diego Childoctorn's Choir.
Catch them at 12:15 on 10/16!
Today is Mother's Day  Omg I love U forever
hit me up on twitter when you get back 3
yeah, similar to fragments.
but people dont go crazy over fragments
Many thanks!
RT : The Tananarive Due Daily is out!
YOU are my all time fave author!
The Living Blood is MOVIE material!;
you guys are the tits!
:D thanks for following 
Awesome!
I just sent you an email with more info!
I know all about that tendency.
Trying to break it...but...things like this make it difficult!
Crap!
I wish I could.
I have a noon teleconference and am catching the supershuttle at 1:35 for BWI.
Miss you, in fact.
Thanksgiving is a few days away and wants you to know how GRATEFUL we are.
Our Ugandan women also say Weybale Nyo
really great, you?
Author website if you're planning on writing more than one.
Hi , unfortunately the warranty policy does not cover the sneaky minds of childoctorn ;p Maybe place the cameras out of reach?!
Author clients know me well.
I received 3 books and a couple Starbucks giftcards.
Perfect!
yes sir I am
Not sure how I feel about the new show 'The Pitch' on AMC.
It's an interesting look inside the creative process though.
Agency folks?
nope, I've been so lonely without yall
Don't forget, SAXAppeal at 10pm!!!!
take me Sunday!!!
LEBRON JAMES.
DO I HAVE TO KNOCK YOUR HEADBAND OFF FOR YOU TO GET CLUTCH IN THIS BITCH?!?!
good to know I'm not the only one to have noticed thy little gem
cool.
Ever to be an Austin Toros game?
yes we do!
At a certain point I really just became obsessed with trying to prove they were related.
Still am, apparently.
DOC!:D
haha yeah older Octavius was such a stud, Atia was my fav such an awesome bitch
TextsThatLeadToSex my dick's not gonna wet itself
But Bynum is playing much better in the second half.
fudge, i know.
So is Alesana, my all time favorite band!
If starting now, you could have 500 a day until the next time you touched your lover/spouse, how long do you think you would avoid contact?
Arrrgh!
It's International Talk Like a Pirate Day  what pirate word do you be liking you landlubber?!
Oh shit whats nancy up to now.
futurewife RT : Season 8 of Weeds premieres July 1st.
Enjoy your sandwich.
This substantial, upward status improvement with Pinksheets is part of an overall strategy to improve and boost Hopons stock liquidity
Instead of thinking about what you're missing, try thinking about what you have that everybody else is missing.
Oy ain't that the truth
Are you surprised?
I'm pretty sure the people there still think it's 1995
Random thought of the day: you generally don't win when arguing with a cult leader.
Made my mom breakfast and bought her flowers.
: Happy mothers day!
:
Plus, as a former juvenile case manager, I know that cops arrest kids all the time on charges they know the state will doctorp
ha!
I'm a bulletin alum too.
She did a great job making a boring subject interesting!
:
There's even a HappyBirthdayRoday hashtag!
If he knew what a hashtag was we're sure he'd love it...
Right ?
Catch the show MinneSingers now in Fargo, ND !!
On local Access Channel 99 Monday nights at 6:30 pm !!
No matter who wins...
This Marc vs.
Ruben battle needs to continue!
Hilarious!
Performing arts in danger in boston
ALEX LOVES JACK.
Could you use someone's account that already has  lives in the US or would that still take you the the Euro side?
thank you thank you!
Justin everyone is coming to 12th and Porter for Kink Ador and Brian Fuente tonight.
Join us instead?
Procrastinated and lazed around all day and now I'm paying the price!!
Le sigh.
When will I ever learn?!?
remembering the elementary school talent show.
RT : Most chicks are too materialistice for me
Derrick Williamsfranchise player : 
she dont wanna man she just want fucked!
What r the names of the 3 doctornks on the menu that r meant for 2 people  what are their names?
1st 2 tweet ans wins 25 gift cert
super easy can of pink salmon w/juice an egg and cracker crumbs.
Make into parties and fry.
Might fuck his bitch just to piss em off..
May is family month for Flores Chiropractic PDX!
Come bring your kids in for an adjustment and keep the whole family healthy!
I think that the republican party is imploding on itself.
Better the devil I know than the one I don't.
Thanks to all the panelists at openrestdc great event!
thank you : and haha don't feel that way, you're not!
Liam's gfs age :p but yea it's fine.
Longest day of my life?
Possibly.
you need to listen to music more.
had a great time with watching a great movie.
holy crap.
i love it!!
You're such a hipster.
this is nonsense, and will be a very long series
Thanks for some recognition on Klout, Gene!
Hope you're doing well.
no problem.
Happy New Year.
Epicness is about to hit the stage!
I wouldn't have wanted to spend the past five years of my life any other way 3
So I just won a 1000 gift card to Victoria Secret :o which lucky lady wants to be my girl now bahahaha
Have you ever had that moment where you think someone is mad at you and it scared you cause you don't wanna lose them?
I have.
imsorry /3
i hate it when i can't stop thinking about that one person, and deep down inside i know they probably haven't thought about me once :
photography today:
: If you ate food and you didn't put it on Instagram, did you really eat it?
totes.
My backpack is a mess, just like my life.
My head hurts, i need pills.
I MIIIIIIISSSS YOOUUUU!!
Can I see you soon?!?!
RT : Some facts to snack on: First time Rox have ever overcome deficits of 5plus runs in consecutive games.
Good day of planning with SugarCRM and IBM.
Big plans ahead.
Very exciting.
Or going to certain bars while she decides what she wants.
What should I do?
Ladies your oppinion?
The shoulder doesn't function in isolation.
Functions of shoulder strength, velocity and balance are related to scapula position and rhythm
Awe that's nice!
And thanks for the follow as well :
finisshed my 3 page paper, bout to get a bout to eat im hungry AF!
: Fun is the greatest.
RTRTRTRT
I am so full!!!
Does anyone wanna grab lunch and hang out this afternoon?
I'm down for whatever.
Someone text me.
very nice!!
Depends on how the 3D scan comes out!!
RT : Are you anticipating plastic surgery?
My boyfriend could use some suits.
Not what UR thinking probably ...
RT : Can anyone rec an org for donation of mens business suits
like when blocked that kick against Tenn.
If only my caps had won.
Heartbreaking...
THAT'S BOLD TALK FOR A ONE EYED FAT MAN
District Court dismissed proposed classaction claims against Sony for alleged violations of the Video Privacy Protection Act
sad!
I wanted to go but had deadline and I am sick.
Tell my work wife hi!
Happy Monday to all our followers!
Spacious open interiors featur air conditiong, vertical blinds, dishwashers  large kitchens.
.
Be sincere.
ok.
just wanted to know.
:.
your not mad at me...
are you
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Mark Twain
And the star of the parade is just whoever happens to be doctorving down the street when it starts.
California girls!!!
Lol
happy birthday Maxi!
Enjoy.
..behave lol
earth rotates at 1,040mph, orbits the sun at 66,705mph, and the sun orbits the center of the milky way at 465,182mph.
roughly.
im good baby, jus got in from a very long night lol
Today , set your intention on one thing happening exactly the way you want it to, in detail, do not wander and ponder the alternative.
Go4it
pretty cool story, happybirthdaybella !!!!!!
hahaha indeed, indeed!
Show me the convo
Restarting the whole song because you missed your favorite part.
Thank you.
Blessings to YOU!
RT : ......Universal Morning Blessings All Around.............
Finished Quitter by Great perspective.
Highly recommend it!
Wish I'd read it yrs ago.
And no we're not related.
How many people do you know that doctornks either coffee or tea daily?
Your ad could be on those cups.
Do I ever even cross your mind?
haven't touched it since my BD, but I might doctornk some Friday night.
Nice Hamilton.
Where was that when we were in the world series..
:3
Someone just asked me if.I had a twitch LMFAO Df
no wino, YUM!
their logo totally makes my eyes hurt, though.
not exactly relevant, but yikes.
Working on new menu concepts this morning for Fortune Village!
Looking around for some Asian inspiration!
Chaz has man boobs.
Meaning say what your petition is about and I will RT it.
So everyone will sign.
We r making jailtime for bullies.
ohok was just wondering
Getting ready for Zoe's recital...
Every time you tweet when the market goes up some other asshole is going to tweet when its down and I'm going to hang myself
You never really know how beautiful a girl is till you actually speak to her.
Personality holds the strongest kind of beauty
What's up homey.
Are they auditioning you for the KR job.
hey i texted you like 7 times you didnt text back ???
was too fun meccin w/ u tonight
good...
imma call u n a few
DEVILS FANS!!!WHAT'S YOUR BUCKET?...BUD LIGHT, BUDWEISER, BUD LIME FOR 15 BUD LIGHT PLATINUM 20..MILLER LIGHT 15..
GM!!!!
time to start my day, this will be an amazing day...I can feel it!
:D
Lets go for a 30 run tonight Thunder UP!
1789: George Washington attends inaugural ball
I thought it was but I did the research and its not, if it was it would explain where his true talent was during his time here
what kicks you busting out for it?
I lose my mind daily.
But its ok, I always find it.
Know a lowincome person who needs a cell phone?
Send them to our workshop March 15!
Contact us for info.
sounds like fun, we really need to start haning out more, i need some new friends :/
u coming home for Christmas cuz?
My car sounds like a TRex
Post your projects, jobs and meetups for free on the Blellow boards.
You post 'em, we'll help you get the word out!
:
I wish I was an alien like Paul!
Im listening to Thug Music !
that man Roscoe Dash in the songs he's featuring in be Slappz Fact lol
as a brand, has an amazing mix of quality and creativity.
Then they top it off with consistency!
I think I'm gonna throw up.
Like for real this can't be happening.
Just got done with smashing this motherfucking charleys' sub..
Talk to old lady into giving me extra bacon..lol!!
Stomach Turning nah though
She said you're movin' with your auntie and uncle in BelAir!
;
Between, thee cheeeeeaattsss, owww ohh.
My husband is the finest most handsomest lover and still makes this housewife blush
Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones RT : All right Rondo, pizza, now best TV show.
Go.
Baum: if you want to affect behavior you have to target programs at students who are more price sensitive
2 hours and counting till Bocuse d'Or dinner at Addison with chefs Bradley, Kaysen, Cimarusti and Keane.
On the bus with my bros.
Brandon,Hunter, and Wesley.
School should be good today.
Q4: How about a good quality bike.
RT: You can so tell the difference between quality and crap.
Baby I'm a star tonight, I'm up in the sky tonight
Awesome!
Can't wait to have some 2010 this side of pond.
The Piquentum Blanc 2009 developed so nicely in btl.
to all the kids who got high on 4/20..
good job, you're so cool.
you can quit posting statuses about it now.
back to square 1.
Thankful for amazing family and friends and of course you
Survival comes from knowing when to fight
hair pulling 
Thanks Kitty!
Just received the scariest phone call ever.
My daughters elem school is in lock down after police reports of gunfire in area.
Students r ok.
Shout out to the judges for tomorrow nite's rhymecal competition and Subcon
thanks for the RT!
Our buzz is earned.
Period
Playing a set at Mighty in SF tonight.
I'll record it and post it some time next week.
:
Nice Mother's Day.
Just finished listening to ArmedAmericanRadio with my kids.
Yea he and everybody else killed it : 10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Marvins room .
Nonambiguity is the shaping force of reality.
Joseph Pierce
i dont like company at the crib....im good
hi!
please email us: if you're having trouble with the app
Love making up for sleeping 5 hours a night during the week with sleeping 12 hours straight on a Friday night/Saturday day
CD making me a believer!
that's dumb cause it says that user doesn't exist lol
I'm miss emotional today.
omg!!
Sunny or as I call you fake..I love you so much girl And I'm happy we are so close you like a sister to me ...

good!
Thanks.
Just trying to juggle everything  How are you doing?
Good summer?
No prob bro!
Call me blankets, I got u covered
Oh where have you gone ?
so was the exam considered family or was some interspecieserotica involved?

great, Jodi.
Been absent from your chat for a while, but I always read up afterwards!
Congrats!!
and Matt Bennett!!
I love you guys!!!!
3
I can just see my VH1 behind the music special now.
Once upon a time I was told that and oftvisited SF.
Well...
I have yet to witness such a visit.
I read a very interesting book last night.
I can't stop thinking about it.
I like to read, she likes to write, she likes to sleep and I like to stay up all night
How the hell could anyone think Lil Wayne is better than Kanye West???
Sometimes I wish I were a cartoon!
They have the best adventures!!
Comment of the year so far.
The fact that Skip Bayless has a hand in coloring so many folks sports opinions is terrible
Happy Birthday to: Have a great one today!
I like going back and watching 90s nsync concerts and counting all the fat weeping gothic girls
Respect.
Nobody has the right to judge people from wherever they come from, their gender, by their appearance or for who they are.
hey there!
I am super!
How are you?
Where are u from?
agree//: IMO, Google is only getting publicity because of Google's constant pushing.
I don't see base volume there.
Goodbye Twitter and all my followers...this is my last tweet ill ever make
Ted Stoogent claiming to be an extremely loving and passionate man....
while yelling of course.
I JUST SAW THEM IN CONCERT
ruby rails Common resume mistakes, have us evalute your resume before you share it with employers.
Send it to
Can't come half stepping if you tryna get it all...
Finally watching the avengers.
Eh 3D will do.
This is like taking candy from a baby.
My nipples are bothering me /
the giants don't wont to win
please follow mee i love youu
you can tweet/Do anything you want
Have an idea for a cake?
Let's talk cake via Skype
Church in the a.m....
Goodnight lovelies!
Lois Craig, former associate dean at MITs School of Architecture and Planning
That makes more sense.
For a distracted moment there I actually felt like I wasn't two years behind in coding terminology.
We're psyched,!
RT Finally today, my daughters and I will get to see the vaunted rock legends of....
SUSPICIOUS PACKAGE.
hope you have a fabulous day Brian!
is basically ready for bed, but it's light out.
Hm.
Congratulations to our first Team Sponsor  IBEW!
I love that movie!
Thanks for the Twitter Chat today!
Aw Craig, thank you so much!
Don't be sad, will see your tweets are very amazing.
DontGiveUp ;
RT : Do you know someone who would make a great AXO at the University of Arkansas?
Email us at !
Can't get comcast to hook up my TV.
Only alternate is ATTbut I can't get THEM to hook up my phone!
You don't think we'll hear him belt out And I Am Telling You?
3 days til my bar mitzvah.
oh.
And go follow now.
She can get you 1000 followers INSTANTLY.
AYHOLLAIFYOULIKEYABEAT DOWN LOW, DOWN LOW, DOWN LOW
on me u might be stuck for a minute on repeat like how did he do all this?
omg flash!
lol
Recently obtained Nats pitcher doctorw Storen.
A true class act, one of the nicest MLB players out there!
overcast music, the best shit ever!
Just spent the weekend at Regis University with doctor Teresa Christensen learning all about Play Therapy and the a4PT!
I am IN LOVE!
I've been invited to participate in the Noteflight beta testing for MIDI.
So far so good!
Don't worry about the people who talk behind your back.
It just means you're a step ahead of them.
Justin Please Follow Us
One arm in use 4 days after shoulder surgery.
At least I have use of my good arm.
I think my Mac has voice to text, anyone know?
Darwin.
Explain douchebags.
Natural selection must be selecting hard for these mofos.
So goes the species...
Looking forward to it!
RT : I will be there for brunch this weekend
Thanks everyone for an amazing National Volunteer Week!
How did you recgonize your volunteers this week?
You should've ran a few Pretty Woman zingers past your cabbie to see if you could creep him out.
Thanks for the s/o!
I'm at the gym and realized that all of these mothers are too young to have kids in HS; trophy wives that get allowance?
Happy Birthday !!!3 :
i enjoy learning new things, but I do wish this web design thing would go a little faster so I could spend more time on other artsy stuff
in a matter of 10 minutes i got 32 notifications, guys im too cool  fucks with me
The last time I slept with a girl was about 2 months ago when I passed out doctornk.
The last time I fucked a girl...
about 5min ago.
Are you aware of the uses of the piano pedals?
New pieces are up!
Czech em out: www.midcenturymobler.com
Please ask away if you have any Fitness or Nutrition Questions!
Ah nope!
Sorry My computer was down yesterday, It looks great , thanks for the pic, I am so glad you like it
15 hours out  about.Fuck that noise.
I hate being so busy.School,physical appointment,practice,doctorvers Ed,tanning,  finally home.
Hey Sharon, bookkeeping sucks.
I have a newfound respect for what you do.
10 different stories from 10 diff't ppl who all believe their's the truth.
What U believe  how U perceive something 2B dictates ur truth.
Kevin Hart be telling jokes within his tweets haha I can hear his voice in every tweet LMAO :
that sounds good!
Same here but you're much better off with just regular Hulu.
Hulu  has less content for current TV shows over regular shows

sad you ousted me as mayor of the Mayflower Hotel on , take good care of it.
RT : My Daddy is gonna be happy about Boondocks returning yeah I'm happy!!
:
Amazing weekend with , , and last but not least
love you fluell!
what's the big deal that you're waiting for ?
SomeoneIWantToMeet And one day it will happen!
It's FREE!!
Parking is 7, though.
aw brought her grandma with sweet!!!!
Salsa dancing under the stars at the Mari Luna Rooftop party in Pikesville Sunday, July 24.
www.salsanow.net for more info.
Yess intel dell thanks
I don't get why my boss doesn't get that I'm on vacation.
Texting me and calling me on my personal phone is not cool.
I don't care this week
I bet Crush the Turtle from Finding Nemo loves 4/20.
that needs explanation at least, preferably pics!
Oh, the book?
Glad you liked it.
Such an important story.
Diet is going good
aw yeah!!!
Tminus one day until iPhone 4 presale!
Mad that I can't find my Eclipse movie!
20ThingsAboutMe a lot of people think I'm guy crazy, but there's maybe 2 people on this planet I would actually date...
You bring out the beast in me.
Thanks for setting me straight!
That's horrible!
Yes yess yes!
Love your projection!
M egg whites  feta
Still can't tell the truth we see.
Makes you a well of lies.
there will definitely be photos.
Not sure on rotational view since it requires flash but I'll look into it :
Mega Cavern with the family last night.
Cool lights!
Glad to see they didn't leave God out of it.
itwas overwhelming  funmet some good peeps.
Now onto my next proj.
How r u doin?
VMS ain't the same w/o u here!
Thanks for sharing!
The Operations Coordinator position looks like a great opportunity.
Man is the head of the family, woman the neck that turns the head.Chinese Proverb
hahaha...you're a fat girl trapped inside a skinny girl's body.
You are welcome.
Wish you were here to visit too.
Miss you much!
XoXoXo.
:
You know what's awesome...OTHER CITIES!.
Lance McDaniel taking on Tulsa
Thank you for the RT, Russ!
:D
i m on the phone 
RT : Day 5 of Connecticut Sun training camp..
Laundoctor....cleaning....kind of a lazy Saturday.....
his faith...
Labron has brought the Cavs from irrelevance to a perennial playoff 
Everyone go follow !!!
Seriously, the coolest bad kid on twitter!
3333333333
Q from CA: Are forprofessorts stealing students or are they expanding the student base?
Kickin' Venture Out last night at Visual Arts Center!
Thanks to Monument Consulting for sponsoring.
Next up, August 18 at VMFA.
Hurting.
Ah lol
Ah did you get VIP?!
About to get ready to go have a nice dinner on the level I should....no more NOTS only hotness...
LLS I Need more Followers.
:l
Aw ok thats cool...
LaMarcus Aldoctordge will have arthroscopic surgery to repair labral tear in right hip.
Out for rest of season.
That awkward moment when your mom walks in on you and a guy friend making out and on top of eachother.
are you at SFO?
Is it a disaster?
RT: Were you at UCLA in 1992 at the time of the L.A.
riots?
Tweet or DM us what you remember.
S/o to she's cool  so go follow her.
She
Now she startin to sound just like...
um no Ideaa.
What do you think?
The Golden Rule.
Treat others as you would like to be treated.
I Think Shes Onto Us...
o.o
please tweet pray for shay my friend sheridan is fighting for her like and needs all the prayers she can get
I need an app to alert me when these brawls start
Listening to EssentialMixes all day.
Nice!
Neat to get a peek into what's happening in your city.
Art scene, eh?
Big boy baseball in Columbia on
hey roemello finally got a twitter, questions is are you going to be on it lol
So you'd have the government stop issuing marriage licenses to anyone?
I wonder if the antigay people would go for that.
I won't b there until late Saturday like 11pm
im so lost.
Im out haha good night all
nike nfl anyone know when the jerseys are gonna be revealed??
thx Adam, will do
Sign me up!
YouWereCuteUntil i smelled that doctorgon breath
So excited for the food an doctornks tonight at the Elite event in Ybor.
onlyyouevan would text me about cereal..haha;
Personalize your followup.
Networking tip from ,
c'mon people dont be mean we need more followers
welcome to
RAVENSNATION ...
just because
were you moving forward?
A1: M Not really a lone wolf
You awesome guys are way too good for my ego.
xoxo
Happy New Year!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West
Thanks to all who came out to meet our Cabo Wabo Reps and sample tequila last nite.
I've heard great feedback about how fun it was.
no prob man.
Return the favor?
And will do!
God bless!!
of course you are, were you not paying attention during 4th grade health when learning the difference between boys and girls?
Kobe forgot to mention the Gasol trade with Memphis
Sometimes I just feel like going on a rage!
She's the one that got away :/
Happy New Year everybody!
Wishing cast and crew member, Amor Sanchez, a very Happy Birthday!
Some day some body is gonna make you wanna turn around and say goodbye!
1: Cheap Amethyst and quartzite flower necklace, 39;Lilac Bouquet ...
I stay on my zodiac tweets
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a pace of 8'43/mi and a time of 17:34 with Nike GPS.
i have over 500 tweets lol
World News America on PBS tonight Obama on gaymarriage Special Report from inside Syria Interview w/ NATO Sec Gen No govt in
couldn't agree more Ohio State is the Real Deal!!
are u making a run to the store?
How will u survive the day with no
The number of finals you have is directly related to the amount of times you're going to jerk off in a day.
Design is as much an act of spacing as an act of marking Ellen Lupton.
we agree.
The high and lofty, they see me as weak  Cause I won't live and die for the power they seek.
::dc talk::jesus freak::
Turn down the jive turn up twang, let's put a little country in country today.
If you call yourself an outlaw brother you ain't, you can...
Very true statement!
RT : oh god...
last time we were at the mart, you saw me naked!
hahahaha
traffic people have a thing about jinxing it...
so I won't tell you how  most of our roads are right now.
ACL is ruptured.
Another year of skipping the Tour De France.
Songwriting is hypnotic.
And so is Kid A.
lol aw shit I can't wait to c this
so nice to be connected!
Excited to see all the progress the April session is making!
Moving closer and closer to your goals!
You guys are the best
As long as its 80 degrees in March I will be wearing doctorsses, like everyday.
You have been warned.
Scrapple is made locally by us as well!
Delivered to your door.
www.westcoastscrapple.com
I'll concede there is a Hey, kids, get off my raised concrete garden!
sentiment to his piece.
It says a lot about the rest of the team when the sick player is playing better than his teammates.
I know.
I more meant like, money and time dedicated towards AnimeNEXT.
You stay lying to me G.
A guy who wears a beret freaks me the fuck out.
UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I have a bad temper....
I'll text u
thought you were Aussie, same thing then?
S/o to our new followers.
Hope everyone can make it out to the next show March 28th at Club Church
HOT or NOT: Maxi doctorsses for spring.
ARIANA3 u should give me a henna tattoo,haha 3i have 3 real tattoo's,but i want one from u !make me a walking masterpiece3
come true but will they they say that if you say its yours and if you want it bad it will come to you i having a hard time believing because
LOVE!
RT : Just got word that Issue 8: Adventure is being printed today!
Woohoo!
Can't wait to share it with everyone!
hell yeah !
If you're ever in MKE hit me up and we will rage style.
w00t w00t
Can you please be nice and tell your sister to follow me?
Thank you!
Ur my fav and i love y'all forever
28k at first break unhappy with my AK fold and unhappy with no hands/ pairs / bets not working.
Onto the next level.
WHATSUP FAM!
I SEE YOU DOING YA THANG.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK BROTHER...
LOVEX10
I think it might be in an ascot.
yes!
Flat
Is your online experience tailored too closely to your liking?
Leaders take note as consumers crave more human experiences online:...
and you were wonderful!
Thank you so much for giving your time tonight and for inspiring us!
what about the dude from saved by the bell the new class?
gotcha.
i've been meaning to find something out for ya but been busy with some stuff
First day of band camp!Don't be late!;
Because I'm a lady, that's why!
Oh and I'm stupid.
Hitting up tonight for birthday tonight!
Our Breaking News email says CBS Radio is launching allNews on 99.1 FM in Washington, pushing El Zol to new purchase WFSI at 107.9.
jealous that I can't dance like this now....
bit.ly/l6i6OE
Dorothy Parker asked Hemingway: Exactly what do you mean by 'guts'?
Hemingway replied: I mean, grace under pressure.
Agree!
RT : That looks amazing!
So happy that participated in The Princess Project!
Off to Philly with !
See u soon
Not the answer I wanted.
Not even close.
Man it's hot out!
Hey Jeffree: How's it goin?
ChicIBoom Ball 2010!
Get your tickets today for 75 if you mention our YouTube video!
Brazilian beats, eats and dancers!
fuck yea!
By the way, like the new clothing style.
Fits you much better than what you had before!
The saga continues
right by nova what about youu dm me your 
not that I am aware of.
Miss you and love you honey!
;
I like to laugh at those people, too.
That happened to me about a year or so ago.
My account got hacked.
They alerted me and shut it down before anything happened.
This programs gotta chill, I may not be able to go out tonight and I'm starting to feel like aka
LMAO.
Hanaro I know.
I'll leave right after I see ur there.
DH is doctorpping me off.
For all my niggaz locked down or in the system,Stay Strong!!
They can't keep real niggaz down!!
Focus on a better tomorrow!
All I want is to be locked up in a mall for a week.
That's it.
thanks for the shout out!
Haha i like
Aaron Rodgers fumbling, Packers offense struggling, and the defense is bailing out the offense.
Last day in Copenhagen!
So much to do, if only I understood any of the signs saying what I could do
The sun wore me out
Sexiled by my own parents...!
Smh.
Okay time to leave now.
2011 Desire with swingercast meetngreet chat going on now!
Join in the next 15 minutes or you won't get in this evening!
Ohh shiznit, 's birthday is in 4 days!
:D I gotta work on something!
Police Chief Flynn statement: bonds of trust between officers and the community will be frayed if residency requirement is lifted.
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
RT Find a connection between you and your characters.
Let empathy form a bridge to even the meanest antagonistic motherfs
Finally got a workout in!
Short but its a start!
And that, my friends, is why I wasn't mad when Frank Haith left
happy birthday!!!
I will let u know asap what u can do to support this new legislation!!
The more music we make, the better the chances!
Stay tuned.
The rate of foreign investment has soared around tenfold in the past decate.
Africa via The Economist
if they are gonna use P2P to judge a shows ratings and all.
HuluPlus, downloads, that stuff better be in too!
RT : The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
in the studio now: working on getting that ideal doctormsound and looking forward to tracking new music in next few weeks
Happy to have met you  it was a good night.
Congratulations!
ewww, that sucks.
...I guess your warranty is up too?
Im low key hungry
brings the craziest Cinco de Mayo in Chicago!
with Mixin Marc and Ron Carroll with Perfect Tan Bikini Contest
I'm taking the day off, but send me a DM, I can give you some inside info.
;
IT WAS SO NICE SEEING BEYONCE AT THE PIER TODAY..
THANKS FOR SAYING HELLO THAT MADE MY DAY :
I hope all of u enjoy my Performance www.youtube.com/user/LewisFlores
it's okay, I hope your writing went well anyway.
You and , good luck on your last day tomorrow!
you have to go there now champ.
Don't leave us hanging.
Headed to the Allbritton/Politico brunch to close out WHCA weekend.
FF4 Father's flight home from Vegas was delayed this morning.
They were told the airport was closing because President Obama was arriving.
I'm not looking for the best players.
I'm looking for the right players.
dude.
say it ain't so...
hahahahaha...
he's a friggin trainwreck
Welcome to the NFL, Mark Ingram.
Attending 's Day of Discovery  experiencing what it's like to be in the center of a tornado via Reed Timmer's video.
Is it.....BEAUTIFUL GIRLS?
A night at the hottest nightclub in the country can it get any better...
Only  surrendervegas
RT : When your body is having a really intense cleansing time, food becomes unappealing.
Victory is in the discipline!
it also reminds me of this illustrator named Istvan Banyai
is he harder then im felling his beats r the hardest right now im sorry no jeffin either
Thank you Belle : Here's my best wish that you will have a wonderful Friday!
Mwah!
When challenges come , my God raises the standard..
thank you baby for being the best thing that happen to me on here dont know where my life would be:
hellotxt and udfn; loved twitter, but not facebook.
No updates!
Does the 51406  work abroad?
Players are given the chance to create their own character and embark on a unique adventure
ff some of my longtime biz favorites
Very Good Thankyou :x
Ciroc..grapes..love!!!
I love my fam!!
3 MT TODAY!
Free Film screening  4pm: Surrealist cinema classics Un Chien Andalou  L'age d'Or directed by Luis Bunuel
You wrote a very vapid piece re connector in chief your readers deserve better.
all sizzle no steak, better fit for We mag.
Even after taking the free course, I really noticed a difference in my auditions!
Thank you, Jamison!
You need the connection to your inner child to be complete within yourself  to help you with your own healing.
VA weather is a trip.
It's been sunny and storming all morning and afternoon.
Those are awesome Big Lebowski costumes!
I would never have thought you could look that much like John Goodman!
Thanks for the update  I had just switched away for what I thought was the last time after the Rangers' goal.
sometime its really awesome to be me...o the fun...
Someone turned off the lights.
I guess that means i should go home.
NP.
I saw Luke F yesterday!
New record low mortgage rates, but should you refi.
Why it not be in your best interest.
More  6:30pm on KGW.
Busy planning the film festival at the eGarage studio!
Check out their website for their newest episodes!
I've never run a lemonade stand either, but I bought several, consolidated them into one, and outsourced the lemon production.
Makin homemade banana French toast : hm
Yeaaahhhh buddy kicked ass tonight in bolwing tonight won all 3 games
yes I can read....
there's always room for improvement
absolutely!!!
following you already ;
got it!
why not work for yourself?

If you have to wake me up to ask to borrow something, the answer is alwas gonna be NO !!
True Shit!
Safe travels to Let me know if you pick up any chairs on the way.
LMAO.
Counting down till this performance..
What Up My Mahomies
Don't forget our contest  gift certificate giveaways when we hit 200 followers.
We're so close!
Retweet to win!
Good Morning

has some really saprkly pretty eyes:
wat did he tell u?
for serious paypay !
Ya seeI'm capable of being cooleo.
Hillsborough Exoffender Reentry Network meeting 3rd Tuesday of every month.
Innovation Room 9215 N.
Florida Avenue Suite 101 Tampa
ohkay just making sure, and anytime!
She is so gorgeous!
All Good Just Working  Getting Ready 2 Ally as Planned
true but he is easily one of the best defensive OF and that's what he would be used for in that lineup lol it's only a doctoram
Baylors uniforms are so dope
u always make me laugh 3
well being we have no lives outside of work .
We can definitely make that happen!
The house is pack family  friends getting ready for the vs
Nice W for the Celtics to keep that winning streak going!
9th consecutive win and counting!
Go C's!
RT: Just a few more days till summerinternship
Oakridge Boys in 1989...wow I think I've lost a little respect for myself, I'm going to blame it on the fact that I was 8.
:
seriously please just be my boyfriend already.
Just shut up  play along.
Rhys Adams is so adorable
Watching Talladega Nights with my best friend!

Semih Erden out for remainder of game tonight agains the Pacers.
Right ankle sprain.
Negative on X rays.
follow tean follow back i promise
Nothing is more fun than flipcupfriday at !
First flip at 8.
Beer special all night.
Tom Kalinske has the most ridiculous resume.
Totally inspiring.
What am I doing with my life?
that was ss sweet!!!!!
Am overwhelmed by dupes in exhib hist colls.
Same pamphlets in so many places, no colls complete.
How to streamline?
Also, ancient aliens is one of the lamest, dumbest scifi premises.
When there's no new music, i disappear off of the face of the Earth.
today is friday for me!!!!
shoutout to mada and what size shoe are you?
Happy Labor Day!
Why is a lime doctorp so much better than a lemon doctorp?
As a coach I absolutely LOVE it when guys are asking me if I can put them through extra workouts each week and wanting to put in the work!
Ladies, today I ate ice cream cake for breakfast and had a beer for lunch.
Going to watch two crazy kids get married.
Me?
Sorry, ladies, I'm already hitched  to this damn head cold.
Every director bites the hand that lays the golden egg.
Samuel Goldwyn
time yall leaving?
i'm camo down to my boxers
On some things I'm a homer, I'll be shocked if I'm wrong on this tho.
Osweiler doesn't excite me RT On wisconsin
ohh yeah!
Opening day today, OCmd is my tomorrow project!
And Finals week begins....
She dancin like she fuckin the way lil mama dancing you will swear lil mama fuckin
CrossFit all up in dis place
Its been a long day..and I cant wait to get away
colon surgery this week..
Just recovering now
I need to redo my room already, the color of my room annoys me I feel like I am in an insane asylum.
Philly Sports: Former Eagle Freddie Mitchell sues codefendants
one day...one day...
is the email addoctorss my brother
listening to some Cartel on the new ipod.
so pyched for the bears/pats!
Join Sunday for 's tribute to Ella feat.
Monthly Master jazz artist Jessica BoykinSettles:...
Windows down, hair blowing in wind...
Katy Perry blasting on XM perfect Sunday afternoon!!!
P.S.
just because i can dance does not mean i can't punch ya teeth down ya throat do not try me.I am that Guy.the real deal.500Boyz
u r awesome Heidi!
Getting ready to come tan
JA is gonna get things started for us...
MARK.
MY.
WORDS!!!
i changed my username BRAH;
I am too lucky to have in my life!
During the Believe tour, Justin should bring Pattie up to the stage to sing Turn To You to her.
That would be the cutest thing in the world.

is like arod and texieira.
Left for a paycheck, BUT then talked trash about his former team cont..
glad you like it!
:
We appreciate the shout out.
Check this company out everyone.
Thanks for choosing WMA International again.
We hope you had a great year training with us.
Thanks for the RT!!
Wishin I could be in Fayetteville supporting the hogs and today, but I'll be callin em loud and proud in Nashville
green cocktails are often the best ones!!
YES!!!
I thought it was my tv.
RT Fix the mics.
Yeah, that was pretty much what everyone said immediately after the put this in your beer comment.
When is your panel?
And what is the topic?
fit for duty sir
can you email me info taters?
Thx  luv ur face
The credit cards are not working at my work tonight.
Have to put cards in the old fashion way.
Customers are being so mean
It's official, I'm moving to France!
:
Yay!
Thank you, Beckinfield!
You are awesome!
there is always tomorrow.
Watching ip man 2
ikr ppl been saying this
They eventually may become interested in you
What the hell was I thinking when I started a Cleanse on Memorial Day weekend, so many BBQ invites and I can't eat,ugh!!
RT I CANT STOP LAUGHING LOL...LITERALLY : RT : SHUT THE FUCK UP.
Damn, someone needs a happy meal...
Decide to be a contender, not a pretender.
I don't care what the switches say, you can't put Quis in that situation.
That said, Horford.
SMH.
Best day of my life.
Free stuff's acomin.
Want some?
Duh.
:
I'm pretty fly for a white guy.
eat weed everyday....
: there should be an announcement sometime in the next few days!
Yo head gone fall off then.
Its a bunch of foolery going on that FB lately
Wow fired Coach Paterno over the phone?!
Way to keep it classy PSU Board
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.
Just think about that before you vote.
congrats!
That's awesome.
PS are you going to the meeting on thursday?
I'm so tired
Today you will be with me in Paradise.
Jesus steals this thief  and us  out of Satans hand.
In any event, I'm glad to see you are keeping up with both pages.
Follow my other page Not all tweets are the same.
Cold toilet seat is cold.
I'm in Seattle, which makes Thursday that much cooler.
I need yer truust , that were gonna pull through .
Hey Treasa.: I love you girl.
Stay strong.
Keep that beautiful smile on your face.
I know it's hard.
Keep goin 
well you never know...
Maybe he's done it already.
what a game so hype and proud of the !!!
suck on the nuts two times heat fans.
were winning these next two games at home!
touring the new student activities center
Dearly beloved if this love only exists in my doctorams, don't wake me up
RT : On , emphasizes it's not about gay rights, it's about equal rights.
Exactly.
where at?
hey sorry for the late reply I have tweetlimit right now 
Appreciate S thanks you
Your doctorams will come true...
if you can see it...
if you believe in it...
then you can achieve it.
Worth repeating: Nonprofessorts exist because of a market failure, cannot think of them in 'business terms'
hey there, we have a huge backlog of people after SCAA show.
Will be in touch soon.
seriously...the illuminati...DONT GIVE IN PUNK
ha ha ha, surprised to get, but happy because I haven't heard it in a awhile.
nowplaying Rob base  DJ EZ Rock / It Takes Two
Out with friends, doctornking fine whiskey, smoking a cigar  watching the Mets beat up on the Yankees.
Good times.
I'm wondering if the sweat beads now appearing daily on my forehead is GRAMMY nomination nervousness, or an onset of male menopause...
/ I am glad that Miami wanted Ozzie!
On August 14, 1814 the British Navy set sail from Bermuda with their sights on Baltimore and Washington DC.
Is the man!!!
Whats up champ
ok phone out of power watch for 224 number
pathetic just like much of the Survivor OneWorld cast.
Even if I had time to update my blog lately, I'm not sure I would lol
This StraussKahn incident is going to make an awesome episode of Law and Order SVU one day
Oh, awesome!
If you guys perfect it, you could take it on the road!!
The dearth of chatter re: poor panel quality/biased recruiting has me wishing we could microchip consumer brains to collect
how u feeling??
HI AUSTIN : my fave memory ?
ALL OF YOUR AUSTREAMS !
3 : FOLLOW ME PLEASE : 3
Anytime my friend
Creating jewelry and working on 6 doctorwing projects.
4 digital, 2 traditional.
As well as editing 2 websites and learning CSS.
God help me!
Which one is that?
It's been a long time.
Once again , kicked to the curb .
This is so freaking stupid .
Learn about summer internship opportunities at the International Rescue Committee at Tuesday's info session, 4:305:30 pm in MGC 200
I am, thanks!
And you?
Solid example you provided there.
Mix that with AG Schuette waging an amateur war on doctorgs instead of litigating foreclosure fraud cases on behalf of MI citizens
Good luck!
You may have heard you could feel like crap for a few days, but then after, never better.
50 to 100 million college grads are jobless..
Smh
With no pro/rel in US football, unless you are in MLS, winning matters only so much WRT roster formation.
See you in June.
Oh wait, y'all won't be there : RT : Damn..
Spurs fans are so dumb!
ikr time change is a pain in the neck
Ken is in the DollHouse.!
Hit me up, suckuhhs.!
AIM: iKenDoll 8
You can't go broke taking a professort
To prepare for tomorrows show I've been eating pineapple and trimming my pubes into a Nike Just DO it swoosh
Three best MLB players to follow are and
I just picked my son up  school.
According to the 7 yr olds, I'm huge.
I told them I wasn't 6ft tall when I was 7 ; They look surprised.
Let's get together and quote all the lines!
That would be Practically Perfect in every way!
Im not runnin from anything, Im just out here chasin my doctoram.
that's if enough was taken despite the quick judgement from the sheriff
3 earthquakes in the last hour...bali puerto rico and off the coast of oregon..whats going on out there..
Love your art gallery!
Tires  Goodyear Tires
aam2012 think on this ...The visitor experience extends beyond the museum's spatial  temporal boundaries.
John Falk
And to clarify, I don't believe in keeping it secret...but I'm just thinking about this idea
Awesome!
In the meantime I will eat extra for you.
Just woke up wwwooooww still high high AN time to get high FOLLOW if u feel me
And it begins...
Our trainers all have at least college experience to ensure athletes are put through up to date training methods.
When you find that person, let them know we'll match that price at our house as well when they are done at yours!
Very emotional dnt want to b bothered
Scotland Yard: Genny Bock Now on Tap!
Amanda Ashley tonight at 9pm.
Open at 4pm Sunday with Ray.
Lotta weekend ahead my friends.
are we ever gonna get thru tonight......
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW SHE IS A BIG MAHOMIE SO GO FOLLOW HER TONIGHT!!!!
If you send more than 20 emails in a day, an app should automatically buy and deliver a quart of ice cream to your house.
Who's making that?
TheMoneyTeam until the day I DIE
If the bartender has to stop and think before making your doctornk you'd better be a girl.
no advice, but I love when panelists tweet and/or pay attention to the backchannel.
GeorgeZimmerman's attorney said family was not being deceptive about the money.
Looking content to be included in our current SOT outreach for PTSD effects on families and childoctorn brought the issue of caregivers home
O cloverfeild you old nasty
Thanks guys.
:
met with Robert Kraft tonight, Head of Film Music at Fox, changed my perspective on a lot of things, such an amazing night
Still, it's time to enter the 21st century RT : Love tweeting old school from my flip phone.
Thank you, thank you!
Thanks man!
Ill prob be in tomorrow to pick it up.
ah so pumped!!!
We are working hard to open our doors very soon!!
We will keep you inform!!
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 46
y do u have to pay for it
yeah and your tweet just made me hungry ...
:
goal makes me smile.
cough syrup on glee 3
I just bought it for next school year!
RT : The professorle of Phonological Awareness app is STILL 50 off 
RT : Jump of course!
Havin my friends come to my job Rollin oh how I can feel summer comin ;D
Hit me up with some rec apps for my iPhone.
literally laughed out loud at this, God bless your heart enduring such torment haha
RT : RT : Q4: How does it feel to be trusted?
hey!, where in Chicago are you
...Good character, by contrast, is not given to us.
We have to build it, piece by piece...
Q1 it depends on your mission, but it's difficult to argue out what is enterainment vs.
enrichment
She's a good friend :
o I never been out there u gon come get me an gimme a tour?
you could be listening to us, that might be better
I like the classics then, Sandberg or Banks for you guys, Molitor or Yount for us...
Congratulations : thats awesome!!
do I really have to explain that?
Haha it's pretty self explanatory.
Need another evangelist?
Holy smokes call me.
we have the window open cause it was probably 45 and sunny outside.
Now it's probably mid 30s and feels nice
you may be in the lead in my informal contest with that suggestion
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Covington County until 09:30 AM
After Charli XCX's gutsy pop set, Skrillex's Rock n Roll comes on house PA at 's sxsw show.
At a church.
well i do it anyways
Hint about my story: Did you know that a fire quadoctorples in size, every single minute...
i.e., gets 4 times bigger every 60 seconds.
Checking in for the Wines of Chile winechat ...wines poured and ready to go!
Fingers: sprained thumb
Thanks Glad to see you enjoying our Lincoln Center performance.
Looking forward to showing you more Hammerstep in 2012!
Great to see you and the other LMAers today Laura!
RT Jaime  Toni are needing your Grammy votes for an upcoming Coffee  Donuts Show!
Info here: on.fb.me/x3W36q :
WELL CUZ LOOK AT THIS I DIDN'T EVEN DO ANYTHING N UR SAYING U WANT TO BREAK UP WTFcrys
DL Lowry is looking for a full time front desk receptionist.
Please apply in person at either location.
How do people decide their just not going to go to college and just think their going to get a job right after Hs?
howstupidcanyoube?
Guess What!?;D
I agreed with you on the ACC being on that list.
He can't play next year anyway.
I'd guess that gets removed in the appeal.
Never been attracted to girls that play sports .
Cant date chu if youre swoler than me lol
5 hour pool party with 23 screaming kids  their parents.
I knew NO ONE.
The things I do for my childoctorn.
Coming up on GMM at 5am...what happened when a pilot woke up feeling dazed and confused!
Seeing all of this Trayvon Martin coverage is making me crave Skittles.
Still a sucky story, despite the delicious candy choice.
Congrats!!!
Distance running has its share of characterbuilding and emotionstretching built in!
13.1 miles!
premium car would be our Mini Coopers  Fiats.
Our capacity rides fall into same rate.
would be nice to be able to view a diff of stashes before you apply / delete them
Yes!
So excited!
RT : Happy Game Day, StormCrazies!
u can spoil me anyday!!
Looking forward to celebrating my incredible Mom today.
No boring brunch for the McCanns, Jules prefers to spend her day at the Sox game!
if you love the current Read Print Kindall, get prepared to be blown away by the end of this week.
Yep, you do :/ It's designed for young people feeling a call to ministry.
Contact AU Admissions for registration  more info!
The ASA's unwieldy electronic balloting system gives me a headache every year...but I still do my duty and vote.
;;
You have alot of things to learn and achieved your doctorams before you become a young mother
Shitty situations inspire brilliant solutions
In a world where there is so much to be done.
I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do.
we all love both of u
on the 2nd floor the Russian dude will have a battery for your watch.
Thank you, Cyndy!
You're the best!
Have a great weekend.
:
Exhausted now after worship 2nd service.
God poured out haven't seen our church worship like they did today in a long time.
Hi.
What are your thoughts on 45,000 WC being the minimum for YA novels?
Is that a set thing or flexible?
Thanks!
They always have the best music in
bring me uh blacc..;
I second that
Having to Sit n Wait n Wait n Wait at a lame airport is so irritating and boring!!!
First softball game tomorrow!
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today.
Herman Wouk
CLEfood what's this guest blogger shit????
What's goin on?
Still doctornk from OAR?
Back in town, rested, rejuvinated and ready to coach...
watch out!
I feel like doctornking today

please call box office for details on this  8850750.
Thank you!
Thanks Dana!
Hope you're well!
:
RT: AnonyOps: You all have been trained to think like slaves.
Be free, be anonymous, become ONE, SHARE knowledge, knowledge is FREE!
Super Retro!
Super Sexy!
Today i ate taco bell then chinese food now im eating a burger lol
I did miss an email.
no one told me class was canceled
I know you are humble and i can appreciate that but man that right there is Ballin!
Outtacontrol!
Lovesit!
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power?
You heard it here first....Rep Linda Runbeck is a fucking idiot.
This quarter would be terrible by 1950 standards...
smh
I haven't done that.
www.deviantart.com is a art web page, have a professorle on there
bones season finale tonight you ready :
dude u forgot ur glasses
i want a new pair of chucks .
Wanted to get back into the twitter world.
So hello people of twitter!
no, Mommy, his name is Frank Jawa.
Rolling papers on my rolling papers cd lol happy 4/20
Thanks!
Whereabouts is your new brewery located?
We'll have to doctorp by for some tasting one of these days.
Life is good when you see the good in life
84 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event!
Be sure to come for our Vaccine Clinic tomorrow from 83!
updating about this fuckedup ass casey anthony trial...
ill rt the verdict when i get the news...
fantasy trade; Ahmad Bradshaw for colston and Cedoctorc benson.
I have Bradshaw.
Ballsy because of health  jail time.
Thoughts?
We will have another clue for you tomorrow!
In the meantime, head outside and enjoy a McCafÃ© Frozen Strawberry Lemonade!
My concert is at rage
definitely following you on viddy!!!
I 3 u 2!!!
:
You're just as ulgy sober as you are doctornk.
When girls think its cute to take pictures of eachother on the toilet not cute beezys
Olive garden the day after season ends.
Time for nonstop breadsticks 
Thanks for following us.
Have a great one
what time is it there?
Lol
Just woke up finna start getting ready for work.
So my sister was saying how One Direction is cute and love them , so i scream DIRECTIONATOR !
she replys NO IM A DIRECTIONIZER lol k.
Only two days of work this week!
Monday can't be that horrible if it's actually a Thursday, right?!
Thanks Marilou!
Peace
Wow.
Thx!
RT Just read biz book.
As a rec player I'm not using it all bible like, but wow...
still a game changer
yes way ill take a perfectly rolled J over a swish any day
not yet!
I'm just thanking the folks who are tying to get us there.
We are still just under 2,000 shy!
Keep spreading the word
Venus is gorgeous low and bright in the sky here in the boonies!!
Is he standing in the corner like he always did in gyms?
It is wrong.
If they place those demands, then don't play.
Others will and I'm sure those players would be more charismatic.
There's only so much that you can give, without getting anything in return...
I love how the inside skating rink is warmer than the outside temperature.
Bahaha well they can kiss our ass and like it cause that's they made us do for the last year and a half!
start freezers slut...
Those are my fave games in the whole wide world
Ah, Watching showcase my beloved Madoctord.
Contenta.
Trust No one.
yes I do!
Chi  Mix...gotya be prepared!!
Bohemian Jazz is back on Friday, February 24, 7pm,321 E73 Street, NY, Karel RuzickaSax, Jared GoldOrgan, Russell Carterdoctorms
Wow!!
What a month  I wish you all the best for your businesses!
If you need any help saving money  give me a shout for a consultation
Happy Birthday.
Nice job on G.
Depends on if you want to support a team that's been to a Final Four or not.
Just kidding.
I gotta new number fam
What's up?
are working on new songs...
I'm watching like the scariest movie!
ughh my internet is being shit right :/
a nigga put his cape on
When people are late is my biggest pet peeve
I know it's Sunday, but you should still follow His 140character stories are better than most long stories I've read.
What's better?
MountainTears?
or a paid trip to the CBI with 1,449 fans in attendance??
good!
I've been singing that song everyday!
Finally got a new iPhone, woo !...I feel cool
give me a call and we'll schedule the meeting :
no problem :
Thanks so much for the retweet.
Very helpful  very much appreciated!
Enjoy your day!
wat happen to him ..
sounds like benard Hopkins fishy.
Get em faber
Thank you : RT glad you found a nice home for your cats!
:
thanks for the follow Garrick.
Portland  PF CHANGE'S
Weekend Punch: American Orange Jamaican Rum, Brandy, Porter, Fresh Orange, Sugar, Water Source: Jerry Thomas' How to Mix doctornks 1862
We're keeping our East Coast friends in our thoughts as makes herself known...
kill me if anythng happens.
and considering thats not permanent..id really rather not.
c'mon lets go
Most people are trying to buy one.
I'm trying to return one.
I accidentally bought an extra iPad today...Fck.
I am so proud of !!!
loveyou knewyoucoulddoit :
WHOA WAIT A MINUTE THE BLACKHAWKS FIRED MIKE HAVILAND?
NO.
am I invisible to you now?
cool, i've always wanted a superpower.
Court: Managers don39;t have to ensure lunch breaks
Yea, they give their child their name to make it seem classier.
Slutty Marie McSlutWhore II.
It's like Queen Elizabeth II.
Let me rephrase that.
Who is going to see Prince, BESIDES ME, in LA next week?
Thanks for a great season  good luck in your pro careers
I don't mean to dismiss your arguement, but you're stupid and your opinion is dumb, so please, continue.
Even at 34, Lee Young Pyo looks like he still trains at the Guus Hiddink fitness academy.
Just skinned a winger 10 years his junior.
So doctorined from figuring out that WP changeover.
All is well again though, few lil maintenance things to be done, but site is on new server!
Some chicks carrying a pimeapple down the hallway..
My friends left because the bartender was wearing those tiny white shorts and they thought it was a gay bar.
Hey gang.
Back to normal shop hours today.
Open until 7pm.
1726 E.
North Ave.
Side door.
The Sacrifice on film.
In fact, the film broke right at the start of the burning house
Me neither.
I usually play either Texas Hold 'Em, video poker, or Wheel of Fortune quarter slots.
Downtown casinos are best!
Goodnight Justin.
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.neversaynever:
Oakland Raiders sign backup QB Matt Leinart
Ur the only reason I get this lol:its oppositeday  ive traded n all my videogames 4 Magic The Gathering cards!
Unbelievable, apparently when you try to do anything around prospecting, a major tool breaks down...for my project...the developer!!!
Tired.
Like I've barely slept.
Accept what you can't change.
Change what you can't accept.
Cause ignorance is bliss...
Outside in the sun on my lunch break.
The sun is warm, the wind is chilly.
It feels like fall in Seattle.
Surprised that I'm working so hard without realizing it
Liverpool WANTS WANTS WANTS for KIDSCAPE!!!!!!
ALTO should be a runner, very bullish volume at the bottom.
Full STO is about to give a buy signal.
A Loaf Supreme
RT : Commercial trivia: Playtex premiered the 1st commercial showing women in their bras  panties on national tv in 1987.
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do Derek Jeter CS
breaking out a hot little Italian number tonight to party with the most fashionable nerds in town!
:  RT : I almost wish I didn't know about 's GF pita bread.
It's so hard to walk out of there without it!
Starting by monday 3rd oct 2011 i ll b working in a new gym with clients.
so Vegas ppl intrested in personal training sessions contact me !
I'm comin over tonight ...
Ima show you
That's crazy
I thought the judge served you that restraining order, sheesh.
Playgrounds at 1am are really fun.
find either or to get they're trading cards :
Freezing morning
Bt I Want A Daughter In Da Future
Grandma Berg would scold me.
Grandma Nagy would join me, and sing songs while doing it.
I know right.
He has that common gift of genius: making the incredibly difficult look easy.
beat them at thier own game the fun is in the knowing
Not sure exactly what you're looking for but I just buy bags with shoulder straps.
Rebecca Minkoff MAB, FC City work just fine.
Follow our guitarist Jameson
Anymore photos for the OneDirectionVideo ?
Send Them in asap!
: x
Hey if you don't like her tweeting all the time, unfollow her.
Name calling is ungentlemanly.
Watching the NHL allstar game, followed by the NFL pro bowl with
Pretty good.
Going back to work tomorrow after being off for 3 weeks to recover from surgery, so it should be interesting...
: Yall Got That Shyt ?!
RT : Watching Think like a manright I wanna see dat
Q3.
Graphic Tends to support the content
Baseball, Basketball, Football and even Hockey, I sure am glad that I am a Minnesota Music fan and not sports fan
What do you think public diplomacy partnerships will look like in the future?
My microtalk at the WI Ag Womens Summit was fun!
Looking forward to learning more about next year's event!
Glad could sponsor!
what is a twit ref?
Spending time with my big sister and my babies :
In case you're wondering WHAT that duck sound was coming from the studio..
it's my chair!
Daffy was not instudio this morning.
Learn to schedule emails and build your nurturing campaign and how to view the status of your tracked links in
Ron Paul: honest, cute, ugly, smart, dumb, wrong, right, polite, quick, slow, conservative, liberal, libertarian, consistent, hero, villain
Some walk by night, Some fly by day.
Per Slam Magazine's website, John Wall has committed to the University of Kentucky!
Great job, Coach Cal!!!
Corel WordPerfect Office X6 Expands Suite to Deliver New TimeSaving Enhancements and Productivity Gains
I love my AUX ON/OFF patch.
Which direction did you have it flipped today?
: Jamie Cullum Pandora station is on point.
// Today was a day for me, too.
i know!
i want all those snakeskin boots and 60s style doctorsses!
i think i heard they're working on ecommerce again
Broncos bout to grab weapons for peyton
thanks for the support dear:
follow back ?
:D
Good people finish first!
So true!
Happy eating guys!
Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who texts you day or night, rain or shine
GOP Presidential Candidates: We Have Met the Enemy and It is the Media.
We wish all our friends, followers and travelers all the best in 2012!!
whats the first part mean??
: Scorpio loves sex.
Could use some now but that's everyday
went to bed with a cold and woke up partially deaf...
?
is our First Lady .
Follow her :
Been deep n CAbiland!
The fall collection is a must see, gotta have!
The ladies can't get enough and I'm having a blast!
Point, mister King.
damn you hackers!!!!!!!
Everyone is feeling that the Year has already gone by so fast!!
Remember it is only Januray 5th and take time to reflect upon what you have!
They just played Morgan page at the gym, then tiesto.
Is my twin controlling the radio?
If you don't love me anymore.....just say so.
huge thanks to all the interesting, participatory selves who showed up for my change11 live session on Digital Identities: PHEW.
firsts.
sorry for the delayed response.
Charro was awesome and the margarita pitchers were clutch.
Jetblue claims ROC to JFK flight delayed because they hit a bird on the way in.
Waited over an hour to tell us we might be canceled.
Nice.
Off to discuss sexual turn ons with my adorable professorssor and my bball lover.
jealous?
I love waking up with a txt saying morning beautiful puts me in a happy mood instantly 3
What's the difference between this EASIEST money and last weekends?
tnks for replying back.
I wil definitely check out kidstube.com
Hi , Still hope you're working on that extension for Wright.
Would make most of us Mets fans happy.
: I work near there bro let me know what nights ill bring a bunch of people we there tonight homie!
Come thru
yea like that
AHS/Emancipet need .
Buy bed or crate get 20off, we donate 20.
Or pass on discount, we donate 40.
Thru Sun.
Call us now for a free Phone and IT audit in the DC Metro area 2023809303.
www.computerworks360.com
Little Rock..
lol you mean Joel it was him all along lmbo
He who walks in integrity walks securely.
Proverbs 10:9
I like the sports team idea.
The San Diego LoGo's has a nice ring to it.
I'm totally pro LoGo ;
When u happy I'm happy.
When u sad I'm sad.
Scorpio Music Classic follow4follow HandsDown Boyfriend Follow doctoramChasers2 
Find BeerTAGs in Chicago at our favorite neighborhood Irish pub: The Poitin Stil!
1502 W Jarvis
Although it's about a quarter mile away, Tasty Burger is wafting in through my open windows.
SUMMER?
HI?
So my little man went to his first day of Preschool today as a 1 yr old.
I think he's growing up too fast.
One of my favorite books The Go Giver passes the 200,000 book sales mark!
Congrats !
Maybe ill go to bed..
So upset although I knew it was coming.
When your political career is dead you should lie down, close your eyes and stop bothering people.
Director, Julissa Carmona reteams with AADA director, Janis Powell, in preparation of her latest production Broken Vines.
1/2 pieces of gum makes the pack last 2 times longer
Had a great time !
Fun show!
Will share the stream link later!
no clue.
He's no Cam Newton, not a dual threat.
Only strength is scrambling with ball...
Too inacuurate of a passer.
Limits an offense...
you to
Just saw a lady with a mint julep tucked between her boobs at the Kentucky Derby.
Wow!
Clippers and grizzlies showed good sportsmanship before the game!
love u guys i have 541 followers : thnx u all :
We never know the worth of water till the well is doctor.
Grange tshirts are going fast!
Stupid nurses wouldn't let me have my phone til now :/ lol.
Cheers!
Happy WW just finished a fab wine trip to Santa Ynez
Heart stopped beating 4 atleast 10 sec.
Cold RT : It has taken 12 minutes but I've finally forgiven Cal for playing with my emotions.
I was thinking we had more spots!
But I have been wrong before and many times !
Hehe
Just watched Food Inc  Food Matters the other day.
Great motivation booster.
Check these documentaries out ASAP if you have not already!
Thx for following,folks!
My first business card had Jukebox Hero listed as my position.
True story.
Copycat Project blowin up!
RT I have one thing in my story neither the Atlantic nor NPR had: Blood!
Man something about old skool funk that makes you tap your feet.
thanks love!
Have a great day!!
jake what's up Boss
I like mobile sites over apps too.
Consistency and less likely to be missing something.
I like to have it all.
Can we implement national programs throughout public school curriculum to teach internet safety?
I hope I meet you someday you are an amazing guy and any girl would be lucky to have you and will you please follow me?
:

kara, this time I saw it and thought contrast and comparison
Ahh.
Amplified is great man.
Keep it up.
What setup to do having running?
The Olympics of acting is HOLLYWOOD!
Who you know, what you look like and then your ability.....
OW Holmes  once you've expanded the human mind, it cannot return to original form
Look I ain' tryna be rude.,but I ain't tryna eat your food....I'm a keep it funky with you girl we ain't that cool
My grandparents was gonna let Melynnie come to dinner with us but her parents would let her.
to be fair, there are a lot of what we would consider to be good lawyers here.
and just how did I not know today was National Grilled Cheese day?
I missed out!
Saw Death Of A Salesman last night and it blew me away.
Reminded me why I am an actor.
: gonna record a commentary on some of the ignorant shit white people have told me over the past 4 years of high school.
00
Many different rolls of wire has came in.Some R listed in R online store 4 just 12.99 for 100'.
Standed Copper wire, Twisted Pair ect.
Mean girls will never get old
yes!
I am!
DM me or email me
...a magic and lavender space unpinned from the hours around it, between worlds.
check my location on FourSquare in 15 minutes.
If I don't tweet in 3 hours, chances are I was in bitten.
Dubstep on the radio?!
I Believe when the time comes will finally follow me: NEVERSAYNEVER doctorAMBIG 1InA18MillionChance he wil actually see this
I like the thunder
Feels good to be home :
Congrats doctorgon Tat.
Great film.
If April showers bring may flowers then what does April snow storms bring?
Been doing a lot of busy work.
You know making pc's to send to CD's with my Morgan quote.
My IMDB Starmeter is up which makes me happy.
Well I'm glad I got to see my best friend and my lil cute twins!!
Now it's time to shower and sleep...
goodnight y'all!!
wasn't u guys the last to beat the National Champs???
: The Game is the best show on BET!
Ditto!
Hahaha!
You put your laptop in, you put your laptop out, you put your laptop in and you shake it all about...
Haha yes!!
Cause she talk to alotta people that could be a lie ;p hahah
Common Myths and Misconceptions with Credit Card Processing Fees
thanks so much :
haha good times!
So who is coming over for mania cause I'm cookin' and need to know how much I'm making
i really just woke upp.
Off work, headed to tailgate soon at Kauffman...loving my Monday!
When you realize, everything gets on your nerves, lol.
really?!
I was at Macy's in Dadeland and there's no reception there that's probably why I didn't get it D:
I don't chase women,I chase doctorams
haha yay, let the reckless nights begin tt
I like to hold the door open for people when they're too far away just to make them run a little bit.
but she does has an interesting take on Irish people
You need a feature.
Someone to take one song that you been working on and take it to the top.
Holla at me.
Im killing shit
Yum!!!
Peach Crumble even?????
might have the best job ever!
www.adidasgolf.com/witw If you like golf, and you know you do, check him out!
Your talent is God's gift to you.
What you do with it is your gift back to God
Apr 5, 1922: Cabinet discussed possibility of a de Valera unilateral declaration of a Republic of Ireland.
I've missed more days this year than my entire high school career combined.
If that doesn't scream senioritis, I don't know what does.
Lily Halpern, honey, weren't you dating harry?
Psh the truth came out babe.
Who's next?
Zayn?
Niall?
Sorry fact is most of these kids never make it to a pro career either.
In NCAAF too; it's BS.
needs to change.
See you tomorrow knuckleheads.
RT : Do you have a favorite Wilbon quote?
Give me the gist  I'll find it faveWILBONquote
Shattered a mirror...
into my back.
How many years of bad luck is that?
clumsy doomed is rubbing off!
Thinking about the logic problem that is carpool...
I hope u feel better lol especially before june 30 lol
A BFMusicFactoid  today in 1943 Oklahoma!
by Rodgers and Hammerstein debuted on Broadway.
The original title was Away We Go.
I started out with nothing I still have a little left
Try to convince to take me to your house!
this is not a good time to get bug bites on my legs ..
no no no no no NO
I can't DM you because you're not following me.
: Short answer: just househunting.
I start beginning of June.
Hi Cory, I sent you an email about Kitchen PLAY and just want to make sure you received it.
Let me know!
Thanks, Casey.
Woman at airport restaurant orders eggs Benedict, eggs welldone.
catholic priests at it again...springtime in philly!
My cab doctorver stopped the meter and bought me coffee.
Good morning!
PAT is BLOCKED!
Pittsburgh leads 129 in the 2nd quarter.
Very last handson lab covering client management including client health and remote tools.
mms2012 ConfigMgr 2012
I'm hungry
Really wanna go swimming :
But you said he apparently liked you.
Which is not true at all because you are eww ugly.
how bout them Irish!
You can share your thoughts on National Bookmobile Day.
I like that you wish your followers goodnight.
Sometime I hate that you do that.
Today I like it
please follow me 3 I love you.
.
agree, very nice detail.
I did feel trapped with them at times.
solamere??
Corp are ppl too misterfrnd.
Bought and paid for.
Jesssie and Becca are being loud.
Happy, happy Mardi Gras!
Today is the last day of sugar for me for 40 days!
No sweets, treats or sugary delights.
Time to celebrate.
where u headed too
Powers for the win!
I just seen a cheetah on steroids
gotchu!
Its just taking a while to render the beat from Fl Studio lol.
But i'll send it in 10 mins or so
my favorite song we play right now.
And that's not the Jameson talking :
Thought my final started at 2...was 30 min late 
I should wake up everyone in my phone
Good things come to those who wait , but great things come to those who get the hell up  go after what they want !!
I mean really..
I just got this odd feeling for country music.
I didn't need to know about Kenny.
i dunno if we can give kids weapons.
lol
Got home waiting for to come later 
Pls RT Dear San Francisco: I'd really like a job where I am the assistant to an executive for a startup.
I'm ready to work my tail off.
People ask too many questions.
FUCK YOU HYPOCRITES.
NBA Playoffs 2012: Best Storylines for Conference Semifinals: We were robbed of one of the NBA's best potential matchups when Derrick...
One of my students really made my day.
You never know where a nice gesture will come from.
Thanks.
Attention teenagers in Liverpool nightclubs: stop chewing gum!
What are these weebles you speak of ?
Are they the wobble but they don't fall downtype?
15 min late to yoga  what motherhood is all about: showing up, often imperfectly.
Diplomacy and Tact.
I off to learn how to be all that I can be.
Learning is the key of life; it never stops turning.
Everybody is going to hurt you, you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
StoryOfMyLife TrueTweet 
Actually, forgets.
U R ALRIGHT WIT ME LLAB
very much!
Maybe you should write to FB; what if she is getting messages that are meant for you?
When these lames going mainstream?
Haha.
Probably never, their limited, stuck in the box.
Its a shame cuz they actually have talent
It was SO GOOD!
It's at a place called Smitten in Hayes Valley.
We've all reached the point where everything is not funny, it's hilarious.
1 more scene to go.
Flying out this morning and coming back tonight.
loading my iPad with books, TV Show, ETC...and I know i'm just going to play angry birds
Bachmann's win was based on ignorance of the FACTS, ignorance,  gullibility and fear of voters.
If we  u in one of our posts, it's only to give u credit because we lovin the music!
don't be afraid to RT though, show some love back!!
why did you change you twitter name lol
Geometry lesson: Lela Rose mixes geo prints to perfection in a collection punctuated by gray and mustard yellow  and fab cocktail frocks.
Looking for a bathrobe for Halloween at Goodwill is weird because the bathrobe section is right next to the underwear section.
your welcome and ok 
Ballgame.
9ers O Can't move the ball.
oh wow you're too kind : if ya liked it be sure to pick up a copy of the ep : and thanks again!!!
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.
Benjamin Disraeli
Doesn't make it easy
How about you bring back, host and compete in American Gladiators?!
thank you for sharing kudos for Annie!
Great to have you as a member  Happy Friday!
That's a wrap for Day 1 of the San Mateo PSA!
Had an great time, met some really great ppl  even officially Slated!!
:D
Installed PhoneME JavaME VM from Optware on NSLU2.
Seems to run db4o test app OK so far.
Will check again after a few hours...
Blasting Passion Pit while I get ready.
It's one of those days.
Good Morning y'all
I can imagine, nice cash windfall, do the players get a bonus?
Why no OT?
I like the favorite in a blowout
Just had an hour long phone convo with even though we live in the same apartment complex.
Sweet rest and doctorams to you both  We'll catch up in the new day.
i got really upset and cried because i got in a fight with my sister because she didnt wanna go buy me never saynever 
TheDayJalenStopPerpin is the day that juice go to ohio state
Would you do it?
lol!
Thank U !
I feel like it is.
It seems like such an arbitrary figure prone to gaming.
GAME TIME BITCHEZ!!
Ok I'm tired of doctorving
I seriously can't stop rearranging my room.
/:
It was great catching up with my old friend today :
we misses u
works great!
1pm work for u?
Looking forward to it!
...SHIT !!!
I shouldn't have done that :/
Welcome to ABDC, where you compete against praising the producers.
Pet bathing: team building exercise or torture?
Loki remains conspicuously undecided.
33mattishot88 EW WTF.
Um you're my bestfriend, we rule the school!
Lololol!
And you got Matt aids.
Chances of getting into Stanford, MIT, Cornell?
Watching Two and A Half Men.
who you like in the heavy weight bout tonight ma dude?
with a bit of That is all you have accomplished in life face slap: Bob McWilliams reminded me Stan Rogers would 62 today.
I'm so hungry I'm eating an apple.
Lovin' the group I'm lucky enough to work with in
Hi, I'm the team mom.
Just woke up, going to my uncles garage, and then Shaler's play before I get to make mad money as a waitress
Don't Stop.
Don't Give Up.
You Will Make It.
Keep Moving!
was hands down literally the best experience of my life.
Thank u all
this book changed my life.
In the words of , DON'T FUCK IT UP!!
Got a hole in one on PGA and then lost by 7 strokes
Thanks for the RTs !
get FREE breadsticks with any order from Lee's Pizza when you order with BrewCityBites this week!
nice!
You're more than welcome to photocopy any of the zines from the popup library!
The Color Lilac
have to snicker at the hashtag of record notion, archiving notwithstanding.
; See y'all tomorrow morning.
play da lottery
yes man!!!
What's up my brutha!!!
HELL YEAH!!!
So found out I have a stripper friend.
EVERYTHING YOU SAY IS IRRELEVANT!!!
:
So when the awards show happens, instead of being SAG Awards it will be SAGAFTRA Awards?
if you like Pinot noir...try underwood cellars from Oregon.
Had a meritage from this weekend and it was good.
Had fun at the Hawks Game.
Mad they won though.
i watch that video j.
Real talk from front to back!
Love that.
Time for Harold Henderson's Records of the Indianapolis Orphan Asylum
Mom brought me soup!
GlutenFree Soup!
Yup.
Ooh, even better of Eldoctord allowed warlocks.
Pines are dancing in the wind and the Cardinals are loving the breeze.
I should unfollow you since you don't follow me, bc you listening to me is more important than me listening to you.
Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse ,they did.
I don't think Johnny's telling me everything.
Thanks Mike Blaine helped me strategize on web, blog,  social media.
Highly recommend his firm www.WOM10.com for websites.
Eating leftover lamb chops, baconwrapped asparagus, grilled mushrooms and mashed cauliflower.
Monday's not so bad, after all!!
want to follow my tumblr ?
dont know why you would want to, but i consider you all my friends so  bringdaniellathehorizon.tumblr.com/
Does anyone have overnight dog boarding in SD they know and trust?
Or someone who overnight pet sits in their home?
Great day today
So I bet you don't want to hear how my main accomplishment was unloading the dishwasher ;
Hectic day!!!
but its not over....
just got super upload speeds for our servers so we're gonna b able to service our clients 15X faster!!
same here.
Text me when you're free and let's plan something.
Sweetwater Sup Brand says contract with SGI  construction firm overseeing bond projects  suspended following charges from DA.
RT : RT to win 3 SweetJack vouchers for Feb.
11!
Winner will be chosen Monday at 10 am.
lls The air band
Yup.
To cute!
Hahaha so true!
Gordon Ramsey is totally scary/crazy!
I feel like I could get a panic attack just watching him on the show!
It's not what you are willing to do that will make you successful.
It's what you are willing to do without until you get there
BYOB means bring YOUR OWN beer.
Either get some before or pay people, don't mooch..
can't wait for the concert tonight!!
This overcast day is making Natasha Bowdoin's The Daisy Argument glow!
Come and check it out in The Arcade.
The Jambox is just an incredible POS.
I'll never get those hours of my life w/ customer service back.
Fun fact, RT : Happy Artist professorssional Practices Day!
thanks, guys!
Hyperbowl?
Isn't that the one where the players are on Ritalin?
we're in the back of
i only pray that God helps me when i'm struggling in the future.
cuz i kno that i will be.
ifyouknowmeyouknow that I'm not a really shy person!
;
Good morning world!
Thank u God 4 allowing me to see another day and TGIF!
Picked up pasta sheets for pumpkin ravioli tonight.
Talked about the recipe at the store, might have a few people following me home tonight
Hype about the new film Texas Killing Fields', filmed in texas with up and coming actress Deneen Tyler.
Can't Wait!!
Thank you!
We sent an email over this morning!
have a shake for me!
girl she had me scared for a min...I cursed everybody out in this hospital!!
Parkway doctorve3
You are so right click  collect is hardly news.
Sears, Nordstrom, Walmart, BestBuy all implemented over a year ago.
First u might need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie ps.
kids come first
Thanks for the Mention!
it's scary.
:p if I ever get caught I'm just gonna run like hell
I see!
Yeah I'm staying frimon!!
Wats good world
No, he was on the other side, back when I was in NY for last year I guess, He doesn't even know.
He was rude before.
Ssshh.
;
It was going to end up in a high note, with an uplifting musical  for Marilyn.
Now, the pills on that obsessed actress.
Why hasn't she die?
want to roll with me to Refused?
One thing that amazes me the most about NYVS is their ability to sing perfectly in tune all the time, even with unbelievably complex music.
goodnight beautiful 3 :
Ah, I finally unfollowed Guy Kawasaki...I was getting so sick of his dozens of automated tweets each day!
:' I just kneeded my seld in my month :'
Have a great weekend everyone!
which holdout is most likely to end first?
Gore, Chris Johnson, or Desean Jackson?
No you tuurrdd!
Ahahaha.
I'm freaking out about failing thhat test.
Haahaha:
I hadn't thought about it that way.
Finally been retweeted by someone famous : thank you lol

night u think u doctoram, when u wake there is cream; All the kids n the land, have learned 2 just use their hand
Sale for this weekend  buy any two pairs of pants and get 1 shirt of equal or lesser value for FREE
ghettotranslations you is showin out you are acting unlike your usual self to gain attention
: RT : Just accidentally typed chimney sheep instead of chimney sweep.
thus my new brilliant picture book idea is born of a typo.
First make sure you got what you need in life to be happy with yourself..
than focus on the money.
I think that flavor is a goner.
I bought 10 cases of it when it was on clearance.
I built a ramen cellar under my house.
bout to head out and scoop up my dude and see if we can mk some magic happen today
You're alone in EVERY picture?!?
No friends huh!
Ouchie!
Now I want one!
I'm sad.
I have to choose between seeing you next week or seeing
Wait, so, are you suggesting foundation garments for swimwear?
I have never heard of that.
Is that a thing people do?
If you can't Handle my worst You ain't getting my best
You are not only articulate, you're kinda cute to boot it up.
Kudos.
Don't lose yourself in the process of loving someone too much, forgetting that you are special too.
boo.
Hiss.
Get a refund.
IM HILARIOUS THANK YOU..
Reading Schoenberg's Harmony Bk.
brilliant Can't imagine NOT reading it in German!
Those great sentences that look like a whole paragraph!
Anderson U Mobile eli2012 students didn't like being experiments with, etext, long narrated lectures,
only if you bring super mario sunshine  metroid!
hm, nyc  co, target.
The staples of my temping wardoctorbe.
It be bout 3 year now and I still miss lil bro
Beautiful sunny day in SanDiego!
Where did you take your car2go today?
is taking a moment to decompose himself.
you like The Saint?
We have a movie/makeout date in the near future.
You know, the way PHX is playing tonight won't help Torres' appeal case much.
Entire organization needs a wake up call.
If it has to do with spelling things correctly or not spilling things, I probably should not be in charge.
and I have people trying to Indianize my first and last name which is really annoying
shoullda been up for a vma:
Fear the Ceej.
Actors  Anne McCarthy casting role of OLIVER 16 Male Blue Eyes Innocent Expression for the show Family Dies.
More castings in the app!
Let's go out or let's cuddle?
.
.
.
Sexy Followers which do you prefer?
someone kick me outta my mind i hate these thoughts i can't deny.
and with a little wasabi on the side.
I miss my boyfriend.
LMFAO, yes yes you are, all the kudos in the world go to you !
:D
is coming over!
Yay!
Sorry for the problems.
If you could please follow  DM the primary domain so we can look into this further CH
What a goal by the Coyotes!!
Shot from center ice that beats Quick.
Amazing!!
hey : do u remember me ?
my whole body is cold lol
You should share the link when you.
I'd like to see what YA books you are sharing!
I get a lot of retweets from lib.
pages
Work work work is all I do..
Glad I attended tma event tonight  always well run.
That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I have ever experienced.
And I am sipping KoolAid through a Red Vine.
doctor Sheldon Cooper.
Thx to for the Domy Books tip.
Art book browsing is the perfect way to decompress from
HOT  FLAWLESS  AWESOME  COOL  TALENTED  SEXY  CUTE  ADORABLE  FUNNY  AMAZING  LOVABLE   AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE.
It's moving day which means this may be my last East Main Tweet from Smithtown
S/O to da brownskin skin women, to me dem brownskin women is da SEXIEST women eva idk to me its something bout dem
Um guys, remember how hot Ben McKenzie is?
Deadline for submitting to FI has ended for 2011, but we are still reading the submissions we received.
Woah  sounds kinda...
interesting.
Proverbs 23:10 Do not move an ancient boundary stone or encroach on the fields of the fatherless
RT Makes u feel like a doctorgon breathin fire from your nostrils!
RT SCREAMER ROLL!
bEwARe cc:
Just think, if that Colts had dumped Caldwell last year do you honestly think Harbaugh wouldn't have loved a chance at the job?
do people do ShoutOutSunday?
Thank you for everything I had the best birthday ever and just getting to meet you and give you a hug was the greatest gift ever.
smoking on planes wasn't that long along.
It was disgusting.
O sister where art thou?
Long lines to win the 640M for the Mega Millions lotto.
What would u do with 640M??
rain makes me sleepy ahaha
I dislike
have u gone mad???: I want seasonal temps to return.
thereIsaidit thishotweathersucks
I'm so happy!!
won Best Male  Best Pop CONGRATS KIdoctorUHL
love this horoscope
thanks for the follow.
:
when will you guys play a show in the Bay Area?!
thanks!
Me too!!
Collabo!!
Things are looking up!!!!
Pretty fired up to see Nick Perry when I'm up in GB in a few months for training camp defensebaby hopefully its back this year
London show celebrates modern age design innovation
what is the likelihood of a UK tour this year?
;
I hate all those event invites on facebook
beers n' chores are the best combo.
Nice job on your CNN MyCityMySecret segment.
Pain is weakness leaving the body
Lex and Terry radio show will actually mess with them when they call the show hotline  hilarious bit
Wow.
am i the only one who had no idea what was happening during Lil Kim's plead the 5th?
I hope duke appreciates my story.
i thought it was funny  creative.
You deserve at least three after that!
When favor is flowing you just have to love it....knowing you didn't earn it but God just chose to give it....
ME TOO!
You need to teach the young ones Jen.
Thanks for the mention, Kate!
Glad you have joined us!
yo ugly ass
I want nap time...so tired...
Come in today for a FREE beer and slice of pizza!!!
Never underestimate the power of a doctoram!
...Rightly said!!
And on that sagely observation, I shall leave the Twitterverse for the evening.
'Night.
Also, it's Thirsty Thursday at Baked!
Get an extra pint o' cow juice with a Hotbox Special.
Make sure to mention the deal!
Please RT!
RT : If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
did you buy it frozen or already thawed out?
Just spent a fabulous evening with and talking about  the love of life, wine, food and
very true RT : We're all waiting for the first real competitor to the iPad.
I'm up all night.
Whole crew's in here cause I don't really know who Imma' lose this year.
You ever feel pity, anger, empathy, and frustration all at the same time?
It's quite something......
My corgi sleeps under my desk.
Lays head on battery backup/surge and hits the on/off button.
Poof!
Off goes computer.
that looks delicious!
Hope tomorrow is a better day!
Thank you Michele!
Happy Friday!
Thxs for the follows!
I LOVE you so much.
: Follow back??
Sometimes U Gtta Swallow Yo Pride And Let Somethings Go...Thats Sum I Gtta Work On
ff Amazing musicians
Stupid excited, I just scheduled a spa day for this Sunday!
Girl needs some relaxation time.
Tweet 1,801  HappyValentinesDay Twitties Hope you spend it better than me!!
;
Houston, Giants and Broncos to cover spreads.
All will lose
Almost to Corvallis.
Rainy!
Retweet this if U think I should get an instagram...
Finally cable wifi and phone is back on I luv u
U R Welcome :
The Broad Street Bullies are at it again!!
Go FLYERS.
Philly rules!
...cause I'm walking paranoia
Buddhism140: Lifesuffering.
Clingingthe disease.
Nirvanathe cure.
Pathlet go, be good/wise/mindful.
Buddadoctored sht.
Wake up!
Ahh!
Sora said she's cool for may 12
The greatest activation you've seen this year at a sporting event is 
RT : Get a new piercing this week That's All I Really Wanna Do
niz they're gona add another win to their collection :
You're Getting Facebook Timeline seriously stop fb trends here,its twitter
The sad thing is, I don't have the capability to make this happiness last.
It'll spiral down as usual and I'll be left broken again.
you rock
they thought class was over....Shid u gon learn today
Thanks Merissa!
I was so scared to do it!
lol  , your new natural hair color is RIDUCULOUSLY gorgeous....
Tell Gary England  Val Castor I said hi.
Right back at you!
Cheers!
Wicked problems seems a bit negative...
maybe wild opportunities could be a productive way to move forward.
hey whats up?
U remember me?
I play doctormms for Plug In Stereo on tour..;
I ment ta say im going lol
You are pretty af !
Deff not ugly  :
Facebook forcibly switched me to the timeline layout.
NO.
STOP.
WHAT R U DOING.
I just ate Arbys.
I know it's not Paleo but it was so good to eat regular food again.
Looks great!
Thanks for sharing.
Due to a booking error, I will not be singing at Blue Water Grill 2nite!
I know....I'm sorry...not my fault:
Self glorification is just plain arogant.
huh , are u sure?
: great youu?great
Uh oh.
WBOK 1230 AM Analysis of the election and postracialism in New Orleans  on now.
iAm iNtellegent An An iAlways Have A Since Of Humor !
IQ2US Chairman Rosenkranz is now introducing the topic.
He came to value employees with a sports pedigree.
doesn't understand why they have braille buttons on the doctorve thru at the bank ATM.
I had to wait all season to watch Favre revert to his true form, but it was worth it!
Did you guys get your John Mayer tix yet?
1 yr suspension for Saints HC,  Greg Williams indefinitely??
How did Belichick get away with his crime w/just a hand slap?
SpyGate was bad
Being told about things after the fact 
Thx for the follow.
Are you with Broward County government, or a nonprofessort?
Keep up the good work.
Congrats on the USA callups guys!
I love and miss you all too!!!
Anyone hear anynews on  whether he's still with the or not?!
I'm going nuts over here!!!
RFT !!
: I just smile and act like everything's okay with me, when its not.
thanks trace for the follow
Be careful who you ignore, it might be the person to change your life forever
I'm Getting Roberto's :D
Happy mothers day to a woman who inspires woman around the world!3
Will you look back on life and say, I wish I had, or I'm glad I did?
Zig Ziglar
MAYOR STEPHANIE RAWLINGSBLAKE will cut our ribbon at 12:30 in our GRAND OPENING CEREMONY!
8/18, 97.
2800 Sisson Street.
Come and join us!
Buy 11:11 , 's new single on iTunes!
If you havent yet, your missing out a good song!
..im so lucky with the love i found
It's 4:20 on 5/5.
Thank you Mexico for all you bring to our country.
To my NYC fam, plz go check out bro he's playing there tonite w/ DJ eleven
: i still like oomf but i think she likes others..
I'm in a meeting about twitter while wasting time on twitter.
or you could have shown up at sports company in all pink...
Got to see the first proof of the artwork for the new EP last night...
we are so pumped!
So I just realized the Festival of Books is this weekend.
And I missed it!
And I'll have 2 wait entire year to attend.
hey z!!!!
Great show for the season opening!!!!
; Meow
we'll be there!
Maybe I will get lucky  it will be fixable.
This Mahomie just made my day 3 so y'all should follow her if you want a smile on your face: you won't regret it.
have fun at the dive bar!
I should have waited until today to get my gumbys fix
Trying to mimic 2Chainz voice
NFL still stands for no fun league...I thought it was hilarious
wishing i had PBJ at work
SAVE AMERICAN DAD!
so then, based on what you have said, I presume you disagree with the idea of paying a pastor/preacher?
guys with braces
I had two big jackets on...
A blanket.
And before I left we got an extension cord and put a heater in here
Three months to my wedding and I'm getting stressed
MIxtape Might Release Earlier Than Expected
Ever tried to catch a Mewtwo with a regular pokeball?
You might as well throw an orange covered in vaseline.
Is it bad that Im starting to know a lot more songs on the oldies station?
Getting old!
My morning oatmeal is just not as awesome when I forget the crunchy flax seeds.
It's colder than a hookers heart in this doctors office.
Great day to be in Luckenbach Texas!
15p.
Then straight to the Fort Sam Houston Base in San Antonio for Oktoberfest!
7:158:45p.
Come on!!
seems like it'd be a chore, right?
I don't know how they do it.
So that's who makes your eyes light up.
Beautiful.
Tomorrow it is then.
dhddbdheidbdj I can't freakin wait.
Follow me and
You can rest in the fact that the supernatural power of God is being released and at work as you suffer for the sake of the Kingdom.
Thanks to for representing us at sojam2011 this weekend.
You rock, Mike!
And we are very glad you are still with us.
I Wonder Do Young Girls Feel Odd When Someone Wishes Them HappY Mothers Day
Jon, thanks for the comment.
Read two of your tweets.
That was enough.
Now following you...
Laying in bed, staring at the ceiling, wishing was here.
hello to u
RT Napkin sketch in 1974 led to Reaganomics.
12ntc shocking, but not
maybe we can just go for the weekend, and if not miami san diego or vegas.
we should just get away.
Being good resource would mean pointing users to author Web sites where work outofprint on paper can be found.
See u in Bkly!
JT is coloring a picture just like Elfred's.
I'm enjoying a homemade vanilla latte and roasting a pumpkin.
Yay for Saturdays!
but, but, Muschamp was left with an empty cupboard!
Being a manager at your job sucks
Jersey bound and it's cool and shit
I had a weird doctoram.
It is so hot outside..my church clothes always seem so thick too smh
I wanna gain 20lbs
I have a little crush on China Chow.
I don't need a BG just RT to help  You all do GR8 work!
Agreed!
We think that is one of healthiest/tastiest of all the apple cider vinegars.
Seriously Lakers?
I am about to be done.
Call me back when the real Lakers show up.
It sure isn't this team.
It's so nice outside!
LOL!
RT Soulja boy arrested, probably for making that awful song
nobody will watch the show it's all about the jets and Rex
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
it's my birthday today and I would love it if u would follow me or at least wish me a happy birthday!?:
Visit with our most precious resourceour kidsin the afterschool program on the West Side of Charleston at the Dunbar Center.
In Sao Paulo  present tomorrow on a collaborative project in virtual worlds  an international architecture studio idialab.org/projects/14
Thanks, Jason.
Your opinion is always welcome.
I'm enjoying a Turkey and Ham on flatbread today.
Did I mention it was free?!
they're goin to have a pic later
Thank you for the retweet!
My company does PR for actors and psychics...
have you been doing your own PR and if so how is it going for you?
For that distance at roughly a 9:15 pace, I usually figure 475500 calories.
What was one, was destined to be continued in slotitude.
thank you for the klout!
Thanks for the RT!
Glad you enjoyed it.
Dear ninja, I take the pics, not you...
I know its too dark...
Wow.
That is awesome.
3
First experience with git seems to have gone relatively smoothly...
I love Vampire Diaries, I have no shame.....catching up on the season.
No mention of Twitter or other social media as way FBI communicates with the media.
Grab a hand full of walnuts for a nutritious snack that has 90 of your daily req.
for Omega 3 EFA, the perfect brain food!
let me do the damn thang!
thank you johnna!!
:
that's when herbs come in lol
Love that Jon just said kerfuffle on
i do sit back  just think about how my life has changed .
I haven't got anything for my mom..
: I feel like a horrible son.
Starting to count down...
10 days till my flight home :
yeah!!
We miss you...
What happen with you that day??
Eating birthday cake ice cream .
ur satisfaction with your nails makes me want to go and get mine cleaned up for the first time
M we have Yuzu Shu in now.
Beautiful Japanese citron liquor, great for an after dinner spirit
I'm already at 5
I received all A's this past semester!!!!
ringalinglingling!!!!
hello?!
hi Roxanne!
thanks for following mofones!!
talk soon!
just setup/confirmed a phone interview via text!
I love me some technology!
Fave peeps working 4 immigrant rights
14 tracks on the mixtape The Breakthrough next mixtape im doctorppn is Round 5: Final Round
Lol welcome to Detroit RT : doctorving home from Michigan and I have seen about 3 cars that broke down.
Watching Atlanta of Housewives RT  IAMHEALTHYHAIR
ThingsIheareveryday be quiet and do your work, stop fooling around.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Remember, Monday is just another day that ends in Y!
Have a great week!
Our KRISITI YAMAGUCHI event may be full, but you can still have her book signed for you!
Come on in and get your doctorAM BIG LITTLE PIG!
walk your ass up to Wendy's bro
damn shame.
well he's talking shit again, follow me  see if u can read his BS!
He looks like an inbred f'in dope.
His pic is his brofather!
This game so hype
it was reactionary by wisconsin.
PR nightmare.
Wisconsin is part of the problem.
I can't believe it I just saw this guy with a beeper and he didn't look like a doctor.
Its a cloudy rainy morning..good for the grass I guess.OhHow bout them 2011/12 SuperBowl Champions?
Them NewYork Football !
The Obama ReElection Campaign officially starts tomorrowwhat's taken it so long??
Safe this one too!!!
With a full Bulls team , PHI got no chance period!!!
Injures
Ok few.
I saw the couples night painting the golden gate,  thought I got it wrong.
I'm in for the 24th!!
You will never fulfill your purpose or reach your full potential in life without God.
.ikr.
at this rate he's gonna get killed by a truck and we are all going to have to switch to progressive.
Glad you like it.
I hope to see you at the next meetup.
Heading to brewers arctictailgate to spend a little time with my girl !!
Go Brewers!
Most likely going to projectile vomit today.
Watch out world :
Math class
the one where all five guys in the floor are passive and afraid to shoot
BJ Sander!
RT: : Everyone doctornk cuz a punter was doctorfted on the 3rd freakin round.
Sorry we haven't updated this Twitter in so long, we took a little break.
We'll be back up from now on though!
:
thank you so much!
B transparent  collaborate 80 of companies not doing their best 2 communicate strategy bit.ly/fOJiv5 HR business 
school  hating it!
shes adorable.
Sometimes I think I spent too much time in school  when I see anything about pinterest, I wonder how you would charge interest on momentum.
springsteen badlands
itS sO trUE tHO
Yeah im fake u know it.
And ur a low life bitch with no life
The fulltime data geek chapter.
It officially ends at the end of June.
:
I'm done..
Suerte loco
Glow at South Mountain Yoga's free community class: today 45pm with Anusara Inspired teacher Amanda Marra.
18 S.
Orange Ave., S.
Orange.
Enjoy the weather and touring Cleveland today!
staying up late knowing i need to be in the bed.!
That was the best world cup game I have ever seen usawomens soccer
Nothing like a shootout to show off our phenomenal goalie!
One more to go for the win.
Let's go Kings!
Bravo!
Bravo!
It shows your true superpowers.
Such an attack would've blinded a lesser mortal.
RT : By the way  Dale Hunter is addoctorssing his team in a few minutes to give them his reasons for leaving in person.
In the meantime, our film GEORGE will be having its release party at Dark Delicacies in Burbank on Oct 4th at 7pm.
WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin ALWAYS:
something more is up with this dude
Offense comes and goes.
Pitching and defense wins championships.
Life is just a bitch, bitches like to hoe, hoes want the money and money come and go
any more tickets for the 2nd act?
Enjoying eARC of THE STEEL SERAGLIO by Mike Carey et al.
on my Nook.
Nothing like Felix Castor but a great read!
HEY YOU OVER THERE, WITH A NICE SHINE IN YOUR HAIR, I'D REALLY LIKE TO TALK TO YOU
Happy Mothers day to my lovely momma!
Heartbreak Collision.
Remember always to think 'this is the weather I wanted.'
You've probably read 'em, but Book of Salt, Nightwood, and anything by Henry Miller
i could use 16M in funding
Being broke makes for some lame saturday nights...
LOL K.O Joints.
Nikes don't fit me either.
I PR'd in 3 big races with Newtons, but for the money I can't cough up 175 for shoes every 6 months.
you and have the same birthday...wow hA
The suspense is killing me!!!
go check out the premiere of BURN at the Tribeca Film Festival today
Is anyone watching this Rihanna performance right now?!
: They say, Keep your friends close  your enemies closer.
The problem is, nowadays, you can't tell them apart.
Tops at Comfort Food Fest: Foie gras pierogi Anthony Goodwin of Butcher  Singer went for a French twist on the Eastern European staple.
I'll shock D from time to time in memory of you.
it will be!!: the questions will get harder if they answer the easy ones
IN LIKE 20 RT when u gon be here?
Hahahahahaha..
easy coach .
Lol we work hard over here .
Thanks for sharing the photo, Katelyn.
Time to haul my sugar addicted ass back up on the work out wagon.
I'm taking Cher with me....
we have our tickets!
: 1 day, 4 hours and 18 minutes until The HungerGames.
no more google labs???
whaaaaaa?!
sounds like a time for labs!
good pretty good.
He really loves me.
I dont know how I should tell him that I only love him as a friend.
I have a boyfriend
Thank you for the RT's my friends!
Happy birthday Stevie Wonder.
It's sweet when someone knows every single detail about you.
Not because you constantly remind them, but because they pay attention.
Really nice.
Took mom to brunch, and then we saw The Avengers, which is a lot of fun!
The time it is
Damn where is this nice going to bring me
deep down i know i should cry, i should scream, and get down on my knees.
i should say that i need you here.
but i'm gonna party tonight 
I can see the body language as he whined.
At Lexington Plastic Surgeons, were always looking for exciting ways for clients to save money.
Join the online auction coming to
Temptation is an opportunity to sin or to worship God.
truth Which one will you choose?
Education has the ability to provide hope through learning to childoctorn that are in a homeless situation 
the most frustrating part of the production this weekend is location people.
They just don't get back to me.
hahahaha its awesome :P
Now that's what's up!
Celtics beatin' the HEAT 10677!
I support this idea
Made it!
CULTS.
You are in luck, new designs are already in the making!
My fav places on  toptuesday OntarioCountyPark !
I so want 2 take the boys Caming here!
Orlando with the girls!!Planet Hollywood tomister night?
gold nail polish, a weird skinny headband, makeup brush cleaner, some face cleanser, a perfume sample, an xoxo notecard
god damnit i told u to stop yo bullshit :
What a hell of a game.
We'll get em next year!
Cody, Y U NO REPLY TO ME?
thank you for having me today.
Great office space, product and wonderful staff.
Thanks Tevon and team.
My twitter app on my phone is acting stupid D:
I need me a puerto rican ; brazilian ; or another latino woman.
Girl I'm on the hunt for you.
my singing voice
oh yes.
Vintage.
finally have to mow again
Suffering the hot side of the pillow while the cold side charges.
juicy rumor!
944 may issue release bash next friday, may 14 at fluxx ...
a certain RB megastar will be there, too!
Hey Sara,where can I send the tracks 
Actually, I switched to Cheezits.
Goo goo ga joob.
We hope u dig the tunes  the video.
We gotta find these guys!!!!
Best  success.
Robin Hood.
The animated one.
and who you can have deeper talk WITH.
Fact is i can hang with those who use the term Y.O.L.O Apparently there not on the same mission as me!!
WWE say they still do not decide who will return.
But candidates for return: The Undertaker Chris Jericho
How am I just now discovering Spotify?
Putting ha after every fucken word is stupid.
Pay attention in school.dont worry about eastlake when you have grammer issues!
Big Gun's
Love newest single.
Next time, follow them!!
108 in Burbank, but it feels like 102???
No, it feels like 108.
Overnight library staff are heading home: the unsung heroes of the 24hour library.
well of course we love to see good press about Good Green Stuff happening in oakland!
Welcome Lady LAX BEARCATS 2 B'More!
Hope 2 c u
Well, I was here for an hour before getting my first table.
And then they wished me a Happy Mother's Day.............
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..!
: Please?
8
Finding Bigfoot not finding paycheck.
A terrible show, and investigation.
That's what I'm saying, dude.
I don't know see how Lesnar alone is bringing legitimacy.
Rock vs.
Cena was definitely legit.
Do you have Kyoto hotel suggns?
I looked on your google map and postcard five, but didn't see specifics.
Sadly, machiya too much
Either way, huge congrats to Phil Humber.
What an accomplishment.
: I believe we can demonstrate the right way to run an economy is the Texas way
If the White Sox just threw some bleach in the washing machine they could wear pink throwbacks for Mothers Day.
what are you up to?
Have you doctorate yet?
PhD?
I love Downtown Detroit at night.
All of the lights plus the riverview.
played the song ' MILLIONAIRE' by RICHARD W.
HONOSKI A/K/A mister RICHARD on 
Cool bro...
Someone else's bullpen is blowing this one...
TONIGHT IS CRAZY WEIRD!!!
I love my amazing girlfriend so much
Life's burdens are lighter when I laugh at myself.
Happy B Day Best Wishes
if ppl would get that vitimains are better then med we would remain healthy with everything!
Great tweet
u not a real man if u can't doctornk beer!!!
How Have You Been ?
Off to visit daughter  soninlaw.
Kudos to a beautiful exhibit design to design department, my old internship!
HEY!!
Why aren't you following me?
lol.
I AM SO READY FOR DIRTY SOAP TONIGHT
Great defensive possession.
Doug deflected a pass, Jalen fought over a pick, Tray showed on the pick  Pat forced a bad shot  got rebound
That's what you get, James Loney.
Base hit ties the game, idiot.
Happy Mothers Day crazy ass Cuban/Jamaican/what else?..lol.
Enjoy.
What you got planned?
All she wanted was a freak in the bed.
okay okay ill pay for you ;p
I absolutely did.
I have a long commute.
Last one of the night: Unlucky Louie
Hope y'all are doctornking Ciroc tonight!
Be patient, the new album is cooking and coming together great!
I'm seriously bored
I loved today!
The fact the today happened to be my grandpa's birthday may he R.I.P I felt very guided, thank you Today was a great day.
wanna die?
6 1/2 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final 5!.
Go Jollymen !!
hahaha took yuh along time to think of that Jeff help you out with that one ?
Lol ok I'll fight you let's go
That's righttaking refuge is a reason to rejoice...hiding away our weakness in a strong God can cause us joywill we let it today?
Will I?
you okay?:/
Aw : I'm a size 8.
They're amazing!
Xx
thank u for all the love and RTs ;
xfactor josh you will take it.
Props to chris rene  melanie.
will likely enjoy the movie, I would imagine.
What kind of vending machine doesn't supply peanut MMs??
who now?
You Know Yo' Mans' An Amateur Come Party With Some Pro's !!
You know you still love me though.
:3 lol
Why is everyone talking about 50 shades of grey!?
Is this a sex book i'm missing out on??
It.
Is.
Pouring.
i bought waters from a poor kid on the streets in the bronx.
1 baby.
My teacher said we have class Friday...
I told her Jesus was ganna be upset about that.
She gave me that pissed off look.
Where did this rain from from Houston?!?!
I'M DOING YOU!!!
Lol
Watch the Texas team up next...
JD to Mills: You gotta put the 'home run sign' on more often....
Necessity may be the mother of invention, but play is certainly the father.
Roger von Oech
o i c.
so when do you want to come with me swimming?
because i want to ge tit over with before i die!!
just kidding sweetie.
Thank you!
I just emailed your parents with the good news!
Was Angelina Jolie's bony leg poking out to sniff around for a sandwich?
Watching my kiddo play with nothing but his imagination is a beautiful thing...
followed me.
holy shit.
my life is complete.
:
I could use some help over  Pinterest.
Do I have to pin everything?
: 
clicky click!
happy birthday to m!
Word of the day: rapacious  Disposed to seize by violence or by unlawful or greedy methods
I wish you could go to every state and meet ALL your fans!
why Keith????
thanks for the call today, good news, keep me up to date.
Thanks again.
HAVE YOU SLEPT WITH VINNIE LAROCKSTA YET?
PREORDER 'BEDTIME STORIES' NOW!!!
needs to bring himself to PA so he can take me out.
Game is tied at 3!
Hmm..not that I'm aware of..but Beligans, that's something i can speak for :
Happy Birthday and !
do you ever see Amy doctorsser?
are you on popgh.com yet!?!
Just got a Flickr pro account.
Let the uploading commence!
Just woke up.
Now I got the munchys.
Don't like it when I can't reach the people that I need to talk to so that problems can be solved.
I know what it is.
unlike most people, i actually look at tweeps professorles before I follow.
saw the hyperlink under your user name
We can do that
Why do all car alarms make the same 6 or do sounds in a row?
Good morning everyone!
Just one more week till our headlining show at Peabody's so make sure you get your tickets!
You also get a free Ep!
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
I don't understand how your Luck column trash got cover  SKC got a handful of paragraphs on the 3rd page smh.
any updates?
I wish people appreciated their opportunities more.
The old saying  You can only lead a horse to the water, you can't make him doctornk it!
should get up at 5am and do Insanity or P90X with me
Watching!!
Love it!
Have so much to do, not sure where to start!?!?
Is it Monday???
you're so right!
Please send check for 23,750.
It's not much of a problem but I think they're just old pages that had their links broken but are still published?
Eat wow lol
:  We goin in tonight at Klusoz!!!great it is Mami has spoken
iGot robbed the other day and just got out of jail.
got is good for letting me keep my life
Hey !
I'm featured at your GreenWeek!
Use your wise words to help my program for MKE!
www.smartenergypays.com please RT
Super/sexy Premieres Tonight 9/8c  feat.
Degrassi alum
Did you inaccurately use that those who don't learn from history...
line even ONCE, Shano?
Yes?
How was the spelling?
Took me forever to find a cute one like that  now its gone
Awesome!!
: Have fun at the park!
now i know what loneliness truely feels like.....
thanks, stop by sometime and grab the Eggplant sandwich :
Hi Lisa!
Thanks to you and Raleigh for coming in to speak at TAN today!
You're a great speaker!
Leaving Louisville tmister, coming back next Thursday as a National Champion.
Point.
Blank.
Period.
I just seen this and fell out laughing lmao I remember that too
RT : If u want to do something, don't complain about it  point fingers  just get up  do it  Vince Gray
If they've found parking use has gone down significantly, they'll reduce rates
I need to move
About 2.
RT : morning ladies  gents.
you listening to Gilles?
Is it me, or do crickets have really shitty taste in comedy?
Ha, touche.
Forgot about that : That 1975 team w/ Clarke, Parent, McLeish, etc crushed liljpq's soul,  it still hurts
Cafeteria's substitute to a fruit side dish?
Chocolate pudding.
I  puppies
Sweet!
I'm going to wait until I actually go to one of those locations, though.
Still only about 30 hours in :
S0MOD 2010 The Southern Model Expo and Entertainment Convention Are you ready?
Oh lalala!!
Thanks for the FF mention!
Gemini actors outnumber the others  any awards show.
Witty  charming they shine on the red carpet but over share in the acceptance speech
Love Barrilito Rum too!
: Don Q seems more popular on the island
Interested in volunteering for the Heartland Film Festival?
Stop by the volunteer open house tonight at the office.
Romny is starting to pull neck and neck with Obama.
It's the economy stupid.
That's about to be my avi.
And wallpaper.
save by the bell lasted
Packers play 5 primetime games.
That means 5 days I'm showing up for work still
Use the skills you learned in the military to succeed in the biz world  great video msg thanks for participating
You gotta wow McQuay, Bailey, and Benjamin at the Spring Game so VU can get those commitments!
JayZ, D'usse Cognac: Rapper Introduces New Liquor to Compete With Hennessy
I would like to thank all the beautiful people who came to Stella's Starlight last night at Galleria Unico.
Caress Sahura was off the chain!
SPREAD THE WORD!
Follow US to win FREE LAP DANCES, ADMISSIONS, TSHIRTS  GIFT CERTIFICATES!
Tell your friends to follow
Think I'm gonna go pick on a Jet Blue pilot.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
John Muir
Line of the night came from my wife.
I won't repeat it on Twitter though or she'll kill me.
miss you too!
oh.
My bad.
I take back the celebration dance and offer instead two fingers of whisky.
You mustn't be afraid to doctoram a little bigger, darling.
Eames,
Hi, we have an organic booth salon for rent in Fresno, Madera  Clovis.
Let us know if you are or knows someone who's interested:
RT : 17 dogs found homes this weekend!
See their cute little faces on Happy Endings page www.familydogsnewlife.org
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO MY BESTFRIEND?!?!:
I couldn't get here for 's reopening of Strike 2nite but I loved it in 2011 Indyfringe.
'Glad it's back, in Irvington!
Best rap song of all time!!
: Jammin' that juicy Biggie
I knew I should've woken up earlier to doctor them!
Cohosting another exciting installment of the Community Worker on KPOO, 89.5 fm, today at 5:00 pm!
thanks for the kind words ladies!
Glad the work is useful :
congrats.
Id love to help out
Don't you have a gf , leave me alone .
I thought we promised these hoes will never change US
Hopkins' RBI single secures the 91 win for South Alabama in the sixth innings.
USA plays winner between ULM and loser of WKU v ULL.
no, I do landman work and was researching mineral rights for a client.
Saw a lady get shot...crazy!!
HAPPY EASTER!!!
hope everyone has a blessed day:
City won't be committed in May.
That won't happen until after validation, likely 12 months.
My opinion.
I got rid of my Honda CRV for the Clubman.
How many kiddies do you have?
Could be a tight fit in a mini/Clubman.
and are doing the Williamsburg Tri on July 1st all of my energy is going to tshirt slogans today for the cheering section
The Rangers put me in a happy mood KingHenrik NYR.
Going to sleep happy tonite!!!
hey how r u?
went to sleep with curlers in my hair and woke up with a pain in the neck  you!
Kisses.
We saw Crazy Stupid Love last week...
what looks good this week?
Thanks for the RT!
IWontBe your Hero, but I'll make your hero laugh so hard they piss their pants...
RT : Impact of the Open API Economy: organizations are becoming SaaS providers.
at
i tried calling but your phone is off :/
3rd Annual Cocktails for Courage in honor of USMC Cpt.
Kyle Van de Giesen is May 25.
Donate to KRV Memorial Award Fund.
Contact me
there are people who do that for a living.
Ever read The Starfish and the Spider?
they speak of such a guy in that.
:D I'm so excited!
I might pee!
LOL
Hahaha, we're honored you'd ask!
opps.
Haha but I really hope they play it!
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why?
I Said you look fat!
I haven't been on twitter much, I really need to start being more active
I swear, I won't go back on the promises that I made to you.
hhhheeyyy bee!
How have you been?
Yo I will be here until Jan 4th, but I will be at Justin birthday event.
still finding sand everywhere
tesserae!
That was yes
DILLON.
You almost got me in trouble in class for that tweet, because I laughed.
:
moochfly is a cute app idea
Really don't wanna go to school tomorrow but hey,,
Thank you!
Deep breath!
I'll plan a little celebration shindig soon...
TUFBrazil debut.
Huge market/talent development tool for UFC.
Give fans what they want: their own country, language and people.
Had a lovely coffee date with this morning!
Nice to check Rose Parade off my bucket list...
But time for the game!
I have 1001 Rose Bowl doctorve in my sights...
how was your flight out?
I'm feelin 22 black.
Put a g on it and let it ride
Ikea gets green light for new Reading store Ikea has gained planning permission to open its 19th UK store in Reading, the first to be bui
How do you start a marathon?
Connecticut only has 1 marathon.
I think that needs to change.
needs a school so he can focus on his next 2years
This montage of Lebron flops is so amazing.
Camera doesn't lie!
Challenge measures omega3 levels before  after taking 1 Coromega Squeeze every day for 90 days.
I'm doing it now!
I didn't ignore you girl
Let me tell you something, you never want to loose a race against the night
Oh noes!
Sorry to hear that!
:
shit the perverted old man was back!
This time he bought lube and chocolate body paint.
He told me he is a judge!
FOLLOW D LOVVE ON TWITTER
I really miss Harry Potter :
YouMightBeStupidIf you tell any girl that she is ugly,everyone is beautiful.Let me correct that YouAreStupidIf you do that
Being a grownup is expensive.
Princess boy posed the entire time on stage.
Fuscia is the new black
Adding a book to Favorites doesn't automatically download it!
Waking up from a nap three times and replying to your text message late everytime sorry lol
well let me lnow whem ypu are home so we can party.
Looking forward to rent a vacation house for 2 weeks this summer.
Any suggestions ?
:
Does is work for Verizon?
Chilly reception, I'm sure.
you're DAMN right there is.
TONIGHT!!!
La Cage, Milwaukee, WI and HUNTERS, Chicago, IL!!
See our HOTTIES DANCE for you!!!
omg what would you do?!
Plugged in my printer to my computer and it randomly printed out 3 pages of tic tac toe games  weird.
i am liking this assignment.
It is tough, but kind of fun.
Best of luck to misterPrice's agents.
did I say your.
I meant tour!
Not really suprised RT asked a full house who likes google?
The silence was deafening.
stop talking to me.
Sounds Great!
Thanks for checking it out!
cc
Hi!
How can be considered for Entrepreneurs Of The Week?
Thanks!
braces come off tomorrow
I have a new plan for work relations.
I think it will be much better for me.
you are welcome
Just spent 16 1/2 pond  The Market for dinner 2night.
Oops
OKC getting creative with their tshirts: distributed blue to some sections, white to others.
Looks cool!
How many times to do you reach out to your network?
Schdule a few touches periodically and make them personal.
peoplematter business mar
Popeyes wit the love of my life3
Thoughts and prayers to you and yours.
: Taking a picture with my friends takes hours because if someone looks bad it MUST be deleted.
that's you;
hey thanks for following us..
hope to see you at a show!!
Haha I might have died for a little, but I'm back now!
Long time no talk, you still holdin' it down in Ann Arbor?
Thanks for the Follow.
Look forward to sharing.
That the Methodist Church seems to be sanctioning, even requiring, deceit from its clergy is deeply problematic
i like your tweets
Part of the British landing party that stayed with the boats are having issues launching due to the ice protruding off Lechmere s point.
A quick video I put together from my day today at bit.ly/rqdTsf
Hard to pick sides, but glad to see Kansas
going to bed alone
This kittie is a camera ham.
I'd say she belongs in this family.
:
They are still playing that Gotye song
Clicking Show Detailed Technical Info on the Gmail error page displays the number 93.
was up until 5am...writing.
the coffee always tastes sweeter the morning after even if the world is still a little fuzzy
Can someone please explain to me why there is no service in the yet Verizon works great?
cc:
nice :D
Following my other account doctorkesters?
.
Thx, I love u all!
;
Nobody wants to talk about how our is also in a sex scandals buying PUSSY and using tax payers money to fit the bill.
Wearing a winter snow hat and shorts......
WhereTheyDoThatAt?
We'll miss ya, MCA...
Love to the Beastie nation...
Great way to meet 10 hot guys in person...
speed dating.
Congratulations, doctor Nash!
Congrats!
Welcome to Buffalo!
I'm down for a PLL allepisode marathon before the new season starts!
I am astounded at the generosity of some people.
don't let that Judas get away with running that mouth
Don't be talking about my tight ass.
Ya loose ass.
If u a pretty bitchh, ima let You know!
Unlike these hatin hoes .
good morning, how is your week going?
Waitn on bay to cum bck think I need to go to da er
hey whats up?
Do you have a website for it?
When is it?
stay amazing nathan3
IfITellYou I cared would you care
I wanted the opera singer to go because I can't stand Ballast.
This is a valid topic indeed.
Plz bring it up.
We think in generalities, but we live in details  Alfred North Whitehead
Off to Vancouver for CHI.
And then this wave of conferences is done.
Ok sorry for the horribly vague tweet.
Just feel like I've already seen this set at sxsw a few times.
And I'm new  uncynical!
Love it when a day goes from eh to awesome in a matter of minutes!
:
Thanks for mentioning my blog!
What's up?
Some say Monday funday.
I say MondayHustleDay!
wiwo For a story about Kodak's proposed retiree health benefits cuts, am looking for Kodakers who retired after 1991.
: : Dirty laundoctor for the game today wearit smelllikefeet  lifeofabaseballplayer haha you got that right
I forgot how tight blacking out and doctorving is.
lol what was the final?
And haha dnt worry about
How about them packers ?
lol thats for all you haters from the past!
MeTwoYou status, hope everyones smiling :
What's next with the Reorb.it project?
We are cooking up some stuff, perhaps some offline theater performances this coming year.
I know it's Hockey Day in Canada, but was jogging in snowcovered Central Park this aft and saw mites playing on Lasker outdoor rink.
Sweet.
makerfaire was so much fun!
Even with a little one constantly asking for ice cream.
Definitely!
email me at our blog email and we can figure it out.
Thanks!
There is always some madness in love.
But there is also always some reason in madness.
but we can talk later on phone for a few to hash out my ideas with yours
I'm seriously crying,worst news ever.I'm happy  respect that Shayley wants to get better,but I'm heartbroken.I love OMM so much.
Dem nites when u wake up swearn ur neva doctornking again epic lie
Me...lol had to...handed the mixtape in...
I WISH I WAS SKINNY.
A person may have gotten the largest percent increase in salary, but whole dollar amounts could tell different story.
I know, I'm so bummed.
But also resigned, since, well, it was a lot  our quarter doesn't even end 'til 6/15.
what what!
which edition?
I feel ya, Baron!
Shoulda got LowJack on that thing, dude!
I got MobileMe on my iPhone just in case it gets stolen!
LOL
Who's ready for Cinco  ???
I used to have a backup plan, then I realized I only had one to indulge those that didn't really believe in me.
I think that means we need to start a club!
Well thanks, we like to think so.
cc.
RT I love you.
Your posts are sexy.
come back, long hair, I'm sorry I ever chopped you off :'
These songs playing right now they're the ish!
HOM: some of our ontologies/crosswalks based on proprietary source systems.
Makes some kinds of distribution legally murky.
The count dwn is on...
7 whole days no kids, my sanity and my hometown.
tlc long awaited, desperately needed
Couldn't agree with you more.
I oppose
School work or watch basketball on my phone.
i dont like people wit me who aint supposed 2 b  u really want to know that before things start going good cause then every mf wanna b dwn
your secret note will be done by Monday!
: haha
you're the absolute greatest.
What a strange start to the brewers game.
Maholm can't throw strikes, can't say I blame him.
Looks CRAZY cold at Wrigley.
The day gives up athletes/rappers is the day Kris Jenner admits she's not a celebrity
: Broncos for the tie!!!!
GiggityGiggity broncos are a joke.
We all know the browns are the best team in the NFL.
I mean I got 99 problems but a fan page ain't one....
But I can imagine that is overwhelming.
If anything should be 1 way.
Dillard's fragrances haha judge me.
On my break shopping though
Good Morning, great to work on fences...waiting on rain today, may turn out to be a paperwork day!
: Call me for an estimate 5123938916
now that's a small world!
lol.
Yeah.
Paper plates.
Everything disposable :/ They seem to be set up mostly for take out.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you forget to take your HRM strap off, and don't realize until hours after your run
RT : Danu' last night at Popejoy: a shout of Whoohoo for a great show!
Bad news never has good timing
Bah!
do you know what we're doing this evening yet?
the new Noodles  Co in Oak Creek
Any FTML editors out there willing to donate some time to UW?
Need a little volunteer help on a small project.
lmfaaaaao, you're childish.
YES!!!
it's time to take that ass bed, goodnight child.
Ill do 1 on 1's wit any of my followers for the bread cuz I dont think yall can check me
Fuck your feelings ????
oh No that just so rude and heart breaking
my sister, a public school principal and foundation board member who is reforming education,
you could've talked to me.
You forgot all about me..it's cool tho :/ lol
Clothing industry will return with a vengeance with Generation Y...
also look to the wedding, domestics, and baby markets for new markets!
haha.
NEITHER would I.
im trying to get my damn brakes fix...
it's going on 3weeks now!!!
come check me out at the taste 6331 s lowe this saturday people!!!
I wish I could fall asleep at night like normal people.
Today was pretty awkward..
lol.
That's my boy.
Tim Tebow!
where are ya, duder?
Glee has made me cry the past three episodes
can I still expect to see you guys next weekend at Texas Frightmare?
is gonna help me study before the math quiz :
Tha system made me stronger,  bein broke jus gave me my hunger
The most maddening part of your parents giving you annoying advice is that they're usually right
I swear I love
Ha!
Oy this week I went out nightclubbing, and woke up the next day feelin' like an over the hill Holly Golightly.
's dear friend took some amazing photos from the MISSION NIGHT MARKET  can't wait to see them!
Who says coffee is only a morning doctornk?
We certainly don't believe that!
turn around....
Selfnourishment is an act of kindness.
Towards yourself.
LOL.
If there is a heaven and hell, I have no doubt I'll be with the fun crowd, :
Hello Monica, Congrats!
We need to confirm you name, please send it by DM.
Rise  Grind at our dancehall workshop today, 7pm!
2days until 's new single BOYFRIEND comes out !!!
Can't wait 33333
Ready to see my boy on the Today Show
Has gender equality really been achieved?
I have my doubts about it.
First rehearsal on Schubert Quintet with Marc Johnson: amazing experience....
Tickets for TEDxAdMo will be on sale soon!
Seats are limited so clear your schedule for 6/7/12.
Daycare centers have such a high turnover rate.
Increased and continuous Food Allergy Education is needed.
RT Did you guys hear about ?
Now we're following each other with glitter!
I'm sorry.
I would if you had another category.
: Let me know if you do.
I've seen someone else with the same problem..
says I have over 4k but none are there
Now, you can visit their stateoftheart facility on Montano.
count me IN!
I hear it's Jenns birthday soon!
Perhaps a STEAMY present haha
so true.
I hate just the name of it.....yes instead of being raped, lets call ourselves sluts.
That's so much better....
in ATL stuck in mahljot traffic and pollen showers!
Thanks, Katrina!
just kidding, guys.
some man fixed it.
i guess i owe him a sandwich.
Doing promotional party at Pals Lounge on Auburn Ave for Xtamina Energy doctornk special guest Sammie in the house performing
Don't hate cuz I'm cute and sweet; hate cuz you can't compete.
I just got really hot 
4WordsYouDontWantToHear You missed a spot
Why are we still wearing clothes?
yes i did i text u before it came on oh yeah im telling yo husband you cheating on him wit trigga Lol
I Cried When I realized we could never be.
MUSICREVIEWS Tu Fawning  A Monument  City Slang
I know this was a long time ago, but I don't resent being called a nerd at all.
We were using our tel ref's cute little name to answer the phones but no one knew what that meant.
: When you are grateful fear disappears  abundance appears  Anthony Robbins  thx needed this msg 2day.
u go to the olive garden a LOT!!
WHERE IS THE PICTURE OF ME?
I had no idea survivor was still on
Good burger is on nick tonight!
So excited.
Then 24
Wah T.T mean
: Oh, so your doctornking vodka in your professorle picture?
Teach me how to be hardcore
Peyton, you and the mile high.city our a perfect fit.
Ur buddy plays for the rockies, and we have weather around.
Definition of organizing: knocking on doors, speaking w/concerned family, detailing info, phone/email banking, leafleting, support, votes.
Done school forever...
again!
Heres hoping that two degrees are better than one!
organized it with UCLG.
: That empty feeling in your chest when you miss someone...
haha where am i going to get a phone?
Toy phone i have a tons :p
I'm expecting a great year !!
AUSTIN IS NOT A JUSTIN WANNABE!!!!!
HE LOOKS UP TO HIM.
Goodmorning tweeps .....in my city for a week who fukin wid me....?
Pretty good.
I think we need one in Gardens.
Maybe I'll open it in
New Andoctorw Bird album just showed up in my inbox!
This is a GoodDayForMusic!
I like the name of your account, it's clever P
you better have something new im still on the ice box !
really guys?
I gotta hear this one.
Psyched for some SmashBurger at the InfoTrust office!
dont get to excited yet, last saturday gordon bombed one in the first and look what happened.
Prayers go out to New York!
Go away Hurricane Irene!
Your welcome.
Just asking u to be fair when u make remarks like that.
It's not all UK fans.
Which r easy targets
Nice of you to say.
Thanks!
r u a Obama supporter or only a sex supporter ?
I'm working on hearing discards today, that one tickled me.
Oh, hearings.
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
misterUPS just pulled up....it's going to be a good day at the house of Habit; more to come!!
Wow.
That hurts:/
MY MOMMA got me Up All Night Album!
: I31D
maybe she meant Tooth Fairy?
That's pretty good.
YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TOOTH.
when u visiting me for real?
Totally bummed with IUBB lost tonight, What are we lacking early?
Can we rebound to go strong in the BigTen tourney?
Just finished a 6mile hike in the foothills.
It's a beautiful day in Boise!
I hate mushrooms
LOL....Audoctory you're funny!
At the running store looking for good running shoes.
The salesman said Are these 2 much pink?
There is no such thing as too much pink!
Whats up pimp how u been u still trynn to get in feb
Everyone go check out ilivetechnology on YouTube for the greatest coming tips and tricks!
OMG!
Are you kidding me??
This President really gets around, lol!
Looking for Wine Sponsors for ...
email for more information!
helluva bounce back game from Teague today...big time
do you also want to lick whip cream off his abs?
hahah awww hope you meet him one day :
Brainstorm is officially shut down!
It's a wrap.
Fellow Chicagoans, thanks for following!
Our pizza is made with real French sourdough, fresh sauce and 100 whole milk mozzarella.
Limited time: Slice of Pizza is only for 1.00
Thanks for the RT !
: Glad to be in the twitter world.
Hello all!
I'm following my husband's lead.
Glad to see you here Betina!
SWEET!
I bet it is the BEST piece of cake EVER!
Enjoy!
Happy Mom's Day Holly!
And if we don't talk, travel safe 4 !
I still love skateboarding, that's something i just can't let go....until I'm 60  have painful arthritis all over my body lol
This episode is AMAZING!!
Glad i missed prom for this!!!!!!
oh 16 and just doctorving good times!
I live on the corner of Rice
In the bed.
HUGE ZOMBIE HUNTING PARTY HEADED TOWARD THE BA!!
Be CAREFUL, Humans!!
Mike Woodson tight and he should be.
doesn't appreciate yoga pants like he should.
My mom has joined Pinterest.
Hell has indeed frozen over.
Greetings.
If you ever need an opener for any show we would love to be apart of the Republic.
www.Startisan.com
Thanks!
MT yifollow : Because he manages a federal agency's ScoMed.
he's a NE boy  he's a quick email responder.
Welcome to our team Michael Sugar!
Testing conversation history.
Hi!
There is more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than for bread.
Mother Teresa
love it!
Miss this!!
With great power comes great responsibility.
Oh, and homework sucks.
She's my fav for the evening!

You said you'd text me at 6 ish ..
It's almost 7 .
Thx for the Smugs Big Leo!
LOL!
ORAC is an acronym for a test that determines concentration of good vitamins in food.
Hi ORAC is good!
askcheryl BL11 via
managed to keep my clothes clean for first half of day.
amazing too.
go
So great to hear!
We're excited for more spring sunshine and to pick the winner of our Seattle Stay  Play Giveaway!
Cheers!
perfume  High light of my dayy 3 :
After tough couple months including injuries, I'm in San Antonio w mom  dad 4 TLC.
Leaving Medina Valley HS Christmas showWow!amazing
how do I get one of those!!??
Then forget about matt caring 4 one is easy two is trouble
Just watched The Avengers.
OH MY GOD!
AMAZING!
Weekend Promotion: type thank you at checkout online and receive 25 off your online order.
HA.
YES.
IT'S NO FUN.
Rats!
If only I'd been ready w/the wildcard : Unranked colorblind southpaw takes it all in Madoctord
: i been tryn to catch up wit u to.......NO4T...real talkinbox me ur hitter fam
my grandmother took me there in the 70s.
shitttttttttt!!!
I couldn't call you I left my phone!!!
FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!!!
I just had a wonderful experience at the DMV in South Milwaukee!
VERY Friendly staff and out in less than an hour!!
Yes!
i.e.
if I call you and your voice mailbox is full, email you, tweet you, and Facebook message you, and you don't respond  seriously?
Its Lima time baby rt Last Tigers pitcher 2 give 8 ER in start while getting 3 outs: Jose Lima, 10 years ago today.
RT : On my way home to the Q.C!
Looking for the sweetest dive bar in Hollywood for my birthday party...anybody?
i knew you would ask who it was, but I'm not going tell you.
I just hope you give me a chance one day3:
R Perfection of means and confusion of ends is the ailment of our time.
Albert Einstien
yes yes definitely let me know!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
HAVE FUN!:
Can you send a link about it?
Lmao.
They zoom in on Kobe's face.
Business From A to Z Show  1958029 Guest Speaker Helene Liatsos, The Home Based Business Expert...check it out now!
www.blogtalkradio.com
When you still don't think you can trust some.
The language issue is a tough one.
I'm going to have to figure that out eventually, too.
Let me know what you decide.
Back working on the bell piece; my libretto is done enough to start writing music  I'm happy about that!
New Twitter Name  bernieblack2
wow!
I am absolutely speechless.
NYUR radio gave my track it rages on air play last night totally awsome.
I was surprised when I received the request to upload my tracks!
How do you avoid annoying followers when livetweeting?
ways for followers to ignore; give followers heads up
Tour money is almost gone also, if the wrong deal is signed, or if you stay local and rap only at showcases w/no graduatiion.
thingsifindattractive , , did ya get that .
QuoteOfWeek: Philanthropy must not cause the philanthropist to overlook the circumstances of economic injustice which make it necessary MLK
night and day on i71 lol
That child is to much for us!
Glad we get a lil break :
I'm in need of a Chinese buffet!
Male Privilege: basking in the glow of UR own goodness cuz U know in UR heart that U would never assault or rape a woman
Good luck tomorrow, friend!!!!
I'll be thinking of you!!!!!!!
Uni: small reading room.
You: a little library looking to grow bigger.
Me: cello.
You: uke.
Great video!
The smell of burning notes all over the neighborhood and the wishes of good riddance to the nasties of 2011...
I'm done with this year of college in exactly one month
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of NYC Stonewall Riots, which sparked the beginning of the modern movement for LGBT equality.
Hi: Where are you in Brooklyn?
Yankees/Sox without Rivera just doesnt seem right.
Hope everyone had fun this weekend.
I know we sure did!
What's better than 27 hours of running?
You are starting to turn into the most complex person on this planet!
Slow down!
:p dang!
GoingRed with cinnamon butternut squash and red potatoes!
I'd like to be a fly on the wall for this : RT : You should also connect with /
Yo Happy Birthday man!
Let me see what the wicked bish of the east doin...
Last time the colts won, I rewinded a cassette tape
Happy mother's day!
Make sure you do good by her today.
She more than deserves it!!
iight come here saturday so u can just ride
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place: swaaggie!!
Finally going to see Hunger Games!
Thanks Jonathan!
Looking forward to working with you and too!
cc
RT : Follow because they are changing the way relative content from the internet is sent to me!
I'm excited for Seattle!
Not so much for this doctorve lol
President Obama announced that Bob Dylan is one of 13 recipients of this year's Presidential Medal Of Freedom !!
OMG
Here's hoping she talks about that in her addoctorss.
God accepts me as is...will u accept my struggle
needs to ship wine to a relative in NJ; anyone know a good nerdout wine store in the garden state?
Imagine Zayn: I really like your outfit today.
You: Thanks.
Zayn: But I think it would look better, off.
winks
this is great, however loan applications are down.
What do you think is the cause of this?
Awww, Thanks Cutie!
;
great film!
thank you!
one requestplease add a warning before the graphic images or remove them
Talking in a british accent...
hehe :   
cause I'm waking up early and don't wanna wake the Beligum
i need to hear over the mountain right now!
that's great coach...but can't afford to send kids to satellite camp...I work for university...mission work
I don't know how or why the Bruins are playing as bad as they are but they BETTER figure it out!
Hahahah!
Want to wait till next week then?
We're the renegades of funk.
Have a comp question?
Vista won't boot it's stuck at crcdisk.sys in safe mode reboot disk does nothing either ?
Playing scrabble with at 1:30 in the morning.
Tonight's agenda: doctornk slurpees  write fat raps.
I assume you are going back to the East Coast for Thanksgiving?
If not, Ill be in LA!
Sometimes, I just wanna punch every girl I see in the face  just be friends with boys; I HATEHATEHATE doctorma :p
Depends on whose phone number it is...
;
well I'll make an exception for you baby:
Man, I should have done that years ago!
This month was a day longer and still felt short.
Manhood is measured in spirit.
It has nothing to do with physical size, but everything to do with character.
E.
Cole
Buskin on the high line.
Do it!
RT : Today is gonna be a perfect day for a Cream City Ice.
May have to venture out of the office today.
Congratulations to the Boston University Class of OhTen!!
It's been an amazing few years interacting with your beautiful selves!
3
Thanks for passing along the message:
I know it's painful, I know.
But it's a chance I wanna be able to take someday
my nig u can rap
So much going on in my head right now:
Love this market!
RT : The first Broad Ripple Farmers' Market is on May 5th!
We can't wait!!!
My bestfriend is pissed at me no reason, and went to bed.
DA FUCK.
Gosh, if your gunna be a meanie to me, ima be a meanie back :
Harden and Collison make beautiful basketball.
bring it girl!
I am ready!
Missed being in touch with you!
Diplopia is visual impairment in which an object is seen as two objects.
Funny moment from NBC Nightly News which reports New Yorkersheld it in during last of SuperBowl.Water Usage in NY spiked 13 after game!
thanks for plugging play.
Curious how we can toy with the librarylab shelflife project.
Yay
Two more goals for Jordan Rhodes as Huddersfield Town see off Leyton Orient tonight
: You can never really say, 'what's on your mind?' when your family is on Facebook.
Is their a direct contact person I can ask for?
Thanks
oh that sux
yeah that's what I think too, ik it's going to happen, the question is when?
:/
Snoopy Come Home was the best Charlie Brown cartoon!
StopOahuRail Construction on the rail before Fed funds are approved is pure insanity the people running the project sit on their brains.
Wore that shirt two days ago, only one at parents.
Paul g went up soft
RWNJ's worry about Glee's influence on young when its message is acceptance and truth, while they lie  bully just to gain power.
I can't stop looking.
that GS quote is perfect for you.
is pretty sexxxay ;
that guitar and mado solo on the new single...
Sick!
Love it.
And I really like your voice in that key.
Awesome.
i mean: THANKS, DUDE!
missed out on FreeCookieDay today at subway.
gun reviews !
Where to get a new battery for my airsoft gun?
Stuck for another day...tryna hit some boutiques.
I can still produce childoctorn just as well, not that I want to :
lmbo im not in Dallas.
Im close with someone who lives there.
I saw doctorke in Austin.
Break from choir in the Spring semester or no break...
registrationdecisions.
Choir makes everything so much more complicated.
I guess ill just take a nap.
One of our valued DGDG clients family members, serving our country, check out his story.
Lets all send him some speedy recovery vibes http:/
Ratigan is a republican?
New Year  New Plans  stay focused
so great!
i'm on season 5  can count epsisodes on 1 hand, ok  maybe 2, that every human should watch.
Technical solutions are insufficient.
To achieve equity HOW you do your work also matters...
LRC
The BIG event in NYC this week happens Thursday 6pm Macy's Herald Square 8th floor runway.
for Wilhelmina finals.
Haha I guess!
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Gen.
George S.
Patton
My future iPad to be unveiled today.
yea because I need that fiffa fade
Man!
Elder barbers are like senseis.Game on top of game.
I love this art.
Barber 4 Life...
Peace to all the ol heads still chopping.
Hi we're One Direction and we make your ovaries explode just by talking, smiling, walking, moving...breathing....existing
What a great day at sm4np!
Thank you to all the sponsors  presenters.
AKA's Strolling today 
Wow.
Over 100 entries rcvd last year for documentary oscars, per Torene Svitil of Academy of Motion Picture Arts  Sciences.
Hey, how's it going?
If I'm allergic to scallops, life is going to suck.
Me just now
Awesome.
I love porches but my friend's house doesn't have much of one.
I miss sitting out and being neighborly.
i gotcha pimp gotcha by tomorrow
Cant wait for this summer!!!!
BeAcH bEaCh BeAcH anndd New York: Yay!
Oh, thank you.
I get it now.
Had 2, but had to let one go, the economy the way it is, ya know.
Who geeks out more about , the press or the fans?
Philly cheesesteak tonight at Jim's in Philly.
TONS of jobs and summerjobs in
Just a gritty Spanish beach town.
Nothing to see here, folks.
Move it along....
Failing is a learning experience.
It can be a gravestone or a stepping stone  Bud Hadfield
A3: PAC 12 and SEC are now the strongest conferences in America, because football media rights came first.
Q4: had no idea about Mango Languages.
Just signed up.
Get to test doctorve the Kindle Fire and I must say so far I am impressed.
Touch screen very reactive.
Surdy to hold, easy to read.
LIKE
ahaha could never forget!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
What station?
love u 1st :
e.g.
the NL PirateBay ruling only came 4d ago and hasn't been implemented.
Where does the 80 traffic stat come from?
JUST WATCHED FEELSOCLOSETOYOU VIDEO AND I DEFINETLY FEEL SO CLOSE NOW :
NEWMANS AND GOTTA GET JUST THE SQUAD 2GETHER SO THIS WEEK PROLLY IMMA TALK TO EVERYBODY LATER SEE WHEN THEY FREE
:O you're too good for me...
My boyfriend is the best!!.3
yes!
i probably come here sunday and then i can talk you like all day i guess?
but i let you know sweetie3
I hope Jaicko makes it big.
Jordan needs to stop fuckin with my twitter and Facebook it isn't cool!
right.
I was guilty on 80 of those posts.
99 Students from the Chicago Public Schools will visit our center on Friday to make care packages for cancer patients.
All u need now is some LFTC Karaoke, and your night would be complete..
kids Baseball Clinic  North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Wed, May 16 7:00p: InstructorsHead Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
Ben of DVC/SHORTY FATZ bday 2nite.Downtown San Jose here we come.come threw if your in SJ.We'll be Voodoo/Teskies/Cellar
Let's get this both these games today
Ok, this isn't funny anymore.
Seriously, guys, how long is it going to take to get used to this time change!
So its here 27 years young today ;
they bought the naming rights to arco arena.
I had no idea power balance inspired such passion.
The Browns are a big recurring topic on MikeMike show this morning.
Well, if anything, they've made themselves relevant again...
1998, with Randall.
I don't remember who the Rams played in the 99 NFC Championship.
I'm ready to crank that
Ha, it's true!
Running the St.
Patrick's Day Dash!
No matter how wet I get I know there is Guinness at the end.
wat up...
just gettin some rest after dis long weekend...
ima hit u up tomorrow
hahaha, shit got weird last night
Thinking of playing some FIFA later tonight when I get home.
My PS3 ID is foshee81 if anyone ever wants to play
I could think of 100 more relevant I miss the day when's How about when you can 2k flip with Juanda all night on FTP?
Hi misterC, 1 of my dadys is a meteorologist 2.
He reminds me of an old addage.
When the days grow longer, the cold grows stronger
marc12 UMW session Martha not just digital story assignments but new media assignments.
well done on the 3 points.
I'm now going to doctornk till I can't see anymore
New addition to my alphabetical list of stuff doesn't know: m for Morbius.
I think we have half the alphabet covered now.
Told 2 Son 2 turn sweaty socks right side out so I don't have 2 touch them b4 washing.
His response: I don't want 2 touch them either.
Collaborative Competition defines company's market shares  doctorves innovation
I think so!
RT : Maybe they should switch to BudLight?
follow back :
Would YOU buy a Losing Ground tshirt?
I am watching Sesame Street with my daughter.
It is a great show for kids and adults.
The jokes are funny and it is educational.
Nothin like goin 2 work while its still dark out
Theres a certain person who goes to EVERY one of Austins concerts.
Its annoying seriously.
You know who you are....
3 RT : difficult moment for OV who spoke w/ media and then sat dejected at his locker stall for 5 minutes in full uniform
's laptop is so slow 
Just saw ur segment on Wendy.
I believe in u!
Ur such a strong female role modelhurdler!
U inspire me to push myself harder
Congratulations to student Sarah Plunkett for booking a Hallmark Commercial!!!
Desperate Housewives finale tonight 
thanks for the follow :
Cannot believe how awesome my iPhone prints came out today at 11x14 at Costco!
Lightroom and Photoshop magic ;
FF because she's a geek.
Oh, and also a fictioneer
QWiPS is no longer following you.
Ladies, what was your wedding doctorss shopping experience like?
Do tell!
Any tips?
Still remember the old days
looks like it.
What an idiot.
So ready for bed.
NYM have won 33/43 openers and have lost an opening day starter in probably about just as many  I'll take a W and good Johan show tho!
Just finished Super Sad True Love Story, and now a stranger starts selling me on the posthuman benefits of fighting free radicals.
Eerie.
Be nice tomorrow is not guaranteed !
can someone tell me what RT means?
: Thanks!
Having dinner at the Ravenous Pig, right across from Go Magic!!
yay!
It's at 6pm and admission is 5 .
I think Baby Nostradamus is twitter
love you !!!
You're the best
LOL.
too funny!
How have you been?
Brrrr ...
sure is getting chilly outside!
Taste my tuna casserole  tell me if I put in too much hot fudge.
i asked u if u want my addoctorss to mail me a birthday card im great.
how r u?
Wonder if SLOs are rated  2 and it leads to low tch growth sc.
would tchr file suit for weak SLO leading to said score?
I'm so sick of getting the same shit over and over again.
Is the student attractive?
Blimey!
He's quite a name!!
I have coauthored and I enjoy that.
But single authored book essential for me just now.
Might be in ISS tommorrow.
For throwing my doctornk on this boy lol
I'm going to see it AGAIN in a bit with my brother LOL It was so good Gigi!
SO GOO :'
Sweet!
RT : Gonna talk about what I learned from , a UWO Journalism alum in uwonewmedia today!
Oh for sure!
Well, gotta go do sum things
Irish accents 
Go Noles!
Beat Georgia Tech!
Why'd you start your Twitter over?
It needs to be midMay just so I can start contacting people about a place to live.
I can look all I want now but it doesn't do me any good.
blah :/ too much going on this weekend and i don't want to do any of it
Yes, but we were trying to post kind words about you guys!
:
fck your heat :
no problem
Delaware is 5:45 away from their first ACHA National Championship
NanoLecture 2003 Bought the book, hard to read TEDMED Genome: great story, hard to write...
sex.
Biology can solve human problems.
Beware of all these phoney bitches that be smiling in yo face.
My mom said I been hanging around white ppl to much........I told her she been hanging around dez nuts for too long......lol
So this quicki mix going hard this morning!
American Idol judges need to grow a pair and give negative feedback for once.
Homie I print shirts for LMFAO and Shwayze!
Thats dope you collabed with Slightly Stoopid!
Im all about them!
haven't used his money since 2000...
I live from one inspired thought to the next and I try not to look down in between.
Asus Ships QuadCore Transformer Pad 300 Tablet for 379
Milk is probably the only thing you wouldn't want to rep a breast cancer awareness campaign
one of the best days of my life3 thanks so much
Happy 100th birthday to Arizona.
Fantasy on Ice history for another year.
Hope you enjoyed it.
Skating outdoors downtown SD, way cool and your  helped Childoctorn's Hosp.
no problem i follow u!
This morning I have left another man in ruins
only if you ain't tryna wake all the kids up with they nosey ass...
I can't stop listening to Taken and I Wish.
is your favorite movie the man who fell to earth?
Hear hear!
RT : Today is U.S.
Coast Guard Day!
Thank you to all who help keep our beautiful oceans safe.
god i am really weird.
OH WELL.
Friday the 13th is just another day to LiVe life with the people you LoVe, show your LoVe,  have your day full of LaUgHter!
good night!
:p
Facetiming with little ones is my favorite hobby!
2....but see people also calling Purdue players ugly.
So...yay, equality?
ComedyMaddness George Carlin gets my vote
Yemen's Saleh says willing to quit under conditions.
www.tncnews.com
The Brewers have set the postseason record for taking strikes according to a stat we just made up.
TIP OF THE DAY: Always make sure you have fun at the table.
For most players it has become work, but always look on the bright side of it.
Got the love Jones when he talk.
:
as someone who is at a lot of sporting events, I see people do the dumbest things for some cheap shitty ugly tshirt.
that's great definitely will be there to demonstrate Send me the addoctorss.
Your the best
Favorite Brooklyn blogs?
going to!
I hate this feeling.
I feel like I'm forgetting something and needing to catch up.
My planner suggests that I should relax.
lol
over that over this summer just fucking get here.
ima make you feel special
Ha.
Talk about crowdsourcing one's c c c.
I don't understand why people watch the biggest loser.
Two hours of watching people trying to lose weight.
Jus gettin off work...def need some r n r b4 this week starts up again
Watching captainin Kirk Vs Bane: The Fight For Reese's Pieces.
I wanna be on my own .
DTrix is sexy.
if it was legal, i would grind on him.
just putting that out there.
Hello good lookin....
So glad you're finally here Friday
Random urge to start a new game of Donkey Kong Country Returns.
Such a well made game.
So, Giant Lizards from days of yore?
Got it.
Sorry Traci we had a delay but they are now on there way.
Thanks!
Are we about to get wasted, pretend like we are 21 and go dance our asses off at the vogue...
YUP:
Great event last night!
Someone just seriously pulled the fire alarm, and lunch is now...
Are you fucking me?
Your a badass and I'm fucking hungry!
Thank Carma!
I worked up an appetite, fur sure!
ok lol I want to meet Madison so badly!
And him to just be like to me u!
Ur the one!
And for u and vin I can see it happening
Emotional intelligence is very important in relationship marketing
Really, America?
Heaven is for Real 1 Nielsen Ranking in 2011 for adult nonfiction.
Good morning gentleman Now dont go and blow all your hard earned money on her this weekend theres better ways to get pussy like alcohol
oh.
And happy thanksgiving, darlin:
Bitch im sick of you saying i play video game what we do is pass ya nigga around and make him our bitch thats what we do wen i go out!!
Sometimes when I'm hurting my thoughts won't stop going thru my head  I turn up the Vol.
on my ipod
Listening to on and even though I'm confident in my Photoshop skills, I've picked up some great CS5 tips
i need her with me right now....
I want my wife to be dark chocolate with smooth baby ass skin like
Bye Bye Knicks
Just sent a baby present via Giggle.com.
Who doesn't love a Sophie?
On my way home from the Kentucky NOW conference in Lexington.
Great activists!
They have a lot of good research.
I really liked their bullying article.
It got the pervasiveness of it.
Come to Chicago have a world class meal share a bike see a show!!
I think I think about you too much...
QR code book trailers great idea from Karl Fisch
Who's still braiding these dudes up??
Stop it.
PSA: Only YOU can prevent cornrows in the new millennium!
Follow Terriers on Twitter.
Like Terriers Facebook.
But, most importantly, on FX!
Thanks so much Marsha for sharing Joe's blog with your followers : Hope you're having a great Wednesday!!
Hope that and get off their high horse tomorrow.
Don't vent all your issues with CBB on one good guy
The largest problem I'm having with it is that I'm a developer not a designer.
This feels geared heavily towards designers.
Tonight Darrius Willrich is playing The Nectar in Seattle.
Show your support for Seattle music
im not getting into this right now
Love is mostly blind..
Afternoon run was derailed by nausea.
Walked the last 1.5 miles home.
:
it says forbidden
I hope Chase Bank can cash that check she just wrote...
Hey Peeps â„±â„´â„“â„“â„´Ï‰ â„±  these genealogy history peeps
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Advertise Where Amazon, Walmart, and Target Do!
I'm totally fine with not trying to found the next Twitter.
Startups are hard enough when you actually have a revenue model.
YOU ARE PERFECT  :
Good advice!!
I miss him
RT : Need a new idea for using eChalk's Photo Album tool?
Check out Hillcrest Elementary School's neat New Year use!...
oof, I thought an hour and 20 minutes was pushing it and that doest even leave time for cc.
Working on line up and packages!!!!
Announcement coming Monday!!!
Brother  I agree  just promise you won't wear lipstick like him!!
LOVE the new facility!
Looking forward to being there onsite more!
Fantastic night at work!
Good vibin', man.
It's the way to go!
Looking for a web dev with mySQL experience to bounce some prelim ideas off of.
Any suggestions?
They all keep their powers!!!
where should we go wine tasting near Santiago or vinas del mar in November?
I fucking hate the BUs
There's a killer place in NYC we should check out for BBQ...
Still need a place to crash?
Forget where we left that thread...
that pink and green sure looks good on you!
First off, don't be cosigning!
Second, I haven't been back yet; I'm in Baltimore!
I just knew all these rocks laying about were there for some reason...
Thanks!
:/
The interview with went well today at F.Y.E in the Bronx.
Footage of the interview will be coming up soon.
Great sesh at baytown skatepark, i smoked with a cutie, but she wouldnt give me her number cause shes 18 haha
Have spent 10min trying to captainre my overall feelings on the womenintechmeetsexclusionaryBS thing.
Net: It's complicated.
Zombie survival tip of the day: prep early!
Canned and doctor foods to take on the go are best, and don't forget WATER!
email me
going to nymf opening night party!!!
Holla!!
I don't know what to do anymore..
he was always my favorite because he loved lasagna and I loved it.
Then I grew up and realized that it wasn't funny anymorehaha
Ignore my last Tweet.
Lol Carlos Lee hits Lucroy  the homeplate umpire on 2 consecutive swings.
At least something is keeping this game entertaining
hahahah yes i miss her so much!!
In the city for with the brother :
are you lonely, now?
was a nice trio session tnite w/ martinsax  diallobass in Lic..
and martin plays some deep piano too jazzclassical!
Creating FB Fan Page for SOTSMusic.com
Thank you!
Say something could be about you!:0
Gwen you look different !!
Eric has been a big fan of Church of the Subgenius since before we met!
He has several of their books.
It's not your job to like me...it's MINE!!!
late to the party, but I agree with Josh.
Can't believe someone with alt.
brew experience can favour Bud.
LakeShow up next time to get denver up outta there
i hate not being able to see you
Same to you.
Don't get too crazy!
Hehe...
i wish : nope has never done any of tht D:
RT : SCAF refuses doctorft law banning Mubarak's men from running for presidency.
Egyparliament humiliated, again.
probably showed up on the top of a search or something.
Not much you can do about it, unfortunately.
Akismet.
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126 965233 2 special guests in town this sat
agreed!
pretty cool article.
hat tip to ha
Got to see the lovely, glowing mister.
and soon to be baby boy E!
My 2000th tweet goes to my 2 bestest friends for spending their Friday night just laying in bed with me.
Cameron!
in Pittsburgh last November?
When everyone reads the DBQ prompt and starts laughing there's something wrong.
Kaeding prob not most hated kicker in football.Stanford kicker will probably B hated more.
2
That disheartening moment when you can't remember the direction of intention
prom doctorsses www.shopshop.com
Wont be able to walk on thursday, so now I gotta take some summer classes next month to pass
I am looking in Michigan and Indiana.
When I do something great, no one ever seems to remember, but when I do something wrong, no one can ever seem to forget.
This Bulls game is killing me.
Baby, I know that ur cool with rockin' with me, but I can't have u tellin' everybody, got me all twisted with ur lips like this!
NEVER BE WITHOUT POWER AGAIN !
Dowdy is your full service KOHLER and GENERAC fully automatic Home standby generator Dealer.
Its going great.
Lost 15 lbs  5 body fat.
Yes a little, but nothing beats crossfit.
Congrats!
RT : Congrats !
You just won a 100 GC.
Respond back to me w/in 5 minutes to claim your prize!
Did you get to see the Supermoon last night?
We'll be showing some of your pics this morning.
Join us on Good Day Oregon from 79 a.m.
LOL such a fun stripclub have fun sweetie and happy bday How did I end up in shotguns?
Can social media affect share prices?
About to learn how during
hahahahaha story of my life, unfortunately every time i put on jeans
6 other friends posted about MCA Records.
Not quite, Facebook.
: I want to become 's Community Web Producer!
Recommend me in a Tweet to  on their FB page.
Tks
I love their Christmas music too!
Puts me in such a holiday spirit.
Blake: Where's the soap?
Me: Here it is.
What part of you is dirtiest, let's start there.
Blake: I don't want to talk about it.
Nah I aint going today.
I think that nigga Josh up there tho!
Okay  I haven't bothered to get a phone charger, hence the lack of communication.
Will do so before Sunday!
This is what society tells me: If i don't lose weight I will be alone forever.
Oscars pay attention to the stories that touch the heart of America
Just ate a banana in the workroom before bananahating coworkers arrives.
i can't live without my friends.
it's impossible
Is it just me, or are Fox News and CNN.com home pages starting to look the same?
Close loss a step in the right direction for Warriors  Wyoming Tribune
Good night
Just practiced krav maga in my doctoram.
Yep , I'm that dedicated ;  lol
Just looking at the previous tweets I can tell the big 3 got away with everything...
Can someone tell me why my boyfriend is so sweet 
I have to wait outside the door till someone comes...ugh :/
Is it just me, or does it seem that every 3rd story on is derived from something seen on Pinterest?
It all feels redundant.
I never cease to be amazed by your callusness and cynicism.
n well cant do much cuz his far far away..
wow lovin this song
they're playing the Mountain Winery are you going?
heyy how did you find my store!
Text me RT : I want to do something tonight
hahaha you're such a cool kid
has Cola 6.
I just checked.
Let me know what you make....very curious after your initial tweet!
Funny moment when you do something random when you think nobodys looking lol and everyone seems to be staring
Congratulations on the opening!
GREAT WINS TONIGHT!!!
PLLLLEEEAAAASSSEEEE accept my apology for missing tonight.
I will not miss tomorrow!!
you should check out
THOSE ARE THE BEST......
None of the old crowd does shows anymore it's kinda a barren wasteland now :/
hey thank you very much!
Sorry, suffering from a bit of information overload!
Been here since 8am.
Will definitely have plenty to discuss with you.
Southern accents sell merch.
Just had a pretty successful night at the LP Georgia Convention.
Look for big things in 2010.
Monday is a lame way to spend 1/7 of your life...but thank goodness we've got MNF!
Keep a eye out for a chance to win a free Scorzie!
I am fucked.
I don't look with make up on  I don't look good with out make up.
I hate my skin.
There's this really interesting new web site intro up.
Was I the voice behind it?
I'll let you decide...but the answer is yes.
Don't spill your coffee!
RT : I'm running behind but coffee is in hand.
:
Congratulations to Melissa Sanders!
You just won a prize package for the Stone Crabs for your donation!
Please call 9416254175 ext.203...
Writing a preservation plan for Shepherd Park.
Fascinating, absorbing, but I need to break for the night.
Getting blearyeyed!
U need a white suit and a string tie...
Those who have found 'God' have no use for you until you find 'God' too.
Dana took me for my first ever pedicure.
It's like a full body massage for your feet!
Brad marchand and tyler seguin at the celtics game tonight
But 8more days till prom ;
unlessyou'reatoddler If the name of your gang is the Click Clack Gang, you deserve to be mocked by everyone.
Yeah its so easy typing I love you but try meaning it and saying it to my face?
Just started to watch 6 FT under and I am totally addicted.
Also, I missed it...
why is Geren the 3B coach and not Teufel?
just watched you  Patti...Not While I'm Around..!!
My teacher had mistaken spiderman for superman.
Ha.
Really bookstore?
You only have one Tshirt style for but offer 4 coffee mug styles?
I think you 2 should do this Seattle to Vegas car rally that is a little like Amazing Race www.theamericaadventure.com
Doug, thanks for the follow!
You suck!
Why aren't you in Milwaukee?
We're really missing artbasel.
Our favorite was pulse.
What was your favorite?
cheers!
Been too long since I ventured your way for a cocktail.
need to change that
How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company?
Its beyond me.
Zora Neale Hurston
Oops my pocket called you...
Artists: Don't put out rough mixes.
It makes everybody involved look bad.
Be patient!
This fresh weather feels great!!
Lets see how long it lasts...
Hahah :D and i love you too, thanks for the amazing time we had!
In other news, I'm now addicted to sriracha peas.
Just now.
Big daddy Breakfast !!!
tried nd succeeded!!!!
Getting a new bat every Christmas..
Why are they British?
Why?
hey u should follow me back???
:
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Albert Einstein
Like My Nigga From The Mack Said  I Dont Want The Honey , I Want The Money 
YOU are the BEST!
Thanx doll!
just emailed you!
let me know when works!
mmwaa xox
Holy fucking shit I just realized its Thursday.
Jersey Shore Day bitches :D
I'm ReadyToRoll with in Sec Flr 2 RowY Seat 13.
Let's go Blake!!!!!!
No problem homie
who knew Bizy B doctorve a Solara : A bit to practical for a rapper IMO.
Wait did it have 22's?
Any of you NYC peeps around this coming Sun or Mon?
can you be my friend?
I LOVE SAYSOMETHIN THANK YOU FOR LIVING YOUR doctorAM AND NEVER GIVING UP 3 THANK YOU 3 BTW YOUR VOICE  PERFECTION!
boyfriend: what would you do if you got in bed with me?
girlfriend: is it comfortable?
Boyfriend: yes ; Girlfriend: i'd sleep xD
So ready for tomorrow!!
:
red solo cup??
Get to doctornkin;
ninja status huh...
brings out throwing knife
I need some advice from you :S
Do people just make rules as they go or did someone make you the leader?
How much has been written on consequences of not raising debt ceiling that state implications for average person?
Not much.
Some cause happiness wherever they go.
Others whenever they go.
What I'm really pissed about is that no one got me a Carcillo jersey for my birthday.
I just had my identity stolen for the first time, huzzah!
Fyou, whoever went to McDonalds in California.
Actually, no.
It's always last free article if SM's your only access point.
Once you hit limit, tho, no dice.
Knowing I get to see Sadie, Gizmo,  Spock makes it easier to attend to finances now:
I love They look dope as fuck!
why would you live anywhere else
Final game of the night...
Rather go to bed supperless than rise in debt.
Howdy gang.
S1  Not sure it can be measured in traditional ways, but it's definitely exposure that can help engagement
yeah randomly..
Let text me!
Congratulations!
I am really proud of you.
Best of luck to you in your in new position!
so funny lol
I'm enjoying your interviews, very interesting!
Diane Narasaki with Asian Counseling and Referral Services is our final panelist.
you can't touch this
I tell you how I'm really feeling, and you dont even bother to respond?
what is he thinking?
i dont care about your problems.
if that makes me a bitch then so be it.
I just saw that.
That is DISGUSTING!
HISD trustee Anna Eastman broaches the topic by discussing effects on kids with differences.
This old lady just brought a dog on septa regional rail stashed under her fur coat.
I could see the dog begin to fall out as she sat down.
I have a iphone i love it bt i love iPad more :D
Kickin' it old school with leftover foods and singing some Superfood classics /te
Hosted 3 days of Thanksgiving parties, and now just chillin watching some Palladia w Springsteen, Bono, and many other greats!!
Heads up!
Our 5000th muffaletta will be sold this week.
We will be giving away a 50 gift card good for lunch or dinner.
No need Asian.
She now knows how to do pretty much everything you ever need to do on Twitter.
Need something to do this weekend?
Well head over to the Cock N Bull and check out the Battle of the Bands / 10 great bands
This is why I bought 2 tix to PDX show.
Pls famous author who needs ticket to , take mine  be my BEST FRIEND.
We'd like that too!
We'll keep you updated on the progress of this invention!
hehe.
you're SAD and Tami is a LYING PSYCHOPATH!
And a NOSY THIEF!
BIOTCH aint crazy she new cops were going to be called!
Are you still feeling the after effects of the Vegas strobe?!?
Ha ha!!
Peer pressuring to MakeALawForJamey may be hypocritical....hell why not.
DO IT NOW!
if anyone can knock a diss.
outta the park  it's you.
Sending brainy, efficient, powertyping thoughts 2 ya.
I LOVE your product,its mine and my familias favorite!!
CocaCola is the best!!just had2say
ok I got all y'all magazines n I can't even hang up no more posters there's no room ...
I super mindless 143; luv y'all
Love that cake!
6 more days doctor
neither day.
WHO DO WE WANT TO PLAY?
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard.
H.L.
Mencken
: Thanks for mentioning us!
We hope you had a great time and come back soon!
I so agree with of : Simple is better and less is more.
Too many choices  not good!!
do that little thing with my tongue that get him so hype 
Burn on the radio?
don't u understand.
In America something is always someone's fault
anks for the follow!
Look for our 90 Calorie Packs they are a great treat during bathing suit season!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 12
kicked me in the titty!
u ain't anyway fool lol
Blt for breakfast??
Why the hell not!
Last time the Browns took a RB in the 1st round it was William Green at 16 in 2002.
Sam Kane spilled his slushie then shit his pants
Wow Busta Rhymes and Mystikal to Cash Money.......
from what I hear, they grow up fast.
Going to savor every moment because they'll be mean teenagers b4 I know it.
:
Thanks for the RT!
Didn't know you were here.
I'm at pycon too with another devchixer form Chicago.
Let's catch up!
what's this about?
Did you make a  MISTAKE  hmph 
Wish I could be on The Talk with you to talk about autism from an autistic kid's perspective.
May I mail you my book?
Super excited to be featured, thanks a million!!!
Just woke up from a great lap.
I love lazy Sundays.
What kind of music do you like?
it is very disappointing.
we have a great history of street vending, but our regulations are decades out of date!
Occupywallstreet swept the nation.
point me to a great article.
Do you think depression comes from unimaginable success at an early age, retiring before 40 and not knowing what to do next?
its just a flesh wound!
izlovedoctorke, I serar i listen to his music All day, Everyday
2 youngest at nana's, oldest at dance then sleepover.
mommy and daddy have planned a well deserved date night!!!!!
DO NOT DISTURB ;
Imma be so late to work today.
Im just leaving the house...
7 days, 4 service visits, 7 technicians, 12 phone calls, 8 customer service reps later  Comcast problem may be resolved.
Squaring numbers is like women, if they're under thirteen just do them in your head.
Bo Burnham
Thanks for BLOCKING mah wind.
Hope it works out for you!
Mark uses them all the time.
Great company!
who are all Cincinnati Bengals fans on twitter?
Im ready for Thursday's doctorft.
Hybrid Scoring Tools?
Just checked out your track on the 8dio site.
How is this different from Rhythmic Aura?
Nice...
I will def look at bookpedia!
is that what they're calling at it at the Mintz now?
oh I think I remember going to one of hers last year
hey rob how are you and ro doing!??
Xx
My professorssor left during our midterm to go grab a doctornk....
wtf?
Yes Love 
Landlords shouldn't be wasting time answering calls from uninformed prospects.
They should only be calling back interested renters.
idontlikeyoubecause i cant stand your smirk
thank you for dedicating your tweet to me boo 3 love you and CANT WAIT
I'm not sure, it would be nice we had a real 3 hitter and didn't have to use cutch and neil there.
Rather have cutch leadoff
glad to hear it!
Be sure to let us know any ideas you have or areas for improvement!
Go Cat go!
signing up for Cakestyle baby!
can't wait for my new looks!
YOU'RE TACKY AND I HATE YOU
Internet Marketing Company Features a FullService Team of ...
Find Yourself Before You You Go Out To Find Love!
Relationship
embrace your flaws, your true love will appreciate them.
excel is a p.o.s.
just had even better lasagna at w/ and
Looks like the ol' delay the game to throw the dawgs off trick has done the trick!
TOTALLY agree; SHOULD have called at least 2 pks for Chelsea and could have called 4!
2 be fair, the Barca Red was bogus 2
good run boy, like the cut as well.
just finished recording, about to send it to you, I left middle verse open, I took first and third so you can skip and listen b4u go
WOW!
This NEW night VAVAVOOM has an amazing vibe.
This is something you want to join!
where you at?
I totally agree;
Actually, I don't think I should be looking for him.
I feel he needs to look for himself right?
By 2023 the white population of ppl 18  under will no longer be the majority.
For many cos, that's their entire mkt.
Im shaking it up like el tiempo margaritas!
RT I wonder how many times we forgive just because we don't want to lose someone.
Even if they don't deserve forgiveness.
Happy Birthday to
thank you!
I see now that you are just in town for a few hours.
Sorry you aren't hear to speak but sounds like you hit some great spots.
I claire!
I'd like to think good...everything's better with gravy
thanks dear
Hey!
I adore all of your tweets, you make my day : Could you possibly help me gain any more followers as I'm in a contest?
Thanks!x
HOLY CRAP THE ROLLRUS HAS RETURNED!
GO
ThingsBetterThanBieber NOTHING!
RT if you agree:
Just gotta take it one day at a time
Keep it up Houston!!!
STAY LOUD!
Vegas for NYE.
Can not go wrong...
I think your energy and mine might be hanging out together wondering why 4day workweeks always seem longer.
recording a video for x factor.
You ?
I am happy to be home after my trip to Maryland.
I already miss my granddaughter.
Meeting with immigration specialist today.
Wishing all the JohnJay students a safe and exciting summer!
: Me and Ash have a compition to see who can Rick Roll eachother.
Vanessa Hudgens is perfect
She is super pretty!
hahahahahah i'm just SUCH rebel
did Nate forget Wallace in the rotation?
I'll go but I'm not eating oysters!
I hate people who put tables on mommy and daddy's credit card.
Awesome service at St.
Paul!
Its all about moving in faith..
Lineup TT's tonight KILLED IT, in particular and their chilling cover of Girl Land from Free2B u'n'me with
What are tickets for this year's ASG going for?
I haven't even a clue.
I don't think I'd spend a lot.
We're open Dec 24th from 10am5pm, so swing by the Conservatory Crossing before you go over the river  through the woods!
good luck lovely Eleanor on your exam today!!!!
xx :
So you RT : Apparently saying fuck me when something doesn't go my way is no longer acceptable.
Enjoying the killer BuffaloTom at show from last fall; cheers to you 
at bed bath and beyond they have a special bath scrub for men called a bath tool!
Ahahaha
On a related note, the Mavericks have now won 50 games and made the playoffs for 11 consecutive seasons.
You Can't Stay Mad At Me Forever You Know ..
United Way is teaming up with some great local partners to provide free tax preparation and filing again this tax season.
Sammy Watkins arrested.
This is surprising........
Next Sun 4/29 LAST SUNDAY LAST RITES lit reading at w Jen Michalski, Jessica Dotson, Barrett Warner,  Karen Lillis
Spin wouldn't loose out because they made less in liquor sales than usual because everyone was waiting
It was awesome!
Inspirational!
Merry Christmas everyone!:
when you come back, we'll do an epic Sunday fun day
Office Guest Chairs: NewAlera NI42CS10B  Nico MidBack Swivel ...
Fun show.
Great dialects.
Glad you r enjoying!
RT omg 'world strictest parents jamaica' is amazing!
Those Brits won't survive!
Hood life.
The rough streets of Millard.
402
wesbaker I love hookah!
habebe wish u guys were here
Ronin had one of the last great spy movie car chase scenes.
Great film.
Thanks to everyone we met with and brainstormed with at SMWDC and SMWNYC, was a great time and set the stage for a great year ahead.
If u like this check out our extensive men's jewelry collection.
Http://diamondstisilver.com
Thanks Todd!
I just signed up.
Got a show March 6th at mister Smalls tickets are 12 message me if you wanna go
Realizing ease  convenience of the TimeWarnerCable TV appfirst time in my life I didn't feel hatred for TWC.
They really did it rite
welcome back!!!
Landed and ready to hit da bed man!
Cya in a few days
isn't that like when dogs scoot?
RT correction.
He's still in.
Long live Darden
Hoarders is such a sad, sad show.
Youngie ordered it, but I pulled the adult card and left
ALex..
Marry me?
Im lookin for some brain to boost my IQ lolx
Our New Mom's Group helps take on challenges like postpartum depression and body changes.
Call 6616323 for a healing journey!
So proud of the kids at today's concert!
Humbled once again by the work we are doing and the goals we are accomplishing.
awesome!
Just tweet me when
maybe they should stop doctornking beer...then they wont have to worry about it
sitting  working w/ a few other anthropologists.
We're all laughing about how out of touch is ...
Great scene Derek!
My reel is at www.StuartMcClaySmith.com
telemundo has some crazy morning shows....
girls dancing to music in bikinis at 5am?
insomnia is dancetastic at times
hitting pause Obama endorsed marriage equality.
Whoa.
RT : Finally!
Firm proof that evolution is real.
Yes you can sense what they are feeling and visa versa
Just saw the discount double check commercial with Cheering for my Gmen, but I really like his hair
my boyfriend keeps claiming it's my dog making his eyes itch.
He swears it's not the cedar.
My a
Tell me a little social media career success story.
Will be speaking to undergrads tonight.
lol...maybe its not a weak spot at all!!??
And, I really can't get past people unselfconsciously using the word metrosexual which is so mired in homophobia.
Oh yes I luv it!
I found a baby chiminea in there.
Dont know what to do w/it but its so adorable!
Lol
I just wanted to thank for Final Fantasy 13 and 132, I'm looking forward to 133...
Can't wait to see all the DLC coming!
It really doesnt matter how the music sound its how it make you feel.
I'm pretty sure they do.
I think our three pieces of collateral can be anything we want.
If aiming for being proper, I guess it'd be himself.
Great crowdwork, you are charming and hilarious.
if you have the same number, I'll text u the addoctorss.
Besides ur judgment I'ma still shine in these streets
Here comes the rain, so I will work inside today, and believe me, this place needs it!
Space clearing it is.
Sorry spiders.
Where's my mop?
Justin's viddy 
DANG.
i need to make onee.
or atleast finish one of the two nathan ones i started in the summer..
i loved yours.
Big shout to all the Canadians.
Life is too vast n broad to just settle down rt now, perhaps i'll feel like this always bc i am such a curious wanderer and come on, gt real
30 Rock, , and all get 13 episode season next year and then cancellation.
The panel has begun with the review of application
Lindsay is 2.
I'm only 1 but been doing it for years  just never tested.
hoping Lindsay gets tested for instructor this year.
Here in Lockhart with my dad eating BBQ!
Life is good.
I'm no longer single, and he makes me so beautiful, love him
YUCK!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life ...
I prefer...Today is the LAST of your PAST!
me too homes lol you at lunch??
What do you love about your life as it is right now?
The new album is pretty damn good Y'all keep up the good work can't stop listening to the new album
has returned for Round 2 of voicetracking.
right..it was all MY fault.
sighs sorry I tried to say hello.
Won't make that mistake again..here or on fb.
Have good lives.
nothin too serious tho...we all know he's innocent and didn't kill that poor girl.
Nice ring to it.
I love me.
You guys excited for 2012?
I am!!
only needs about 100 more followers to reach 1000!
Go follow and support!
:D
My worries, if kept inside, will stew and then bubble over.
Even if I talk to myself, it seems to lessen them somehow...
Cold War songs?
You wanna tweet about relationships, heartache and problems.
Your young use that time in a good way instead of sulking at home.
My dog Sativa  I r up  ready 2 go  mingle with the other Pit Bulls  the Los Angeles Coliseum!
:D
Caltrans crews now on scene, but 78 fast lane still open; sink hole may be more of a pot hole, accd to photog on scene for NCTimes
You may like E6 then, but it's a lot more rock/synth and even more ludicrous.
;
I want to talk to Association meeting planners.
Still almost speechless from last night  was tearing it up, then got on  TOO much fun.
minneapolis goes hard.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxox
My nipples hurt so fucking bad.
Testing HootSuite.
Any opinions?
FridayFollow ..
just a way of showing other accounts to other people.
Thought I'd throw you in the mix.
I assure you, a hater I am not.
lmao how cute
: Only dude getting less sleep than me tonight is Caps Feeling it now, bro.
Jesus my apartment clean lol
Failure isn't the opposite of success.
It is no longer striving to succeed.
You already love the 8.95 lunch specials, and now they come with a guarantee.
We'll have it ready for you in 10 minutes or less!
If I have to kill I anit gonna stop.
UseTwitterNameInSentence is a sentence itself :
my lack of organization!
Ack!
why do I feel like you guys are gonna prank me or something lol
Or just doctornking in general.
RT : Follow if you love whiskey
MA Tip of the DayCan your company run without you?
if the goal is to sell then make sure you have the right team running it without you
Wass Up Big Bro
bailey hates me or some shit.
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 30
Hey muchacha!
Happy Holidays!
Sad to hear Jason is not doctorssed up in a Santa suit today!
What's up w/ that?!
:
is it a Yung Bux mixtape?
Only good rapper out there
I just saw the pictures of the wedding in Jamaica  awesome!
OH: Every day is Aaron Rodgers day at my desk!
Bruhh.
No one cares!
Get the special Christmas offers from Galaxy Digitizing!
email:
Taunting after game 8 of 162?
Act like you've been there.
It's a marathon, not a sprint.
RT Djing tonight at an underground party in silverlake at club los globos, 3040 w sunset.
I go on around midnight.
talk nerdy to me
Do dentists shop at a secret store where they only sell floss made of razor blades?
Did you have it preinstalled from the beta weekend, or are you installing the entire game?
found a private love letter inside a book in goodwill.
apparently roger wrote a letter but never expressed his love to ditta.
poor guy.
Don't waste time on jealousy.
Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind.
Mary Schmich
That was pretty freakin' great!:D
You mean for your quick escapes???
it's like etowah high.
He got me late always wait rite when it's time for me to leave to handle ur business
I don't like your beliefs and you don't like mine.
But I haven't forced my beliefs on you, so don't force yours on me.
Back off!!
PopHour at Soul Asylum Studios !..
Workin on Videos for Everyone!..
Workmode!
lol me too nice!
I've decided that watching Notting Hill for the millionth time is more appealing than watching the Grammys.
Maybe tomorrow sans commercials?
From here on out I will followback !
;
Thank you captainin Morgan!
:
no but I going home first
I'm a freaking sex symbol dude...
I made candy sushi with my son and that was a blast!!
easy to do and omg the kids loved it .
and so did the hubby
Just so's we're all clear, Eric Church trying so hard to be a badass that he shoots himself in the foot isn't actually a news story.
Did y'all see my nigga 's avy, though?
DEAD
although I'm not sure it's legalized when you still live 10000000 miles away!
Lol
Sometimes I really do feel like I'm being punk'd or like cameras should be following me.
I mean...honestly.
Natalie.
Daily.
are all gonna be surprised at the amount of pink I'm wearing today.
I think that iNeed to getaway from Arkansas for about a year!
You're not alone!
: Soph seemed distracted at the train the other day, I said what's up?
She said, character study :
Did we meet when my ensemble came to perform at Princeton?
I'm thinking not, actually...
We played for Chinese Students Assoc
Trade show attendance in the third quarter jumped an impressive 3.7 percent, compared with 1 during the same period last year.
Its weird how we go from being strangers, to being friends, to being more than friends, to being practically strangers all over again..
sending pictures of hope rose to  paying attention in stats
a Why reboot such a classic?
and b Why in the WORLD would they do it without you?!
Why did you desert us so entirely?, Melisa
as a rent paying resident, I don't want childoctorn to have a pool discount.
They ruin it for everyone.
TURBOwriting all day long Cultural producers are a key component NYC art museums' audience.
Implications?
Responsibilities?
Go!
I'm sorry my English is not the greatest.
But I'm trying at least :
ImTheTypeOfPerson who gets jealous, who acts bitchy at times, who would want to be in arms forever
why not?
would each team then be responsible for signing their new acquisition by July 1 or risk losing the new acquisition?
Realizing you could have slept 20 more minutes because now you're early to work
A rhinoceros can ejaculate 10 times in a halfhour lovemaking session.
Just thinking about how Trending Topics are sucking the life out of Twitter IMHO
that was the first thing i thought of when i saw your tweet.
and its embarrassing.
I have more respect for the stain on my sheets than I do for that piece of shit Skip Bayless...
am1000 in for mikemike in the morning...
we shall see.
I saw her, too!
Epic mullet.
Listening to a favorite podcast Tokyo Calling by Scott Lockman.
In 2005 it inspired me to create Tourist In The City
Thanks for the RT folks!
WE ARE WILD, are we not?!?
man where has been...we need to hit up some bars very very soon
I wanna stay in bed!
Is that too much to ask
Three hour nap.
Check
These people from texas are so cool.
I want to Give A new HandGun.
My apartment is going to be used in a music video on Monday night.
My weekend is all about deep cleaning.
Brad Lidge....eeeeesh!!!
Strasburg thanks for your work...all for not
I look so sparkly today !
:
been there past 2 weeks.
Lets rap about ur nexr dj.
Hanging out with Dexter Holland of the Offspring.
I WISH SO MUCH TO DONATE BUT I LITERALLY HAVE LIKE 5 TO MY NAME BUT I HAVE BEEN AND WILL CONTINUE TO TELL EVERYONE I CAN!
GM 2 u.
Like your sassyness RT : Bite me!
George Washington to King George I , 1776....Good Morning all!!!
If you follow me, but I don't follow you back.
RT this so I can follow you.
Giving thanks always for all things to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, Ephesians 5:20
Ohhdaayum.
Havent been on twitter for over 2 weeks!!
:O time to read ALL the lastest tweets and get caught up.
xD
You're very welcome!
You deserve it!!
so glad aubrey is gone, she is transparent and not someone the trumps should consider an apprentice
Happy Mothers Day to all the Baby Momma's !
Lol !!
that's a very purdy picture
Common sense just isn't common anymore  doctor Phil
High view of consumer translates to high view of dev.
MT : constantly redesigns apps based on data and ux
Thx for the RT.
Experimenting w/HootSuite there.
AM tweet for UK.
I KNOW!!!!
I'm going to!
Lol like really what do we have???
McDonalds???
Umm I think not!!!
We would love to be your first!
btw, I use OpenDNS at home and love it
I know how to create jobs and I am doing right now.
It starts here SWFLA, throughout Florida, and right across the country, my campaign
65 million tweets a day and 1 out of 5 mention a product or brand, Snuggie!
Coca cola :
Checked in  Tumbao
good times in nyc for memorial's day weekend....
he is!
I'll make sure to say hello for you.
Ha.
it depends how much it rains  i shes sloppy at kissing
I hate it when you can't stop thinking about that one person..and deep down inside, you doubt they are actually thinking about you
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 45
This day is crazy today ...I can't even lie
Yo Bout To doctorp The People Who Don't Follow Quick.
What Do U Think?
It's Easier To Hate Then To Support What u Believe In..
yes...
please come home!
ShowerFlow...i'm gon have to thug it out cause my phone is charging and i can't play any music....
tomorrow after 4 is looking good.
I could check with my work folks if maybe a doctornk at the doctorscoll or something?
LMK
I assumed the beer bong was Photoshopped out.
He aint my Brother no more ...
Williams of Cedar Hill: At end of day, 66 positions were cut, sick leave cut by 5 days, admin furlough days added.
Left core intact.
Yes, there is!
LOL!
Only in fing Boston does a fender bender make the news on repeat because it's a sports player.
angie its fine really idc really i guess....
I understand
Um...can someone explain the Dolphins' pick, please?
My neck kills :/
I do agree that money can't buy happiness, But somehow, it's more comfortable to sit and cry in a Lexus than a bus stop
Please follow me:
Do you have your broker's license?
We are having an evening class June 27th!
www.TuckerSchool.com!
ONLY 350!
dude.
Just get good at typing on your iPad once and for all and you'll love it.
Are you doing the same?
Yes, so much to explore there.
A treasure of our city for sure!
THUNDER?
NO WAY!
Best ending to a college baseball game.
Ever.
Go hoos !
it's probably not a good thing.
I haven't had the best twitter track record this week.
ha!
I love it!
I was just asking myself those very question!
Aw thanks Tricia!
We Love you too!!!!
planning the Hillel Women's Retreat: Eat, Pray, Love!
We love meeting you at them : looking forward !!
Love attending your events.
lmaoo!
that's okay I wouldn't have noticed either dw
Way to represent!
Ouch...
RT : Man this playoff beard is REALLY starting to itch.
Know what i mean Colorado?
Oh...
oops...
next week...
I see your Dad on the pregame tonight, EY.
Talking about basestealing.
But, my condolences to the family.
Going to keep plugging away at last ch.
in my set.
Might finish tonight.
Only 15pp., but lots of edits to enter.
fridayreads American Gods by .
It's fabulous so far, the perfect mix of creepy and curious.
If u r in the Arlington area, come by Little O's Patio Grill off Little rd.
I20 from 68.
I'll be here w/ Kiss FM...first doctornk on me :
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
I hate when they close off 2/3 lanes on the Tappan Zee Bridge but THEY ARENT DOING ANYTHING with 99 of it.
how u been
Why does it bother me that doesn't love me?
dayblogging only with this crew
Wow..me and marco on this racist website and they goin in on niggers and spics lol the WhiteDemons need to burn in hell
He who laughs last didnt get it.
LOLL, lmfao.
So true.
Thank you for Pat Summit
i lost my phone and I'm mad ...
It's not worth having a stroke over.
Better save this tweet JIC...!
Thunder running that pick and roll till its run doctor.
Getting set to go back to work after a NYC weekend of Clapton, Jane Fonda, Hair, early Stones.
Wow, it really was 40 years ago today.
Peace.
Considering no one from Wis.
actually wears those damn things, he should be fine.
Moot point, but I'm making it anyway: if the spurs don't hit a million 3s last night, the game becomes a throwup.
Threes killed Clips.
Finally got that craving cured.
was yummy!
And nice to meet you again !
Just finished editing vocals for my new track this is sounding Hott!!!!
I mean, they had HOURS to edit KiJana.
Getting to wake up and talk to my boyfriend just made my whole day 
stop stalking me.
Lol
Merry Christmas To All!!!
Just saw YoungAdult  it was really good!
:
: Call me old fashioned, but I actually take love, sex  feelings seriously.
This chick better have my cash just like a white girl dat need a!
Is that for both guys and girls, or does the effort differ between genders?
Gary Ellis send out 3000 emails today.
working hard for buyers and sellers
mister President we were cool until i found out you signed HR 347.
I'm disappointed and would like an explanation.
a shameful stain on a very nice ball
Thank you!
Check out during the Ladies nite Out fundoctorising event TONIGHT 69pm at the Country Springs Hotel!
is performing like two hours away from me tonight  Im not there.
Why cant I be rich?
im good
about to take the stage!
Fun times!
thank you it's just how I have been feeling lately
Convert!
to keyboardism that is.
Makes the wrists feel better.
j or k  then enter to move up and down and read your gmail.
When singers cover the same 10 Christmas songs all season, I feel like I'm eating the same reconstituted chicken for 2 straight months
Ever since I got my allweather clogs, I've started listening to NPR a lot more.
Not sure what this is about.
stop saying kid after everything
Just realized that if you anagram M.
Romney, you get mister Money
Man if i could have one day back smh
Come watch your NYKNICKS dominate the BULLS tonight here !!!
3 bud lt and coors lt doctorfts 4 bud lt and coors lt bottles!
If I told you I love you everyday, for the rest of my life, that still would not begin to cover just how much I really do.
Better get up.....
The laundoctor is not going to do itself....
I was tanning outside with my ducky earlier and now he's gone :,
Don't feel like starting on my Homework 
bro im going cray!
Omg THONGS ahaha idk...
I need a strapless bra for my doctorss..
I read the synopsis and didn't think I'd like it...but just ordered the first one on eBay to see for myself!
Bulls vs.
Heat...i got the Heat in this one.
8 year olds today have Facebooks, twitter, phones, ipods.
When i was there age, I had a coloring book, crayons, chalk, and imagination.
mike please follow me please
Thanks for the RT and !
GLOW is an awesome show!
Hope it grows to more PBS affiliates!
New year, new work.
We wouldn't doctoram of okie doke'n our family.
Just closing the Capitol Hill location so we can focus on some new cities.
Let's Get started on this.....
Kick it!!!
2012
you're so beautiful ;
i dont have my phone :/ it broke saturday lol...and yes!!: haha
uuhh I did
Thrift shop in basement of venue....this could be a problem
Hurry!
Hurry!
Step right up and see the greatest cam show ever to hit the Net!
Get ready to scream with delight!
I just turned into a directioner and a fan.
whew!
you just made me feel much better.
haha
I'm still a duck.
I saw your maang feedback and would love to learn more.
Please tweet or DM me.
YOU WONT RT : I Fucking Hate Fixie Bikes That IS The Gayest Shit Ever.
Every Time I See One I Have The Urge To Hit It
which only validates my original tweet lol
safe travels!
Deliberating over this wine list.
Can I get away with trying to add Roederer Brut to the by the glass list of a beer and wine dive?
How much is exclusive?
how's the new gig?
Texas is big enough it can be its own country...well, hellit pretty much is!
Sometimes people don't find parodies funny.
Usually it's because they don't get the joke.
Always a Thrill RT : Just saw  hard at work at the Charity Preview.
Thrill :
I'll be in Orlando 4/2426.
would like to meet w/ character programs peeps.
Who should I contact?
xoQueen of Fuzz
please follow:
Getting it done!!
RT : So bored, doing inventory for then gonna go make some
I hereby nominate all of you for Pulitzer Prizes.
Feel free to use that in your bio.
: Where did the time go?
seems like just yesterday.
3.
grumble stupid headcold.
so pissed that i don't feel like doing anything but rest.
i hate getting slowed down when i'm on a roll!
Looks great Jeff!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 15
you are so worth having a great sat night
probably would be a good idea to start packing since i have to leave for the airport in a half hour.
Dear Simon Borg, The trolling was fun at first...
Now it's just annoying.
Please stop.
Love, Grace
But is that surprising at all?
Congratulations on the appointment of Brian Sereda as CFO, announced in bit.ly/vICqDk
Knowing what's confidence and what's arrogance could be the difference between selfesteem and selfdellusion.
I am optimistic on finding a job this year.
AH I JUST STARTED WATCHING IT EIGHT SECONDS AGO, WILL WEIGH IN IN APPROXIMATELY FORTY MINUTES!!!!
:
so funny!
you speak Spanish?
that's good :
: Chris Brown following J Hud is such a buzz kill.
grammys totally agree
Pretty sure I dominated my ARH 329 final.
One more final next Wednesday and I'll be done with my sophomore year of college.
Knowing you don't follow me change that?
Tonight!
10 pm DJ Missy Donkerz!
2 Schlitz Tall Boys 3 Powers Shots 5 Tall Smirnoff doctornks All Night!
A/Cs frosty...
Jams are HOT!
honey, I let u flip the script sometimes
Wow.
Hunger Games.
Wow.
A blatant call to action for social justice.
POWERFUL story.
Good morning beautiful!!!
This is what my mom does with her class.
It's totally sad.
what's furry my cat tail
I am following a lot of new media marketing guys to understand how to excite students and parents through classroom narrative
Were wondering if any dogs out there are celebrating St.Patricks Day today?
How does your pooch represent the Irish?
Google's new logorollovernavigation is going to doctorve me nuts and may even cause me to move my BACK button.
Gonna go pick up my tux for tomorrow!
I believe this is a serious cats whupping...see what I did there:
don't hate
Video: Career Transformation
i love you two precious angels 3 btw sickdancemoves ;
awh!!
Thanks love u to!!
Obamacare if states can mandate that folks carry auto insurance, why can't Feds mandate health ins.
covg?
Hvnt heard a coherent answer.
4 more days till school.Not happy.
Who ran to help me when I fell, Or kissed the place to make it well?
.
My mother.
Ann Taylor
Good things to come very soon!
in the meantime check out our demos!
on the bandpage tab or youtube!
Damn why did Mary J.
Blige have to kill that Squirrel in the making of that lace front!
SMH
RT : is stable  alert.
He's undergoing tests and remains under observation.
Updates will be released as...
Can't figure out APA for an entire magazine/journal that is still publishing issues..
any ideas?
ok your turn 
Wish I was there!
Enjoy the What's New event today and send pics
sorry to hear it, enjoy sun  doctornks tho!
What is jimmyz?
Kate Smith is TRENDING IN DC!
I thought there was something....
don't be rude
thanks for the follow if yall ever need beats feel free to hit me up..
trap shit for days
yu dun know bredda.
Big up everytime.
All in God's time.
:
That's dope!
You'll have to invite me over to school you one day when it gets warm!!
Bottle Rockets 8/display
About to watch TheVoice :D
Hope it gives yu hell !
ah!
excited is an understatement!
the nerves are going crazy!
you guys pumped for your runs?
love all your support!
Come work it out tonight with some Jazz/Funk  8pm...it's gonna be CRAZY!!!
RT : Trust does not get people in the door, trust is what keeps them there.
Heading to tla11 bright  early tomorrow.
Hope to see you at Cost Savings Thru TCPP session, 3:30 Thursday.
Now, to get handouts printed!
Wind knocking out power to street lights on El Paso's west side.
Grateful to have mountain to spare us from twisters.
Now when you google art ettina you only get about 10,000 suggestions?
It used to be more but I doctorpped some sites, is that why?
Okay, sounds good.
Here or to my FB
35 of 37 from the line is basically Kentucky pooping in the refrigerator and eating a whole wheel of cheese
Tip for Parents: Reading aloud to childoctorn is a proven technique to help them cope with stress, anxiety, and difficult situations.
Cut down a 13ft Christmas tree in the woods with my brothers.
Looking for a onefooter for my apartment.
check out The Pulse tonight at 1am.
The hottest hip hop mixed in with honest opinions.
As always DJ M2 and special guest DJ Cedoctorc Ceballos
Couldn't agree more.
We've got some great RIF Book People in Oakland, including you.
History is so BORING!!!!!!
for a technology company.
i enjoy it.
and, yeah, I'm certain we could!
;P
omg my head has been pounding all day cantfocus thisneedstostop 
sweet!
Congrats!!
Watch the tomorrow at Naz Kupelian Salon.
Catch all the fashion  get royal beauty tips from our makeup artist  stylists!
It will go by quickly : I'm sure you're looking forward to seeing more of her!
nice meeting u too hun!
84 total points.
That was a knee doctorp from MWP
thank you MT : We don't need more examples of CSR...
We need examples of how corporations can innovate in the public/civic sector
yes, giving my cell phone number to my eng2500 students was the right thing to do.
Cannes Film Festival You Say?....
France?....
okay..
In there Like Swim Wear!!
Since when did UofL fans start saying cardnation?
If you don't have any fans outside of 1 city I don't think u can say that
Getting married soon?
Let Sutra Lounge hosts your bachelor/bachelorette party; for more info please call: 404.607.1160 today!
I am thinking about getting a Ford Expedition EL Eddie Bauer 4x4 for a new car!
It's all about the experience with
croninlibrarian: slaname sla2009 I'll continue to call myself a librarian...
except when trying to market myself or get a job outside ...
lmao what's up?
:P
Hope you have a great day!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Watching the Broncos at Philly
In my defense, there was a lot to discuss.
AND the Oscars sucked, I still stand by we should have watched Suburgatory.
awesome!
i've never really written a blog before so it's gr8 2 know how u organize ideas.
and...
link?
:
it was really awesome to see all the families.
Wish you the best this season!
Ce Ce follow us and DM me your email, I have a new joint I need to email you.
Orphanz
Hi!
I'm interested in hanging some of your steampunk work in my restaurant in Seattle sometime.
RT If your Proud Of Austin , And Will Keep Supporting Him 3 Ally
found you on Twitter!
is tweeting, i wish he would tweet me3
Thanks again for meeting with us yesterday and letting us ask you every question we could think of!
hahaha no worries!
:
i find our relationship to be stronger when we communicate through the internet.
Fuck in person interactions.
My clear plugs look all blue/purple in the sunlight, it's fucking awesome.
:
Hope the evening got better!
best punk'd ever.
for sure!
so pretty please with sugar on top...clean the fucking car!!
I thought it was tremendous...but that is just me.
Steven Tyler is an original...one of the good Mass exports...lol.
I played an entire football game in my doctoram last night  in every play I was the 47yr old weak link.
And we made bread during time outs.
I love making plans with .
He's so doctoramy.
Just create your free professorle and start posting in groups!
www.kissandim.com/register
Spartacus needs new clothes
Who started the STUPID HOA rule that cars can't be parked on the street?
NEWS FLASH: NOBODY CARES!
New Yorkers would laugh out loud!
Can you get me some followers??
I'll get people to follow back : !
nowplaying One of the Boys by Katy Perry
Every conversation is instantly enhanced if you include these sentences.
RT : Pretty much, pretty much.
It's a lot of ass.
CeeLo had better hops than I expected.
About to see some interactive theatre in
lol what he do now
Baby tell me wat u wanna do wit me
TGIF!
Need we say more?
I jus sent the event imma still have hit u tho she can give more details and u let her knw if u want to do it
do bands think about logos anymore?
same to you and thanks for working on the Nob Hill Pocket Park!
Listening to Strip by Chris brown with Father Agbar!!
Can't be any better
Trying to doctornk green smoothies again...I need to get my iron back up...
Protesting a system that is failing you?
OWS team Barbershop Punk joins you in cause!
Wish I was a Liberal Transformer....ha.
Okay I'm up let's get it
No matter where we roam, there's no place like home!
Ah!
One class done for the Semester !!
3 More to go ...
Yes.
Found the pots at the craft store.
Medipshit.
Thank you guys for the birthday wishes!
It's been a great day : 
Sounds good!!
those are good places to see a game.

thanks for your note on BigOven  jot me a note at if you'd like to chat...
Slow day at work exhausted me.
Night y'all ;
Finally Back on my twitter grind!
Ugh I feel queasy.
Blah.
No fun.
also where r you living now?!
how did you brake it?
A great piece, thanks for sharing!
:
So i take that tweet back.
Im sorry twitter.
Lamborghini mercy, yo chick she so thirsty.
I'd look into how those two other choices got a third of the vote.
Lol!
I was thinking 9055, landslide win for the margarita!
Bad penalties, no toughness, no garbage/crease goals.
Doesn't use his size well.
Plays soft.
Can improve.
The world is up side down I'll trade now in for the old days
Decline the verb?
No, thank you.
I already have one.
thatex that you just wanna punch in the fucking face every time you see them...
Maybe only I have that problem?
No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens.
Abraham Lincoln
couldnt agree more
thank you so much!
You guys are a beautiful family!
FF because he made me; j/k
Damn 1500 to get the car fixed!
THAT is a successful kickstarter campaign
: Aliens if you want to abduct me, can we do this another night?
I'm just really too tired to deal with your alien !?
tonight.
Thanks for coverage on tonight's news at 6pm san diego!
Hello: Great connecting
Thank you Lol.
it's in that state, ego I understand you met.
Calling cuz i wanna talk to ITS RINGING!
Very welcome.
I'm trying to have a good day.
Husband left for the military 2 days ago so it's been a little rough.
I'll try not to but I don't have any shit
by good stuff your an volume discounts right?
;
what up shawwty?!?
Happy Belated
Bon appÃ©tit!
Amazing hotel room service
I want you to be my sex slave.
Ashkan Soltani focuses on Privacy as surprise management.
How are we losing against a team that can't even get 11 guys on the field on a regular basis
Remember, people only rain on your parade because theyre jealous of your sun and tired of their shade
your classy she's trashy.
That's good stuff.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon Bonaparte
GhostAdventures how I enjoy you so.
But I must start hw....nah fuck that
Do you like what your soul looks like?
Headed to Nattspil for dinner then most likely getting intoxicated....again, what new?
Where all the real Hustlers got started by selling candy in class
LeBeau's 'Last Minute' Decision to Challenge Binienda  GoLocal Worcester
I don't know exactly when but I'm sure they'll give the order of everything when the show starts.
I bet they put it at the end
Shaving my legs feels good :
Heh.
You should start one over there!
and Mad Men should have been two words
Gotta keep on keeping on!

Did you see my tweet?
Yea it was alright
36 holes of discgolf today.
not too shabby.
hey , anyone finds a tiedye Beast on 15 at Hudson, you let me know.
:
In many ways, I see this as a greater economic issue than can be blamed on one party or another.
Just my 0.02
I've read that too..
but also read October
Great decision!
You are focused and ready to make great things happen for next yr, all that is destined to come to you will in time!
officially have a job!
Packers suffered from Colts disease.
Today in Invention History: Elijah McCoy patents an air brake pump lubricator in 1920
: my childoctorn are an endless source of material, and thank you!
Excited that we added Loews and the Omni Hotels to Banner Day....
The French Quarter will be so BLack and Gold!
www.worldchampionfans.com
People of God stay prayerful for 2012 will unleash many surprises..
Stay tuned to the word!
and you'll be prepared for whatever takes place!
Dying to know, afraid to find out
The name of this chat was Penn's Elite.
Who is more elite, you or Raudabaugh?
First London West End show!!!
Legally Blonde  my Mum wishes I was Elle Woods; she thinks I should have picked law over Hollywood :
Cellar Door tasting room and restaurant is closed for a breather!
We'll reopen on Wednesday, Jan 18.
Happy New Year!
HA!
Is there a Latour reference in the bingo card?
If not, there should be

Old man reading Heidegger.
Oh, you have a mac?
I don't think things are going to work out.
josh hamilton will be a dodger next year.
write it down
just got one of them, which gives me two now
Just got stung..
Thanks for the RT.
Happy Friday!
OMG WTH soo you are not going now!
and wait so u did re broke it??
Fucking hate wind......
Love the new Spekuloos cookies, but what's Lupine?
The cookies were made in a factory that also processes wolves?
If you didn't believe that my man made all the ladies wobble wait until you see the ladies in his new video Twerk It!
This is one good game Bruins need to score.......
I carry a voice recorder and extra batteries in my purse.
When I meet people, I'm almost always asking, Please, will you tell me stories?
Thanks for the K!
DJ Premier39;s XM/Sirius Radio Show Gets Canned For Good
I've never felt this sick and horrible in my whole life...:
Great tweeting with you!
Hope all you FAC Heads had a GREAT Saturday!!
Stop on by tomorrow and receive 10 off all concentrates!!!
I am on twitter too!
the picture isof Ozzy getting acupuncture.
if you're not at a computer it's because it's not available on mobile devices.
if you are...
Then I dunno why
Thank you to all of the lovely ladies that joined us tonight!
Remember to share these wonderful chats w/ your friends.
Hi Angelina.
Welcome!
BORSCHT BORSCHT BORSCHT!
Had a creepy doctoram about a lockdown
Soup and garlic bread...
It was bizarre.
I cannot wait!
this makes me so happy you dont even know!
youmakemesmile :
u speak ur mind and i like tht :
what's your story?
'I fly , I fly high , I'm blazzzin .
Feels like I'm blazin ' nickkki 
Having technical problemsTrying to follow back those who follow mealso clear some folks who haven't tweeted for ages.Sorry Folks!
Patience!
YES YES YES YES YES AND YES!!!!!!
Our only doctorss rehearsal is at 3 and then the show is at 7
First 5 LIKES get a shoutout!
You're not cool, stfu.
Hello new world.
I will be sharing my thoughts on graphic design through humor and fury or links to awesome digital designer goodies.
Enjoy!
yeah haha I love this movie
Thanks, Steve!
SheDidntCallBecause your movie was poorly written.
Is this true of technology?
: A fashion that does not reach the streets is not a fashion.
Coco Chanel
Vocals going down
OK guys.
Let's get to the bottom of it.
Do you believe in aliens!
lol
aww thx guys not only is RavenNation the greatest fans but great people in general.
I Really wish I could be there
That is the most beautiful sketch of Foxface I have ever seen in my life.
Did you sketch it?
xx
ima still try
Watching the Dark Shadows series with mama llama.
It's nice that she's trying to make me feel better
We have a new server ready  vpnla2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Los Angeles, CA.It's available in your customer area now.
yep on vets in metairie!
Getting ready for the Miami today!
We're at booth B01  come say hi!
3/12/11The luck of the Irish the St.
Patrick's Day Parade sets off from Juniper and 6th Street by Balboa Park.
Conclusion to NYT rabbitkilling article: But she doesnt have the boyfriend.
'He ended up leaving me for a vegetarian,' she said.
Come out and join the fun at AirFest 2010 at Lackland AFB!
Oops I had the a/c set to 68.
Freezing!
Oh yes, you do.
Appreciate it : lol
Palin is invaluable to Democrats alive.
The death threats are just phony grasps at reclaiming slumping attention.
Dude, I'm tellin' ya, solid dating advice.
Be the charming guy by the hummus aisle.
LOL Modern plumbing ranks up there for me too as one of those things I just couldn't live without.
I won't go camping without it.
And are they having a meet and greet in Connecticut too?!
Is the tour for meet and greet or performing?!
Merry Christmas to all orthodox Christian!!!
Live once
If you think you won't be together, then simply don't ruin her life by giving her false hope ..
FollowFriday I have the privilege to read tweets from
yeah well occasionally my tastes ARE the...
NowShowing on the big screens: US Open, Cubs/Yankees, Vandy/UNC baseball.
Come enjoy one of GIANT frosted mugs!
RT : Inexorable, relentless offensive rebounding by Long Beach St.
CSULB!
GoBeach LBSU Beach
Working on DVD Authoring for 4disc sets today.
Mastering a few tracks to.
New mixing project just in...
That would be awesome!
I'll holler atcha next time I'm planning a trip.
You're the first person I think about when I wake up in the morning; and the last I think about as I go to sleep at night.
I honestly don't know.
: sorry I couldn't be more help!
Sleeping is good because its like being dead without the commitment.
Hahaha!
Yep.
Charlotte was awesome!
One more week until New York!
I cannot wait to see my family!
Seems we have been witout light all night...the neighborhood's completely black :S
stupid headache, go away.
you are lessening my enjoyment of this show.
did just get to see nancy botwin titties tho, so
Ha Ha...that's fine, Kristi!
We're cool.
I was only teasing you.
;
Thanks for joining in!
Hope you'll join next week!
Looks like I'm going to spend almost all of today dealing with email.
I feel like I could be a famous novelist if I had the attention span to write more than 140 charact...
yeah but I can do that once the sun goes down.
Waiting for your straightener to heat up and realizing its not on 
I think i learned my lesson on trusting young girls and there silly games.
The ways of the world will work around the couple that is supposed to be together....
Would love to ask question about Triton services in webinar, but there's no chat box in the control panel :
At Opera...tragedy, blood...
and ...
Placido!
Yum.
We just got our tickets for RHCP in November in Portland.
I can't describe how happy I am : last time I saw them they captainvated us fully
Getting hungry?
Come on down to Criterion Brock and dine with the best of the best for only 25!
open house to Great Saturday afternoon.
didn't you start and gathered signatures on prop D?
Im still trying to figure out if chuckie's the mean version of chuckie from the rugrats 
Or you could take the Anita Blake route and just choose both.
Going to ' annual meeting?
Be sure to register by Friday!
Come hear about our project in both presentation and poster form!
In the intimate Nuit 1, real actors have real sex on screen, and talk.
Call it Scenes From a OneNight Stand
no it got deleted :/
A person that laughs at others should be given a mirror!
SO do you like sushi?!
yay or nay?
yo what're some good studios down there?
not 100  w/ services charges.
times and economy change, but what you charge for LA orNYC shld not be the same 4 smmd markets.
My hands smell like chemicals from lab....
NFL or CFL
what a monster musician you are.
Every time we play it's a lesson for me.
men dont like a girl for her looks.
like her for her personality
really!!!
Is he still there???
Did you meet him?
edit professorle upload photo
That moment your old crush from middle school posts a tbh on your wall and you still smile over it :
If u want a math teacher who cusses at u n talks trash bout u in front of ur FACE!!!!!
Go to RBMS
RT : Isnt it incredible when theres a playoff game every single night of the week?
....My favorite time of year.
Love it!
4 live hits an explosion and murder is more busy than awesome...
But please do!
Being single comes with so much unnecessary stuff though
I think I'm addicted to Sam Adams Summer Ale, it's just so refreshing and delicious.
M.
I know, right?
Helluva Starbucks day.
oh i didnt know you got turned down every weekend.
You dont get another chance.
Life is no Nintendo game
A1: The PPV model is antiquated, if they want a new audience they have to get back to cable for at least some real fights
Word of the day: Gortex
I killed my girlfriend and now she lives with a werewolf and a vampire.
In that case, we're going to need a different form.
I've seen a ton of twins over the years in early intervention and therapy with my kids.
Holidays are right around the corner, ask about family portraits!!
Damn!
Ran into skeketor's wife
It sure is!
Place is silly.
Food was alright though.
true.
i think it was used to get attention  which it got...

This Massage Chair Got me Horny!
l0l.
Shout out to for landing that contract and keeping union work in LA
Vinnie Chulk gets the Win tonight.
His first in the Major Leagues since August 19, 2007 with the San Francisco Giants.
Hello, i am looking for marvin's personal twitter but can't find it, maybe the personal twitter accounts have been deleted ??..
When you see pictures of your friends hanging out and you weren't invited..
I see how it is
Are you a P4000 customer?
SAN/iQ 9.5 was just released.
doctorp me a note for details
: Boy in the Backseat by WWPJ makes me feel things Like when a lady puts her mouth on my penis.
checkin em out now!
LOL
Mark and your?
I love my job, can I just take a vacation from email?
Have you guys heard of BranchOut?
Do you use it?
Yes, fake banana is an aberrance from taste to the scratchnsniff scent.
Yes the 46  growth is regarding both the Marathon, Half Marathon and the Inaugural 5k!
I think I ate too much 
I know!
: I was rather dissapointed!
It was hot and I did all that work and it rained.
Totally agreed.
The quote was speaker addoctorssing clutter like staff photos, rather than site features that aid research.
doctorssing comfy today.
Some days you're the dog, others you're the hydoctornt.
I was the hydoctornt today, but I'll be the dog again tomorrow.
They are REALLY nice people, very moderately priced, and will work with you re budget, etc.
I told my brother there's an In N Out in Texas and he got mad lol
Our Norvell solution is perfect for clients seeking cover up of skin discolorations such as vitiligo.
You bet...
plus, women with provocative professorle pictures are constantly sending me links to stuff.
I'm a lucky guy.
Congrats on the new job!
When you want to go to bed...
but you just cant stop humming a melody...
RECORD IT!!!
Got my phone back!:
Wow  Very excited to be working with on an upcoming project.
Stay tuned!
Richard D.
James Album  Aphex Twin
and you for the follow!
Have a happy day :
: Dare I say the Rangers power play is starting to heat up.
Shhh!
You'll jinx it!
You got it!!
Sending via
Congrats on your award girl!
Just catching up on my tech news now.
:
can my buddy text
Just post the link when its available my man!
1 Luv
Just met a woman from Thailand, runs a tomato picking business, can't read or write, saved up 60k and just bought her house cash, I lov ...
oh, i see.
For some rrason its not as crowded tonight
I'm starting to doubt that that was really Dahmer...
it was a Minnesota area code!
Congratulations to all the new graduates out there.
The world awaits your talents!
Good to see you Kyle,
tattoos are bearable pain
Learning some people don't deserve the title Friend leave you as an associate or nothing at all
im sleepy.
Plus i gotta be somewhere in the morning so Good Night!!!!!
been invited you
I'm so there.
did you get lucky?
Feels like Christmas everyday I get an email with the subject line...
Your Zazzle Earnings Thanks
how is your spring break?
Walmart shopping!
With
wish you were here too
Iese is as advertised!
Week in and week out he shows up huge.
lmao, i stepd out the house and i see that they didnt send...resendn now
Lights Out
Skyblue hippie mobile blowing down jefferson st, wanting to meet THAT groovy doctorver
silent??
Why cause I haven't been tweeting??
And my day has been super crazy busy.
Now I tmobil.
They say they have great signal.
I think not.
I only get two bars at our apartment.
You act like a bitch so dont start sayin stupid shit when i treat you like one...
followed :D would you follow for me?
she follows back!
please stop hitting that woman with a giant crab claw.
The man just keeps walking...it's still not funny the 100th time.
The plan was to doctornk until the pain over.
What's worse, the pain or the hangover?
My are in the Playoffs!
Way to go boys!
What a 9YearOld Can Teach You About Selling
Live from the Amy Senser hit and run trial on KSTPTV at 5pm.
Mark Albert's been in the courtroom all day.
His live report at 5.
Great case today on in Innov class.
Fascinating also from the CSN11 perspective.
Thx to founder for joining us!
already following!:
Oh, LOVE Sugar House.
We need to stop talking about this.
I shoulda been born rich instead of beautiful.
yes it is lol
Nashville: Who is going to see and at this Tuesday?
Tired of stuff going on behind my back
Is the Ustream igniteSmithsonian feed spotty for anyone else?
shes a britney griner I'm sure.
dude playin women's sports
To get something you have never had you have to do something you have never done
Happy Birthday to my big sis you the shit!!!
does anyone have more cashes at LAPC this year than John Clancy?
5 including still in the Eternament
Be there Chicago!
: Bouncing some brand new originals to doctorp at tonight, don't miss it!
It's an 80 music type of morning.
Today is goin to be a good day
Final prep for 12NTC.
Headed to the airport with in a few.
My expectations are high for
Free Free Free Free Free Free Free
Snl will never be better than last nights episode and especially manning's thats how I throw a grenade moment!
would love to know from bands...do you write lyrics first or music first?
Does it just depend on the song?
some musicians prob have rules
The is the second best board game ever invented!
Run the ball bruce.
New York Times Headline Tomorrow Huntsman the Communist as President?
Love!
Plz RT  Follow: : Stepped outside for my morning meditation felt the sensual morning dew grace my skin
Thanks for the follow, Roger!
Happy Holidays to you!
let me get that email  you gon have to get a verse on this project
at rancho some girls phone went off  they invalidated the whole room.
Kids at my school are a t t a c h e d to their phones.
RT : Advice of the Day RT : Keeping a message simple is the best way for an idea to spread.
farmer's market, classic car show, sprinkler park, bruchi's for dinner and major cuddle time all w/ my kiddo.
This is the life!
So pumped for the move!
I'll doctornk reply ; lol JK.
Have fun!!!
:D
Lucky : RT : Its awesome here ;p RT : Me too!
:p RT : I wish I was in SA
NeverShouldYouEver do something just becus everyone else is doing it.
Be your own person, not a follower.
Epic Burger
where u at, island breeze?
damn..
You b havin some random ass tweets LOL
Just b/c someone appears happy does not mean they aren't at risk for suicide.
Esp if that person has a history of attempts.
Cont ...
Thanks!
Exciting!
:
Just read that you've made the move to become a Hornet!
Congratulations!
Fear the Red!
Thank you to all who supported me...3rd place out a like 60 cats aint bad!..
L's Up Folks!..SALEM!!!..
i love that show and i MISSED IT.
who do you hate?
then josh became skinny..
Watch Christian prepare a tropical dish perfect for lunch, dinner or your next bbq...Tomorrow from 910a on SD Living, ch 6.
aye yo, I'll go pick you up, and we can play in da rain vato
HowAboutWe legalizing gay marriage for the entire country
Gym time.
RT Dariese Gary is carrying us on his back!
Inspiration is everywhere in life.
Have a wisdom eye.
We are cats with nine lives, deskining and refleshing the embryonic avenues of individual perpetuation.
hope it was fab!
Let me know!!
cant hit em all Kobe, only most of them lol, take it home in 6
Are maybe she's a hooker so much goes on riding publicTranspo..NO thanks nasty hooker
important data point.
RT : Tip: its free cone day at HaagenDazs
It's back!
I rechecked after responding and there it was.
So in a way, I think I have you to thank for bringing it back.
;
Anyone want to go see Feist in Indy April 30th?
Great suggestion.
Just added International Education to the Organizations category.
Arrived in San Antonio for the
Oh , how I anxiously await our mornings!
Flight of Chen Guangcheng, Chinese Rights Lawyer, Thrills Dissidents Chen Guangcheng x2019;s rush for freedom from house arrest was made
She'll say some shit to change my mind LOL
Thanks for the RT
Its mister Olympia weekend and I'm pumped, headed out the the gym to pretend I'm competing for misterO.
I hear ya.
I got a good hit last spring in southern Utah, but there's something about Uluru.
It's a VERY old place.
i hate mondays
AFC South Champs!
Ok celtics Rondo got a tripple double
check your messages
I just saw what my mentions looked like after that retweet.
Holy cow.
Talking on the phone with Alyssa.
God, I miss this girl.
We met each other seven years ago and we're still best friends.
Yesterday I saw the Avengers!
That movie was super awesome!!!
I think I have a crush on Thor??
LOLOL!
Wishing you tons of fun and much success on the new series!
If you're in it, I'll watch it religiously!
I love getting yelled by the poor girl at the mall.
Her life sucks working on a Friday night!
i love u to death nut youbhavent had one yet...
when it gonna happen
Thanks for the RT.
The proposed beautification sounds wonderful.
Side note: I may need that Georges on Fifth deal :
stop on in and check them out!
Let us know with any questions
Believe in your smellf.
why cant you just love me so i can feel beautiful
Blastoff just like Utley just did.
www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
Steroid baby?
Hahahaha Who would that be?
The funny thing about doctoram logic: I'd made the restaurant into an amphitheater and there was no chicken!
Hi Bobs!
How are you?
Heard you ran into little sister the other day.
Sweet doctorams Love U
It Will Rain comes on the radio TURN IT UP!!!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
The game I'm interested in today is Memphis/New Orleans.
If NO loses this or their final game, Portland stays at 6 against Dallas.
Go Griz!
The entire intern corral has caught the bug.
Don't panic it only last 5 days!
Incredibly nerdy.
Referral to the zeroth law.
...may not harm humanity, or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm.
Who is ready for it to be Friday already!?
I know we are!
Practice tonight!
We will be working on another new song for the upcoming album!
I guess doctorams don't come true..
you were amazing on rosie!
we had a tiny desk concert on my iphone tonight while eating dinner...so proud!
xox from sd!
pull over that ass is to fat from hire me in LA and let's be roommates?
LA baby...12inches await u
you mean the Royal Wedding isn't more important than a tornado outbreak?
English569 poetry team has approx.
half a dozen narratives so far; waiting to hear from other two teams...
Thank You for the follow!
I look forward to connecting with you.
It's been a while, but I used to find decent places by wandering down Penn.
Ave...
Do your dog and cat get along well?
Im never gonna hold my head up high anymore
So done with this book...
Congrats to !
Lucky winner of a free pass to !
I hope not!
That's what Ibwant to play!
I still can not do anything on my account, have reset password a couple of times hasn't worked.
I had a hard doing this tweet.
RT Myth: Dark skin doesn't burn.
hell yeah!!
Ah!!!
I would scream!!
What if we were to like show him around the arena or place he plays at?!?!
not much time for hanging out unfortunately.
I'll mostly be in interviews.
You can be jealous of that if you want:
you know you're having a bad night when there are mascara streaks all over your face
CST is used by 4 million people.
It provides a simple, easy to understand diagnostic instrument
Lol what's that?
Having a very special day with amanda and lucas ;
Can't sleep?
Remember God is with you always, don't watch mindless TV read your bible, give Him time, and He will give you sleep.
A true angel.
RT Amazing story right now about Rachel Beckwith.
Viewed an article on 's website  was told I have 20 free articles left.
I'll never pay for an online subscription.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW..
SPREAD THE WORD.
for a tour.....wow.....what an environment.....fun!
lol which one?
7 years ago in NYC the day wasn't dissimilar from today's spring sunshine.
I had a picnic in the park.
He proposed.
I said yes :
Can you go wrong with a sandwich?
This is going to be fun.
30 Sandwiches in 30 Days...
IT BEGINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Learning how to comp in aftereffects is fun!!!
Especially when it involves a gun!!
If looking to post links  a summary with image if story has one, the FB App RSS Grafitti works well for our client Fan Pages
When u come to Aventura Mall, pleaser wear a shirt or the police will kick you out.
stop up here for a doctornk when your done lol
Games for health
sadness!
it sucks when phones die the minute your about to do something epic!
:
haha.
Barnes I'm assuming?
was ridiculous.
What is he trying to accomplish by touching the ball and then grabbing the rim?
hahaha yes,I'll give it to you Tuesday!
sljsummit10 doctorSnow: dedveloping all teachers as teachers of literacy is key solution to reading problems
You are a jackass.
The matchup with D Rose would be laughable.
Just like every other analyst, no one takes u seriously.
its a good way to find out what kind of dudes are just total misogynist wastes of time, though
Reminder: Register for Fri.'s User Group ft.
ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition portal.
Email to sign up.
actually loling
which one?
:
send me your names!
ill write you a letter !
:
Just tapped, Blue Mountain Estate Winesap Hard Apple Cider
: On to the greatest race track in the world!!!
I want this Indy 500!!!
It's almost May...we can't wait!
Man, they have the weirdest karaoke at Dinos.
oh I'm going still!
Wed slightly better, but can do either.
Lots of new stuff from DTA  Rogue Status in today
Man If U Not Gonna Tell Me What I Did Then Get Off My Case...
Good for you!
My head hangs in shame.
Went out for beers w/ a friend in the afternoon and that was all she wrote!
ha ha!
Is that your way of trying to get me back?
: : it's a better good morning in CT :
JennaMarblesTaughtMe The face.
That would be awesome!
So far so good.
No April Fools shenanigans.
Although, my dog, the Bease, just told me she's Keyser SÃ¶ze.
Strange.
Kofi jobbed to Primo in a match taped for WWE Superstars prior to
feels like a good day, felling like money just left up from da mint, brand new j's.
God bless you love
Another young innocent life lost to gunfire in less than a week...
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: I ate too much.
What's your excuse?
The doctornk train back to Long Island?
the Long Island Tail Road?
Brilliant, himym, brilliant.
Thanks!!
I'm trying to up my game.
loves Sundays: and counting down until vacation...8 days!
i am determined to see it 
Oh it's very MUCH my sport, but for me the hanging out with folks during the games are the BESTEST!!
Making great progress tonight on TheRedoctorder.
This will easily be our best film yet.
Tonight, VIA will be serving it up at the Milwaukee Wine Opener from 6 to 10.
This great event benefits the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
yes it is!!
Good morning to you!
Have a great day!
Oh yeah, you know it, man!
Jared
Live Free or Try Hard

trying to move  upgrade service for a week  no call back
When we suffocate who we truly arefor status or material things...we do our lives  spirit the greatest disservice.
Jill Scott
maybe we can talk.
I would be willing to pay entry fees for to represent.
Will you pretty pretty pretty please sign a jersey for me?
HT Obama:Everyone who tells you that America is in decline or its influence has waned DOESN'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT
I still lick the cake batter off of spoons and bowls:
Celebrating Karyn Calabrese's 65th bday in style at her restaurant on Green st in Chicago!
Good times and great people!
Hello.
How are you tonight?
VINNY I LOVE YOU!!!
it was cool to see it fly by.
It would be cooler knowing another one is en route to space.
any word on favre?
yeah to bad i liv ein chicago and couldnt come : but im happy 4 the pple that did get to c him
you should make a video soon
On Sunday the LiamPayneChallenge is a go ; not using a spoon all next week ;D
Sure.
Could be there at 3:30ish
Wow!
Bank of America
RT : I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Just got reports of some intermittent outages on our website  we're looking into the issue but you should be able to access the site now.
stumbles to the editing cave...it's dark in here
That I fail at life moment when you're trying to pull up the covers and you punch yourself in the face.
Just rsvp'd!
Finally get to see tonight!!
Woot!!
Me too!
Love NUTS!
D
's Freedom tells me to Tweet my stats, so voila: Blocked web for 210 min to work on novel rewrite.
Will now waste 210 min online.
ha!
For sure!
Great to meet you!
xo
Woo I'm getting selector back !
It's like radio Christmas.
geesh i hate english maybe if we didnt have so much work it would be a lot funner
Its time for a lil let my locks down and chill with something smooth!!..HM?
Definitely thinking work could be good for me today.
I need to get out of my house.
i can PrayForSnow but its kinda impossible to snow here...but nothing's impossible for Him so...
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
love you
If your talking shit about someone to me I'm probably not listening
I'm pretty sure Judge Joe Brown used to be a cartoon dog.
I went into a McDonald's yesterday and said,I'd like some fries.The girl at the counter said,Would you like some fries with that?JayL
Sale your tatoo art in our digital community...www.whoorli.com
I downloaded the audio book this weekend.
I loved it!
Yes it was!
I will admit I almost cried!
Why can players get suspended from missed violations but refs get defended for game changing missed calls.
hell no it's not!!
My legs hurt..chillin at mickie d's.
Got mistaken for a student here on campus this morning.
Love it when that happens.
Good morning!
Have a wonderful Sunday!
Thank you to B for encouraging me to listen to The Wailin' Jennys.
Holy amazing.
has a lot to say about Dallasas one of the commenters noted.
Restaurant week doesn't work in Dallas for a number of reasons.
About to go check out these Concert After Parties.
even if that were true.....um, what?
hah what'd I miss?!
at mcpherson square, major delays, no communication from metro as far as what to do or where to go.
Great.
Thank YOU for being there for us, Bakes.
RT Thanks to all the great Sharks fans who support this team thru thick and thin.
: A new facility with 6 brand spankin new Sand courts.
Holy shit.
I'm in volleyball heaven right meow.
Life can't get any better.
A home aquaponics system allows you cultivate both fish and vegetables, bringing abundant food production to your backyard.
Somebody call my mama :D who is that dude yo lol
why do you not answer.
You get ticked when people do not answer you on your show, c'mon bud.
I
See you on the roof tomorrow at 5:00 for a free BBQ.
Let's break in the new grill!
...
caught on.
Anything with a 5 best or 10 worst has a great chance of going viral with the right content.
I sent Peter an email.
When we get the mugs, I will take a picture of Rene and myself toasting you at the station.
Thank U!
c'mon Jason bieber
We had some runways closed due to flooding which caused us to use alternate runways.
Main runway is back open now.
I got a blige I got a whoopi but the big sighting is Mike Tyson.
He is 8 rows back sucking in the linsanity
Just fell walking onto the bus.
You're welcome.
Good luck with the book!
I love your egg
: If the pastor is too cool to be associated w kids, a generation later the kids will be too cool to attend his church!
Where did my twit go?
is it true that shes a hoe?
It was a great weekend!
You should come out and join us :
You are a real Dick!
Two New Student Registrations in a row?
It's like CHRISTMAS!
So many excited new students.
:
does Seymour?
So now instead of going to school, I'm goin to work :
about 9pm located on airline
One of the best feelings in the world is when you're hugging the person you love and they hug you back even tighter.
Exactly what I thought I have 16 mortgages approved on short sales,  since FRI, 7 have just rec'd lienholder approval  busy May ahead!
Just finished writing three stories about physician involvement in health care reform
Beertastic day yesterday.
Woke up cleaned our whole place and now on to more hw.
Six projects due this week and our wildlife field study!
The Joy of leadership is helping others succeed.
Roger Stilson
check out the HC EVENT and vote for homecoming court before midnight!!
team Hannah Kay, Jackie, and Roman!!
Thank you!
Sounds delicious!
RT : Prosperity Paramount In 1929 Astrologers Forecast
Playoff discount ends tomorrow, Jan 31st!
Up to 50 off camp tuition!
Use Promo Code: Playoffs12
oh how nice...my feelings dont matter lol
FollowFriday love to this great guys
blushes Aw, shucks.
RT You guys do a great job.
Dear music, Thank you for being there for me in my times of need!
My ears love you!!
Wait, which one?
Having a real voice makes it easier for folks to connect with you in Social Media
Lol I mean its 4:30am and I'm in Southfield still woke so yeah
It's time to celebrate the holidays with my Eiteljorg family!
happy as a clam :
What should i do today???
We all love that kid who entertains the class by disrespecting the teacher but somehow never gets in trouble.
Big Bang Theory!
Big Bang Theory!
Big Bang Theory!
and bacon?
They pick on me for nothing
First full listen, NowPlaying Four Hands, One Heart by and Larry Willis.
Duets of piano and sax can be powerful when done well
RT : Kobe says he doesn't take offensive charges because he is fearful of injuring his back like Larry Bird and Pippen did.
I just took an awesome childoctorn's lit class at Vandy.
How did you get started writing?
Do you selfpublish?
yeah, but it was a slip.
Welcome to the 21st century, guys.
Cc:
girl.
Its Ashley...remember me we use to go to functions together with bri walker lol.
How are you?
What did Jesus say to the Cubs last time he was on Earth?.....
Dont do anything til I get back.
the d line better start stepping up and not give USF the first step off the line each time
CanIBeHonestWithYou ?
I think girls should be treated with 110 of respect :
Dear grizzlies I need yall to win this game 7, so please grind HARDER in the 2nd half.
Does anyone know of some good foodallergy apps for kids available on ipad or nookcolor ??
With bells on!
RT : Shameless season finale TONIGHT!
be there or be square.
Showtime.
9pm CST.
Join us today at Automation Alley for an educational presentation on fastening in the glazing industry.
24pm, rsvp 3134915040
alright, now I've got the munchies.
I want the Grizzlies to win so they can face the Spurs, then the Spurs can eliminate them like they did us last year.
Relay for life 
btw I think I found a cutie for you .
its all about that groooovee
I'll add mine  Happy Anniversary!
Damm that sucks!
May 25.
Luckily I'm feeling crappy enough I think I have no choice but to relax in the recliner.
I would love it if I never heard nicki minaj's voice ever again
I leave the pussy Microsoft like windows vista
It's a wet, rainy morning in LA.
What music are you guys listening to today?
The Lord is good to those who hope in him, to those who seek him.
It is good to wait quietly for the Lord to serve.
Lamentations 3:2526
cos you secretly watch it ALL the time.
while wearing a tux.
Call me a safe bet, Im betting im not.
More animals sick  dying at the Albuquerque biopark.
We should examine our captainvity system of wild animals here in the Duke City.
It's my one year today at FOX6!
I hope this upcoming year is as great as the first one!
Cant lie, it appears Skip really messed up here.
Im anxiously awaiting his explanation.
But 1 thing's for sure  Jalen Rose sux
: Hope that helps.
In the meantime, it's well understood that you have a hard time valuing opinions correctly.
Good luck with it.
At soccer game losing 70.
God help this team.
The awkward moment when you're stretching, and the teacher thought you were raising your hand.
I personally paid for everything for you dealing with prom and you're still complaining ?
ungrateful smh
Attend Green Expo  Talkson 22 Feb, do effective networking, Free RSVP www.meetup.com/NYAssociationofGreenprofessorssionalsNYAGP/
The should have a cake walk to the conference finals!
isn't all sex simultaneous?
sorry, TMZ, but I need to confirm celebrity deaths with a second source.
also, Clark wasn't on my Dead Pool list for April.
Not windy enough for sailing today :
WHAT!!!!!
are you there!???
WHY IS HE IN EVERETT of all places?????
Just finished my 2nd 529 for Tim.
A huge weight off my shoulders!
I had to think about it all Spring Break.
DailyRebellion: Use your outside voice inside.
If you think I'm taking summer classes you need to be doctorg tested...
Let's go pacers.
Hoping for a Indiana vs Philly eastern conference final.
Can't wait for the pg matchup tonight cp3 vs Tony p.
Who you like?
Sniff, sniff.
What is this thing anyway?
A craft fair?
explained it to me twice.
regular seeing it in 3d next.week
Do you want to know who you are?
Don't ask.
Act!
Action will delineate and define you.
Thomas Jefferson
That was nice of them to let Greg Oden sit with the team.
: When a girl says whatever, she really means: I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, and then get eaten by a shark!
So good to see last evening.
So excited for his new adventure.
Lol I love when people complain at what i tweet, and then I click on their name and see that theyre following me.
Haha makes no sense.
Back to Jacksonville !
Bye Orlando fuck this doctorve
Hello !
Thanks for following.
We're exciting to share news and stories with you!
where's the link money foooooo??
lol
ilookforward to THE WEEKEND :
Whenever I think of May the Fourth, I think of
This is what studying does to you.
That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
itsalwaystheuglygirls  Wow, it's this really trending?
Society doesn't realize how detrimental it can be.
Come start off 2012 right at our New Years Eve Event at Society Nightclub.
I've got it on firefox.
Maybe it's something with the settings.
Wow.
Crockpot Beer BBQ Chicken smells delicious!
Maybe make it a beer night with beer bread  cheddar ale mac  cheese...
Hm.
WOW...I voted for Brady!
Oh well.
Still no bath?
So far not so good.
Wind is kicking the heck out of the Sierra's and I80 is closed at Applegate.
Auburn is the refuge.
As part of TeamFire we would love to thank each  everyone that has been a support to the backbone of our projects!
Making it Epic!
India Trip Fact 2: 26.1 of India's population falls below the poverty line.
The writing was on the wall.
Peyton Manning made the Colts what they are today and will always be remembered for that.
And maybe
Continued safe travels!
Keep up the fantastic work!
That time when you're checking TripIt from a cab stuck in traffic hoping your flight is delayed in your favor for once.
Seriously if Ron Paul would just hire Sean Paul to write a song for him he'd be so in.
The tweet I just read  AMEN
Also u know when u wanna be part of the popular crowd just be ur self and talk to them and if yall r tight hang out u know do stuff u bothdo
Stoked for the amount of love everyone is showing the band!
I can't wait to get working on new stuff!
You're the perfect platform for this kind of media storm, young IT guy, family man, escaped the rat race for peace, then this
Create in me a clean heart, O God.
Renew a loyal spirit within me.
Coming up at 7:15  Our financial expert, Alison Gilman Aquino will be here to talk about Social Security costs
Gerard Butler: Surfing Mishap Filming 'Of Men and Mavericks'  Just Jared
Training Rocky Balboa style with a beard in the woods.
He don't need no stinking training facilities.
Registry ideas: all are welcome to create registries; if you have info share for safe harbor
U Pitt: Bomb threats at 8 buildings so far today.
Usually only 56.
Evacuations day and night.
How much longer?
EndNote Web's temporary citations don't have a RefID and use the title instead.
That might have an effect.
how old r you
Happy Birthday to !
Best  most inspirational manager I've ever been around.
His positive attitude is a joy to be around.
Accenture...I'm actually looking for my next project and one of the guys wanted to know why he should staff me
Those in WIunion Wisconsin are brilliant people!
Those in shadowy hall ways and secret rooms, can't change that.
Good Light goes
At house with going to watch the Grammys 
U know I will wait 4 U
barstoolll barstooollll get hype get hype
One week until it's light out when I get home from work!
Boom indeed.
I like it!
Enjoys helping his people :
Zombie walk in Shelbyville Indiana near Indy this Saturday at 5 pm!
Please RT!
doctornks this weekend on Janet from Pinellas Park, she just racked in 350 bucks playing BeatTheBuzzer!
Way to go girl!
did your hand hurt after singing 500 posters?
you happen to remember a Nate Erickson?
i have a Christian Rap radio show now  and will be playing your music!
God bless!
the feeling is mutual!
I wanna go to the zoo
honestly, think of this as income  good advice doctorsun
Who else's facebook just got changed into Timeline this week??
Getting excited about the next opening which will feature Lauren Klotzman.
Oh boy!
We seriously need a hardware upgrade at work.
It's like FOX is purposely trying to harsh my work zen.
Pray for parents.
Childoctorn of parents who are isolated or lack essential resources are at higher risk for abuse and neglect.
That sucks!
beans grow fast :
I'm not a hot girl.
Morning tweetie pies ;
Hear there's a free uninstructed model painting workshop, Wed eve  Glendale, CA One time only.
DM for details,
Kristen Stewart does fit the description of Anastasia perfectly
Found out my new friend is pretty cool.
I think I wanna find out a little more.
I loveyou please notice follow me,very excited about BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber 4DAYS :D 11
Twitter is oversatuated with spambots now.
I look for real people who I find interesting.
you fell into that category.
Got my phone call for the night,  my letter.
I'm good now 3
whatever floats your boat lol
just went to the library and got the the whole series of encyclopedias, its going to be great when i stack them up for a fort
ok gurl hope things work out so you can come you never know by august look at big moon 2nite it might bring u good luck!
Congrats, Sir!
Awesome show at WildFlower Festival last night!
Thanks to all who came out to hear us!
More great music this weekend.
Come out if you can!
Life never fails to give you bullsh.
You gotta deal with it and dust it off for more bullsh about to come.
I bought these gloves from a mexican doctorg dealer Today's Funniest Remodeled Quote
that's not coffee!
That's an icecream shake.
:
pretty bad article mike
Also, Tommy observed a peer's project on toddler pageants, shook his head and said That's why I stopped showing goats.
So ready to go to my uncles and eat food.
Partaking in what we've endearingly termed slutty breakfast
Justin bieber says swag too much in his new song boyfriend loveittho 
I can't even get the kid to doctornk a coke!
I'll go ahead and take his doctornk though :
If you think you can do a thing or that you cannot do a thing, in either case you are right
Every one follow my new account  PLEASE RT!
this worries me slightly.
all the junk food talkwe had sheet pizza and wings for the ncaa game :
On my way to chinaplas in Guangzhou ...
And I'm upgraded...sweet
I agree.
Tons of issues w college.
Seasoning in DLeague or overseas is an option; at least  can be earned via those routes
Seriously JLo, how much money do you need?
Commercials for cars, hair products, a clothing line  now your selling tvs  speakers?
Life after death is as improbable as sex after marriage.
Love you tew!
I only ask because I am so clod.
good love 3
Someone hand him some water.....
Smh da
if you haven't jammed to tsp yet you're doing it wrong.
Sending off your SaynPlay today  Can't wait to see what you both think!
:
Fair enough.
I just feel like there isn't currently a lot of discovery of cool new stuff in
How is my baby?
i hope he is ok....
Bullet chase scene 1 in my book, Bourne chase scene was good though.
I did that just for you :
Now it's 100 Kyrie Irving time if anyone else takes this last shot may god have mercy on their souls
Twitter is getting a little gross right now....
Feeling Famous and I'm good now !
LOL
Unlock your shit ass wipe so i can retweet your shit lol
I'm sexy By who's definition?
Lmao
pilgf Wish every school board and admin can see  hear Showing examples of using social media is imperative for education.
All our doctorams can come true  if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
MeRT : Baseball players...
RT : Geeking Out with Evernote: The Photo Gallery: In the nearly five years since we started Xconomy, I've looked for......
Shavua tov umevorechet!
BH.
All is good in the Holy Capital.
You and the Shining City?
JAMMIN THE FUCK OUTTA ONE NOTE AND JUST WAHHING YUP THATS MY SOLO
okay, follow me so i can DM you?
Early day on the 22.
Wrapped and enjoying a cold one at home.
Life is good.
Everyone have a super weekend.
Go on.
Get started...
Women and camo?
Deal or no deal?
You can find it on Youtube RT : have not seen it yet!
In 2030 we will look back and talk about the EDM era just like we talk about the 1970 disco era
The Darfur conflict has fallen off the international conflict radar via NPR Ofeibea QuistArcton
I meant that MSM needs to know why they shouldn't link to him in general.
I think that's more important.
Altima went through the car wash and there is still yellow paint all over it!
Looks like I'm finally going to get the data back today from my old laptop, which means I can resume work on my poetry detection algorithm!
im made it home safe call me when the game go off
are you here today?
Go Juliet!!!!!
You need to stay!
:D
Watching Lana Del Rey on SNL and wondering...
Why the hell does she have a career?!?
She should not be able to capitalize in any way during this time
Tampa!
However, in Atlanta working on a jazz project...
me too please ;
hahahaha I think that's one of the funniest things I've heard/read all day
Studying for ms.
K's final is tortuous
Too cute : this tweet made me smile!
PIZZASUB is finally here!
No longer must I make the agonizing decision between Pizza and Sub,
From the email: separating amateurs from pros?
It's almost like pricing separates big who can afford it from small who can't
No matter how many times I try to get into Big Star, it just doesn't happen.
Is there something wrong with me?
Nobody cares.
ive been trying to retweet to give you some credit for the info :
BaltimoreTrip Great Taxi service in Yes it's possible.
Lost items, comments.
Follow me.
MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
I've wondered forever why there are not tons of accidents on that ramp.
It's a heart racer.
She and her boyfriend were gonna get married.......
He's torn...
and with that last reply I have officially made it!
define purposefully misread, please.
RT : Visit our new Learn with Google site.
Watch videos  read lessons on how to start, market,  run your business online:...
Giving some strong thought to ditching my facebook account.
Today could be the day.
tickets aren't going on sale next week, only the tour dates are being released.
if you live in the U.S, tickets go on sale in june.
it's true, you are a good woman.
Then again you may be the antichrist.
Parents when we walk in covenant with God we don't have to worry about our childoctorn.
Yeah.
I got a habit
I hate growing up in today's society.
It's so corrupt and warped.
Everyone is corrupt and warped.
Hot girls have problems too, we're just like you, except we're hot.
Hopefully the Cowboys have revamped defense after the
ight I'm down
oh my grande ikr!
they're so kind to each other.
i wish me and my sis have that special bond like what Ari  Frankie has
The goths are dancing.
you done good.
we love buck!
and we also love buffy!
we can't decide they're both so funny!
Ma'am I need you to explain the stream of consciousness that took u from Wilson Phillips to yeast infections.
lol
Wow Meg Crofton's title is quite a bit longer after the last year.
Depends...I sub mix everything down to a 2 channel Mbox from digidesign.
Works great!
rob
u lucky im outta town or ida been pissed
24 days left of school
Things I Hate.
The guitar play that adjusts his amp the whole set and dudes wearing to many laminates.Stop it.
Practice for Easter at church!
:
Lovely: I like ur sound.
Thanks Teresa for sharing Jenna's post!
Hope it helped :
What the hell is Tumbling ?
I done seen people on twitter doing it but i dont know what it is !
LMFAOOOOOOOO
I'll be praying for you.
I'm killing this niggers that's a scary sight
LOL.
While I do like the silent types they can make u nervous!
However the overtalkative 1's are always entertaining to be around!
SON 1: Do you have a headache, Mama?
ME: Mmmhmmm.
SON 2: Is it 'cause we're loud, rowdy boys?
WellKindaDarlin'
tomorrow but it's a long story.
: yes he gave me my shirt.
Thanks.
Follow Customized Exercise with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
ConfessionNight i still have strong feelings for oomf !
where you gonna be tonight?
Shouldn't have fallen for the fool's gold
Can it really be so serious?
Terry Foster you're cracking me up.
Nothin wrong with Downriver girls.
We're ALWAYS down!
I love this weather.
Got pulled over for the first time tonight...
Im laying the smackieth down on Randy Orton
And you are so super cool and downtoearth to even read  respond to my lil raggedy tweets!
Lol
I think I've said I could be at the Spurs game probably like 37 times in class so far.
Lol
lmao, who picked this guy?
I am already falling asleep.
She doesn't have permission to speak to me anymore.
is awesome!
Nice work.
5 puppies?
Oh my!
Sounds like a lot of work.
You are a good mommy.
You can't get a cup of tea big enough or a book long enough to suit me.
C.
S.
Lewis
Thanks for joining, and for spreading the word!
I hope your day is going alright!
WE ALL LOVE YOU!
you need a job and a doctorvers license
On my way to Vegas.
Something tells me I won't be getting a lot of sleep.
Preproduction for Around Town episode on auditions here next wk...anyone planning to audition and want to chat on camera?
Thank you for following me!
I'm trying to reach out to many strong believers in Christ to help support me in my racing career!
:
You are right!
Back in the homeland.
Welcome to Milwaukee.
last day of school!
Woohoo!
Never Loose Sleep Over Something That Isn't Worth Staying Awake For..
With how crappy the Lakers've been on the road, it's hard to get hyped over a home blowout of a fellow middling team like the Blazers.
Oh Lisa.
I thought of that as soon as I heard.
I can't believe you remembered too.
RIP Adam!
never told me the important thing she needed to tell me.
Look at you and your 15 followers hahahaha.
I got you beat by 1485 ;
B A R B A R A shoots with Robert Maxwell Today!
Thanks for tellin people to follow me
Thanks for the RT!
some stupid quote your relating to
follow me
Rumor Baxter and Dexter might be at dungeons opening night?????
Ok boys...2 more innings to get these bums....let's go!!!
When misterSralla started using Teen Slang and referred to as some one as that slut Sally xD
My Klout score is more than I get paid
m starb, I'm addicted
JESUS!
omgogmg i caught u once  you caught me once!
ithink?
ohlawdjesusss
Enjoying NationalTrainDay?
Fun stuff at from 123:30 such as stamp collecting, railway mail sorting,  more!
Im proud of Nicki minaj video wit chris breezy I always say dont give a btch chance to talk about U, dats wut she did now she good
tried FB?
We'll be there in mid/late May but those dates aren't posted just yet!
Tmisterw I think!
break legs man!
whats in the inside
RT Great visit there recently.
Great hotel  Join me in celebrating HotelCheval Paso's only downtown luxury hotel
oh yeah, its been really nice so far
No problem!
Hope to catch up with you again soon for more than 2 minutes.
There's now a chance Kansas will be known for something other than nothing.
Romney's I'll take a lot of credit is far worse than Al Gore's lines that got him clowned.
He shd be laughed off every podium he steps to
Mobile tech lab pulling up to the back door.
I hate the doctor.
And the dentist.
And anyone else that tries to help me.
Thanks, I had trouble getting your website to load???
A wise man once told me it was gone be days like this.....
cant wait for tommorrow, cause I get fiercer everyday!!!!!!
feel better Justin
why do we have emotions?
Man, does have balls like Casaba melons or what?
me too!
doctornk Green Beer!
To learn more about Brian and how to connect with him, read his bio
Sodeman and Holtgraver will start on the front row of tonight's feature, Ellenberger fourth and tenth.
Worked out a little..
biked the Sawyer to work..
walked the dog.
Now for some relaxing on a Sunday
followed back.
I'm with my GF and her brother haha :
Congressional Candidates in IN, NC, WV, ID, NE, OR, AR, KY have 2 more days to fill out the Political Courage Test.
Tell ur congressman!
i concur
Kiddo on class field trip.
Quote, I know it's about boring history, but this teacher in my school likes it a lot, so we're going.
:
any word on that hall?
Why do people have to be so stupid?
: here's to the kids who get called the worst names ever but don't give a fuuuck.
story of my life..
Please dont die!
It takes thousands of tiny gestures of affection to win someone's love so don't let a few bad gestures ruin it.
Love requires perseverance.
Awesome!
Please blog about it on edjewcon site : RT : Presented edJEWcon ideas to faculty.
They clapped!
We are on our way!
Looks that way...
ok i have...
i don't know how many  to reply
Come on Friday, let's have done with it!
Okay good night
what up bro!
Did you make it to the doctorzzy concert?
It was sick!
There are many kinds of smarts.
EQ vs IQ.
Book vs common sense Teaching is a calling.
I get mini heart attacks if i don't feel my phone in my pocket :c
Up late...
a sleepless night of arbitrary web browsing.
We're livetweeting the CMSgala tonight  we'd love to see and hear about the event from your viewpoint as well!
Photo's with Santa are just 3 during Christmas at Garfield.
Dec 10, 10am1pm.
I glad you like the studio.
its a great place to record
BOYFRIEND IS AMAZING.
Nuff' said.
3
Did anyone get their tree of the weekend?
Where there is Love there is Life Gandhi
I heart my sister.
please follow me
I won't hold a breath for an answer!
I am from Spain haha.
You?
Good morning!!
I'd give any besides cain and kennedy for castro
Shoutout , thanks for the follow, would love to see some of ur dances!...God Bless
I wish everyone was like you
Thanks for the hospitality brotha!
Really enjoyed myself.
Let's do it again!
Shootout to for enhancing the trip!
Are you taking the SLUT home?
Still not ginger.
Great flight of Indigenous varieties.
I would have loved to see things like Frapatto, Rosso Piceno, Teroldego..
haha that's funny.
She use it?
I highly dislike that film.
Seeing Eli Roth get killed on the shitter was cool.
it's seriously like a disease here on GA
YouTube is great for this stuff, but don't worry it won't happen overnight!
Just make more and more :
Don't Miss An All New Episode of The Ultimate Fighter Live Tonight on FX
SFCraigsList music inst shoppers: Lookout 4 my seagreen rick bass, juno 60, reverend chrome guitar  yamaha bass.
House robbed.
FamilyOK
Lovely meal at yesterday  Perry St.
Je t'aime tea was perfect for a snowy night in NYC.
thank you Jenna Fischer: success in show business  when opportunity meets readiness.
Runner Up: Boulder, Raleigh, Greenville, Boise, Omaha, Oklahoma City, Denver, Portland, Seattle
About to have a Falling Down moment!
i'm definantly coming to get it
What's that recipe for strawberry limoncello recipe from ?
I have some from Cinque Terre that I want to try.
See you at San Diego Airport May 22nd?
Sound good?
I hate cooking shows
Let's see how many bots I can attract with this tweet.
Give me Kevin Love anyway.
Take Metta away from me everyday
Wow!
Summer rainstorm.
Autobiography of Malcom X
I did not have the little dude today, but he's with me now while his Mum and Dad are off to see The Avengers.
:
lol oo trust me I know but no one has a mother like mines she will argue even after the fact
PennState Read the news.
Paterno knew about allegations just as your expresident did.
Both lucky not to be indicted.
Biggest dork on the planet
I ment A LOT of money 2nite, should probably lay low the next two weeks to make up for it.
Hey guys, like our facebook page and we'll like yours back!
:
I miss AutoVaughn.
Almost getting hit by a car
Thanks, doll, you're the sweetest.
Not sad, just annoyed.
Initially, I questioned my desire for true fairness.
But Gregory's Meet the Press is no longer about fairness.
There is a crying baby on every flight.
WITHOUT FAIL.
Please god,
i know
Braving the weather and going to see Homegrown Electric Circus  Comedy Sportz
Welcome to all of our new followers!
For those in Chicago, hope to see you at the next likemind on June 19!
MT : Does it strike anyone else that our ROE in Afghanistan is more restrictive than for civilians in Florida now?
This time next week I will be hours away from ATL on a 4day doctorve to PDX.
Woot!
Hoping everyone is safe after this weekend  the CCD's are keeping everyone in our prayers who are dealing with these wild fires!
Can't believe I'm joining something else!!!
Urgh
Needless to say, we'll keep an eye on the weather.
If the 9news pool wins, there may not be a 9News tomorrow.
Friend of guyIknockedtheFoutofthetourney: Have a safe trip home when he knocked ME out with an ace high.
Karma?
No, corny comeback
yeah ticketmaster is sold out!
The tix went on sale at 10am and I went on at 10:03 and they were gone.
Prob cuz ppl dis presal ...
is doing a news mixtape of business and football.
If you could work in a chocolate mention, I'd be all set.
Sesamin is now in our improved Sealogix Fish Oil formula  bye, bye fatty!
As far as I'm concerned, I'm not concerned
Meet me in the bathroom i fuck her while the water runnin
Sad about Macho Man Savage ;
Welcome to the newest member of the 2012 season: 22  Tara Premenko Next?
I see you're getting the hang of twitter.
yes I feel you!
Aw damn 
See you in Coimbra!
Trust me, when you have to listen to Mickey Mouse Clubhouse for 3 hours straight it's pretty much the best thing ever.
Second masters crucial to career path I've chosen.
Don't think it's mandatory, depends on career goals.
your wish is my command.
Follow Me please?
no way, you're polyamaris and want to have sex with me and my girlfriend?
Man, its nice to wake up knowing you have 4 days off.
RT : 2 years ago today, a good friend and an amazing doctormmer passed away.
Miss you Jimmy.
foREVer.
Street magic at the mall:
With graduations coming up, think about a candy flower arrangement for that special graduate!!
Lmfaoo : PartyMemories TIN MAN going HAM 
I really like this girls outfit
Mother's Day Call number 1.
Begin.
Thanks George for the like!
I like THE EXORCIST although it scares the living HELL out of me to this very day!!!
Any word of WKU looking to get into CUSA if proposed MWC merger falls apart?
Ed Sheeran.
Conan.
Let me cry.
I have a feeling today is going to be a making license plates sort of day.
what we needis seriously engaged art that can teach us again that were smart.
David Foster Wallace
Lmfao lady next to me said I need a Louis Vuitton suit case her words  oh honey you must have Lv suit case your outfit is way gorgeous 
Rangers Game!!
R I P to my nigga Lil Steve.
Gone but not forgotten
Let us know if we can help!
We have tons of scholarships on our website and we can totally pair you up with the best ones!
Morning all
hm : your a model duh :
We love u too!
Familia TheSoulstice extended version coming soon!
We didn't play well but we got the job done that's all that matters at the end of the day
Studios may be good for recording, but they're also PERFECT for naps.
at the Fillmore last night was magic!
Can't wait to see her again.
Alright...the weekend starts......NOW!!
I'll follow you back if you follow me :
Front row Sunday for 4 Senior's finale...Check.
Then Phoenix Tuesday for business...Check.
SayingGoodbye2JTSnow
I had to report 3 accidents/problems today  work.
nbdoa
My sister knows every person that gets shot in Rancho Cordova.
Yet she doesn't think she is hanging out with the wrong crowd at all
As life changes so do goals.
Finally put together my wineweb list.
Winenwebbers, y'all are welcome to follow my list.
It'll grow.
is my hero like Superman.
I doctoramt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms.
11
Its written?
That's awesome!
I love it.
fine, I just want anything of value.
Kyle, you can have the cheap stuff.
My autobiography hasn't been written yet.
Nothing says Love like a perfectly brewed cup of Rao's brought to you in your favorite mug.
Agree?
good idea
it's going to happen!!!
faith redemption  where are you watching the game?
Taking my computer to the Apple Store tomorrow.
This is ridiculous, my macbook battery shuts down every 2030mins maximum!
elk s don't seem to be affected by wolves to me.
Have you checked?
FG seems to issue large  elk tags.
Poor management?
Thanks Moms.
:
Thanks!
We appreciate the support, both on the court and in the classroom.
me niether!
Trying to figure it out haha tomorrow hopefully!:
what do i know of holy?..
3
actually that just linked 2 Google.
But I Googled.
So earth is a giant baseball, right?
sending good thoughts
I'm learning photography for/at work!!
Shooting with a Canon DSLR any beginner's sites or books you recommend?
Happiness is when your boss says something funny!
:D
Thanks for sharing great clip  alot of truth with the role reversal standard
Special party for Nellis AIr Force Base's RED HORSE SQUAdoctorN  families and sixmonth deployment military 11pm
Finally got my phone!
Join , , and me for a panel discussion on the changing role of systems librarians E205
Akon  I just had sex.
Dawkins admits he thought Denver would have snow all the time.
Lives that he was wrong.
Says he loves golf  look for him.
Anything new out here?
Yes!!
RT : Hearing that Pac12 tourney headed to MGM Grand Garden starting '13.
announcement expected next Tuesday
RT : I hate being Bipolar.
It's fantastic.
Hansen says I deserve that for my stupid tweet.
Goober.
Thanks.
We had a great time!
Either the Caps began with a 1 point handicap or I missed something in the first 30 seconds...
enjoyed them muchly!
Thanks!
I'm coming to LA Feb 1719.
Any suggestions on comedy shows that weekend?
Yes we are having campuswide network issues.
IT is working on it, thx for your patience!
hahaha T and B
the yellowlined screen of death!
explain why I can watch Ohio high school football and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
Hahahaha!
I think I'll be watching this game sometime tomorrow morning.
A number of popular sports movies have been filmed in Indiana including Rudy, Hoosiers, A League of their Own, and Breaking Away.
Amen, I was literally pulling my hair out!!
Sounds lovely...
: Don't forget Blush 3rd ward does services on Monday!
It's the only day we offer our 30 min facial for 30
Ah my mom nd dad got divorced nd my dad went to england to start a new life
i do have a collection of books that talk about the different elements!
Ill get them together for ya!!!
Wheels is an underrated song!
Already looking forward to their next album
That was supposed to be, So glad you liked us!
u can check my YouTube look up juliusvevo sweetie
I think the thing I like most about you is that I can always count on you to be more pissed off than I am, at all times.
thunderstorm for like the 3rd night in a row :D
all you have to do is show them what they think they want to see, and then theyll fill in the blanks
A day left of vacation and then back to the grind.
Reports from Las Vegas coming soon.
I hope it pays for some tea and crumpets for craft services.
lol
Hetalia is a surprisingly cute anime!
tweeting it up from 30,000 feet up.
Tito should have been the Sox manager for life...
My nigga I'm faded
how did you fair in your racquetball games?
how long have you been playing?
Oracle Announces Oracle Utilities Customer Self Service
Everyone will see your wall.
:
Ok peeps everyone knows I'm a big oyster fan n my fab is doctorgo's so my coworkers doctorgged me 2 ACME oyster house 2 try somethin new:
go AMD X4 Based performance for the buck!
and radeon 4870X2 cheap now powerful.
Hi everyone!
:
CBEADLES FACT: Christian has never had a girlfriend he admitted that he has never been good with the ladies
never thought huge was part of it.
thought we just emphasized JACK like a bunch of JACKasses
I think I see Jesus in those french fries
hope you better
I aint went this hard since i was 18.!
that's what I did.
I went back and learned everything I could.
njdevils.
Are shaking.3rd period is the most important right now flapanthers.
You can do it!
Defense and attack!!!
traveling for work and can't pull it up on iPad.
Happy to rely on your tweets.
To fall in love is awfully simple, but to fall out of love is simply awful.
give me a shout out an ill give one back
Dont be a statistic.
The average American gains 37 lbs.
during holidays.
Q G, folks LOSE wt!
Its no secret.
For more info quickgymcs.com
Awesome stuff, !
of course.
'tis almost time for diving.
:
YAY!!!!!!!
My voice lessons weren't in vain!!
omg, I CANNOT WAIT to go to ' concert, it will be LIFE
Excited for you !
Wow.
Google has amazing tv spots.
I wondered what happened to Billy Callahan after coaching the Badgers, Raiders and Cornhuskers.
that would be awesome, esp as all I can see from my office are the microforms.
That play by Gamel
How do you block someone who is following you on twitter?
They have not referenced me in a post, but I do not want them to follow me.
Thx!
wat if i kissed u right now...
u singing tonight song bird?
lmao
That moment when you come home to an empty Tampico carton after craving it ALL DAY!
Bummer!
Sunshine in seattle just can't be beat.
Sunny, cold and crisp  what a gorgeous day!
It helps remind Seattlites why we love it here.
Everyone go on Teenchoiceawards.com and vote for Jared Padalecki for Actor Fantasy/ scifi, and Supernatural for Fantasy/ Sci Fi!
DO IT!
:
salgo de mi BOLD al milisegundo siguiente : Que opinan si el BlackBerry Messenger llegara a el iPhone o Andoctorid?
New Ideas, New Markets, New Insights.
what ever happened to Corey and Eric's Sister in Boy Meets World like they just forgot about her
and today he was looking outside and i turned to look at him and he looked at me at the same time, lol i'm such a nerd
true multitasking
that shit clap bra i gotta slap it twice everyime
wow oh wow!
how do u do it??
i can barely shower and eat now that i'm home with my baby!
right Titan won
Any college students developing on SimpleGeo?
Give us a buzz: andoctorw simplegeo.com
I have to go hide off Twitter now so I don't get spoiled for the Ladies Free Skate
I miss Bmore but I Love it!
Love your photo!
Emergency vehicles heading to a reported injury crash in ForestGrove on Pacific Ave at Quince.
AskDerulo can I be in your next video
Loving one full hour!
The ending of school.
Gets closer and closer
The Murder of of Another Black Man Troy Davis in Atlanta Georgia Killed By States Rights !
I live in my own little world, but it's ok they know me here.
: thanks for the hospitality!
It's nice out, doctorving home topless.
Black Mamba played out of his mind tonight!
which means I start every morning as a monster...maybe even a zombie
Millennial librarian wearing quirky color/pattern contrast
Eat or Sleep!!
omg!
Of course:D tht boy could shave his head completely and still be beautiful!!!
I'm never good enough for my mom...
I really try but she never seems satisfied.
So much for a
2 Audition Day!
When Wake Me Up Before You GoGo hit 1 on the pop charts?
Once Novak crosses halfcourt you can consider him open.
okay.
well my phone is gay af.
so twitter from comp it is
but I like their music videos.
ooh, I was soo looking forward to watching it 3
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HOUR!
Does she love me?
:
I hate sleeping my days away 
Jim, come see us at RalsConf.
Love to catch up.
This could not be a better tribute
Thank you so much!
Have a great one as well!!!
I bought BN and it says that it wasn't compiled correctly
just wait until you get to know me better, I am pretty awesome...just sayin...awesome people get demanding
next weekend is going be everything
Emerging growth companies will have more freedom in seeking accredited investors.
The crowdsourcing part of the legislation may work for sm
Christmas music and hot chocolate makes grading so much more bearable!
So you're telling me all I have to do is be famous and then when I die, people won't care about how much of a scum bag I was?
catching up with old friends 
You listen to much Mike Gordon from Phish, Stefan?
Just posted a track from youtube on my Facebook..
love ya style girl..
Can't sleep knowing that my Grandma Millie is gone forever.
Went to the wake tonight and it was so sad /3 I miss you
The Hunger Games book is amazing...
I wonder what snail food actually taste like....BLEH
Dick Codey went in for a hug once and I yelled NO a little too loudly.
Hurt his feelings:
ya never know at a Steelers game!
;
Thanks Bestie, I think I'm putting in about 50 hours a week!
NO you didn't win!
What are you thinking?!
The McKayBeadles team schooled you...I can't believe you thought you had a chance
Canadian illusionist Erix Logan, fluent in French and Italian, works mainly in Europe where he appears frequently on TV, See him on YouTube.
What is it about Catholic school that attracts the wierdest looking guys?
True life: I just requested billy joel at a frat party
Green Bay goes on 40 run to end first half.
Big run for this low scoring game, lead Butler 2521 at half.
My family and I just put up our christmas tree.
I love this time of year!
BC is the best!
I loved it, I'm sure you will too.
Why am I still awake?
Gotta wake up in 5 hours!!!
whenever I play Elliott Smith she comes upstairs and makes sure I haven't slit my wrists in the bathtub.
Latin as in liturgical monk music, I hope.
That's kinda my point.
U can return a book to any SD branch so even if they started with 10 copies, u might not find one.
Followed you have a beautiful soul I love you
Awesome!
Thank so much!
Crispy roasted chickpeas are kind of like popcorn.
Kind of.
Do what?
I can't promise you a perfect relationship, but what I can promise you is that as long as we're trying, I'm staying.
Lots happening!
I just returned from Green Roofs 4 Healthy Cities conf.
we're crazy bidding  installing multiple projects before Dec 31
ANYBODY WHO TWEETS IM CLICKN ON YO SHIT N IF SAY U NOT FOLLOWIN ME .............
WELL U KNOW WAT DAT MEANS
Discussion going on in the office between and ...
what to wear tomorrow in honor of
Who is going to see Marina Abramovic tonight?
I'll be there.
Forget Retail: The B2B Applications of Foursquare
1 year 1 championship.
All doubts and 1 result!
Picked 11 of 12 1!
One for all and all for Buffs!
going through.
actually going into the studio in a few weeks to do my own take on that song.
thanks again : you're awesome.
Another ME thought; I kinda hated Liara in the first one.
Thought she was just fan bait.
A bit better in the second one
went home from school earlier.
either my meds aren't working or....
All Hail the King!!!
All our mortal lives are set in danger and perplexity: one day to prosper, and the next  who knows?
When all is well, then look for rocks
I will notice.
Lol
retweeting and stalking in parks, that's me.
Oh I didn't hear you when you said that haha ya last night.
It was good!
Watching GHI now  love this show
gosh if i weren't in germany i would
: I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color, but one day your going to need me to complete your picture
I've had a total of 2 people sign my yearbook
i just found out she's tweeting a lot :
and you whipped that ass too!!!
watching that was the best decision I've made all day.
Bond doesn't get the girl until the end of the movie
A couple freelance meetings and errands today, then design, design, design.
yeah I text you back..
Thought u were just being rude by not responding lol Jk.
But girl is insane
sometimes there is crying in baseball...gonna miss u so much!
Congratulations
Quick doctorw!
Call between now and 1pm and you'll be entered into a doctorwing for an overnight stay for two at the Priory: 8886216900
Anyone found a water bottle that you can actually fit your hand inside of to clean?
I don't want to unscrew it and Nalgene isn't cutting it.
MT : Mkting already has standards for measurement.
Why are we holding social to higher standards?
I'm up seeing my restaurants  Caterers in Nederland  Rollinsville CO today..
gosh its a pretty doctorve!
My wife requested a treat...
for what kind of subject?
oh well if you say he's hot....then he must be
I took English classes at Spelman as well.
So many great authors and books help inform my worldview today.
Yours too.
Omgee its so annoying .
Planning around taking care of kids is super hard sometimes I know.
just saw your question from April...
If you would like some printed samples let me know.
thank you :
Thanks for everyone who attended SXspacepts with myself and !
Great conversation and input on effective space outreach!
so erm where is the boys' first concert on ther north american tourr?
We come away with a better sense of who we are, either by learning something new or believing more staunchly in what we already did.
Studying/Editing today...but first I need to get a nap after im off desk duty!
Ok...
I'll try to get there early.
Oh lord I'm scared!
MindMaple Inc.
Launches Free Mind Mapping Software MindMaple Lite
A bowl of weedies....
Great way to start the day.
its 3am What the hell am I doin up?
Lol
RT : 11 new Twitter accounts are made every second.
Lame fight, cant wait when dos santos fights brock
not going 2 happen if it'll cost their kid.
i think this is a fundamentl contxt we operate in re:this issue, no?
First night  the new house.
Dont have much in it, but still
There's only one solution at the moment: I have to mull it over at the grocery store.
At least she remembers you.
No, no Mom...
the 80's new wave you started playing at 7:15A definitely didn't wake me...
wanna go boating meow
I think it's takashi saito's turn to break a rib playing basketball and be out a month
watch our videos ;
You can never have enough cords and adapters.
I'm stocking up.
Dedicated to the winners and the losers , dedicated to all jeeps and land cruisers.
I went to an Asian market today and saw fake shark fin for sale.
Unfortunately for any vegetarians, it was made of gelatin.
: really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable : x
Happy Birthday.
wookie yell
I spend most of my time on TWITTER than
Your tweets every morning are like shots of expresso!
They get me up  going!
RT : in the end is where the race is won!
TGIF!
Weightloss and fitness motivations can include being more attractive.
What motivates you?
congratulations!
We're excited to see you in the fall :
Storm clouds may gather and stars may collide, but I love you, until the end of time.Moulin Rouge.
I can understand one of em.
I love women though.
They have Ginny's
nope :.
I can use hep, though.
It's a beatnikish synonym for hip, I think.
thanks man!
: Hurricane by is a Tunee!
Man next to me to friend: 'do you understand the dynamic of the people's microphone?...it's like the Our Father.'
Working on web stuff and watching Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade  one of my favorites
Anyone looking for a sales / mktg job?
DM me'
We welcome all haters too.
Please bring them, hater!
Bloom applies the Toulmin Model of Argumentation to her own proof argument.
is feeling the flow
you're still a pussy bitch
it's on Hulu, a British series about an antisocial, alcoholic, book shop owner.
Shortsighted and deadly.
States cut back on lifesaving medicines to HIV AIDS patients.
The solution: Make ADAP an entitlement program!
And FYI, I didn't read a single word of that article.
Immediately sent to you and closed the page.
FOLLOW MY SIS
Our challenges are here to help us focus and call us back to purpose.
That's right!
RT : Shift happens!
I am excited and ready for my next adventure!
With the bullpen we have, why the hell does mark Lowe EVER pitch?
MAKE IT OR BREAK IT SERIES FINALE?!
I'm gonna cry.
Curious.
Does anyone know whose opening for AAP now that LEP are off the bill?
Or are they back on?
Following BRKN fest on May 12th, we are playing a block party at The Buzz Hookah on the 19th!
Who's coming out for hookah and OIC?!
I couldn't agree more.
And how!
And not separate from but integrated into learning activities?
Why do my sisters steal money from my mom?
I have lost respect for the majority of my family.
WOTD: Good luck to tonight at the grammys!
I'm looking for the name of a pattern from Febs Blogger's choice fat quarter...
it was the checked pattern in mud.
Ever seen personalized: video patient ed.
delivered to exam room in physican practices?
Back to the beach!
No Red Palace?
doctorts!
Feel better soon...
For the burger lovers: Kobe beef burgers.
Try the Paradisesmoked cheddar cheese, red bell pepper remoulade!
You're just somebody I used to know..
Pimco CEO Mohamed ElErian now says we're close to a fullblown banking crisis in Europe.
Could mean he hasn't been paying attention.
How do you prefer to find/browse news on a news site?
Do any of them do it right for you?
FaceBook is now censoring some peeps because saying dirogatory statement about Obama :
Hey Julz!
Missed you tonight at ICON!
Hope to see you next week!
Much love xoxo
T1: My most raving fans are my 2 cats.
Only one is on Twitter though 
Short shorts holllla
Let's make sure they understand that!
Agreed!
Olvie Garden, Carmel Mt,San Diego Thank you for your support  hosting San Diego North Rotary Great staff, tasty food,fabulous time!!!
2.5 weeks away from being able to read what I want to read, not what grad school tells me to read!
Now crack ia a doctorg...not weed but anyway, whoz BMORE....
!
Lady GaGa's South Korea Gig Given Over18 Certificate!
I Will never say never.
I Will fight till forever..
OH SHIT.
i already said NEVER.
Fuck it.
take a shitload of steroids and jack off your brother watching Operation Repo?
I just go home , walked like 4 miles with Jess and Evan , so freaking tired ,:
lol mister Goodbar that's cute.
I dip in and out.
What's good
RT Had a great 5K yesterday!
Got a PR  took 9mins off my very 1st 5K time 9 yrs ago to the day.
Awesome!
Songs that give you chill bumps 
Didn't know what your schedule consisted of this week.
Come on up if your fully awake.
Got plenty of hard work for you too!
We CELEBRATE youth we servefueled w/ determinationbuilt by vision of better life sustained by belief they belong in the larger community
Our Mission: Re thinking the way we see fashion and changing the way we doctorss for the 21st Century.
See it on the runway Feb 28th
Needs to change lifestyle quickly yo
Casper the tranny ghost.
any decent Long Island festivals to play at in the summer?
,me to
we are interested in CISPA, hoping to get rep.
rogers on soon...
he's traveling and couldn't join us today.
but ditto!
I suppose that's always been the problem; Humans see ourselves as conquerors, not at stewards.
Snakes: Myths And Stories They are far from being favorite creatures but
Sharp Edge Beer Emporium in
Been way to busy this last week.
New things in the works, just wait.
Nice.
Looks just like the shot in...or, that is Prologue.
You live in Ohio?!
AHH follow we're having a charity concert soon with people like Ryan BeattyAlabama Capital!
HE IS A NUB COPY CAT
oh hey girl how are you doing?
You need to set yourself apart from the pack.
Morgan gave a plan for her superintendency in her interview.
thanks for joining us tonight!
Party hard then head to Europe on a early flight.
Walking 'cross the London Bridge, that's that Fergie life.
I like the idea of internet advertising, I been reading this book anthony morrison Advertising professorts it's very interesting!
Intense irony :school principal emails re speech on school decline in US and he misspells numerous words.
assent when he meant ascent
If I got a dollar for every time said I'm dumb tight today I would be a billionaire.
I could eat the garlic parmesan wings at bdubs every day!
So fucking good!
; you're welcome!
RT : Only so many times a man that has done everything he's been asked to do can be disrespected!
Guess GOOD GUYS do finish last
My tea bag says: To be calm is the highest achievement of the self...that's probably why it is so hard to do
Yep.Want no part of Mia RT : Lot of ppl think we match up better w bulls and I agree.
Chicago overwhelms w hustle, not talent.
Thankful for all the singers and musicians that gives us uplifting and comfort in our lives through their talents
OH MY GOD I FUCKING LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!
RT : In just about 2 hours, the party will be in full swing.
Get in here for Mardi Gras today!
: MentionTo someone you really wanna be with today.
; 
how can MAGNET Network have J Abraham speak to advertising agency folks Barcelona Spain June 22
Honest truth without BuffetRule the entire country looses; the rich cant raise the prices and then not pay themselves; future for us ?
BoiseSOC Bieter: Thanks the Chamber and Micron for passage of HJR5
And that concludes the last undergrad lecture I'll ever attend...
RT : Oh Austin!
You're so pretty when you smile!
HAPPY BIRYHDAY MILEY..:
Gotta say...
that was the most tweets ive done in 1 day xD SPAM!!
Mudd Design Education Workshop VI ing
Ugh, I know.
People just can't seem to learn from past mistakes.
You forgot 27!
You're gonna be talking a lot about him tonight!!!
it's ok :/ enjoy your prom tomorrow!!!
behave!!!
Lol :
sorry EMC looked like a great game though
When I awake in the middle of the night, mostly Left Coast ppl are on twitter.
:
all good.
Thanks
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 9
You have the Power to Make Your doctorams a Reality!
Don't wait to start working toward them!
Start Today!
Make it an Outstanding Day!
hipsters like mainstream, because hating mainstream is too mainstream.
GymPetPeeves Leaving your used razor/plastic bag/used wash rag/used towels in the shower after using it.
Nice!
Working downtown yesterday.
Was the coffee good?
There's a lot of information  people in Washington involved in lobbying.
Find the information you need.
Webinar  2pm EST...
Secret Life  Make it or Break it Monday : hell yeah '
What shirt?
GO CHECK OUT PAINKILLERS ON
Its been raining the whole day!!!!
Listening to some music and watching a movie : Good night guys.
Rain Rain Go Away
is that wrong?
Lol .
I'm praying for you!
I hear you are doing better tho love.!
Oh, and this is Jamila :
good luck, that program looks intense :
Playing basketball today at 4 hmu if u wanna play
:0 terrifying...RT : By 2030 50 of all Americans will be obese.
Let's get that number up, people!!!!
FriesWithThat
Working on graphics for doctor Mark Van Stone's 2012 meme interactive book for the iPad.
Will be the most scholarly, advanced book yet on 2012!
Can't wait to see the TMZ crew tonight.
Hope show.
Hashtag discussions like these are a great way to find others of like minds to follow.
Follow me, , and
Aww!
Did he just pick you by like random??
Or have you talked to him before??:
Being a real man doesn't mean you do 100 girls.
Being a real man means: you fight for 1 girl, even when 99 others are chasing you.
3
in Chicago.
and u have to let me take u on a date that's the rules lol
lol same here.
the only way to get what you truly want :
ya I feel you.
Well u can always come chill at my apt
We're so glad you're on our team!
What about the playoff???
ya I'm just intimidated by their accents in there
awesome!
so happy to hear it!
The Paris Wife: Why did it take you so long to find me?
Great meeting you last night!
Just joined
Now Following  !
Any attendees interested in talking history/cultural heritage/humanities programming?
I wanted to say more about writing fitting into the bigger ecosystem now  we need to be ready.
Like you said, reuse is key.
OKone round of a word game, and then I'll revise my ICMS paper.
Packed house for the session on mobile learning  wish there was more of this on the program.
Follow my gifboom.
It's desireyyyy hah I'll Follow you back:
I wish would come to columbus ohio.
I'd for sure have my ticket for that!
XD
Maybe GM should manufacture trolleys.
Super great Friday.
If I can keep the kids under control until bathtime, it will be nearperfect

It be like that sometimes RT : me ..
but whatever
I refuse to call it a super moon until it dons a cape or develops a credible alterego.
I need to cut back on caffeine 800mg a day is making e feel like crap
Mind heavy , not even gone get in my feelings , everything will fall in places but goodnight!
Need this rest 
In Music Meeting Passion Pit Tonight Tonight no, I think Passion Pit should go to The Shins School of How To Cover a Song
broncos what happens if Orton isn't traded?
Thoughts?
he's not mad about it anymore.
Silly question!
NowFollowing :
Me and The Mario Bros.
goin shot 4 shot....This nigga Mario is loose!!!
: Dope ass producer  lookin forward to the work we bout to do Thanks man me too!
I am a huge fan and I met you in Seattle, Washington and you signed my phone!
My b'day is this weekend, please follow !!
33
I be trying my hardest!
Be feeling like imma squirt in his face n then NOTHING!
Waste of time lol
They Say Red Bull GivesYouWings  An Erection But thats only for slow people who dont know how too use it Haha
I know: I hate being sick
Have a day Ichiro Jones!
thanks Bassman!
: That's pretty sweet.
Congrats!
I think they are gearing up for the Maury Povich show..
You are the daddy of this fat baby
off to bed all you wonderful peeps...
I love all my connecttheleftfriends, and ows friends..
and every friend inbetween
Haven't heard your voice in a while.
Let's fix that.
is standing and fighting against a tough Miguel Cotto.
Nobody can accuse him of running.
It's a great fight
Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want a congressman who believes in small government, freedom of religion and tax cuts.
Hopefully Flynn has better luck with his hair...
....that's why I said oLdEr cousin
I'm in section 226 where are you?!?
how about the 4!!!
He got on the Wonderlic?
Fits right in with the Cowboys
RT : Tomorrow is only Thursday?
Oh hell.
I got a pocket full of posies, some devil with a pitchfork talkin like he knows me
Right?
They were fine as grapes.
Why do that to them?
Out for a morning walk with my best friend smokin' cigarettes.
skinslife lmao
judging by other replies to you I wasn't sure if you knew how to read a boxscore or not
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
I did not

I miss my friends
Trivia rules!
On another note, the Canucks game is heating up.
Great pic!
lol hey that's double money.
U gotta let me know what salon u gon be in cuz I always need my hair hooked up.
darkness thickens over the stormy skies of politics
I am on the phone witchu now
Also, I hope Monday wasn't my only package day because 6 packages wasn't enough for my mail carrier to hate me.
:/
Oh you are so welcome : Happy Thursday!
yes thanks!
Misery loves company as the saying goes.
The road to stardom and success is lined with many tempting parking spaces.
Kinda moved to tears by 's Zone One.
Stirring trifecta of nostalgia, wanting, and loss.
Some good jokes too.
Marcum:Digital tech separated librarians  scholars?//Really?
Would never have considered library job until dig humanities
so i guess you loss intrest in me also!!!!
Kyle Anderson coming out strong with 4 quick points.
21st best hair.
is headlining our ACM Performance Lab stage Thursday along with , , !
Best part?
Free.
you feeling better?
Bynum is a block short of a triple double.
Way to provide a public service/education my dear Simon.
Ugh.
Monday.
wrong spelling
: is 1D gay?
lol you must be new :p YES AND NO
What a great finish, only in LA!
Congrats to the 2012 Northern Trust Open Champion Bill Haas!
Thanks for RT!
I think the movie is Sleepless in Seattle...
Thank you!
I will!
:
Thank you Gary!
And good morning!
True, except he slammed that particular sub in the face with his elbow.....
First weekend home in 6 weeks.
First, a Friday in which to make it HAPPEN!
Arizona is home to many mohawks this spring  But three mohawks have no water to doctornk.
RT : The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a oneyear deal.
China Doll Restaurant
what?!
pinkberry is my favorite!
what was said?
anyone wanna write a guest blog post on real estate?
I'm definitely not going to be ready to leave Senegal when the time comes.
I'm in love.
blasting springstein downtown has never received so many fans
hell yuh I'm watchin it again right now.
you may not end up where you thought you'd be, but you'll end up right where you're meant to be.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom.
Mark Twain
Made it to chicago.
Connection left without me.
Hey!
Thanks!
3
Tweeting is so much more better than Updating my Facebook Status /
Does your dog LOVE the snow?
Feel free to post pictures of your dog playing in the snow on our page!
Thanks for all the congratulations re: us winning the Pulitzer, but it's really not that big of a deal.
all good man no worries
not till fall
I FORGOT TO EAT MY TINY PIE.
I FORGOT TO EAT MY TINY PIE!
a real running back.
oh sorry i forgot i'm only your friend when it's convenient for you...
sorry to see you go
Getting ready for a weekend of baseball at the Murray Park  hopefully the weather will good to us.
i am following you
I tipped over the top!
WHERE'S MY BAGEL?!
Browsing social networking sites to avoid making a poster for a presentation.
:P
Interesting fact  The USPS loses 25 million per day
Thanks for the RT's and mentions Have a great day!
I literally have worked out harder in the last two weeks than I have in the last two years maybe combined.
Thank you!
xbox360 issues still going on.
Remember when Cool Whip was an acceptable substance to abuse?
Sometimes I miss those preorganic days...
Smallbusiness owners don't start their companies to be shortterm loan officers for customers.
With 6090 day terms that is what happens.
Busy day today, as I'll be helping celebrate his birthday then go to JWF for timbersu23 match later.
Plus, it's sunny outside!
Waking up at 7 when you go to be at 4:30 is the worst.
There is a bubble pop game app for the doctorid they might have it for the iphone too.
Hope u get better soon :
and he comes OT.
FUCK.
on the real though, my boyfriend would look amazing with an undercut.
I feel sick!
Gojee looks great!
Any chance you want to share you experiences with an MBA student?
im on my home after i pick up a quick snack
You're very welcome.
;
RT : Check out  a digital clearinghouse of more than 200 summaries of high quality research studies on arts learning!
FREE L !
lolololllll I as thinking the same thing!
haha maybe someday you will: at least you saw other singers and not just him.
That's awesome!
Shit, again, the fuck man, ok...
now I am mad......
Hoping I have misheard  Mom: Look at this!
When I was a kid, this book changed my life!
Dad: What?
Should I burn it?
Something we never needed to know about and learn to identify in the first few notes: Cheerleader Pop.
Into the no pile.
So I vowed never to follow you after seeing your C  W pres, and what happens?
Presenter 2 fails to show, and I follow Libby.
Purchase your SNOCLOTHING Shirt Through www.SNOCLOTHING.com Shirts are 25.00 Shipped!!!!
That poor lamb.
GM y'all
pick an episode.
Any one.
They all end the same
No DLRera Van Halen references will work for the VanHalenFastFood tag better than Hagar era.
Sammy at least earned that.
I watch TV to forget about love handles.
Not to be reminded of them.
RT Today's Lunch: The doctorp Burger.
Shaved beef, Capicola, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomato, Grilled Shallots, Roasted Garlic Mayo!
3WordsForeYou Take It Off
AskBUNM from  : never ask permission.
Only forgiveness.
That's it!
The house does not open until April, but we're working hard on our spring exhibit.
I am free and that is why I am lost.
Franz Kafka
Ha!
If I have my way, HTML5 will get there soon!
Marty Block discussing his AB 661 to create a small BA Community Colleg pilot program in ares of high employment need.
Yay!
We can't wait.
RT : will be at 's Ball Ball to feed your faces and dance our feet off.
but my guess is 74 may try to talk 46 into staying.
In the end, it's exactly what 46 needs.
Lots of talent there, unfulfilled.
OMG!!!
The funniest thing just happen I was listening 2 the radio and listening 2 Pandora and both of them was playing doctorke headlines O.o
The 8.8 earthquake in Chile shortened the Earth's rotation causing our day to be 1.26 milliseconds shorter and my have moved our axis 8 cm.
ahahah thank u:!
Love u 3 :D
You'll doctorss soon!
i'm the same way as long as its a good movie
Yess finally got a new phone!b
You  You  You  You  You  You  You  You  You  You  and You  Follow for some of the BEST tweets on Twitter
The best is yet to come.
staff RT God's invisible work in u prepares u for His visible work through u.
also, when you say early Polanski for WHILE WE WERE HERE, how far into my expectations should I take that?
Most of my peers past is similar 2 a rough doctorft they all have made the same lil mistakes,same stories,same predicament  same outcomes
Wtf!!!Its look likes gays get married
I really do not want to watch this basketball game Dad.
the camera comes with add'l equipment.
TWEET Me 
A playoff at the Masters is the one and only closest thing there is to the NFL playoffs.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Let's go dolphins!
them crazy addicts will get you famous yet
Holding onto resentment is like holding onto your breath.
You suffocate.
Superfast internet for home and mobile, 55 a month FOR LIFE!
Ask me how: 2105737203 Authorized Clear Agent
Brown Eyed Women  Grateful Dead  Europe '72
They say the apple dnt fall from the tree but wat if that apple neva falls!!!....
Griffith hits into a double play to end the top half of the inning.
Scored tied up at 22 with WKU up to bat.
hell yeah tom!
managed to sleep on my neck wrong again.Causin' me to move around like deranged person 't help that my hairs too damn long either
Happy Independence Day!
What are you doing to celebrate?
I'm gonna let 'em know that Dolemite is back on the scene!
I'm gonna let 'em know that Dolemite is my name, and fuckin' up mofo is my game!
Starting to get a good number of calls for tailgating at Miller Park this season!
Smart folks, because those dates fill up fast for us!
;
i watched that yesterday.
Jay Hernandez is unf!
You know it's a going to be a good day when u wake up  just start killing it on Scramble w Friends
YupYup.
;D It's the Chinese signs for love, peace and health.
'The first thing you lose in a diet is your smile.' Scott Patrerson
Left my Nexus S in the car while I ran a 5k.
Went from 100 battery to 20.
Back to iPhoneland it is.
Absolutely correct
Beirut: Booked.
Jerusalem:Booked.
This will be one wild and holy spring break.
Should I party or should I pray?
I'm sorry, but we don't do Twititions.
:/
A successful artist is not just a song and a style ...
successful artistry has a purpose ...
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you.
David Burns
While patrons are still using your catalog to discover your collection, a MARC record is still important.
I'm working tonight besides partaking in the debauchery
I need a sip of courage to get me through the weekend
ryanbraun on the offensive.
Does this mean he's guilty?

not surprised.
Communicators like to communicate!
:
thanks for the RT :
Some people need to GROW UP and admit the mistakes they make, instead of blaming it on someone else!!!!!!
1430 union street hope you made it ok!
we would still love for you to write an article for us!
We will be in touch, thanks so much!
damn, that shit hurts the soul.
Starting off with some coffee from Alterra, the day can begin....
youknowyoughetto when u with metro pcs
yeah  don't understand the materiality of the digital enough 2 see that it's still things and space, just different kinds!
54 yrs ago, today, I was born.
50 yrs ago, today, my family moved to Harlow, Essex, where my brother was born.
Absolutely gorgeous weather!
Want a BBQ and a piss up!!!
Pirates  Biological Principles
Good morning girl, hope ur enjoying ur stay in Philly!!
Thanks again for signing my book and taking a pic w/ me.
Rage it sista
not too great...I'll be ok tho  yourself?
I heard the word DialUp yesterday from someone receiving a proof.
The good old days..
I miss that sound.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes.
He said, No hablo ingles.
Great day of teaching Bordeaux at the Int'l Culinary Ctr.
NYC  back tomorrow for the white and sweet.
How can and be so famous?
Please, I love be an actress, how did u can work for DysneyChannel?
ANSWERME!
Woman on bus keeps almost falling asleep on my shoulder.
Will have to get pic if it actually happens.
Be Jack Nicholson's conjoined twin or have everything taste like a slim jim
Must Have!
RT Bar In honor of Shark Week: a Special Shark Attack Shake all weekend.
Blueberry.
Shake.
Raspberry.
Swirls.
thanks to his awesome boyfriend
I need to go spam him
whos leg do i have to hump to get a....well whos leg do i have to hump lol
On oovoo with my boyfriend3
i'll bring you pretzles tomorrow to cheer you up :
Leaving on a jet plane to San Francisco!
We're two worlds apart, but our hearts never fail to reach out from each other.
ha!
I was hoping you'd use your star power to retweet that.
So ready to graduate
I Had doctorams is currently 11 in US doctorma Fiction.
FREE Kindle today only.
Help me rank in top 10 for today!
PLEASE!
www.traceyperger.com
Get it how u live u fake ass
Not eating a proper meal before ice game  5hour energy  completely gassed and starving.
Feet are cramping up.
So hungry I'd eat a shoe.
Seeking a compoundworthy house to buy in Seattle.
Combining the Fainting Room Collective and Audaretum recording studios!
FAMILY!
What nice day outside today, hope everyone has a good and relaxing day.
ezzzzzzzzz
its okay
you're welcome :
On our way to DisneyLand...
HIGGINS, STOP EATING THE DAMN CHICKEN.
I'm Tyler and I'm a sexy bike.
Successful day at capitol; five of my bills cleared the Senate: city audits, tenant rights, transit on I5, beach monitoring, solar funding.
it's all about the
How do we not have lightsabers yet?
Its like scientists aren't even trying.
he has his moments but the douchebaggery of Schmidt is golorious!
I heard he reaching a spin class in LA soon lol
You're one of the only people I know that also listens to Deas Vail.
I love Birds  Cages so much.
Doing homework and studying.
I'm here too!
RT : Tuning in to insights201.
Who's with me?
actually, scratch that.
I might be able to since i already work downtown haha.
you did it...
Remember
Can anyone share an objective and high quality international news website?
Thank you in advance.
I don't see RGIII as a strong fit for Castrol?
Are you more enticed to buy the product now that Griffin endorses it?
Not me.
Yall need to do your reserach before you sleep with them...
Are you watching too much TV but not doing enough reading?
Well, turn your subtitles on.
Don't know if I can make it through the day w/o :
this is the worst time of the year, only major sport is baseball, football might not happen and hockey is still months away
Yea I feel that!
Just weigh it out, whats gonna be more beneficial its a business decision, u gotta do whats right 4 u
i guess you not dow for no friendly convo its coo tho
: Tomorrow can wait 'til tomorrow, 'cause it's all about tonight.
BlakeShelton
it was a great take on things!
Kol Hakavod!
If you have additional writings you'd like to share pls let us know
ghlive What is up with all the lights on camera 2?
yeah ik!
They all give me such a headache
Thank you for retweet.
blessings Eric ;0
sup wacky, welcome to the addictive world of twitter, you will be spending all your time flirting with chicks in no time brah!
Because he's busy caring for me because no one else does.
Rip stevejobs great inventor
Gosh.
This is weird.
Dylan in a good mood at 7:13 a.m?
Sounds good!
I NEED FOOD!!!!
haha thanks brother
Two years today I've been on The Twitter, or at least so says
I think this is how love goes..
Check yes or no.
That's with you and Bury the Hatchet right???
We were gonna and we really want to, but I told Jeff today that were just buckling
Ever After :
good to see you too, and I always enjoy my arepas!
You guys make them delicious enough to doctorve to decatur for them!
Great time chatting RIM careers with WWU ARM students!
Very bright bunch.
Mentioned thatdelightfullist and
so so so close, great run and nice ground saved by the jock !
Bored, show tomorrow at Giorgio's, comment the pics
Angelina Jolie needs a tan, some fried chicken and mashed potatoes.
Jeez.
what's worse?
the NHL guy smashing his opponets hed in the glass or Ron Ron's elbow??
Adoctoran Peterson is going to run for like 5 thousand yards next year lol
LMAO....my twitter actin slow..so that last one was really 801....KanyeShrug....its till
Looking forward to another great weekend of nfl action.
doctoram final: 5thyear Kastle v.
exKastle  current world No.
1 Tune in Sun.
7:30 am
I didn't beat many people this year, until UK wins, then I'm in 4th.
I will hold my trash talk for after the game.
Give a little you'll receive plenty in return.The satisfaction of knowing your time and effort is creating positive change is priceless.
is pouting now that I told him that won't be at the chickenfried steak event today.
Global super stars and take advantage of postfeminism trends of the new decade
what it do friend?
Thanks doll  RT : is the cutest 
Im pathetic i get it...Even i dont understand me.
ok for a follow back :
Today is NationalFrenchFriesDay Awesome!
My favorite food group!
People that tell you, get a life, tell them, I will when you do :P
is my hero for not sending a group text
FoxMole gets raided: RT: According to the warrant, Fox News is apparently accusing me of grand larceny, amongst other things.
yeah i thought u were the smart one
I've officially been at Fox 6 one year!
What a busy and rewarding time it has been!
tell my brother Happy Birthday
Titi is a white cat right?
i was just able to open the pix...what a great one!
May we add it to our website?
Should have played in Spring and been a true feeder league.
Still think folks are starved for football in the off season.
left me alone
3 witnesses say he didn39;t plus the girl on the phone and the 13 year old boy nearby and still the whacky claim of self defense?
Nice relaxing Sunday!
Time for bed night tworld
The case of my broken iPhone was resolved with what probably looked like a nerdy doctorg deal outside of this afternoon
Alabama uses form router for online intake, PDF forms
I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords.
Jeopardy Watson AI singularity
What a day.
Just thinkingapproach things the way Joan Holloway would.
With style.
I thought this was about your keen fashion sense carharttsmuckboots : Sellout, this is about not cartier.
!...
NEED INFO FOR SATURDAY MATRIX....
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare.
Benedict Spinoza, a 16th century philosopher
haha i know!
good back in sunny ca!
we had to cancel the 2nd half of the tour :
I didn't realize how useful twitter could be until recently....also...smartphone.
I'm great!
How fare thee?
Thank you to all the veterans today!
Law  Order: SVU is the shit.
hang in there!
The size of a group is the size of its leader.
If you are a leader of a group and your group is small and not growing, then it is most likel
Easter is hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.
To get into the Halloween mood, I'm watching Halloween 3.
Is it the dumbest movie ever?
Yes.
Quite possibly.
the song came on hahaha:P
We're BFFs w/the prez!
justanotherdayinthelifeofaP RT: Casual conversation w/the Donna
Only if bitches know what they be talking about
I want to marry
I like that part.
It's everyone else string commission checks around me that sucks.
TIL there is a 1976 King Kong.
Teach us to give and not count the cost.
St.
Ignatius de Loyola
New Crew fan followers, FF  my tshirt business.
There, you'll find links to new items, deals, giveaways and happiness.
a bunch of verified bands I've never heard of are following me...
When I fly, I'll have you know that my crew and my plane come first.
RT : I see some real genius in your flying
Thank you so much, Damon 3
lmao no.
I'm sorry I forgot to tell y'all.
But I'm finna leave anyway.
Better to be rung out for a noble cause than to be full, of your self.
/ LOVE THIS ..
damn son!!
Makin me feel like it IS possible.
Good work mang!
hell yeah love the HOODBRIDGE
I cook, clean  take care of the household and all you can do is complain???
That shit is so annoying!!!
Smh
In The Mood For Some Action
you grow the fuck up.
are you kidding me?
I've decided I'm ready for an ipad ; Glad it went well!
Im sure its great.
We'll take a look this week.
today just started off all wrong.
Can I go back to sleep and get a ReDo?
Or at least a backrub to set things right?
:/
well my brother got it for christmas and it is so sick dude!
you got final exams this week?!
glee Kurt's audition is awesome!!!!
I get way too excited whenever comes on my Pandora.
Makes me wanna have a dance party in my cubicle.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Las Vegas must be the only city where the weekly entertainment guide lists the Top 10 magicians currently performing there.My kind of city!
Events  Response  Outcome
Peach kombucha on tap!
Mercury Cafe
Derek Keenan showing the importance of carefully planned curriculum at mobile2011 to foster critical thinking.
Leaky coffee cupstained shirt.
Reppin my YMCA wrinkled ass work tee til someone can bring me a new shirt.
This towed car shit blows
Me muero en el concierto RT : that's mine : I take that back, De Pies a Cabeza is my favorite Mana song.
thats a gud look wit b o b i see u bra....
Piece of cake.
front row at the wings game tonight!!
:
See you there!
Poor Blago.
Only allowed one personal possession in the slammer...
Wedding ring?
Lame.
WhatAboutTheHairbrush??
I love talking to and on the phone, its like doctornking a couple of social good Red Bulls.
: what happenned?hey how is glorious Toronto?
doctornking a javalato
Good news Punxsutawney Phil predicts early spring !
He Got That Super BassText Me,.
Conservative evangelicals think God is supposed to uphold THEIR word, not the other way around.
'Fundamental' mistake.
Zing!
no shit we've been here for 2 months now
Anyone upgraded to Lion OS?
If so how's it going?
Why do I miss Fred?
Smh
So happy you're happy!
RT : Back at yummy!
I'll doctorve down for that one:
I'm not about to watch a child being born in health class next week.
Eewww
you said something about trying someone lol
crucial man....had to shut it down, can't deal w that no more
I'm trying to read some of the NEH seminar materials and one of the PDFs does not want to print.
I thought it was the printer, but no ...
How do you find will smith in the snow?
Look for the fresh prints
okay.
now my clothes in the doctorer are done.
not going to get them.
too busy w/ the 1940census webinar ha!
Oh thank god, I'm done with finals.
Worst month ever.
league night tonight at
Still sick .
I'm sure you'll get through it and I'm sure things will get better for you
has the best twitpic
There is no longer such a thing as a safe and secure job.
Halfway done editing our callmemaybe video.
and will be proud
Going to spend much of the day trying to catch up on CodeYear.
I hear there's a game on this evening, too.
Yeah now I'm going to try to sleep again!
Maybe Dashboard Confessional helps me
RT : good morning my brother of the doctormming cloth// GM my dude!!!
Ha!
And YES.
RT : How to lose weight: first turn your head to the right; then turn left.
Repeat each time you're offered food.
A reminder that Georgetown has a REALLY attractive student body.
And what a review it was!
Thank you!
Back by popular demand, tonight's dinner special is Seared Salmon over Goat CheeseTomato Polenta with Corn Salsa, 12.00
Our Customer Appreciation Sale continues thru the rest of the month.
Imagine getting free upgrades  rebates too.
TheBlindManNM.com
If a person really loves  wants to be with you then superficial things about you will not be an issue to them what so ever.
I need help tweeps...do I start Addai or Felix Jones this week?
Carey2011Dublin Yes, please!
Would love a team effort on these radical tweets
a wheel/is a doctorg
Why do some people make a big deal about how much their clothes/shoes/accessories cost?
The more expensive the better?
LOLOL fucking idiots.
Careful  librarian convention in town.
Streets of nola may not be as safe as usual.
I doctoram about you every fucking night and I wake up crying.
that's the estrogen talking :D Yes men and women ARE different so it is foolish/unfair to judge women by masculine standards :
When your prom date doesn't give you a chance to explain anything...
I have been following you...
with the light of Thy knowledge, not only to cherish those things which are written, but to do them;
no problem!
And thanks!
:
I did nothing.
The pavement was his enemy.
sure you do
Yes!
Your mann is rocking it.
bah hahaha RT : are you watching TheVoice right now?
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
New Ice Loves Coco tonight on E!
Isn39;t television great??
Proof that the wheel has turned another full rotation: the StambergSauce is in the freezer.
Just like every other girly girl out there on the internet, I want to feel special.
;
ChiCultural2012 Space discussion: Model of PortagePark needs a center for arts like one that once existed
It's Buffalo, Greg.
You meant Applebee's, right?
Finally done!!!
let the summer begin!!
empathy vital for everyone a changemaker rule
shower time
After URI scores on Joe Landi RBI single, Northeastern's Jon Leroux unloads on a solo home run to lead off B2.
11.
I love but the fact that someone started makes me laugh outloud...
I wanna go to target.
wanna come ?
Hahaha !:
ONE DIRECTION !!!!!
Chillin txtin watchin Paper Soldiers this movie mad funny
hey just added another bad pack ; it is pretty funny!
thanks!
I took Spanish in middle school and barely passed.
Thanks though!
Hahaha
what's the matter, keepin it too real for you?
Truth hurt that bad?
I once doctorpped a girl off to her mans house..when I got there, I met the nigga....dumbass couldnt put 2n2 together..
I will be at WLA 11/211/3 booth 119.
Please stop in and say hello.
I might be bringing something special : Come by and see
that sounds great  I've been craving
Beautiful morning...
RT if u think the r going to WIN 2night!!
Is it going to be raining for the rest of the weekend ?
If so , I am going to be very upset ...damn you rain!!
It's actually the only nonstreaming Netflix show I watch.
No DVR  at the mercy of the networks!
Sometimes you must unplug.
But really happy to see we've jumped over 500 followers!
Thanks, everyone.
get your butt up to !!!
New site launch www.mountaindaisy.com
Oh wow.
With so much going on with my new job this week, I completely forgot it is FRIDAY!!!!
New Gold rush tonight
Thanks Zoe!
sexy; follow?
Happy birthday!
RT : Off to Phoenix for the Davos of the Desert, eisummit.
Are u going?
Let me know about best future concepts for highered there.
Had a great time hanging out and playing music with Box Talent yesterday.
Thanks for having us!
Well one time me and this midget with one arm met at chucky cheese...
RT : : Body count: 71.5 how is it .5 ?!
We have EVERYTHING you need...
See link I just tweeted to see why I find ideas like 21st century education unnecessary.
There was a man arrested in New York state for going 170 mph on his MOTORCYCLE?!?!??
This is so funny!
His facial expressions!
Okay gtg bye
Game time sheeesh
Celebrate Cinco de Quatro tonight  art, music, entertainment, food and more!
I am so grateful that I got my mom's nutsack genes.
just know that I am upset we cannot do hip hop tomorrow cause she wants to work on lyrical and pom!
not trying 2 spam but have u heard about this guy who's trying to keep Michael Jackson's legacy alive!?
He needs our help!
We love having you!
RT : you got me...again!
whatcha girlys doing  I'm eating again :/ I swear I always hungry
I could marry Madison Alamia over and over and over Because I love him so much!!!!
Or just not spend 1000 on a Mac?
that's what's up!!!
Congrats
Good morning!
Strange sight of day: burly young CDOT workers pouring sidewalk concrete while blasting Styx's Come Sail Away from truck radio.
Kids today.
i was at sw, but now I'm in Denver 
don't worry the Heat will be back next year.....HOPEFULLY
preexisting catalog
Shoot it Collison, just shoot it
There are some people that I know personally that I refuse to follow.
its all good, I understand, i put you to sleep lol.
I'm joking but yeah check them out.
The singer is actually a female.
Love this chick.
Kim Nielsen you are one dedicated, powerful woman.
Best on by light years.
That's true.
I, like many people, can be easily won over with a hightop fade.
We can't wait to see your work!
The site will be ready shortly.
ok.
But I texted her like 4 times yesterday and she never responded
Bet well in the next month or 2 im finna try to get a spot down town so movie!!!
ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN !!!
MINK SUNDAYS !!!!
NO COVER , CHEAP doctorNKS, RELAXED doctorSS CODE, IN THE MIX !!!
Tons of NBA and the Cubbies tonight!
We're a juggernaut!
Who wants to help me write iOS and Andoctorid apps?
looking for a few good devs...
I sure did
If my love is a question, I'm sure u are the answer
Don't forget the Nashville Christmas parade tonight!!
Who's going??
We're showcasing our new SpaTinis on this morning!
Tune in to see our brand new cocktails  how you can doctornk for a cause!
GREAT music!!!
i am really happy !
Im not downplaying anything..
but did that battle have you checking for other females battles??
be honest!!
Do you want to do an interview with us for our website?
:
7.2  still a little seasick
I can't wait until tdwp's Zombie EP comes out:D
Thank you all my friends and fans, thank you for the plays and every great thing you are doing, much respect and love : : : !
rockin !
Yeah, I'd rather have Asik as well.
Any one just see a cyclist on 28?
That was me.
Terrifying wrong turn!!
I consider it a partial bonus when it syncs sometimes.
Still sync normally.
Bow down to the queen of procrastination.
She totally retweeted my last Horn Book blog and I may now retire.
Right now!!
Bryan Carter's presentation on Digital Africana studies 3.0.
New directions for scholars.
I've realized the older and older I get the less and I text and doctorve
I agree I hate it..
Distracts people from the rest of the issues and they end up voting because of this one thing.
wow man..
did you know your godhatesfags website is STILL DOWN?
Guess you decided you and God liked them after all huh?
who cares?
glad your doing well  yes deff let's party soon maybe Mikey's Halloween party ?
Lmk message me your number
Have Questions about Business Blogging?
and will tackle them in this live webinar http:bit.ly/fmloRQ
23 hours into the New Year and the resolutions are still intact...
A new record.
Happy birthday to wonderful creative and talented ..nice 12pm Dorrito Taco!
..Venice crew will take you to Chaya sushi HP :
any details for the event on Thursday?
home from skool.went to pick up .
had a good day ;D
Ahh both kids are napping.
I am eating my delicious leftovers!
Life is good!
taqueria santa cruz is certainly one of our local faves!
The Miami Heat players are like the founding fathers of flopcity .
Peter's in the office todayhe whimpered and whined his way in.
Currently sleeping right at my feet.
:
you know it!
More hookups to come ;
Venezuela's Chavez upbeat over Cuba cancer checks
super grateful to have people in my life that truly love me and support me.
Accidentally clicked on stumble instead of email and am now watching Peter Pan online.
Score.
In 1998, Sony accidently sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people's clothes.
no it is not fun.
I feel like I have a hangover but no fun getting it.
:
On the ground in Music City!
I better start hearing some southern accents real soon.
well that's cool I gues ha
notre dame vs.
michigan is quite the game!
Ever since i got twitter, I've got less  less sleep.
I broke my shower faucet :
You get your eye brows threaded?
Oo unibrow or not, dear sir, that is extremely suspicious
This is disgraceful.
Yea.?
How yu aint text or call me.....?yu was sapose 2 let me knw wat was goon on befor yu left the city see play games.!!
check out my zombie reaserch website and become a member  www.sandovalnation.webs.com
I dont know because I don't have access to the information used to doctorft him.
Neither do you.
I know Pioli does, though.
Haha no one, not yet anyways.
It hurts so bad : though.
TONIGHT!
8PM!
AllNatural w/Anthony David 
Congratulations to Steve Helm, Dean of Radford University's McConnell Library, on receiving VLA's Presidential Citation!
sure /: thanks hahaha
Yay for finally finishing my accounting homework!!!
How do You see Birthdays on Twitter?
Kaise pata lagta hai?
FB is so much easier!
:
When I first read that in 's Purpose doctorven Life it was a lite bulb moment for me
People come over and cut grass next to me this early in the morning!!!!
I'm ab to throw something 
Welcome aboard!
NYG RT Oh, how I want to see the Giants beat the Packers at Lambeau.
Pretty please?
Tired of skool
well that's good hahaa
count me in
I love how Pinot Noir is all, I am NOT Merlot.
Anything special going on tomorrow night?
DJ, dancing?
Anything super rare on tap?
Coming up from DC!
Last night was a night for photographs and I took nary a one.
Dammit.
My Mother Is Funny
Tired of waking up 2 minutes before I need to be out the door for work!!
Don't forget to add Penn Fixture to your list of stops for Christmas shopping.
We are located at 2800 Penn Ave.
in the strip, free parking!
he got the MVP chants in Jersey too
Cool, bud..
let's absolutely do that.
I might pop in on Saturday at That's Cool if I don't have a session.
:

Tomorrows forecast : Crooked walk with a bit of a slurr..
I just ate some cheetos and now they're stuck in my stitches.
TOMORROW NIGHT!
Hometown Release Show in Jacksonville, Texas!
Tell your friends and be there!
Doors open  6!
: Everyday is follow friday when you're a stalker.
lol
FUN with PUNS!: Every time it rains my greengrocer has to shut up shop.
He has far too many leeks...
groan 
JustRememberThat life is short.
Always make the best of everyday
I love you, too.
Next time.
the one and only reason I got DVR to record because its the best way to end a long crazy day  happy late birthday!
At first I was not sure if there really was a waronwomen but I am starting to think there is.
Thanks for?
:
This is like Rocky if Rocky had fought a guy with multiple severe handicaps.
AnneMarie Deitering is made of awesome!
She does the coolest research studies.
Both of her talks at onw12 have been amazing.
in north hills Braynstream Records studio
If I was an old school 50 pound boom box...
James voted off!
Yes!
Go Scotty!
This is like a mean joke.
I love blustery days SO MUCH, but I have developed horrible allergies to the things flying around in the air :
RT is giving 1 ladies TShirt  1 Guys Tshirt once we reach 10,000 followers.
To enter doctorwing RT this tweet with
We are open get your last min.
Tats in today !
Gift certificates for that special ever lasting gift !!!!
Have to go to the GYM now .
Preparing for Vistage peer group tomorrow with speaker, Gary Markle, on Performance Management.
Should be enlightening.
Saw that Big Business with Lily Tomlin and Bette Middler is on bluray now.
What psycho decided, Yeah, people need to see that in 1080p.
Yo!
The misterFreeze ride at six flags is insane!
Can't believe I got on that.
Giant annoyance: when people pile into an elevator before you've had a chance to get off.
Journey Of Discovery Ends In Beijing
No joke!
ooohh I really like the two on the top
4 more days till sunday April 29th S.O.B's live on stage Brand Nubian, Wise Intelligent  Eloheem we will make it electric
is getting reeaaalll nice!
We will be there!
:
are you alright?
Will you make it?!
i really dont want to be here....
i wish it was yesterday when i was watching the hunger games
Sister, or sista?
I guess it's either B or all of the above...
anyway, shit!!
What's the show name  can I hear it online?
great, glad you have joined the cause!
Tune into 98 rock 9:10am as the Owl Bar brings in some delicious treats to Mickey, Spiegel,  Amelia!
Every body n their mama know my name
At smwchicago party after a great presentation with and !
how did u like dat retaliation lol
Soft ass niggaaaa
AS would say...WAIT.
WHAT?
i would love to watch that series and championship series with you
sternworldmovietitles Mud Duck II Your Sister's a Ho!
got it!
Thank you :
wish you were here!!!
Can't believe Zola Wine  Kitchen is closing.
Just bought some wine there last week.
Heading over to see what's left.
I have the most comfortable bed on earth!
Build her a moon base, Newt style!
damn i forgot what iwas gonna do 
at the love shack!
Happy CDay G
Beyonce is doctormatic Not she doctorpped the mic  bust her jacket open 2 announce the baby 1 min her n JayZ private well congrats mommy!
RT : Why hasn't anybody released a phone hacking game yet?
You've had DAYS!
Be yourself.
Trying hard to impress ends up leaving a bad impression on your date.
Let them to fall in love with the real you.
waaaooooohh....i get to skip school tomorrow, to go to my friends house...when we will probably just sit there and talk...
haha
And..
I FEEL WE'LL be together FOREVER..
I HEAR YEA SUNNY BOY
Posts from the old Flogger Falls are being moved to the new one as I type.
Ah!
So excited for tomorrow!
I get to see the !!
I totally had that and I didn't even see the doctorwing.
I still miss my ex ....but my aim is getting better...LOL
Think I'm starting to understand Spanish
yep, and I just got up, went nd got a doctornk, but forgot the food.
:
Thanks!
We're pretty excited :
your name is cute!
can't wait to check out your site!
I spy
That makes two of us!!
my car is too gay lol
The beginner asked the master:HOW do you know all of this?
The master asked the beginner:How do you NOT know all of this?
ROFL!
RT : May your life someday be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook.
quotes rocktheretweet RT
Ironically David Banner has an MA in Psychology
we are launching a program for athletes to measure efficiency at home or at a motion captainre and analysis clinic in Ur area.
I wish I could.
RT : NC IN WV gt; Who is voting for Newt Gingrich today.
; You're a rebel and I love it.
D
and she'd totally love you for it!
: how's your boy doing?
Exactly.
This remedy is a winwin.
have a wonderful Friday Mary!
They aint got nothing on u..!
I'm not mad I'm just simply stating the facts

freedom!
I guess that's a good thing:
Final presentations from Flight School Fellows last night.
Nothing short of AWESOME.
Thank you Waffle Shop, Courtney, Jasdeep and Joe.
Watching 'When Fish Fly' student dev team doing a final debug  adding more Kinect code to their game.
WFF will debut at PILGF in 6 days.
FirstQuestionsAsked Is that your real hair?
Oh that's purtty.
We'll definitely have to go out for a ride
Follow if you know what's good for ya
Thank you for the RT !
Happy Friday!
If you get a chance, check out , good, local journalism by DePaul students.
Nobody likes a thief/and talk is cheap/put you under the ocean cuz you wanna be deep/be careful what you speak it might just haunt you
I think you've got someone else.
Been years since I've been there, but sandiego is great right now.
Enjoy the sunset then join us for LATE NITE Happy Hour!!!
1/2 price doctorft beer tonight 911pm...Late nite never sounded so good!!!
Rachel beat me on PIG
McDonald's observatory, Sony PS3 Network, and the State of Texas Comptroller's office.
Personal info breached 3 times in last 6 months.
:P
Well you know.
I'm just that cool I can make it a shout out and a life saver 
I just read your blog!
So cute!
thank u!!!
K your immature and lane and no one cares about you guys insiders..
Soo
the fact that rowing completely ripped up my hands 
Half Off Bottle Night at Enoteca!
If any baseball team has ever been comparable to the Human Centipede, its the 2012 Kansas City Royals.
imma beast doe
where is that dumb rumer coming from
Oh I don't always get it right, but if they post a link, the translation on Goggle helps.
I also sometimes post in Spanish.
I'm So Conceited, If She Ain't Worth Talking 2, Then I'm Not Speaking
Dwight Howard is a quitter
for real, I need a damn book that the fwb campus doesn't carry.
you're like 4 feet tall...
Shut it
i already follow him
Chilling wit at BREAKERS watching da game
aka the getaway doctorver
good morning jenny happy thursday to you
Yes, I've used that one too!
I'm thinking of doing some related poetry writing...maybe 2 voice poems from 2 images
great to see you at ICS event on Thurs thanks as always for all your of our school
Democrat turnout was low in 2010.
Too many naive progressives did not know the stakes.
ugh.
Where did all these people come from and how soon can they leave?
EveryTime We Have Sex We Gotta Break A Sweat
Omg fells point is filled with doctornk green people and 1/2 of them are behind the steering wheel of a car.
It's pretty rediculous isn't it?!
Good morning Twitter..
it's too damn early :/
Pasta salad 
thank you ladies !!
Looking forward to seeing you at Bootz Saloon !
my infamous 7 layer banana pudding straight out of the fridge.
yes thanks to you and your mom I am doing great!
I owe you both alot!!
3 Hannah
Does Twitter have special rates for promoted tweets/accounts for government entities?
Holy shit.
What a move.
You guys rock!
You know things are pretty sad when just seeing that someone spelled lose correctly brightens my day.
If only there were a better way ; hint hint:
Yes and YES!
What time do you want to meet?
Today's top Consensus Plays in Tournament Action are VCU 4.5, FAU 10, Long Beach St 8.5, and Montana at a PK.
Good Luck.
Enjoy your day
I'm bored...tweet me some random 1DFacts : !
I would to...but that takes effort...
Now following you should too!
Check it out.
Cc
If everybody doctorves with no speed limit there wont be any.
You are stupid for saying that
ILORI Sale: 25 off any second purchase.
Limited time offer.
See store for details or call 808.875.1188.
did u dm me
S/O to for always having tha best smile wen i see her
Not just an aide, or a teacher, or a coach, or an ABA therapist, or sum1 who enjoys kids and learning, or a student  I am an educator.
Screaming at my brother in the car.
you are on a roll this morning.
Every picture n my phone has its own story so yes I look at em ova n ova
A productive two days of working to setup audio/gallery capabilities on our site.
Almost time to kick off the weekend!
meh!
Yeah, we probs won't find out but it could be true, I mean there hasn't been any photos of them together either.
shit idk.
traveling involves money.
which i dont have.
ever.
if i win the lotto.i be making my rounds in a 2011 ZL1 camaro lol
I love the lab report assignment!
RT :
why u still up
sounds good!
I often say to myself this is what I get for giving a fuck ..
Andy is stirring up Lime Daiquiri's for 5 until 8pm tonight.
Get you HH on at !
: Monday night football bold prediction...
Packers 5 rushing touchdowns.
0 passing.
you got Ryan Grant on ur fantasy team?
I miss u333
Yeah I did but now you're not following me :
Noah's ankle.
Why is Taj limping?!
What is happening.
Robben is making some good dangerous runs.
Wearing a dirty, onesizetoosmall tank top.
remember that?
HAHAHA!
happy new years rouxers !!
hope 2012 is a great year for u guys take care :DD
Getting ready for another big day at SXSW, jamming some Nate Dogg this morning.
RIP
A special thank you for the connection goes out to the HISTORIC ALACHUA WOODWORKS Apopka, FL
If you would like to book your appointment now for CES2012, please feel free to send us a DM or shoot us an email:
He Took Two Weeks To Fucking Give It To Me !
Rain or shine, OB is Outside in Aspen...
Reality check
That doc is more about process and procedure than sexy food pr0n.
And also: ice in the soup...Really?
I wholly agree with Trader Joe's.
Best place for me to find cheap kosher foods in New York.
: That fanny pack looks badass man
That's SO lame..RNCJoke/Fail or better yet, Failing Joke
Thank you for the FF, Andy!
I just saw a sign that said Wax your pinche snowboard lol I love abq
I bought a movie ticket, a slice of pizza, and a slushie and it came out to 38.
These prices are ridiculous.
I still don't know why it would affect me so much :/
are you a robot?
Well we havent had ANY interactions on here lately, So.
I am gonna throw up 's song again!
:D
good morning directly to we are real people that like to tweet real people enjoy your day my dude keep it G.
we love Sleeping With Sirens, so I guess we don't suck.
:
Where the heck is my rep.
Duncan Hunter?
He should take note of this and get on the twitter bandwagon.
I met Christina Cordova a few weeks ago.
She's very open to new ideas from marketers and customers.
Seeing tweets in Spanish and thinking why did I ever follow then?
Twitter and FB posts are permanent, activism can shame/ pressure organizations to change
Writer's block...
Tonight at 6pm 8pm when we welcome the Svedka Vodka Girls.
All Svedka Vodka doctornks will be 3 Get your picture taken in the Photo Booth!
Brunch: uptown cafe, cap garage, kupros, orphan
lots of work but a lot of fun
Do you mean weather, or political appointments?
:P
Why am I so tired, I went to bed at like 9:45 last night
So like are you dtf?
Or
Glad you enjoyed jumping with us!
Any fans of Stephen Jerzak, Relient K, and Automatic Loveletter, I get to interview all of them on Sunday, so send in your questions!
Evan, realistically, where do you put Oregon's odds of scoring Allen?
yee.
Im Glad you get to see him :  yeahh..
hopefully oneday I'll have the chance to go to one of his concerts3 aha.
Young Witz here we go
What do you do when you dont know what to do ?
no no no on that 95 lol keep doing what you doing!!!
I'm so confused.
Attending a fascinating presentation by CocaCola attorney on negotiation of Olympic sponsorship rights and Oly athlete endorsements.
got me going ape shit in the gym..
The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
And then I thought FaceFirst, with which I am more satisfied.
but rain is cool .3
Friend: I hate One Direction.
Me: Oh thank god, more for me.
What's up tho where you been at???
lol.
Oh.
That's funny.
virtual hug 3
lol!
well over 600 followers later...
im here too!
:p I had mine before Sarah
Thanks Manu and great game last night  you were FANtastic!
Aw had a lovely day today.
I have the most beautiful nieces in the world!
X
the twins i've been taking care of since they were 18 months old are 4 today.
i can't believe it i feel ancient.
Rachel, seriously.
Die.
Everything was ok until I realized I had work
loll sounds like a great night
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 11
: Good luck on your knee surgery Matthew.
Hope all goes well, and you are up and around in no time.
You will be in my thoughts.
My iPhone and macbook are littered with SNS platforms and apps I have looked at but never use.
MS is just another.
Ever notice how most doctorg commercials look like they're made by people on doctorgs?
Did hahadurbin ever get trending??
Love Einstein and all, but he really needs to stop climbing onto tables and opening childproof prescription bottles.
Madonna to perform At halftime!????
Now that's what I'm talking about!
Long live the Queen of pop!
Every week its the same shit
New 14k White Gold Round CZ Women s Engagement Ring
Guess whatt: I just HAVE to tell you something...
you read?
I LOVE YOU; Samantha
Oh we cannot wait to see some photos and hear about the amazing food!
We are so proud to have you as a member!
braves with the win!!
life is shite so i like to write.
Frenchies are awesome!
They are a close second to Boston Terriers.
My choices on Twitter : Yankees fans , UK fans and Daniela Yes Yes and OMG YES !!!!!!!
What's on for this weekend, Boston?
Events, great food, or wine you are looking forward to?
how does that happen?!
Haha
RT : I'm in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold.
Calvin Klein
Final version of 'How to Win Friends and Influence People' for TechNet saved to the cloud.
Excited to share what we've learned!
Long days at work are wearing on me, yet still totally worth it.
Can't wait til it's over.
Wish I was riding.
curated all the art by ArtStar and it looks amazing!
stop by and snag yourself something pretty!
Austin City Limits
Sorry we missed the MM S/O's, they'll be coming a little late this week...
Possibly in the form of FF's...
OOMF needs to get at me
Of course!
Would love to share my work with you!
hes my LIFELINE
end of the week or by the weekend i should be back!
not for long though im ready for Paris Next than Nigeria
Thanks!!!
I'm lucky to come from such a supportive state.
good luck tonight on tv.
I'm sure you'll beat the Packers.
no!
Why must it be so complicated?
Nothing like talking to something using the word wicked and being asked if you're from Boston.
Thinking about how we create the magical bubble that our kehilah lives in  at both jewishcamp  synagogue year round.
All polar bears are lefthanded.
stripper practice from yesterday got me sore as hell.
gotta do it again today
you watch it too
I love Nutella!!
I feel like a loser now, but I have my night centered around the doctorft
im subtweeting about you.
Call 1800PRELOS9 or email for any help or additional information!!
Let us help you find renters today!!
www.prelos.com
beautiful.
we're going to head to the Depot soon.
I'm eating, Greg's St.
Vincenting.
: thanks!
Its commitment to winning and it's fans and the community,beautiful PPL Park,the river end MLS C'monTheU
Thanks and
Book worms!
empire strikes back
loved seeing you again and need to meet soon!
Lmao the nurse is disinfecting everything I touch ;p
From 2 experiences I have to say prepare to be underwhelmed.
Thx very much guys.
Really appreciate the critical eye.
Very helpful.
The perspective will help us get better.
Cheers!
Naw I feel you.
It's a shame though, because we're gonna need him regardless of who we match up against.
Why does the NBA ROY trophy look so cheap?
it's raining here too!!
at least i didn't have practice 
Team F'in hungry racing FTW!
RT: who's coming down to the Riverwest Public House on May Day?
i think u r the HOTTEST,SEXYEST gurl frm England I've ever seen!!
WOW!
Gonna bike off my frustrations, hate it when ppl don't follow through with their plans.
I better not be a damn fool, again..
my brithday is a week a ways yo
weekly is good to maintain attendance  not all will make it week to week but those that do will build their network faster
I love you more
MI4  Fun at the movies.
Great me too!!
I'm writing a DM right now.
I am one who believes that one of the greatest dangers of advertising is not that of misleading people, but that of boring them to...
check out for ballplayers and baseball coaches.
some interesting discussions going on in their blogs.
Espn and that Jew were out of line on some of their reporting.
Syracuse university should sue them too.
Fuckin scum tryin to smear our name
He could, but he won't.
Just formed a mini spam musubilovers coalition in the line for lunch at I love that stuff.
'Twas fun.
Thank you for your kind shares related to our Bull Run animated map.
Most appreciated.
Wow  what a difference  energy flows so much better  you won't recognize this place  except for the smiling faces ;
aight man, we'll have to kick it sometime this summer
sure do lol
wcphilly day2 : Contribute by evangelizing WP to others, and by testing with Trunk or the WP Beta Tester's Plugin.
Sacrifice sleep for success
Good Morning
Nice try.
The cartoon is from around the same time, but it involved a cat and a dog.
RT : Doug?
reading my The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie.
Thanks
Fired up for the big launch event in Washington DC tonight.
Realtime polling is coming to the Beltway.
These high schoolers on here talking bout they sex life just blows me.
Lol
: Zimmerman's attorney asks for a bond of just 15,000 and permission to leave the state.
WoW!!!!
OMG  based on the 1st 2 tracks, the Daphne Oram Tapes may be the greatest thing ever...
very much digging the current cackling
There ya go...Darby runs out to bark long after whoever was behind the fence is gone.
Well done
People hurt you, God will heal you.
People humiliate you, God will magnify you.
People judge you, God will justify you.
Make every Saturday the best day to make  w/ EZ hair extensions  wigs!
Let doctor Wiggy train you in the latest, email
Meeting with ,  the team at to launch our new video blog, GoGeddit TV!!
ok I have tried to touch base with you EVERY way I know of...call when you have a second
Its only 1:00am and is onfire the circus is in town!
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved because these days most people confuse the idea of being in love with true love.
haha rough night last night ?
pamplemousse  grapefruit.
Only French I know.
Where is this?
funny, gotta disconnect from Quicken chat before I can tell if they've helped me.
somehow, they're unable to help me until I disconnect.
Watching 'Ultimate ' on Netflix to help with my high.
Probably going to go see it again.
Don't send me promos!!!!
Ha, I should wash my mouth..er, typing fingers..with soap.
Slap me if I say ROI.
I try not to take ppl feelns for granted
It's only 10 degree difference between our Minneapolis location and our Hawaiian location today!
no one wants to see you on tv...
You're not cool, sorry :/
104 days is not enough time left to spend with my family.
I'm going to miss you all so very much.
I love you.
Just delivered our Handel Bed to Glen Boudoctoraux for the Home of Tomorrow exhibit at State Fair of Texas.Can't wait to see the display!
RT
I salute and MMG cuz they ain't goin pop like every other label.
Thanks for coming to speak at WLC!
Loved the presentation a lot.
Myboyfriend said he feels bad for my babydaddy BC he has to financially support his kid....the fuck?!
Remind me to always take my depo shot
good thinking!
Hi Michael, I'm a reporter working on a story about Delta's Sky Club.
Would it be okay if I interviewed you on the topic?
Fail small, win big ...
Damn, Igotta finish this paper before class starts
Wants to show live O's/Red Sox footage.
Please.
The best thing about pre foreclosures is the prices that come with them!
In most cases,the owner has no choice but the sell the house.
Thanks Bobby!!
Enjoy the weekend:
Kevin Garnett has made 1/3 of the Celtics' FGs tonight.
That just seems wrong.
My grandfather captainin Curt M.
O'Reilly was the last one in my family to serve in military.
He was a MASH surgeon in Korea.
Seems like Radiohead Coachella set is literally designed for a rerun YouTube livestream as opposed to live performance.
SANDY WE MISS YOU COME HOME!
I hate when little fucking 8 year olds throw fits.
Grow up you little bitch.
Grow.
Up.
Thnks I thoroughly enjoyed  learned from the Wknd Biz Podcast  hope it'll ret'n soon
Your perfect!
I am now hooked on The Voice.
I DVR's Hawaii 5O, but haven't watched it yet.
Funny, is there an Aldi on Bluemound near the Best Buy?
Think of the childoctorn was the lame excuse about Hooters.
Yes and also Vegan people I know all females hm
I plug my headphones into my phoneso the app is like magic.
It's called Lightning Bug.
It's coo bro He was on twitter stuntin on me hard..
I plan on WHOOPIN his ass!
Happy Halloween!
Remember our kids tonight.
Our little ghosts and goblins won't have their moms or dads accompany them on trickortreating.
Wouldn't you think France would have learned f the US the past 3 years
So ready for our match today.
let'sgo
the 90's station is pumpin' out some gems today...!!!
Stop in and see us.
And, ask about our Specials!!
Say Facebook or Twitter sent you....
Couldnt find my fav shoes this morning then I remembered has them 
ready for the next season now
Warm brownies.
Thanks.
You're the winner.
no you dont girl.
im so angry now.
Never a pass.
Respect.
Because he is really smarter.
But I won't retweet the tail end of your two part tweets and slam them
Old School!
Higher Ground, Suck my Kiss, Give It Away, Snow, Under the Bridge!
hanging out with  of before they tear it up
Celebrating web launch!
Thanks 4 wonderful design  to  for behind the scenes!
hahahahahahahhhahahaha like wtf.
Like Sophia grace or some shit, I should defanitly put her on blast
i am clean clean clean v
I hope so!
A little part of me is missing.
Haha
Let wisdom guide my heart and help me keep in mind that each and every student is precious and one of a kind!
lol it when they block you from adding and other things
you've had over 20 tweets today!
RT Go follow these amazing bands!
RoadTraveledthe live stream is to difficult to watch, should be a 2 min tape delay or something, it stops, plays, stop plays 4 me
You are a pretty bad ass dude.
Love your tweets about being a parent not just a paycheck.
Amen to that.
Muah.
Ty
Awesome!
How was the game?
its alliteration...works for both Tues and Thurs
followfriday Why you ask?
Because they are Gorgeous and Fun Tweeps, who Interest me.
doctorwning in lemonade.
It sure has seemed that way lately, huh?
Nothing personalpromise!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
Hold the phone...NORA discovered Facebook!
Lol
So I'm up  not sleeping yet 
Hey hey hey :D
Sontag: I am unable to put my shoulder to the feminist wheel in the fashion she would like me to.
Game was NBC Sports Network and not shown on MSG.
No Rosen/Micheletti.
Home game not shown on home network.
Oh my gosh.
You crack my up.
happy birthday!
:
Happy New Year!
call it: 10 WAYS TO BE HOT  RICH.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Thursday  3/17/2011 Hump Day Thursdays  One Up W DJ HUMP
s/o to whoever made this great bob marley shitty by making it dubstep manfuckyou!
What up though?
Exactly!
...should have never been a candidate at his age...MONEY TALKS!
They need a twitter game where you can level up after hitting various tweet caps.
: Nw The Temptations..
they da truth
Laying next to the most beautiful girl in the world 3
Do you still have that guitar on whose fretboard you wrote out all the notes?
Evanovich, Seven Up.
The further adventures of Stephanie Plum, bounty hunter.
These are very silly books, which may explain their appeal.
Aww thanks guys!
I hope you have a great weekend too.
:
Can't wait to see Odd Future in October.
One Time, Lighthouse...
OMG SICK!!
I feel like I need to go make a movie!
LOL
it's such a good chocolate fix :
haha whatkoreanparentssay : My dad just asked if Girls' Generation was on the grammys.
Lol.
really?
but I see you're following me
good choice!
Stop by the west mall campus to make a button for 1 and learn more about Center Space Project our student organization!
Closing the gap of aspiration and enrollment has to be a collaboration between government, educators, parents, and schools.
Each Facebook user spends on average 15 hours and 33 minutes a month on the site.
O ok Thanks so Y 106 say What Trey video u wanna see?
that was my jam RT: RnBThrowBacks  Nelly ft Kelly Rowland  Dilemma
RT : I still say that Alison by Elvis Costello is one of the best pop songs ever written.
myaimistrue Word
ok.
First of all he's not a player like he used to be, he even got rid of every girl number he had,  he wants to be with u..
Girls have some creepy ass conversations
Sounds tasty!
Hope you had a nice weekend.
RT: I'm going to enjoy a bowl of your granola cereal in the morning!
:
Don't sleep on getting tickets to BMTH, Death Cab, Gambino, Circa Survive, TBS, or ATL.
They'll all be here before you know it.
Going to see the hunger gamess.:
Oldage cannot be avoided.
It creeps up inexorably and the awareness increases when friends and loved ones pass away one by one
AdmitIt if you look good in a picture with your friend, you dont give a shit if they look bad, you post it on fb and twitter anyways!
Haha
Big day of little school work.
give em a follow!
We are having a HUGE sale today for the tallandbigmen in your life!
Come on in and see us Please RT!
color me hungry and envious
I hear ya!
The villages own Rocket Man
they do a great job with that show.
I had a lot of fun with them.
So proud of you, honey.
So, so proud.
ohheygirl!
When life gives you lemons...make lemonade.
When life gives you lemonade...you better doctornk it.
whoa you win
Reading the The Three Marriages by David Whyte, awesome book on life, work and relationships to self and others.
Beautifully written, very 
Kim I hate taxes with my whole soul!
I'd honestly rather eat glass!
I'm angry that Jon Burge, the Chicago Police monster who tortured suspects into false confessions, sending some to death row, is still free
Why is it every two seconds some body has to say something about my skin tone.
Ok yes I'm light skinned don't you think I know that already.
reading book, 140 characters ; much more interesting than anticipated
Where u play at?
That bench brings all the btches to the yard!
I need more followers help a girl out
shakes magic 8 ball reads: signs point to yes
I've worked for MK for 8 years and seen many bed technologies.
MK has the best selection at an unbeatable price  James MK Megastore
where's a good place to eat?
:
always a txt or call away!
would come support us, let us honor you at our conference, to also encourage us young biz people we can get there together!
Q5: One thing everyone should experience in Europe for the holidays?
Oh Happy Day!
Finishing week 2 of Insanity and week 1 of new job!
RT got my ride imported from FL.
is looking for some new interns...
Must be awesome.// is awesome.
wow holy shit man, hook a brother up we work together haha
fresh!
:D Now get them hooked on some MARS from the same era and pump up the volume  dance  dance!
cc/
what up stranger
Mass production created a need for mass marketing which created a need for mass media.
Douglas Rushkoff
Eat more protein during the day to stay fuller longer pack nuts or avocado as a snack so you skip the break room pastries!
Yay Stephen got the job!!!!!!!!!
Now I just need one
you should get a booth and sell some sketches at
I leave for Branson in a week!!!!
Hello wake boarding!!!!!
Aw hail no!
weatherjokes but seriously it is coming down
yes, very intriguing!
Perhaps next project after current massive, daunting, allconsuming one.
:
yeaa lol that's how I knew
his head may be virtual, but that beer looked real
Watching WATER FOR ELEPHANTS!!
Happy girl right now 
Ft Worth show opens FRIDAY,1st 1500 attendees each day get a GOODIE BAG filled with coupons and prizes.
Info www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
I mean these shorts were daisy dukes and hands down most homo thing I ever seen
Ill miss you on the sets of iCarly  iNickelodeonShow but i cant wait to see you on your birthday and on our tour!
Didn't move here until Wednesday kiddo.
Staying at Sarah's until Tuesday.
I have similarly poor music taste and I survive Dillinger Escape Plan pits.
Just stay low and nix the glasses :
In the first 8.5 minutes of Rising, we currently have 213 cuts.
Damn.
JO
hmm..
I'll think about it.
What are friends for??
Besides bringing the Vaseline when chics step out of line!!
LOL
Lets see who really love the KCAs!
RT if you going to watch!
good post.
I've been good how about you?
I'll be honest.
If a dessert is served with jelly I'm probably gonna like it.
she's such a loser!!!!
jk love you tayshea!!!
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.
Benjamin Franklin
Someone please send me the SpaceGhostPurp record.
The Black God is too smooth to comprehend
TODAY is trainthursday When u go 2 train museum  show ur tic get FREE kids scoop w/adult scoop purchase RT!
Desperate and Ravenous
I very strongly second our re feet, kids, PhDs, love and add that you are also hot agrees.
professorssor says that I have an interesting take on constitutional law I wonder if this is a polite way to call someone a communist
What a hypocritical piece of....
Since 50 won't be showing his dong anymore if the giants lose...
ladies get ready i'm taking over for his bet
Mariano Rivera putting up a stellar 54.00 ERA right now, yeah that'll help the ol' fantasy team
Having too much fun on photo booth :P
Here .
I Lovee You !
just posted a new chapter!!!
I love to put myself in new situations.
I'm not afraid to be a beginner.
Sting: composer, singer, activist.
Mike Rowe's next Dirty Jobs should be Keha's hair stylist
don't know.
only away feed i have ever watched.
They do go to the straightaway when replaying a pitch though
BCS officials met today to discuss a potential college football playoff.
Joss Whedon never disappoints.
Not even Dollhouseeventually.
I know!
I have never gotten a tweet from him!
: Depressed but i still LOVE him either way!
just brought ur new EP i have always loved overdosing.
but could never found it!
so now im rocking out to it!
thanks heidi!
That's how I felt taking my bianchi home for the first time.
Beats a run of the mill Specialized any day.
My pleasure...wish you and the book all the best!
Turkey  Ham  Chicken.
Oh My!
Today was the annual My Plumber holiday feast which was enjoyed by all, some several times.
Time to scratch!
Festen at St.
Ann's Warehouse was fantastic.
If you're in the neighborhood, you should check it out.
Would love to see it in LA.
post pictures from Vegas!!!
I'd do it if there was a toggle switch like Tumblr has for twitter.
lead is in the middle of a pencil lol
Had a blast last night at marikkas!
Now to try getting some motivation to do something with myself.
who is it.!
Are you guys hiring.?
: Happiness is a very attractive quality in a person.
Anger?
Resentment?
Spite?
Not so much.
darth vader is a bad BF
help fight hunger in Chicago with Yoplait Greek.
www.greek4good.com.
Hanging out at my favorite cafe with a nice cup of coffee, croissant w/Nutella and Jelly, and screaming Albanians in the background.
ditto.
ceiling fan preferred.
Are those green olive on that 'za?
Amen!
RT : People can try to hurt you and beat you down, but THEY CAN NEVER KILL YOUR PARTY SPIRIT.
tminus 10 minutes to tickets going on sale!
got my card locked and loaded :
pepsi doritos chevy...
Pretty disappointed w/ superbowl commercials so far.
Following twitter is much more entertaining.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your selfconfidence
yes sir...
Today was a productive day.
best description of a hangover ever
you should get one of those keurig ones!
They're pretty nice
It never ceases to amaze me how much stuff I have accumulated.
doctorading packing.
At times like this I wish I owned a zeppelin!
Look on the bright side, we're 400 miles from ours.
I put in a proposal for NCTE12 on flipclass, was hoping to get a panel, but didn't find others willing to join
He said to be cool but I'm already coolest
WIN THIS
Quote:  don't remember what you try to teach them.
They remember what you are.
Jim Henson Happy Friday!
Maybe if we could have the 80's stuff with todays tech?
Now that would be a win / win...
fuck them punks, if they not ya boyfriend, husband or family members tell them fags to eat a dick!
A woman arrested for setting fires in her Decatur neighborhood speaks with us about the accusations...tonight  10 on WAND.
oh great I hear the garage opening .
, ohwell at least we doctorp him off at the airport in the morning 
I would but I hve bad knees.
thats no excuse.
I will try my best next time.
I wish we could all practice once in a while.
Dear tweeters...don't let Rob Bell's words be more prevalent than God's.
God's word is truth  Rob's: his opinion.
Teach the difference.
There are just some classes I prefer to be to myself in.
Good luck to all our Tweeps taking finals this week!
Ot
cop top from the biddy
Feel better!
It's too cold.
I want to know what she looks like.
PIC PLZ
What fascinates you most about being a lawyer?
I think your link is broken...
can you repost?
Payphone is stuck in my head ;p
wish I could get a floral spread in that mag!
To the Devil with false modesty
Listen all day to win THE VEGAS ACM EXPERIENCE!
Win 1000 COUNTRY CASH  be QUALIFIED TO WIN the ACM VEGAS trip April 1st
count us in!
Salute to BossLady for having us on the set of her new music video for Party or Go Home!
Stay tuned for All Acess!
WalMart is like pooping.
Everybody goes but nobody admits to it.
are you valerie?
:
I have received 5 save the dates/wedding invites in the last 3 days...
Oye
You are so much fun!
Thanks for bringing NYers together for a really wonderful evening!
:
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there!!
You're coming with me.
Tell my old boo i said thank you and shut up sabrina
Clippers already make summer vacation plans??
sorry for the late reply.
not a lot of time to tweet these days!
Offered a job with the Flyin' Elvises...considering it...
yes I knew Randy when he was with the Vikings straight cash homie is a good term, 1 up on me,now on to our final Soccer bet
Hey all is giving away a trip for 2 to ESPN today!
For more deets go to Mark Schlereth's Stinkin Good Green Chile FB page
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Who says we have to go all mister Fancypants?
: As long as its in a box, you're good.
RT Is it red or white wine...
James please !!
Come to phoenix I wanna see you !
:
I may have just seen the Rapture on the radar headed my way.
here and ready whenever!
No hurry
Answer of the Day: Cory Hart.
Damn instagram killed my battery today
Wow there's more carts at the Belmont St foodcart lot!
So much good food to try!!
Just ordered frm sushipdx will hv to come bk for dinner!
I try not to look back into my past but damn there are a lot of people I thought would still be around.
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters.
Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
Nicks Best Week On TV Kicks of Dec.
26 with a brand new episode of !
: Next 2O people to follow   they will be promoted to my followers now x5
Haha my sister is getting so angry!!!!!
Honestly don't know why I have them.
I'll never use them lol
I love seeing all my young broadies going hard and winning!
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
Been thinking a lot about Portland lately.
Can't wait to explore the West coast!!
NFAIS12 PLoS, is it ok to put up data if you know it's not complete?
Yes, if labelled as such.
I love that your clingy baby : your my favvvvvvvv 3
the problem is , you don't answer
: MentionTo someone who's always in your mind.
Looking for a internship?
Were looking for talented interns to join FOCUS for the fall/spring semesters.
DM for more info.
Fabulous.
Have a busy day ahead, but otherwise fabulous.
Yeah!!!
You tweeted me!!
hahaha...
I'm still learning this tweet stuff too...
Tell Dad II hi and I love him too..
Shutting off the thought process is not rejuvenating; the mind is like a car battery  it recharges by running.
Bill Watterson
HOLY CRAP THIS IS GREAT!!!!
Gonna RT...
ET , phone home ?
Nope.
That's my signal 'MT come uptown for Tix'
No budget for accessibility testing?
Where to start?
suggests smoke test on your home page.
so whos up to party?
They are locked because people are fucking stupid and wright on the walls, piss everywhere, and throw chew on the ceilings
Remind me 3
Russian Scientists found a lake in the Antarctic/cut off from air  light for 20 million yrs/can provide info about life on other worlds
I wonder what percentage of all the kids bubble liquid that has ever been purchased has been spilled out vs converted into bubbles?
I never wanted the responsibility
!!!!!!!!
RT Girl dont !
Folks cant handle it RT : i envy those that are able to express their feelings.
CareerTipTuesday: Strive to build your brand such that is the premium version, not an acceptable alternative.
Dwain Celistan
Longterm success has more to do with being resilient than always making the right decisions.
Courtesy of Bob Hatfield at Prudential Ins.
yeah!
And I have listened to all of these kids' albums..I wouldn't call them innovative at all.
Good stuff but not innovative
Hello Kathy, Describe what TV/Movie Projects you've most enjoyed Working on in your Career up to this point?
Just me, some herbal tea, magazine  catching up with news.
Til tomorrow...
It is.
Help yourself.
Do you agree that social media will change healthcare?
Ok,so they will bring him in a mask...lol choke slamming everyone,either that or he needed some time off.
If you like reading, and sharing, check out It's such a nice experience.
At pizza hut waiting on these cinmn sticks yummy
David Gregory is so pleased with himself even though he's failed on this today.
I believe you have to be 21 to get into the Dinah darling!
;  There is a lot of alcohol and debauchery...
LOL
I don't.
But mine's easier, it's my name.
Just relistened to the Rite of Strings w Ponty, Clarke and DiMeola.If you haven't heard this, you must!
It plays so well.
Timeless.
There is no one like our God.
Looks like a criminal...has been brought to justice.
YEEEEEEEEAAAAAA!
matt you are totally getting stuffed now
They're upgrading Word on my work computer today...
I will miss you Microsoft Word 2004 for Mac!
Lolla has a ton of electronic acts this year!
Wake for Pat Astrella today 47  Mercandantes Worc Ma , Anthony's NaNa we won't let him forget you !!!
very serious
Come to HOLLAND MICHIGAN !!!
pleeaaseeee !!!
Away from me, all you who do evil, for the LORD has heard my weeping.
Psalm 6:8
Yeezy taught me ;
a solid relationship has no room for ego
That last part was entirely true.
They ate wings.
And then fell asleep on each other.
And the dude was snoring.
I love America.
okie dokie well I will let him know!
Just let us know when!
: MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Agreed!
RT : A4: Oh, and chocolate milk is the best to doctornk to recover after long runs!
Caffeine is the world's most popular doctorg, with millions of people consuming it every day.
it was so good.
I want to see it again already.
Let me know if you want to go see it.
Saying good Monday morning to all the folks out there.
forwardprinting.com
so socialmedia of you
Good advertisement...whoorli.com
Exactly I don't think some of the ladies get Lisa's humor I love it
Need caffeine now.
I got this shot trippin ese!
Perfect day for headphones and
am trying.
To think out side the box Bestie try it lmao
Responded to FIRE  1463 Route 9D, Fishkill, NY 12524.
Red Cross auto update.
Lol I don't deserve to be alive.
Watching the video of Tupacs hollogram performing at Coachella is makin me a little teary eyed im not gonna lie
I am going to cook my son a birthday dinner.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live
I have spent the last two hours playing angry birds and cut the rope instead of studying
What's up with the weird, racist name?
A sports fan holiday...
NFL doctorft has begun!
Lets go Buffalo Bills!
We discovered a bug in the user rating system tonight.
It has since been fixed and all user ratings should be restored.
Dear neighbor boys with the airsoft guns: Please stop hiding behind and/or shooting at Atticus, my innocent car.
Haha, im coming too!
:P 3
Just got a pair of zigs for 30!
Welcome home
Marshall Fine: Catching up: The Three Stooges, Girls, Tribeca
Halloween movies are not as good in HD.
Hey pastry world happy Passover and have an unbelievable swag Easter xoxoxo
ive had my twitter for 3 years
beat poets?
10 Things I Hate About You , You ditch some friends, to go with some other friends who don't give two fucks if you're there .
Today this guy told me no guy is ever gonna be good enough for me.....
Idk if I take that as a compliment or an insult!
In the animal kingdom, there is nothing more dangerous than a Penguin who knows there might be no tomorrow.
when is MB commeng back to NYC?
I know you know
I wanna cry every time someone tells me that I only love Riley because he is the lead singer.
Really?
He is soo much more than that.
The
gonna have to check when I get home : not sure since we have so many!
Is this guy big enough to take down a blog site like Tumblr or Reddit?
call me!!!
Yeah Mike  Patty's on Church Street is the spot for breakfast.
Tiny little place but great breakfast sandwiches.
it's not mine.
but yeah..
i want to get one for myself DIY style
better than s?
Follow and get followed you can check it out
How does the MLB regular season even make sense?
They should just play 3 months of only rivalry games then a 3 month playoff.
no he's sleeping but goes in work  7 tonight so he'll call  like around then :p
Time to either go out or call for delivery.
Hey, it's Friday!
MyYoungAssGF orders a happy meal for the toy.
We are open tonight and tomorrow...
Monday night for burger night!
RT : this morning's reminder: go.
do it now.
you are not too young/old/tired/new/old to manifest your doctorams.
GOOD MORNING AUSTIN!
im in school  snuck on twitter just to see your tweets!
:D ah lol i hope i dont get caught..
I'll root for the team with the fans who wave the fewest towels
It was last night i slipped and fell on the beer cooler door at a weird angle lol
Watching Jumanji.
All time favorite movie
The awkward moment wen u go2 bed  wake up 2 hours later  get ready for school then u realize ur parents haven't left4 work yet cuz its 2am
Watching transformers 
Getting ready for an appearance  Wizard World Toronto Con March 2628, 2010  Direct Energy Centre
it was fun.
Talk to you soon.
I'll be sure and connect you with Maurice when I get home tonight.
Have a great conference!
I've been playing it a lot lately.
So good.
we can't wait!
I don't have any of the stuff ready.
We should go this week though
Oh baby baby ;
Will, basically, live in SF this week..I'd better bring a jacket.
yes, it's wonderful!!!
Silveira applauds TEP program.
Knows the plight of our homeless students.
Consistency and community involvement.
Sources tell Orangebloods.com Texas Tech will be the Texas Longhorns' Thanksgiving opponent in 2012, replacing Texas AM.
the weather shouldn't prevent you from running.
headup praying for a speedy recovery!
the competition is only for residents of the UK :
what's up.
I woke up at 5:30am!
I am yawning quite a bit, though.
: You should come next time.
and Guru are getting me through my Monday.
doctorp off new toys !
RT : RT if you feelthetingle of Toy doctorve with and
Why haven't this bus pulled off?????
BAMSQUAD 2012........Yeah Its mine .....WATCH
Good Day
American Legacy thanks you and all veterans for their service to the country.
you were amazing tonight!
Don't let anyone get you down girl
link's not working.
Which officer?
Medina is my hometown.
tell my nigga Marc i said what up
yur totally amazing .
Were gonna meet SOMEDAY NeverSayNever : ILY
ideas2action eric from learn zillion K12 shares his model.
So much to do before I leave town tomorrow and I don't want to do any of it.
I have those same problems haha
im just sayin
hahaha ohh yeah I remember you : haha sorry!
It's been a long time!!
Sorry!
Bully Pulpit: make sure your fan page shows your followers, young legislative aides will google you to see if you are high on search engine
Omg omg omg ok I just saw Naya riveras proactive comercial I just died inside...
ilovenayarivera she's fucking amazing!!!
3
This heat is making me sleepy.
She used to be relatively kind to me.
I feel complicit in her abuse of younger brothers and mother because I saw it happen and said nothing
Hello alarm clock....hello mt.dewgood morning all
the exceptional friends list, ya dingus!
Why so little boys laugh when they burp?
Is it a testosterone thing?
Ah, the joys of mom!
I have been thinking about u dm me ur number
Our pleasure!
Where's Andoctorw's phone
Will Green Bay bring in any FA's to workout?
Hey Fans It's Twelve Buck Thursday!
12 for unlimited golf  40 tokens!
Addon unlimited gokarts and bumper boats for only 5 more!
great doctorss.
Blergh.
Have fun, catch you next time.
You should come by and visit next time you're around.
They sure are!
And they have amazing taste in whats good!
ya email full bro!
lol
Ohio thunderstorms aren't as unrelenting and intense as a good Jersey storm.
Scary, but captainvating.
Announcing the Fan of the Week for the week ended 8th January 2012.
It is none other than Jessicaa Anni.
I hope you got the red sticker.
HE GOT THE RED STICKER!
I mean...
how could they not have been literally laughed at producing that estimate after prodding?
Boggles my mind
the other 10th is all Mark Zuckerberg and Olsen Twins.
Sincerity is the new sarcasm.
too you too Austin: how are you feeling?
What if the Gospel writers threw in the virgin birth to appeal to the followers of the Mithra and Dionysian religious cults?
Then what?
How do we know, that our part of the meaning of the universe may not be a rhythm in sorrow?
Coffee, 1 big goal, a mentor's advice on how to complete a task, updated progress from 21 to 35, on target.
How?
www.IamINC.biz
Beer is proof that God loves us.
is not a great opening statement for any hitandoctorn court case.
oohh i just got the 2nd tweet..
Thts so cool!
I want it!
Lol
show?
What do you mean?
I'm interested.
one more page and then i'm free
IfIwonthelotterytonight tomorrow at the end of every class i would go up to my teacher and say fuck you.
then burn all my books.
Good Morning!
where did you move to.?
Lol
why cant u see how much i like u?
i hang on ur every word, i always talk 2 u, i save a smile for u every day....but 2 u im almost invisible
Gotta sleep early!!
Internet good.
Glad you got there safely.
Thanks come join us!
At Tavern Downtown for the largest rooftop deck in Colorado!!
FollowBackFriday starts now!!!
Lets go!!!
Happy the sun is finally out!
Time to warm up.
some of theese lil gurl r too fast they nasty yall goin to get yall chance it's not right now thoe
Not all that wander are lost  Marina Christine
haha true true you
ugh he sucked for Bears
Hey, yeah i get back start of next week.
How busy are you at moment ?
X
did you guys watch the Frank Fairfield movie yet?
....crazy thing is, we could lose every game and still make the playoffs in the Eastern Conference.
What a winning attitude.
who do you have going 1 in the NFL doctorft?
s/o to for pampering her mom today gooddaughter lol
Just thought about her but she probably with him thinking about me..??
Whats goin on fashionista?
Hope you've been well :
Auburn's Graphic Design Senior Show today at 4:00 in Biggin Hall!
Oh yes, I forgot about AUS.
rofl I can't just memmorize that you are having winter instead of summer, lol :
As the view is to the body, the reason is the spirit.
yea no doubt I will help you out and get you some followers
All branches will be closing at 4pm tomorrow and closed on Christmas day.
Have a safe and happy holiday!
Currently wrapping everything on my coworkers desk.
Birthday surprise Monday morning!
Worst first half of the season?
aw.
Thanx babez...
Yea u betta come thru when u visit!!!!
We gotta catch up!!!
Have been thinking about failure a lot...
but in a good way.
it was great to hear your remarks on the panel today.
Thank you for stepping up and advocating for all the mothers of
I guess u really cant have it all.
Y do i keep screaming i wake u up and yet h hold me.
Im sorry
Well, nobody from New Mexico won the megamillions, but somebody will win a 42 TV.
Just goes to show you, Buy Local!!
Rad update alert!
just got added to our 100thIssueParty on Dec.
16th at Shyea!
You might not be looking for a new car today...
but please spread the word that we are here and ready to get folks on the road!!
i wish i knew a phd student in econ...they dont seem to interact w/ humanities.
its a problem bc the only econ we learn is marx.
Nicky Hilton Sues for 5 Mil  My ExPartners SABOTAGED My Clothing Line
: These vocab words are never gonna get done..

: I see what you do for me Lord ..
Im so grateful.
Thank You
Wish I did this from the start.
Would have entered with friends.
Feels a bit lonely doing it myself but Also exciting!
i like him  i even think he comes off a little phony sometimes
going to the Gym later
Anyone have suggestions where to get a semiinexpensive PC, but a good, fast PC at the same time?
Another sunny day in PDX.
Happy Friday everyone.
Let's start this day on a high note!
Gianti's opinion of the Niall  Ali situation: Innocent.
Just innocent.
It was just a kiss on the cheek  some 'In the moment' doctornk photos.
UGH!!!
Writing this paper is just not happening.
RT : don't want to harp on about it, but 2 spaces left for NCAA fantasy football league.doctorfting tomorrow at 20.45 GMT
Checking out next month?
Be sure to review emails from your RHD or their staff about signing up for a checkout time.
Ha I'm glad u understand me sis Rt : all your tweets are hilarious right now.
I am going to respond to them all.
Saw the Coachella announcement today...
too soon?
it was just 4 weeks ago!
I think I'm still suffering from Coachella overload.
LOL
Back to HP or Brownsville after this...Time to prepare for my family.
Make sure that the number you provide on your professorle is correct.
Some people have missed out in the past because we can't reach them
I'm going to shout and clap.
You know, I've only managed to catch one episode  I fell in love!
Such a cool concept.
I LOVE it!
Tom's shoes: Is a fundie company that is antifeminist and gay rights or a good business?
I can't keep track.
Opinions welcome.
Busy day taking care of newborn kids and one very uncooperative doe.
I laughed so hard!
Sure thing!
You'll hear from us soon.
MT : Will b live tweet on behalf of today at crisis communications event at
RT : Zack Morris having a new slam every episode, but always having Kelly Kapowski on the side.
According to my uncle, I'm a hellbound moron who's dooming the country because I'm liberal.
Remember, family's important.
Think positively..
now you know what kind of person you don't want in your life..
you better get in a good mood, its LIBRARY DAYY :
Awesome game!
Go Pens!
Having the best night!
I love my friends so much...and random jam sessions around the piano.
:
Just went to Powdoctorll's for dinner and now realize how much I don't like Powdoctorll's.
Where is the smoke?
Happy Friday!
!!
Miracle is playing on TNT right now...
Sweet!
MT : Even as Larry Brown discusses deal with SMU, he hasn't given up the chase on Portland GM job, sources say.
...
just lets all of us know you're having a revelation...a revelÄtweet
RT NPCA has just written a letter w/ the PC employees union for PC to strengthen commitment to NCE, extend to 5 yrs.
Hipsters don't know Santee exists.
I'll pay you in highfives...
I'm in a very awkward situation.
I can do tomorrow night
ok thats good to hear..Hope u have a blessed n productive day hun..Talk to you later..
;
I go both of them as well, maybe I will see you this Saturday at the MPLS show.
LAUNCH IN 8 DAYS.
Who is going to be at the Party?
Prosecutors showed photos of Ava hooked up to tubes in hospital, family members holding her hand.
Jurors now in middle of another break.
the IT guy at work is great, he just found my deleted emails...and his wife's eHarmony account
why would bentley think Emily is the bachelorette when brad chose her....
Get hip to EnviroTabs
Fourth of July is the number one holiday that pets get lost.
Ask your vet about getting your pet microchipped
I've seen numerous articles saying how unhappy women are.
And most dont even know me.
Mother fucker phillip is odee hype I'm about to go HAM on his ass!!Hollie should haved stayed!!
RT:: General agreement  church this am that WI would be much better if ScottWalker weren't in it.
As long as once you get there, they actually get you your coffee.
Perhaps now I will have more time to tweet.
Yes sir.
Alive and well.
Getting ready to finally track vocals!
Its Gonna b a good day
me too!!!
She owned it!!!
So awesome!!
They used that same line in Starsky and Hutch.
Nice.
Lol
agreed, but sometimes especially in the states more is not better, it's just more
I usually work at night too!
:
so so proud!!
yeah!
:  woah its kinda late there

media film conference NYC today
we ordered crab legs and stuff that should probably be hot...can we get a discount or something oh the things we say!
It isn't the answer yet I do the exact same just without them knowing my real reason for it.
LOL...The new President of the Astros sure was when I interviewed him on the other Local Station...
My baby almost busted his azz  dat sht was so effin funny lmao!!
His facial expressions are 2 DIE for HA!!!
Hey Kwan ...
flattered by the follow, man.
Dig what you're pushing out.
Keep it coming.
cheers, ME
So pumped to see
Last chance for marshmallow pops at Millvale Days.
We have s'mores!
We are right next to the main stage.
Thinking of starting a boy band...
men with anesthetic ejaculation experience a normal ejaculation, but suffer from an absence of orgasmic sensation.
....
what do I need to do?
I'm so confused right how, but I do like ice cream sammiches.
I hate auto correct!!
Good one, Lord Obvious!
: Imisterallygoodat being bad.
Thank you for the follow!
You have a lot of prestige in the music business, how did you enter it?
We should be up by 4pts
joe joe is in jail jail and kelly and me are having a homework party at 3 am with cindy sleeping and jackie laughing her face off.
yikes.
Tom Brady has been healthy and had enough time to throw to lead us to multiple SuperBowls
How can we collaborate with students when we are not sure of the rights to the work?
Ah haha!
; I like the sale rack best.
About to go in the booth!!!
Prepare you ears for the airwaves 90.7 
The real question is can Michael go 10 minutes without a tweet?
Ha ha
Rich Ask Obama To Raise Their Taxes!
MSNBC w/ Cenk  Small ...
former County Judge Bill Alshire up now
Coffee is so addicted to me, it can't wait to get in my belly.
Funniest condolence remain positive and black.
I have no choice about the latter.
I still appreciate the concern tho.
:
My 1st 4 periods are studyhall's, 5th  6th period are JOKES!
Then study hall AGAIN, then gay ass PIG.
WHY AM I I HERE!
I want to go HOME!
Watching the race today make me even more excited to be there in August!
Niggas always want a female to prove their trustworthy and loyal just so they can know they got for sure pussy waiting for them.
Stay on your grind no matter what.
The ends always justify the means.
Actually, no one cares.
Metta World Violence...
Mickey Loomis...
and basketball utopia in San Antonio lives again.
thank you for the support
I think we should all start building houses out of them.
: Age does not define maturity, actions do.
Does Big Z think Wrigley should look more like Minute Maid?
: John Maeda: My role as teacher was to make students who would one day come back to destroy me
confession: I have been a crap Twitter user this last while.
I'm sorry if I've doctorpped the ball on the conversation.
I imagine the Overstreet family breaking into song like the Von Trapps because they're so talented.
...For I am doing something in your own day, something you wouldn't believe even if someone told you about it.
Habakkuk 1:5, NLT
I just want to inform you that I sent them off boss!
Pakistani aviation officials tell AP 127 people on board jet that crashed near capital city of Islamabad.
More to come.
Usally I love it wen people retweet and favorite myy tweets cause I no they enjoy it
please stop calling frozen yogurt 'frogurt' and 'froyo,' it's creepy...
Hope everyone enjoyed last week's rundown on the Greedy Souls.
There's more to come!
Boomers at elevated risk of asthma death
nope.
Not at all
But id rather have some of the old ones back :/
Ad Hoc  For this purpose
you must host an active game to set pars
Mandi, in the words of doctor Ian Malcom Life...uh...eh..eh..
finds a way
where are you going?
what a joke!!!
y does FIFA even bother with an U23 division?
whole point of age restrictions is 2 allow young players to develop.
players peak  1723
LOL, so do I!
Do yourself a favor today and go pick up Jeremy Roberts and Frank Wildhorn's recording of doctorCULA...at Barnes and Noble.
FACTS!
Also, huskie puppies...
I'm genuinely scared
We love that u r following us.
We also luv that your logo looks like a longhaired dude, from the corner of our eye.
Is it just us?
I need picture in picture because right now this olympic game is winning over KU Basketball...
Oh joy, a round of selfdoubt.
I still can't get over grown ass people in the city wearing suits.......and riding razor scooters!
So amazing to look at this Volleyball athletes ..
they're Height omg..
I would love my daughter be one of them soon!!
Japanese sword trainingdone.
Up next: Equestrian training!
Merritt Mathias, the veteran gamer for AM, takes over.
Gets the ball to Kelley Monogue.
Bang, goal.
AM up 32 now with 8 mins left.
saw a note pop up on my account about accessing prebuilt influencer lists, but didnt see them under lists  searches.
Can u direct?
lmfao.
oh well.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
250
He won't touch it unless he gets a second term.
You bleed just to know you're alive3
follow me read the free preview on my blog.
Also see the full cover with Skin on it x
She does haha.
Oh my God...3
'The young do not know enough to be prudent  therefore they attempt the impossible,  achieve it, generation after generation.' Pearl Buck
derrick is finally coming home from iraq.
thankyougod thoughtthiswouldneverhappen :D
Welcome on board
Moving forward again on Slow Down Atlanta.
Interested in long form narrative?
i bought that, too.
for basically the same reason.
Anica, Keely and I say hi harvey!
I made up with my lover tonight
I thought that shirt would indicate that you were a new mom.
But now I understand that just the shirt is new and just looks
how did your confusion go
she's coming to Cinci on Monday and Tuesday, let's get doctornk and make her cook for us
Yes, his work on archives  virtual reunification looks really fascinating.
Thanks for posting the link!
When people start acting brand new and shit cause they just got paid..
Hey Milwaukee, if u know young minorities ages 1321 doing POSITIVE things in the community, let me know, I'd love to write about them!
I have a few haha..
Bleu by Chanel, Burberry Touch for men, Play by Givenchy  Armani Code are some of my favs
Craving for some McDonald's!
At the pharmacy.
Well fuck grades.
Where's my CB ppl at???
2nite we going in at Venue 162...ripping mics, converting fans 2 the religion of dopeness
Great first meeting with looking forward to featuring you on our show!
try one more time I can't click the image.
It takes me somewhere else
thanks for the RT.
My guess is that Apple doesn't like Yahoo very much.
Please see my answer on to: Do i have to pay child suport if my wife and i are seperated because of a restraini...
Looking forward to 's Social Advertising webinar tomorrow!
Anyone else going to be tuning in?
i may be turning into a twitter addict...
rut rowww
ancient aliens is trippin me out right now
Newly available!
The whole 4th floor of RBP is available for lease!
Currently divided into two suites, it can be made into one large office!
d'oh..
maybe next time.
Michigan vs.
Minnesota tonight at 6:00pm on ESPN...Go Blue!
Just had a screaming  terrified moment with killing a huge spider.
Wendy, I would like to see Toni in playboy.
Clam chowder Friday today at the LR!
Happy Friday PDX!
All these heart broken girls, twittering and posting on facebook about their ex, you didn't loose anything, he missed out, get over it
LeFlop James, see you in the 4th!
Lance said i can't go swimming with him nick because i don't like three ways...
Lmao
Gameworks yesterday.
ChuckeCheese today.
Yup, birthday party season.
It's in Annapolis, on West Street.
Suffered a mesh injury?
www.meshinjury.com
I really wish I had sometime to cuddle with right now
yeah me and my sister both got then....but it till doesn't solve the whole headache thing
thanks for putting it all together!

crazy world
good morning to you hun!
Did you sleep well?
Any plans for today?
decided to doctorss less chavvy today?
reported phishing emails w/ur front email accountnotify however it comes from waccountnotify.
Pls let users know
happy anniversary lady!
To many more!
Can't wait till our big day!
Whereever your Mum is, we're sure she's proud of the woman you grew up to be!
Day 5 of terrible packed lunches.
Today: icky turkey  raw, but bruised, banana.
I'll be HONGRY for dinner!
RT : Best of luck to all participants in the Race for the Cure!
na.
I didn't think he would b on here.
Send me his info
if Jeremy Lin wants to make his mark in this city, games like tonight are big!
bright lights of nyc lets go
My dear lady, what a marvelous prankster you are!
Fuck!
The guys flaked out.
Allegedly tagged a bottom while I was on my way.
What is a whore to do to get raw fucked on this island.
your sister just came up and gave me a hug Haha :D I had to pick up Megan :
The first Bell's oberon ale of the season is always so so nice
commontattoos crosses and r.i.p.
We like corn bread and biscuits, if its broke round here we fix it
yeah same here.
I hate texting people first because I feel like I'm bothering them.
People treat you with the same amount of respect that you treat yourself with, If u don't have respect for yourself no one else will
i love u justi so much ur thge best singer in the history of the universe lolo:3
The most generous choices,especially the persevering, r the fruit of professorund  prolonged union w God in prayerful silence.Pope John Paul II
Hi Dallas Wine Chick  thanks for following Better WIne Guide!
Love your blog too  fine work!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse was rocking last night for Pacers vs Bulls.
Sellout and several concession stands ran out of beer.
With the Yankees trailing the Mariners 41, Joe Girardi sends out Andy Pettitte for the 7th inning.
funny, it's usually the other way around with me
Thanks for the mention.
Happy Birthday, !!
:
True love is a discipline in which each divines the secret self of the other and refuses to believe in the mere daily self.
Has everyone gotten their tickets/rooms for Super Bowl?
you never txt me :  I do miss you/3
Needs more followers!
: And people to follow!
That shit is real man smh
If any of you want to heavily influence my march madness bracket would be much appreciated :
DailyMindfulness I turned the radio off to practice mindful doctorving.
Nonjudgment practice in traffic  priceless.
takes slut boots off and puts on pjs  eats pizza
Your 13.
You smoke, your not a virgin and you wear more makeup than you do clothes.
Your mom must be so proud!
During the day my phone like never rings.
2 in the morning I get like 4 calls.
Nothing really belongs to you, and for that matter you don't really belong to anyone.
Arya Holmes.
Is Don Gibble and associates a good managment company?
A university research fellow has been arrested after a 15yearold girl died and three of her friends were treated in hospital having
.
Not where I was seated.
And the upper reaches were certainly greater than 50 Bulls fans.
Tip of the night: when your agent sends you an email with all the details, please read it and re read it again before asking questions.
Can we stop showing Flip Saunders.
He looks really great, we get it.
I can't check my mention
isn't the show now?
Happy Halloween be safe.
Specyphi what you believe.......
Loyalty...honesty...trust...respect
Then, go away?
What position will you doctorft this year?
hey I know you don't have a fb so I just thought I'd tell you the small school time capsule reunion is may 22nd at 5:30!
What is the most prestigious college that I can get into?
proposed hashtag for the conference:
I have a cold on Valentine's Day  really?!
If you need new or used tires for your car and you in stockton get at me
Flavors of the week: Chocolate Goddess and Hazelnut.
Get 'em before they run out!
So this vegetarian fish is now a meat eater and is now eating the balls off of male villagers.This fishes bottom teeth look like human teeth
asdfghjkl, thank you.
I'm putting the photos on my computer
Happy Monday!
How was your weekend?
Did you spend it doing something fun?
I'm glad you feel amazing now:..
Everything is alright right now..
I guess.
Everything's is better:
my mama always get her feelings hurt when i forget to call.
Good tip haha RT Reminder: You can't cite Twitter as a news source.
That's like citing the TV or a piece of paper.
Don't forget today is the last day for the training discount!
Don't miss out!
Promo code TRAINING.
he was eating and choked, passed out and fell on his head.
He will never walk again or sing as tube are allover him keeping him alive.
You read the Saturday Night Live book?
By the guys who wrote the ESPN book?
Christian says explore ways for more passively gathering data
Good morning people !!!
Sounds like a plan!
Occupy the tombs!
how long is hart out for?
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible
ha alright!
Wow.
Comic nerds ...walking?
Outside in the light?
Amazing.
Must have been bottles of Mountain Dew hidden throughout the city.
I tried a Doritos taco last night.
makearunfortheborder, that shiznik is goot.
Travel Insured Urges Travelers to Invest in Airline Ticket Protector As 2012 ...
PR Web
Will the Congress Unplugged!
video podcasts be available soon?
: Just because it's your common sense, doesn't mean it's theirs.
cc: so true!
Oh okay.
Playing wsop 1600 main in west palm beach.
Up to 37k from 20k starting stack at 100200 25 ante on a really wild hand.
EuroGayYemenGitmoBugs  Tonight on the
thanks for the follow!
we love to cook, too.
RT : Much praise for ADDY creative  support
WunderMap Layers API is just days away from launch!
Fire it up.
What will you build?
I spent more time picking out a font for my poem than I did actually writing it
I'm not tired yet.
One too many cans of MountainDew .
LOL  Yeah, I met some of them at WPC or TechEd last year.
no she not HappyBirthdayJanet
Thoughts on Vikes' doctorft?
you and Franco Columbo were monsters I really love the documentry you made in Pumping Iron!!
That's because I do the web site and a professorssional does the book cover!
I wish I had the old Bluejays back.
I miss when you dominated the court :
and you're so much prettier when you smile...
Today is my last day as mister AHS.
I'd just like to thank everyone for the opportunity, I wouldn't trade the experience for the world.
HaleYeah to my Reese!!!
RT : I respect the bob barker but no mother fucker touch my dogs balls
thank you baby.
Not the greatest feeling when you cry for no reason.
much better than being lonely.
thanks for getting my shirt!!
just let me know when it's in!!
Some boys think of girls just like books.
If the cover doesnt catch their eyes, they wont even bother to read whats inside.
Lois Lowry: It is very risky.
But each time a child opens a book, he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere
Opilio Crab tonight!!
Half off Every Monday!
Come and get it!
RT : Glad to see you at the park!
Hope you are enjoying it/ absolutely!
what a good friend!
Still shuddering at the meaty spider that I stomped on this morning upon her trying to enter my house as I left.
Shuddering.
Honk if you retweet!
Check out Mary McCormack, highlighted vendor at HRResourcePortal.Com.
International speaker and Consultant.
delete it!
I got it.
Its Monday Night Football at home!
49ers playing the Pittsburgh Steelers  Candlestick  5:30PM PST
that's a harsh caution!
Facebook has a bad flaw for its Facebook fan pages.
Any admin has the power to highjack the account and it's very hard to get it back from.
darlings...what a wonderful night...love you gals!
Don't really care what you think about Pres.
Obama but ending Iraq is massive.
It's bigger than anything.
Wait, pepper spray at Walmart!
Huntsman: Technology makes it easier to bully people in this day and age
Congratulations on the Tedx license!
i want to go fisshuing so bad man
I knew Packy was turning 50 this weekend  Had NO idea he was going to be knighted by the RoyalRosarians.
Will he wear a white straw hat?
Just started using twitter to publicize the book.
Stumbled across you on someone elses list.
Goodluck with student teaching.
I have!
It's great.
I have this horrible feeling that Brooklyn Decker and Andy Roddick are in a fight right now
Fuck I left my headphones
Blacklight: Retribution Review
Don't DM about how I should check out your new song.
I'm starving.
Can't eat them but they're delicious.
Tippet is such a sore loser!
im know i should'nt be missing about the past but i always fail to do so,hais.what's this.
Melodys from haven rain down on me
Tomorrow I'll be waking up at 515am to begin wiring the 15th floor of the BoA building downtown for electricity.
Summer jobs rule.
YEAH FUCKEN WIFE RAPIST
love you.
Don't miss EMIERTs Power of Multicultural Exhibits to learn ways to build intercult relationships, 6/27, 911am, Hyatt Regency
so nice to have a tastingmenuonly option in town!
I'm such a fan.
Interesting.
Sometimes it's just so hard to share the value of newer systems and ideas!
:
listening to black woman music 3
They never should have canceled doctorke and Josh.

Lincoln Center for the 3rd Night of the Winter Season: Balanchine's 'Concerto Barocco', a little Brecht/Weill  Strauss' 'Vienna Waltzes'
Every time I order sushi  the restaurant knows my addoctorss and order before I even ask, I thank god for whoever invented caller ID.
Why don't you guys comeover instead?.
All of you live close to me.
Yea Gasp has top quality.
Tell Michael hello and need to catch up when you can.
Have a safe trip
I know what you mean .
Home girl behind me won't stop chomping her gum in my ear.
Are you a cow?
biggestpetpeeve 
I think it's time for a movie marathon!
May the 4th be with you!
Bar hopping in chi.
Why is there more than 1 blue frog in river north?
Sometimes you don't always get what you want.
Sure, I'd read that.
RT : What we talk about when talk about moving our cheese, but were afraid to ask.
enjoying this time off...relaxin and watching tv
I want a shower like the one shown in the Kohler commercial.
The always entertaining is getting set to take the stage, get here for a night of tomfoolery and 3PBR Tall Boys!
I was prolly in college 20y before you, so it's been in disfavor to some extent for a while now
Got a Google invite and a Spotify invite within a couple hours..
Good day so far!
just putting my wagers in now : Hopefully we get aross the wire 1st in most.
Looking forward to the possibility of interactive movie nights at River Hills Pizza!
no shit we just turned it back
Can these kids please get away from me.
Nippy things they are.
Ugh.
las Vegas this friday:D four hour delay in Dallas tho ahah.funn:
One thing is for sure, I'm not trying to be famous,I'm trying to be SUCCESSFUL!
Ghost is on lifetime.
I swear that movie used to be better.
weird.
thanks man.
I looked into both of those options and got nothing.
But thanks man
There is just so much you can take.
Just tredmill  yoga
This chick so sad!
Nobody is THINKING about you and YOUR broke ass!
Stay out my TIMELINE!
Not sure, but I seem to be the only one in the office with the new size...
Just got two tickets to the UGA/GT baseball game tonight...
Now who is going with me???
Prediction: People freak when forced to new Facebook Timeline professorle.
Data will show time spent on each professorle/page increases 10.
What disciplinary action would Shanahan have taken if Kaner took one of Elliott's eyes out with the exploding puck shrapnel?
Thanks, Callie.
We appreciate it.
you sound like a girl.
Wow good work!
Congrats on completing your first doctorft.
I beat this person 5x in a row in wordswithfriends and they keep rematching!
Then call the May Tag repair man.
He has a better chance of fixing this machine than Hatcher does.
I want to Turn my anger into action  help in some way.
Maybe start a donation fund for the victims counseling.
Dick is dead...Long Live Vagina!!!!
Can you just love me ugh
I don't watch the NBA.
I just think the chronicles of Labron are funny
and you dont have to pay stupid taxes to rent a car because you're not an adult until then.
But I digress...happy monday!
:
Admit it....you wish you were in San Diego covering this....and then hitting the beach afterwards w/ a margarita in hand
A very manly muppet.
my face got sunburned today from PT
Hey Ladies..
Did yo Man doctorp you off at work in your 2003 Kia and pull off Blasting ?
Yo Relationship AINT SHIT!
:
Hello, weekend!
Jeremy, can Joker turn this thing around??
Or is it a lost cause??
Glad to see my president get gangsta a little.
IM GOING
So hi i'm Diana and i just got back from my bestfriend's dad's bday gathering : hbu ?
lmao
How do you like it?
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Dental Floss and most oral care products.
Sounds great.
I'll take two, please.
I'm jealous lol
Sorry for the MIA folks!
We've been working hard on our OneforOne...Stay tuned  stay
we are always in need of help bro!!
contact us to so we can chat.thanks for the support
Thanks for 644 Follower 
I know I'm not in Canada, but I'm nosing in on your talk anyway ;
don't die!
ouch..
SP suspended one year.
Mickey Loomis 8 game and 500k fine.
Saints fined 500k and a second round pick in 2012 and 2013.
Your hair looks good!!
Catch up son.
Thanks, friend, for wishing us well at INCBattleBands!
Much to be done, but we're hyped!
thanks Kate :
oh eat well, love ya babes
you too!
Good talking to you.
Stay well, and keep in touch xx :
Rage welcome some new players:Andoctorw Soehrmann,Michael Grabowski,Jordan Woodard,Montrell Stewart,Bobby Longoria,and Jon Giobardo.
Im actually working on a cover for No matter what so yay!
lol
congrats!
i just wish i can get some..
:
Orioles fans racing to BWI to see ChrisDavis land charter plane on runway.
Goodmornin , What's wrong ?
:/
Backstage at the RAVE for KISSmas bash, gonna interview the New Boyz in a few!
Hope your coming tonight!
French tourists all over and critical of my photo skillz
what can I say , Product2 be hittin!!!!!!
I adore her.
World's worst telemarketer?
This a.m.:I'm calling from the League of con...
con...Conversational Voters.
It's funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice.
But once you make one mistake it's never forgotten.
You can change it back in System Prefs ;P
Vote for HR1070
yes I'm so down with that.
Hopefully I don't get pissy again with the no blended options and the lack of chips!
DTV program great success!
: I've been thinking about doing the same as of late.
Not really a terribly good use of time.
Congrats!
The IceBergHunt is coming!
Follow next Tuesday to get clues on how to win a Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition ticket!
yeah it feels real.
I feel like a superhero now.
Maine was MAD BORING.
Literally nothing to do.
Hopefully transferrint to UMass Boston!
How's Bridgewater?
Line  fill in lips with a clear lip liner first, it'll keep the color from feathering or changing.
Good move by picking up  w/ Ralph Dunning to stay on as creative director.
Good stuff guys.
hey girl I sent u that letter....
check your PA email!
youu better :D
When I feel good students get good grades.
MBA professor Quotes taken outofcontext are fun
: the braves have been on fire lately!
yes sir..looking good
One client prep down at one jail.
Now to another more than 100 miles away...
At least if they are going to ruin my life with homework..
make it possible for me to complete I have so much left.
WTF i haven't stopped
manny is really puzzled by the portable dishwasher.
We also publish articles on travel, entertainment and psychedelics.
magazine submission guidelines
Kepler Lucas :HEY YOU, STOP...
ah, I'm pooped.
Go ahead and walk across the yard.
When did u start loving music?
And how would ur life be affected if u couldn't sing?
first the planet's heating up, now the moon's shrinking.....we're screwed
I did I didn't see anything in by which makes me sad : and have fun
Kings of Colorado to be released in audio format June 7!
It's just the rainy season nothing like ' music to listen to while it rains buckets outside
16 candles...doctoram of the past or future nightmare
I like cherries.
Do you like cherries?:
And when i try u shut me down.
I LOVE BOXING!
2012 Samsung World Rowing Cup I First medals awarded, final ...
Rowing News
if she has a really good sense of humor, send her the board game Operation...only if she'd take it well
hahaha my mom is so funny when talking about basketball players.
especially brittney griner.
I'm so done feeling like this
Front Desk Thurs: El rio de Chena, ok.
But I'm probably messing up w/ el perro en frente aka lead dog.
Not even gonna try wheel dog.
nah dude im going snowboarding this weekend..good luck though
MittRomneyFilms: Throw Momma From the train
Happy Monday SanDiego!
Let's make it a great week.
I can't wait either!
We're all so excited!
made fun of Kyle  nat.
The usual.
Up  Atom Ant!
Let's get this week rolling.
This is some real live movie shit!!!
Really enjoy your late night show.
Have been watching you from the very evening you began.
Keep the humor and fun coming
That's why I refuse to call Written tickets make it easier to prove their incompetence, if I need to.
Attention Diabetics...We are offering a FREE trial of Avandamet, Januvia,  Janumet.
Also, we have FREE Blood Glucose Machines.
Associate with of good quality, if you esteem your own reputation; for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Nothing like taking part in a dear friend's wedding to put things in perspective.
Things are good.
what will happen to traditional retail?
PEI Licensing, Inc.
Announces Agreement with PS Brands for Pro Player Socks MIAMIBUSINESS WI
man, u ok?
Just heard about another Tsunami over there?
look for teachers who demonstrate collaboration, systems thinking, innovation, reflection,  embrace ambiguity
I just want to sleep forever.
I'm tired of everything.
lol i love how after a vid plays on 106  park the artist AND the vid become a TT
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams  Ted Giesel, known as doctor Suess
Berlinale smells good in the morning!
three days away from my vacation
So fun!!
: OBT holiday revue with  Timber Jim was magic  joy....
RCTID
Her gender, race ad class were her true crimes.
Managed to retain some dignity getting through security...Chicagobound for shoot.
Happy Easter!
Boys II Men  I'll make love to you : I love this song :
You, too!
Shots of chartreuse.
Yep, that kind of night.
it was great to meet you!
looks like far west enders will have best chance to see some clearing later into the afternoon and evening.
Enjoy your Sunday!
Key insight by at bcltorphanworks day 1  To assess fairness, must look at who bears error costs of orphan works scheme.
gaby's is a cool spot and all but our man Q might be hyping it too much.
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching...my car into reverse and doctorving away from the accident.
Rush Limbaugh fired!
A welfare plan for a bunch of supposedly intelligent educated people who took risks?
Sorry.
Doing nothing is far better policy.
I'm not wearing fucking shants...
We're on Yahoo.
CCFFL2011 ID PassWord
I declare myself captainin Obvious today 
Open the Shelby.tv app, then doubleclick the button to reveal your phone's openapps menu.
ATTENTION WORLD!!!!!!
BATTLESHIP WAS AN EPIC MOVIE That is all.
Africa ain't ratchett?
EGYPT PASSES NEW FAREWELL INTERCOURSE LAW .
.
.
WHERE A MAN IS ALLOWED ONE TIME .
.
.
TO HAVE SEX WITH HIS DEAD WIFE!
i did it i have two sources that i can use for most of my paper and now i need to craft a masterpiece of melvillian criticism by tuesday
post that on my facebook wall, watch my mom like it
I dont think you can buy a panda anywhere!!
SIT YO AXX DOWN!!
Tripe checking.
Is that like a gut check?
Glad to hear it!
O, gonna be a FUN week for ya!
YAY!!!
Doing well here.
Loving all this sunshine :
yo phone on?
We will look into it.
Thanks for the heads up.
Doing whats best for me...not trying to hurt you!
ring ring ring ring ;
Thank you for an amazing journey today!
Thank Larry  Guillem, entire team, as well : impeccable
Yes!
They want to replace them all with computers going well, thanks!
You?
There are definitely not still flannel sheets or pajamas on my bed.
Waiting to see the doctor is nerve racking.
Just tell me whats wrong with me already!
is Jackson going to be at any more PBR events???
i love you....
hows sammy without the d man??
missing you  my mama wants dance lessons lol
Amplify the question rather than answering it on what information and technology ideally would do MCN2011
immaaa miss youu, my city of angels.
What are you getting dad/hubby for Father's Day?
Awesome to hear about the new site !!!!
Merry Christmas !!
Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is FREE today for your kindle.
Go to amazon for the free download.
Wow, thanks!
I'll take a look at these!
:
Live stream up and working
omg.
I'll look 4 the name of the cookies I bought the other day.
U might fall off the wagon 4.
Morning clinic shift makes for a great start to the week.
Love seeing patients!
Hey !
it was nice seeing you to , I hope all is well
TwilightQuiz Starting At 6:30 Winner Gets A Undetemened Prize Tweet Me If you In
the somebody that I used to know cover was amazing
OMG 2 weeks left in the year.
What's been your favorite moment of 2011?
Sitting here listening to music.
I'd prefer free but premium is fine too.
Am looking for something with a similar aesthetic to seven five but more functional
Thanks 4 the mention
In my lab working on something smooth and laid back.
Damn I need to learn keys.
Cause it takes me forever to lay out my ideas.
My day consistss of laying in bed and watching tv haha yours ?
:D
Columbus Day should be replaced with Leif Erickson Day: 1.
Leif was here first 2.
Nice Beard 3.
Did not commit genocide
HappyMonday !
Have a productive and blessed day!
offal truck  bankrupt truck
If you Acknowledge the Truth  Resolve to confront it with a commitment to Pursue...the solution will manifest itself.
Why is school so boring, I've been here for 5 mins and wanna pull the hair out of my head
ladies, meet my Eye sight UP here
Jeff Corwin...conservation conflict  habitat loss  medicine comes from rainforests!
Still news vans and people at beverly Hilton for Whitney.
because I'm a caring BEST FRIEND and need to know all this crap.
Dear Pauly D, i love u all but i u need to move over.
I would like to see Thankyou.
Sincerly, an ICONiac:
im not mikey, but happy birthday c:
Not a big fan of white Hispanic, Over the yrs., tend to describe myself as 1/2 Hispanic when people ask.
OMG i just realized that ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER is a Trend Worlwide ahahah omg!!!
nn
Had a crazy good time at improv tonight with
Get realtime tracking of all referrals sent and received, allowing you to maintain full accountability www.SmartGuy.com
good my friends bye the love to all
Social Impact Bonds: New Winds of Change in Canada  Pro Bono Australia
hate to break it to you, but from the moment we are born, we start dying
Your welcome America.
St.Patty'sDay
Harry, I took care of it...
Performance can improve simply by workign harder.
Innovation changes the experience of working alltogether
In the heat of the night
Praying for my fellow Hoosiers impacted by the devastating tornadoes today.
It will all work out Unnie!
I promise!
I know what you mean though I like to have plans in place to, the unknown is scary
but that is def tweetworthy.
i still think the bus doctorvers for the 88 bus are the nicest.
the fairest one should never be a ingenue hateful shebully, but someone who, like you and me can truly be extraordinary.
I need a haircut
Either way, I'm bound to disappoint despite my valiant effort.
I feel the same way...but I ask questions so I can be the listener.
You and I would not be good in a conversation together.
Lol..
I hate it when people hate on the people you most love, i feel like stabbing them.
I need to buy a new helmet.
Mine makes me look like a douchebag
how are you??
Come over soon....
We miss you
That awkward mpment when I should have shaved my legs.
SOLSKETCHES IS SEEKING GALLERY SPACE FOR UPCOMING ART SHOWS/EXHIBITIONS  VISUAL ARTIST COLLABOS  In need of an AR REP  Inquire within.
rbms09 RBMS announced today that preconference registration has reached 225 registered attendees.
200 spaces remain open.
RT : ..lock the memories in a box  move on!!
:
smile Live.Love.Laugh
I have one and it was worth the money.
Get it!!!!
Tonight's episode of GossipGirl was great...
you both amaze me every week
thanks for calling me a nobody.
:
If you get them you should tweet us a pic!
We're all about showin' off some
i tlk to him somehow through someone not all the time but maybe once a year hahaha.
lmfao thats all
5 South Commerce/Downey, why do you hate me so?
MyThoughtsDuringSex  I love you / mythoughtsaftersex  get me the f out of here
Welcome to all our new actors  casting directors!
Just suffered my first loss on my bracket!
DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me?
9
Coda on Sunday evenings is a great hang for Latin Jazz in SF Check it out
Why sit around doing nothing when you can go out and do something?
Be responsible, stay above the influence.
Be kind to your dentist.
He has fillings, too.
Woke up to Easter sunshine!
Have fun today.
hi jacob!
Not soon enough, but it'd be MEGARIFFIC!
RT : When are we getting a captainin N and the Game Master game?
Sid does it.
We love to watch the bocci tourney on Saturday!!
And of course the awesome food  wine
nmisteralestate I am here.
At 8th grade career day in Racine  going to give it to them straight...
this job is EASY ;
It's really HOT!!
today.
i said the same thing
hahaha I was like Hey Colleen!
then I was like why am I so stupid....
Watching Boys playing handball
Jewish Proverb Dont look for more honor than your learning merits.
I want zaxbys
and amp and coffee together
Unbelievable shootingstar coming down over Tampa Bay 10 minutes ago.
I thought it was going into the bay.
you're wonderful
Love isnt love until you give it away.
Unknown Author
Dear men,when comin 2 d gym,wear spandex underneath ur shorts,some of US get distracted seeing ur tiny tools dangling pendulumly..annoying
Obama's call for firing bad teachers gets standing ovation.
ok Lets Do that!!!
or you Can Give it to Me then I'll Give it TO Her From Me and you!!
Just doctorpped in the mail  let us know where you end up sticking them!
:
screw that, i smoke too and i dont like it.
but i get pissed when people tell me that i shouldnt
Nothing changes if nothing change  Earnie Larson
The Cubs are starting to play some good Ball.
OUTSIDE SHOW Feb Sun 06 Cream, Bread, Butter 08, Peaches 7
I wish durant was on my team lol
Students are more engaged the less I say.
That was a makeup
I made the pb/apple/banana sandwich today!
Wow, so good!
Didn't toast mine but I wish I did.
there is nothing more precious to me than time with my
Confession time.
I have never seen an episode of Twin Peaks.
gave you a shout out on wake up w the Wagners downtown bootcamp
Your Honor, can I be represented by a bear instead?
How I imagine Kangaroo Court
i don't know which park i'll be at hahahah
OH: raw unpasteurized milk is, like, a gateway doctorg to all kind of other dairy
it's funny.
I just said that to some friends!!!
Karma it's for real!!!
Is the baddest man on the planet, wow, what an F'n awesome video.
Thank you for saying it...
I used to do it when I smoked, its counter productive.
But DAMN it feels good.
gets into yr blood stream much faster
Monica looks amazing now shooting beauty look!
Just heard Lotus Flower Bomb, def a hit...
something about rap and rb that just mix so well!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Blazers vs Hornets and winterhawks vs rockets tonight...blazers need a win, winterhawks look to advance to 2nd rd
Wow, a much closer game than I thought.
Not a day goes by that I don't think of you.
I could not be happier about being on TheGoodWife!
It completes my Sunday night, he's amazing
Bailey lives in Tacoma!
Pressure creates diamonds  stress causes heart attacks
No matter you're going in life,never forget where you came from..
Absolutely!
Thanks, Jennifer!
I didn't know there were Hobbits from Mexico?
I'm looking at you Mario Gutierrez.
I remember saying last year that the summer of 2012 could be one of the biggest of all time.
Guess I was right so far.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary
When you breathe deeply, your diaphragm doctorps down and your belly swells outward, expanding your ribcage, opening up more space.
Walktalk  Josh Lyman now appearing in my feed so I guess I gotta start watching parksandoctorc.
After hoc, therefore something else hoc.
one less paper cut to worry about!
Yeehaw!
Hoedown 2 is tonight yall!
We dont have a mechanical bull but our 5 whiskey double cocktails are the best next thing.
Mtg underway now at CV city hall re: potential mandatory spay/neuter ordinance.
Another one Sat.
Oct.
29 at 9 a.m.
Playing 2k12 till I crash and fall asleep.
Best singer in 50 years...
yvsoupsunday was a great end to a great weekend!
Lots of fun and lots of good food!

requires ability to read.
Must stay impartial.
ha.
What a queer, rooting for the rays.
Merry Christmas everyone.
Enjoy it.
Stay warm and doctor.
Nano spiders and more techno bugs!
Yikes!
Hope I'm not allergic to the bite
Sharing a bottle waitress with flo rida
Did your childoctorns sleep patterns change as they grew?
bill oreilly is a mile wide and an inch deep!!!
doesn't look like it...
She said she didn't wanna be with kc anymore
I'm going to play soon as well, it ran yesterday.
Usually we can start it if it's not running yet
lol that was too crazy!
You were so slick about it :P
Just some guy.
Whenever he shows me some Apple toy I just say, that's nice.
It totally pisses him off.
I love it.
Our Sacramento office closes at 3 p.m.
today and reopens Tuesday, Jan.
3, 2012.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from CAOC!
Mom convinced me to keep bugging about coming down to the station.
She thought I had a future in TV.
i'm not gonna teach you how to dougie because there's some things you should figure out on your own.
The excitement I get when a friend of mine is tagged in a FB pic from someone who I'm not friends with and album is public is embarrassing.
what's your favorite thing to bake ?

finna go to college Study
Oh lord.
i was so scared!
Never do that again!
Working on a kids booklist.
Why are there so many books about orphans?
SO EXCITED!
Gonna be AMAZING33
is checking out Google
When Whittney boo calls me and I dnt answer, then i call her back and she sends me to voicemail :
Pretty Little Liars .
Yummie Apple Pie 
I really need to close my eyes !!
Comment the pics and ill return the favor.
Texts are welcomed: FaRmEr'S DaUgHtEr 3
So my bros best friends bro can get free tickets to anything happening in the bank Atlantic center can I have 1D tickets for July?
Lolol
We will miss you, Whitney Houston.
You have allowed me to dance with somebody..somebody who loves me
Bout today at 3pm!
Doors are at 2 so be sure to come early and get a good seat!
FF everyone talking about
Use a margin strategy instead of just revenue.
10 is from dues.
Rest is certification and events.
No margin, no mission
Had a doctoram that followed me..
it was nice seeing you, too!
what time you goin be done w work
Love California for photographing Native cultures...
So many tribes...
so little time....
lol hush up n thanks
It doesn't get any more ignorant than Bartow County, Georgia.
The crowd at ladygaga is doing the wave!
ThingsIGottaTeachMySon how to have class  be a gentleman.
Home today?
and I are in an episode of Emeril's Table  11am on Hallmark Channel.
Lololol hahahaha I'm dying!
I'm sorry u got sick but dang 6lbs....can I get food poisoning!?!?
But they gave us wine, art  le grenouille.
Feel better!
RT These frenchie ancestors of mine are turning into a migraine
practice moved to saturday...i actually have a thurs night off...hm what to do?...
jstnhgn
i cant wait until fred2 comes out...IM SOO EXCITED!!!
RT : I aint mad or sad or nun....
I dont feel shit right now .
IsThatBad ?
7lbs down!
Woo!
Beautiful tribute to Cathy Hughes imageawards.
Almost wish I didn't have to take off in a bit, love to watch the rest of this.
RT : Discovered an interesting pc of CA govt history today at sfmoma: Office of Appropriate Technology.
Happy New Year!
Here's to being grateful for all we have and following our doctorams in 2012!
That's actually a good question I hope they'll answer it in their next interviewEveryone's curious
just checking to see if everything is all good.
Any links?
This week: contract fight heats up at Uic, Christmas caroling the mayor who stole Christmas, fighting for Chicago city clinics.
My family can work a nerve
My birthday this Saturday RT if we have the same birthday !!
you are one hott man in that suit.....good luck on finishing the race babe!!
Be ready for May 23rd Deepstack tournament is COMING!
What a day did some work, had a great time with my awesome family, and now it's time to hang out with just the wife..
Great day!!
DSIC12 announces SemiFinalists!
Thanks to everyone that has posted, voted or supported the record number of projects received this year.
I noticed you are in England so this might be random but do you guys celebrate cinco de mayo there like we do here in the states?
I just started back up in the last few weeks, do that shit!
No excuses :P
Beautiful day in Tucson.
What are your plans?
idedicatethiscupofhenny to !!!
Let's get this paper!!!
Me either .!
Lol
I'm so happy!
with a tie
Good night NM!
...Update!
Things are progressing nicely!
Right on schedule : PICS coming soon!
just had to go there, didn't you
I don't have a bucket list but my fuckit list is a mile long...
So much to do,so little time.
and I mean that in the best way possible.
what's your news....I'm nosey.lol
Hi there!
Tks for the follow!
Appreciate it!
Looking forward to your tweets!
It's freezing in the Midwest.
I'm going to go swimming in 's eyes.
Later.
if it's anything like his past ones he will knock it out of the park!
If you knew anything about the Jewish religion you would know that we still mourn the Egyptions who died in the time of the Exodus!
We love Baldwin  a bachelor and nice guy.
Is he still hanging around Gtown while not on some sortuva mission?
On the grind til 5 then show feat.
B Mc C at Maple Tavern in the Grove at 9!
Make sure ur there tonight n if u need directions hit me up!!!
Use the moderator feature in Visimeet to control other's audio and video input
Im Cool.
Did forget to pay their website hosting bill?
thanks!
looking forward to it!
:
good question think you could make a detour?
No problem hun.
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
3 E.S
and CalzoneConfessions I have to miss PLL because I'm doctorssing for the other creation
One word: loud
I wish I could take your class, educate the youth.
We need it more then ever.
Another thing humans will always do better than robots  Dance Flamenco!

ok, I will ask them when to expect.
thx.
can't wait.
want them in all 3 colors for my bike rides!!
Ha!
So true.
RT : I thought some foreign radio station was on, but it was just Dave Matthews WhatIsHeSaying?
My brother from another mother what is up!
We need to connect.
Panda Power!!
Happy New Years EVE!!:
I missed you the other day.
Know anyone looking to buy a home in Texas?
We are closing some killer rates right now!
he hasn't said anything.
Maybe he's still sleeping?
I, on the other hand, wasn't happy to wake up this way.
finally registering for MARAC  having difficulty choosing a Fri PM session.
Childhood interest vs.
current job vs.
getting my next job.
Guns and roses tonight welcome to the jungle mutha fucker
Thrilled to be giving a seminar today on Roof Integrated Solar to my friends at the Roof Consultants Institute in Manassas, VA!
back to back rings!!!
Dear man.
i thinking about japanese cuisine for experimonth anyone know of a good cookbook.
also thinking about sushi!
looking forward to IUBB making a run in the Big Ten tournament.
But first, ready for another doctorve for 5 for
RnSWQBPl3 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Free Zumba and Yoga classes at the EP library this month.
exactly.
It's something about the fat and the spice.
You dab wasabi on the fish and the dip a corner of the fish in soy sauce
Thanks : And thank you for following me as well :
I need a weekend to get over my weekend...ugh
School probably isn't happening tomorrow.
What is the info for the summer park tour, could you dm me the info please
and I will NOT be giving my 2 week notice at work we didn't win the MegaMillions but it was fun imaging that much 
ima loose my composure
What type of bowl?
China, Corelle, Wood, Expensive....
the whole rihanna and chris brown thing was over a text msg?
oh ok that is super dooper cool
I dont have a crush on him chill lol well its cause hes a young man that speaks out about bullying and hes making a change
Roger that.
Sounds like we might miss ya.
Travel safe!
I kept my promise, don't keep your distance
Hey Jamie, losings never fun, but here's something to pick your spirits up.
It's real nice, I got it at Target, it was on sell.
What the hell ?
DOWNTON ABBEY Season 2....about to begin.....
Hi Grace!
I'm interested in hearing more about StartingUp Now and looking forward to hearing the presentation at !deation!
Sounds good!
it's perfect for that!!
If you eat until you are sick you gotta sleep until your better
thesitter is awesome and funny!?
wow that's a lot of pressure!
getting paid to sit in traffic.
It's likely for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic limitations and problems.
who do I contact to invite you to speak?
Blessings man of God
SUP WHOREEEE D
I would hope No one would want to be me, but i love you and i and fabulous
I had!
I routinely laugh at your Jason Bay avatar....but thankfully he's weeks from coming back!
so I look less...but still
Were you born a bigot?
i think nose studs look weird on guys but everything else looks good
At home watching Chelsea lately.
I love her!
Lol
I Hate Pity.
If they try and hide it I can see it in their eyes.
I'm strong  independent.
I can deal with things myself.
I am not weak.
seriously tho!!
Or like their friends that don't wear em!
It's a good question ugh.
I'm just tryna understand lol
First tweet:.
made the cut, as did , Finally southland is back.
Bring on walking dead
Rant and gush
Good, I give a cyber cuddle to bab, how you feeling?
x x
Thanks!
I hope everyone enjoys the weekend!
Anybody who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach flunked geography.
Nationals C Sandy Leon, making his MLB debut, leaves with a right leg injury after a collision at home.
Do they sleep at night?
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate, our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure
ugh just use 69696969 then hahahah
Great to see you connected with your
put them in the torture rack like lex luger.
after?
send me a pair of the entourages.
right on playa.
Ok God, I'm going to do your work.
Help my WhiteSox out....
It's not just flopping.
Block/charge arc has made refs lazy.
They don't look at body positioning, only whether in or out.
I love it when all the local Starbucks serve Cafe Verona.
It's like they're saying, We're really sorry for Pike Place, Tim
Traveling a lot for Google.
Shooting videos.
High fiving people when appropriate.
I'm doing well.
You?
Marian is now breaking down Dcenter Baltimore's us of place and relationships as a material.
If you ever hear someone say I'm bored in Milwaukee they don't know what they're talking about.
this Thurs.
at
sadly, im often up at this hour ...
What's your buggest frustration in life?
No one knows her heart conditions
Aspic.
Meat jello?
I'm makin some.
I'm not the clingy type if you don't wanna make it work then fuck it I'm done
What's good!?
Did you ever finish that BE track?
The thoughts in my mind are an ENIGMA!
Long enough to know what a sub par NFL QB  high school football coach look like.
Style is my choice of doctorg, and fashion is my dealer L.N.B.
Style
Hoping to get a movement started to KEEP THE BEAVERS IN PORTLAND!

Should I buy you a Tebow jersey for Christmas this year?
Who would have guessed reading and writing would pay off?
Homer Simpson
The international conference is coming to Denver soon!
We are excited to meet you all!
quick moment to gloat...fixed home wifi and it didn't cost me a single cent
reasonsThatimsingle incollege gin and juice and Chris Hansen , my life story told in twitter trends
will begin 0 seconds of meditation in 0 seconds with
that would be the hand rail!
Happy birthday America!!
Here's to many more!!
how do u do the hash tag thing
Woohoo!
All done with Christmas shopping and mailing out presents all that's left is cookies.
Knicks have to trade Melo or bring in Phil Jackson
Load Up With Banner  Text Ads Credits Special  10000 Traffic Exc., 25000 F.
Ad, 50000 Banner  50000 F.
Banner Credits  9.98
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think.
When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Two of my favorite print publications:  Still a huge fan of news that I can hold in my hand and twist  bend.
Still not convinced?
Psychic will be offering tarot readings on Saturday and Sunday.
Are you too frightened to know the truth?
I don't know where all that just came from but I guess I deserve it somehow.
Dude.
holy fuck....oh my god..
When i hear those tornado sirens..
Im runnin.
I'm in the wrong department :
Victory cigarets are more enjoyable.
And now I'm awake sick
Welcome, Patron of the Arts :
omg i cant wait to see pictures :
get a kindle.
Happy Hump Day, tweethearts!!
I love you and your tweets:
OperationDarkFoxx has turned my pillow orange.
The Horse is outta the Barn!
A double play then 5 Ks in last 6 batters.
Pioneers lead 91 as we go to top 9th.
I love that NeNe is finally being the peace maker!
I have punk
I need an awesome door prize to get people to my annual HOA mtg so we have a quorum and get things done.
Ideas?
Offers?
We're in 78240.
sign me up, graphic designer in Cincy
I'm just gonna yolo tomorrow.
And tonight.
And every night.
Ha.
Hit up at 4pm to get some good brew and bites from !
RT : actors It's strange when you don't have 1 single smiling headshot on your commercial account.
Smile, w/ teeth!
:D
apollo just had a bath and his teeth brushed.
Now we're off to REI for some gear and a city hike tonight :
call me bru
Stop that.
Get a new doctor.
Move to Australia.
My son just corrected my grammar in polite conversation.
Mani/Pedi with my lil sister, Chikfila, haircut, dermatologist, Christmas cards.
Busy day.
I sure hope so, I'm so happy, I'm gonna have a little bundle of joy : I like this US better then the Vagina one lol
Thanks for following!
im getting a haircut
Glad you could make it today!
See you online!
I might do fucked up things but u don't have to call me stuiped!!
Back massage while you get your pedi 
LAUVE this.
1st the Holdup now the Bike Line!
would be honored!
We're just working on getting a SM group started; we should talk soon re: details.
Tx!
Cuss iRelize That Im Your Woman !
I love him
Haa thanks for the otter love : but I've never been to Monterey, Cali.
I'm from Washington, silly.
wat would u rate me?
Which BCS bowl game are you looking forward to this year?
Wow.
This is intense!
'Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy' is such a funny movie hahah
Did you see Diego's radiant wife Sanra?
Seriously, I might have fallen in love with her, too.
We are selling our Tuscan bread, normally 4.50, 40 off today!
:
EveryTHING comes to HIM who HUSTLES while HE WAITS.
As quoted in Thomas Alva Edison aka Thomas Edison the inventer of the  Light Bulb .
Need to tame those curls?
Purchase the hair lotion Curl Talk by Naz Kupelian to finally get those touchable curls you desire!
sings You Da One that I doctoram about all daaayyyy
What's up homie
lets go
Hurry up meeting!!!!!!!
