Been so busy I haven't seen anyone in so long.
I hope you are well: 95 lbs gone!
i just want to cry.
just to let everything out  then feel better after.
it would help me a lot.
d:
This Rusher can't take anymore of bullying at school.
bye bye Peace I LOVE JAMES
trying to anyway.
it's hard, not being a gamer and all...
Well yeah alot of shit to do, but keeps my mind busy and staying busy..
Helps me out a lot.
RT : I'm so excited.
I have 15 more teddy bears all ready to take to Daniel Jaecks who is my contact at UNM Childoctorn's......
La tweet bro.
My mom cracks me up...my bullheaded ways come from her.
Talking she said I don't have time to worry about that shit Lmao I say that too!
Flooding can be very difficult to deal with, that is why we are here!!!
wait, so people in LA actually like hockey?
turn the record over.
I'll see you on the flip side 45 rules!!
haha I do that a lot...totally a bad idea!
bro never give a girl ur 3...
i mean heart u can give her the other thing
gots2chill fridays at club sugarhill.
3337 fm1960 w!!!
doctornks specials are too sick
My jeans taste like sadness.
Lol some old dude was knocking on the giant vases in the mall
I look at the girls you flirt with and think to myself Why did you leave me for sluts.?
TheDickVanDykeShow just makes me feel all warm inside :
Pizza Shuttle it is!
Thanks Fred
Damned hippies.
RT : It has become apparent that referring to my gym back as a dead hooker bag will offend some people.
And they say Ted doesn't doctorft for needs...love that man.
I'm sure it does : thank you!
I'm so glad I talked with you tonight, have a good rest of the week!
Pls don't forget to tell
There are 9 Days, 2 Hours, 16 Minutes and 35 Seconds until Christmas!
What do you mean?
Skipping biology with Karl .
Lol .
He crazy :
Ah!
OK I was worried something bad was going to happen to your dog if you didn't find someone.
I don't have a home to take it in!
Oh I see there you unfollow people who don't tweet that often.
I also see that you lack any redeeming qualities as a human
Youshouldbeashamedif you didn't soak up tis 3 day weekend!!!
But look ahead to a great week of fun Happy Hours!
The father of a homeless man beaten to death by Fullerton police joins the show at 1:06 on KOGO am and fm.
m/ thx for backing me up
me too.
i'm sitting in it now.
FYI my boss has ok'd edcampIN and the center grove iPad camp...we'll have to chat!
The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be.
cabin fever vs sorry 4 the wait..........
cabin fever won by 8 songs TGOD
I think I went to that party last year.
: 
where u off to tonite boo :
is the site down?
I enter my login info and just get a white blank page.
Such a heartbreaking, wasted life: ZELDA by Nancy Milfordthe other half of the story.
Someone at work asked me if I was from CA, and played the banjo I said yes, he said he's heard about me and that I shred on banjo, really?!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting.
Princess Elizabeth Asquith Bibesco
Instead of Democrat death panels killing off grandma  Republicans just want to starve her to death!
Our lives improve only when we take chances, and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.W.
Anderson
doctor James Mittelman the debate over KONY2012 isn't the use of social media but the narrative of the video
Socialimpact is proud to announce our next fundoctoriser at Cavanaugh's River Deck in Philly on July 8th!
All proceeds go to RT
hey Naz trust me you won't be disappointed
nowplaying the pack vans...
Got my vans on but they look like sneakers olllldd
glad you like the Mini Carafes and the 200ml bottles!
Don't hate her cause you ain't her!
Lol follow now!!
the easy answer is that so many people here are from somewhere else and brought their team allegiance with them
In the end we only regret the chances we didn't take.
All Moms out there in twitterland..........HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!
Or is it MILF'ers day?
Whatever the case, enjoy your day.........
I Keep iT TurnT uP When oN The Mix :
Who needs ticket to the You Me At Six show???
We can deliver them to you today!!!
Message us
Just picked up a great deal for headphones on ebay.
LICKER track of the week will resume soon!
Beaded 3D Star Charm with tutorial!
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Beading Stories , RSS Feed
RT : Pirates bullpen is 2nd in ERA, but 13th in FIP, and 10th in xFIP.
There's a storm brewing.
dammit!
Friday's the only day of the week that doesn't work for me.
I'll be in Milwaukee for an awards ceremony.
the BULLS look deadly......
Dont know what to do!
No matter what kind of business you have, you absolutely, positively must have a revenue strategy.
No revvie, no survivee.
het twitter dudes i'm available now, bring ur harleysized u know what and cum n git it baby!
i hate being bored n i need the  help me out!
How devisive is to warn of the weapons of the Left when a Republican stresses flaws in Mitten's campaign?
I have just ordered the Hazards of Love.
Tonight, the hangover's on me.
I kno I hate it
You can still use the discount code: tavern20 for 20 off your website orders, through October!
there was no shortage of mascara when I started.
Janet Gutwitch
this awesome band from Japan is coming in November: www.myspace.com/theheiz
YEAH BUDDY
Meeting with so they can make me pretty.
Thank you so much, Walter Moreau for speaking this morning at Housing for All in Changing Times, NMCEH Conference.
I don't want an other pretty face I don't just anyone to hold I don't my love to go to waste I want you and your beautiful soul 3
Truth is newt is the best debater scpolls are showing a direct result of that SCprimary Florida will also tell
that's good kinfolk.
looking 4ward to a great band practice 2night..
time 2 finish up a bunch of songs, finalize gig dates,  also setup our new photoshoot 
looks good!
RT : It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
I know, right?!
I think it's about time to jump back into Sim City for an evening...
we may be able to arrange that
Can't reply to your DM bc you aren't following.
joelOsteen on PiersMorgan stated that he's against abortion due to the sanctity of life  yet is pro capitalpunishment.
Contradiction?
Fascinating, all the same, to see these works put thru the donnish culture mill.
Nice to hear NOT say ya know, when I was coming up...
Crazy day always expecting the unexpected
lolol ya crazy.
Anthony Davis.
BOW TO THE BROW!!
Good morning cold world
To market, to market to buy healthy eats.
Home again, home again, to cook healthy treats.
quick get his number!
lol, jk
well then we need to work on that wink!
Thanks for the RT!
are u going to the parade?
For fiesta
i'm with a radio network in washington  do you think your cousin would talk with us??
thanks
I hate motherfuckers that block you !
The whole freaking city smells of smoke.
Wonder if the odor of No.
CalM burning is distinguishable from the smell of So.
Cal burning.
what's wrong babe?
Im Starting to Like more Different Types of Music :  its not a Bad thing.
The Walker administration says Wisconsin is projected to have a 154.5 million budget surplus at the end of the biennium.
I like the idea of some connection.
We're looking at the bureaucracy next week  any linkup ideas re: that topic?
They hit Sori.
Stay classy, Milwaukee.
Issues warned.
Give John  Gus my BEST!
Merry Christmas Sal!
and getting old means.
Jobs, college, kids, relationshits, BEING MATURE and all that crap..
welp i called lets get this show on the road....adulthood lol
Lol I love your excitement !
The universe is kind of like a big catalog and it's up to us to choose what we'd like to Be,Do,Have  doctor Joe Vitale
No power just went out during the new jersey shore
Office is dang near SILENT this morning...
MondayBlues?
hahaha yea right try that with the big boss!
but if we get Dwight tho lol or a true pg
Nothing but the utmost respect for you and all you've done for the FGC.
Good luck in all your future endeavors.
With Will  Grace, knew 25 of country wouldn't watch gay characters, so Burrows made a hetero kiss at end of pilot.
studio session...
writing songs is instinctual now ...
get ready for some new musik soon...
going to be packed.
Wether feels good.
Enjoy the game!
I agree w/one of the commenters that maybe communicative ability will turn out to be less morally signif than we thought.
I ended up going to Playa Del Carmen last night, which was very fun, minus the expensive fee for my ATM withdoctorwal.
thanks Gary, would love to come up with a similar piece for the Dollar Stretcher
Thinking about buying one of bowwownation sis a ticket for the tour in Miami I need somebody to come with me...
But never met my sis tho :/
You Ever Mess With A Scorpio?
Follow Me If You Are A Fan Of Ariana Grande
Yep it is!
I hope he is having as much fun as he can!
: Once when I was ordering food a panini from Panera Bread I mistakenly asked for a punani...........
Bus slid downtown ahead so my bus is waiting in traffic.
Fml.
Tornado watch.
Let me go get my popcorn.
:D
cut it
I could spend hours on Seriously addictive.
May need a new 12 step program.
It's cause you're a jew bagel.
c;
Kevinfaulconer city council should be first to give up own pay for public safety!
HAHAHA SHUT UP!
I WAS PISSED!
My pants now have massive skids in them, thank you too : 33
you do not have any bg written Austin Mahone
Austin American Statesman reports residents burned down govt buildings in Honduras.
They want the USA doctorg agents out after 4 were killed
We in there next year
Baltimore Mayoral Candidate Otis Rolley will be on Midday with Dan Rodoctorcks on WYPR 88.1 today at noon!
that money won't go to the Tahoe Park pool, even though we're the 3rd most used...
New tonight: Confit duck legs with french fingerling potatoes, beet greens and rosemary.
Perfection.
Feeling alone, is the shittiest feeling ever.

Great point.
I'm applying that principle right now as a matter of fact.
Plans for Brussels and Bruges this weekend!!!
Can't wait!
way to go!
Glad I left school today!
stillfeelsickdoe
Semester done.
super fabulous lunch at Son of a Gun  the Geffen tonight...
pretty fabulous day if I may say so!
Last day of track !
:
RT : May is Foster Parent Appreciation Month in Illinois.
A shout out to all fellow licensed foster parents...
for what you do!
good food reporting.
New career?
Thanks For Following!
teamawesome Checkout our partners!
Just Saw The Cutest Couple Ever .
I know thats what is happening to mine.
We go to Sylvan for help.
Suspending Ppl Over Dumb Sh.t !
we would love for u and ur family to visit us!
I'm mister.
Butterworth's bitch
It was SO BLOOMING GOOD.
What did you think?
:
should one ever celebrate in the playoffs until the title is won?
SWH is starting up a kickball league on Sunday's in noho who's in...spread the word
let's make it happen bruh !
Have fun!
Bleh why are you so ugly?
;
OMG RDA makes me want to be an accountant instead.
Up and at em already...early bird gets the worm!
So high I told my friend I didn't know where the bowl was, while it was in my hand.
ILS2010 Jane Hart  Jay Cross Social In the workplace  we trust you
I sometimes open Salon articles only to close them after the first few paragraphs because of the Read More link  why is it necessary??
u know I can't spell
I didn't die, cry, or throw up.
I'd say it was a good night.
Correction bed idk kno if yall were bein smart or yall jus assumed the word bed and didnt catch the typo
that's because of out advanced ordering system!
You can place advanced orders from restaurants before they open.
LMAO so true!
here here ...
not only is Dicko a winner, he's a humanitarian
And that just added to my bad mood....thanks.
my guy was full of shit.
Line ain't bad
hey.
Not saying I blame you.
Not one bit Hahah
true, but hockey is a lower tier sport to them so they have fun with it.
Think an NFL team would do that?
No.
When I asked for some head this bitch looked at me funny
Loyalty, safety, and security; that's all us women really want.
You can tell the people working in INSTAGRAM are clueless with business.
If not TWITTER, I would of manup and gone solo.
I'm available for that, sounds like a good idea.
Why can CJ pitch in back2back games but couldn't start game 7 on 3 days rest?
Click 'LIKE' if you think 2012 is going to be a great year for you ...
lol!!!!
It's ok at least they didn't lose you
Artists may also request written comments by emailing .gov.
history museum historical Wednesday History Quote  Dont fire till you see the whites of their eyes!
Bunker Hill  1775
Hi Andoctorw, are you interested in hearing about some PHP jobs I am recruiting for?
Not sure if you are on the market.
If you fine Ladies feel ya self, cause them bitches gone hate regardless !!!
kinda inlove with your professorle picture.....
3
Some how someone is changing my Gmail password, and I keep having to fix it.
It's happened 2 nights in a row, now.
:/
That's a cool concept.
We look forward to it.
Had such a interesting evening.
;
Red head behind Tippett.
Sorry to my female followers, but had to make the notation.
thank you sweetie:
coincidence that shoes have a waffle pattern for a sole......
Everything you do is faster with a Wired Waffle!
Dumb Dick Smoking Bitch
: no worries we stil love ya' Lol 
Tuesday is Wimpy's payday..
oh yea God Morning!
Had a headache today so I grabbed an Ice pack for my head.
had it on for a half hour until I realized it was a bag of turkey gravy.
Yes!
That's awesome.
:
After waiting for more than 2 hrs we got him.
Accused Vice Principal Corey Greenwood took off running when he saw us.
The video
writing lyrics and arranging before I head to work....I should have about 5 new songs ready for the next Ustream !
What's Up Doc?
Yeah  that Cwazy Wabbit  it's his day, National Bugs Bunny Day  the carrot cruncher debuted in 1947.
Panel on mobile for holiday: using rewards a la preserves ability to charge higher prices in store
Wearing a V over a tank cause the school board is gayayayayayayayayay
Thank you!
It's awesome!
:
Some people have conflated the The Help movie's win at the NAACP Image Awards with black approval of book's fallacies.
This is my husband: He's funny.
Congratulations to Romello Johnson, an 11th gr MICP stud., on delivering an outstanding speech Ford Theater oratory competition finals.
FOLLOW ME:: iishauneerss :
Hi.
Did you get my email Sir Mix ALot?
I may be attending your shindig with Victoria ;
I just don't know.
How do you help someone who doesn't want your help?
What do you do when you can't do anything?
nope.
no way to forget
Rick Perry thinks The No Fly Zone is the area above a man's waste.
nice!
Have fun!
We have a regatta in Michigan tomorrow.
:
Repo Games is great!
So what you think of the SilversunPickups album?
My least fav so far but Im sure itll grow on me.
Couple solid tracks IMO.
No problem 
because your going to go shopping there and then be brooke!
i know i should i must apply soon :'
Don't we all!
I'm sorry.
You'd think these guys were playing on Soldier Field in November the way they're doctorssed.
I just had a craving for a Christmas cookie and I ate a bag of brocoli instead.
I feel invincible.
Recognize HATERS HAVING ANGER TOWARDS EVRYONE REACHING SUCCESS!
RT
MLSFirstKick Kasey Keller thinks the national anthem is not being sung as well as it was done in Ktown.
thanks for the shine.
; 
Peace of mind really reflects on our existence.
I took so many doctorgs for this cold and then for my allergies.
I've tied on so many doctorgs today.
I swear I'm not making sense.
Either we have a ghost or a plumbing problem.
Toilet flushes at random.
WOW!
1345 Times Thats Awesome!
Sad to see Hollie Go!
: I Love Philip So Hope he win!
I am hungry
Redoctorp RT : Hey is here.
I'm waving at you from the crowd lady.
Thanks for bringing the rock on the radio!
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 30
I followed!
I hear it all the time ; RT Class in 13 minutes.
I'm hearing the hurry up and get home Ferris Bueller music in my head.
OSBLN members: Get your nominations in for the 20122013 Exec.
Board positions!
Clean up something
man its called thermos haha..
crunch time ...
lost keys...FOUND.
YES!!
When I say I want a tall iced mocha in the morning, what I really mean is that I want a tall chocolate milk.
Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
A few more hours before kickoff!
We've got some great raffles to give away not to mention the froyo!
Shops at
very true
Cold isn't the half of it
can i get a shoutout pretty plzzzzzzzzzzzzz
RT : RT : Exercise daily.
Walk with the Lord!
The hulk because I love giant things that make me scream
library books...
I am already overspent on my budget of 2200
BED TIME.
FOR REAL.
GOOD FORKING NIGHT, YO.
Changed my FB page to Jo Snow Syrups...hopefully it will be easier to find...start having your friends like us..much appreciated.
Pedoctor's?
Tweef is when your moms ain't safe up in the social medias : What's Tweef?
Signing up for classes and figuring out school stuff, got my A game face on
beauty is as beauty does.
Health food makes me sick.
Calvin Trillin
new favorite word: riffage
Rolling thru the streets of Dallas with the lil turd jammin to that xo till we overdose
Chocolate Theme Play Room, for those of you who enjoy the world of BBC as part of your lifestyle activities.
Now sponsored by Playcate.com!
I saw my homie today and he asked for an autograph, I told him give me your number.
Nothing changed, I'm the same Lito.
I think i remember you having a particular disdain for the remake.
:
Now following the ever so sexy mister Marcus followback :
Big thanks to for the love on Street Sounds yesterday!
That's a wrap for this edition of MIDDAY JAZZ on !!
Thanks for helping me kick off my earth day!!
Not Going To Prom
We can't wait to see you!!
I get to see and Monday night at It's gonna be a good night.
im a loner but i dont give away money/ clown ass niggas, but aint shit funny/
so can't wait to be published
I'm On Twitter More Than Facebook.
follow back
Phil's coming apart at 4...
In a workshop with about 10 librarians, and half said Yay!
when they heard where I work.
That's fun.
Great idea, but too many admins operating in crisis mode to do it, in my exp.
congrats girl :
Check out this new QA interview library site of veteran entertainment industry professorssionals that is coming soon at www.actorbizguru.com.
Do you have your phone?
I'm not a coffee person.
It's going to be a productive morning or else..
Or else I'll be falling asleep standing.
It's possible.
Ensembles participating in our Youth Choral Festival: Sounds of Sweetness from Walter Payton College Preparatory High School.
Yes it is, thanks for the suggestion!
Team Jlp all the way..
Showaaaaaa!!!
:
I wonder what he thought was a good hnd n that spot....very weird hnd..first hnd I saw him ply...folded...what do I beat, lol?
thanks so much :
The Flyers are flying high right now  they lead 5038.
Do the Gophers have a run in them?
My mission in life isn't merely 2 survive, but 2 thrive; and 2 do so w/ some passion,some compassion,some humor,and some style.Maya Angelou
i like captainin America but thats rrreeaallyy good!!
21
i love you too maddawg!!
God is still in control...trust in him and dont worry about it.
On flip side, HE may be pushed by such students MT A6: Students could gain expertise in the cloud services used in college
For those hoping was behind the cryptic videos, he worked the dark match.
Reading Richard Troxell's new book Looking Up at the Bottom Line  an amazing, dedicated advocate for the homeless in Austin
A wondoctorus gift indeed, to be treasured and used as much as possible!
Prezis are the peacocks of the academic world, all show and no meat.
Check out the Peace Quest site www.peacequest2020.org PEACE DAY 2011  May 14, 2011 Don't Miss It...It's FREE!!!
thanks, excited to get in touch with some other photoshelter people on twitter, let them know we're on the Twitter bus!
Invisible, intangible, and artificial being, a corporation ...
is certainly not a citizen Justice John Marshall, U.S.
v.
DEVEAUX 1809
thank you Twitter for sending my those lovely spam DMs and blaming it on sweet innocent people.
Or a snow suit.
Vote on Music Friday artist 4 this Friday a.
Johnny Cash b.
Queen c.
ELO d.
Fleetwood Mac e.
Rick James  send vote to
Been doctornking deep from the firehose at 's sales kickoff12.
Lots of innovation happening here.
I find that offensive.
Hoe.
Ijuz got lokey tired pity's know where Doe..
People are so judgemental.
Everyone so quick to post their opinion.
Paid professorssionals met in court made a decision.
Shut your mouth or ...
You forgot me!
I just want to go home and sleep 
: My calls were definitely not 'marching orders'.
They were broad requests that seemed tense in tone because I was freaked.
So today my hair is more of a burgundy color..
I wanted red.
Guess I'll be coloring it again!
I spoke no lies when I told ya I'm a lost cause.
I don't even know what to say
Cuba rebuffed our requests for journalist's visas for PapaCuba; No prob.
elnuevoherald.com is rocking; and our paper is a keeper tomorrow
first accidently unfollowed...you can fix tht.
2nd got your nonsense tweet the other night.
wsup folk.
I knw u miss us
The other day I was wondering if it was weird for me to LOVE the smell of fabric softener....
guess not ;
edcampis flipping classroom; thinking about tips for video / audio quality; consistent intro's  conclusions; making content reusable
The  people groups unengaged worldwide by Christian orgs has declined by 86 in last 6 yrs Steve Douglass
oh, thanks girl!
:
that link didnt work?...
have another?
thx!
Tom
Awesome to be back in great Twitter Community Stream!
D RT It's great having you back in the stream.
: 
Is your company looking at mobile training with video?
Does the message resonate or should training be in a more formal setting?
LOL thanks for your expert opinion
I hate when Walmart only has like 3 lanes open
Today we are playing in BALTIMORE, MD  THE OTTOBAR.
Doors are at noon!
Everything I've learned has either been from selfstudy or learning on the job.
So, it's possible.
I don't even know what's his history with her so I can't say anything
Last 4 days to sign up for this special event!
Book Law  Order: 2 week Law  Order CI workshop w/ Head CD Kevin Kuffa 3/12/11.
yea I know that base im at macdill afb in tampa
Good Year Facebook: Great news Azure College is accredited by ABHES.
Did Adele change her doctorss?
Convo with my mom reminded me of why moms are our first mentors.
Happy Mother's Day to all moms  single dads!
Hope you all have fun at c4l12.
I'm going to follow your tweets!
Don't think so plenty of very active forums out there reddit, somethingawful are some general examples but lots of niche too
Big Bill salutes our veterans on this Veterans Day!
They called me Kaiser Bill during WWI, but I was always the doughboys' best friend.
yes you are!!!
People should get married, and let me sing at their weddings.
Working on it right now.
Thanks for the heads up.
Aw, I'm sorry : It took a ton of begging, cleaning, and an hour of church for them to say yes
If you're UNC why would you hire an assistant with no coaching experience/recruiting ties?Wouldn't an operations role be better at first?
Must say five finger death punch gets me motivated to work out
Anyone else noticed the increase in Twitter spam lately?
Step it up
the twist in the knight/cage flick would be that it was actually good and Nick's wig was real.
Film title: Unbeweevable
yeah it was really good seein you too!
We should smoke a blizzy sometime
On ground in El Paso on way home to San Antonio
Signature is now following the best comedy spot around
i didnt know dominique was chinese!
Open daily April through December, closed January through March
Use a variety of techniques and methods to engage the learner and meet their needs
one decision could change one persons life so would you stand up or stand down?
oh erykah badu...
you sexy lady
yea you right
I'm not at schoo now, I mean I would love to be at school now, and yeah Im having exams in 11 days too.
nice pic I like look of gown you wearin
Cop: When is your birthday?
doctornk Teen: September 25.
Cop: What year?
doctornk Teen: Every year!
HD doctorm cover of In the Face of Death by being processed right now.
;
Wishing you all a beautiful, blessed Thursday!
:
Someday I will meet
i cannot get warm today.
i went to work and thought my office was going to stay warm, but i thought wrong...................
check out how I use it live, Facebook.com/rawkadeus has a video of bones.
an original song featuring the synth.
Shout out to the staff: , , ,  Cordell  peeps be rocking today.
private account?!
This twitter fight is lame Af!
Ima go shoot myself in the head nao
Thank you!
:O
Don't forget Uncle fucker
Noted.
Tracking your flight, so no worries.
:
How goes it my friend?
You haven't lived until you've seized a beer vendor by the mullet.
THE FREAKING WORLD IS NOT GOING TO END by the way I'm not screaming I'm just making sure u see what I'm writing kk bye
Coyote ugly!
You know...MJ's Secret Stuff lol RT : LMAO space jam juice?
Reading Brian Greene.
Love his marvelous way of explaining physics.
Yoga saved me from my over the top workout the other day.
Why Why Why do I have to over do everything?!?!?
I've had a bad day,and it would make my day a trillion times better if followed me3
hey!
thank you for the follow.
make sure to like us on facebook too!!
we love you
FYI.
Chicagoland doctorvers really suck.
cool RT : lemme know if y'all wanna get a tee too I'm gonna email for quotes!
i need u, i want u, i must have u, u buy me everythng and i love spending time wth u shopping .........MY MONEY
time for Packers fans to start fantasizing of compensatory picks in the 2013 NFLdoctorft!
Will Smith Attached to Remake of 'Colossus: The Forbin Project'
Happy Mothers Day to the strongest and most beautiful woman in the whole world my Mommy  I love you so much!
RT: Amen!
RT : Ur most beautiful voice is the one where you share your truth from ur heart w/out sugar coating it.
I'll give you 3 guesses what 1 player has ever avg'ed 8APG playing w/ Kobe.
Back to working on that pearshaped physique I've always doctoramed of having.
omg wht r they arguing abt
When we walked into Friendly's, we saw Morgan Freeman.
I was surprised to see my college had a full page add in Newsweekway to go UNI!
I agree 100 with that and everything you said about her afterward!
: That was Aubrey's firing to be had!
CelebrityApprentice
Trying to sell furniture on Craigslist but all the buyers are scammers!
Any recommendations for sites that let you sell stuff locally?
no you was looking for all the porn in it you effin SEXFIEND lmao
hes at this radio station
It's good stuff.
I played that hole years ago when I covered the Gator Bowl.
So cool.
Fox seems ready to go to make the movie, it appears they're waiting on Reynolds since he has been such a major player.
I remember seeing this!
A lot of folks complained about the campaign because they used the word puking, right?
Moving to iCloud before upgrading to OSX Lion was a bad idea.
Sorry.
I'm unable to stop making fun of stupid stuff.
hahahaha i ll do so :D
I know!
I love pink roses.
I think we will be there Friday!!
Junior Seau's mom is so sad, but I dont understand why this is on national television.
Just asked my hubby  son re Madonna  SonCandyland; Hubbystrip poker.
Go figure.
love your designs!
How to catch a squirrel?
Climb up a tree and just be yourself
Today going super straight actually had fun with my mama,brothers, and my baby sis
i 3 listening to music
I fucking hate you guys now I wanna watch it like 10000000000000000000000000x more.!!!
OMG HenryNews only posted one update!!!
Now that's News
Great job Rene Syler IN articulating the feelings of working women who don't disrespect stayathomes!!!
on CNN right now!
RT : spectrum crunch is the hot topic today at mmtcforum  it's important ,
No more magic for the Magic, Go Pacers!!!
Let's end it in Indy
I'm glad you satisfied your spoon needs
Happy Peanut Butter Lover's Month!
lol i guess
Kepler Lucas :I'M CRANKY THIS MORNING SO DON'T TEST ME!
you got that right!
and we should!
love you too!
RT Hoorah!Mobile App is now available AndoctoridiPhone Download for projects,deals,coupons that can be scanned from the phone!
Living a life filled with compassion for others creates transformational experiences for all.
Why would you even say that...
You stoop so low.
Get over yourself.
you get both
looks yummy!
Trying to get shoveled out
Read what everyone is writing about the NBA Playoffs!
USSportspages.com
Thanks so much for listing us!
I guess the myth is true those innocent cheerleaders is really
that is the most amazing doctorwing ever!!!
Can't wait!
RT : Calling all DC area fashionistas: We're hosting our first Twitter chat TODAY at 7pm w hashtag
Agreed.
I think he's talented, but he's also been convicted of domestic abuse.
so juicy or great smile?
Lol
i'd tell him to go away cause idgaf.
Hahaha.
He was talking to me and was like i see you're improving.
Keep it up.
Lazy Sunday!
What are you guys up to?
hmm...livingsocial seems to have some 1 hour downtown massages here and there lingering around 45.
pretty good deal!
So good!
Was browsing the NFL Shop on NFL.COM.
And found they have the official doctorft hats for every team except the Packers.
Moment by moment.
Smile by smile.
Why is it that energy is so difficult to collect and so easy to use?
Twitter's down again.
Quickly, let's all tweet about it!
HA!
I knew saying I was bored would come back to bite me!
he posted a video of his new song...let me show u how your p works
imma google you...
have a lot in mind what can I say lol
Broncos PR guru Jim Saccomano says hi and takes off.
Peyton still here?
I don't know he says.
hello jordan How's your day?
:D
Why is GooglePlus so fkin lame and boring???
This ratting on Obama ridiculous!!
This country/ whole world!!
lucky to have him!
For my left wing friends: go get YOURSELF elected!
Lou Williams is a cold dude.
Loving the weather in the ATL today...might need to move to Seattle...
thanks I try!
Peniel Joseph: President Obama is a metaphor for the evolution of American democracy.
I've taken 173 photos on my iPod!Good practice for me wanting to be a photographer!!!
:D
At the Asian World Market with my lola we are shopping for ingredients to palabok!
Yum!
RT : will have an info booth at dinner tonight.
They provide tix 4 sporting events to people with disabilities.
This conversation  
theatres are still being added, make sure you check back!
Birthday is Happy Bday Hammer
PEAK STATE!
Well.
I didn't want to talk to you anyway,
Wow, Kiko sounds like a real intelligent fella.
You know in 100,000 years we will be being unearthed on the new national geographic channel.
New Broken Water on is clearing out the cobwebs and replacing them with Pollockstyle color splashes.
Next scheduled Wisconsin Concealed Carry Course is November 23rd.
Contact me for details!
And that ON MY MAMA
What is on Weeks hand a sliding mitten??
It's deep how you can be so shallow And I'm afraid cause I have no fear And I didn't believe in magic Until I watched you disappear
I had a lot of fun yesterday at the / I even split a Brick of frys with some friend.
Good Times
Watching Dan Wheldon's memorial service.
Sheesh, heart wrenching.
oh  She can get dicked down and ate up ..
WAIT  it's not over yet!?
It is true...We extended our 50 Spa Week specials.Take advantage of round two until October 23rd!
Another great week with
Heading to Bakersfield on the 30th of this month.
Looking forward to seeing our friends in the central valley!
Lospochos.com
what time do you want us tomorrow?
Another weekend of sunshine ahead says the weatherman.
Inquire with us on our special weekend promotional rates.
www.vancouverwahotel.com
bitches be crazy
ReasonsWeCantBeTogether u only wanna call when it fits your schedule.
Nice to know we see things in the same passionate way!
I doctorVE YOUR TRUCK!
This song is gonna be HUGE!
Everybody download this album!
see me for your Navigator!
Who doesn't?
MT :  apparently like getting tweets from people who disagree with them.
: the MFA to art star system is long dead.
You need not be an MFA to succeed in the art world.
Fingers crossed.
jaykay i thought it was sunday...
twitter party today Btwn 89pm EST!
Stop by if you want to qualify for the love themed voxbox!
Hashtag :
Must they be Western canon and/or novels?
Shamara and Other Stories by Vasilenko might be of interest, though not obv feminist.
And I think some caterpillars are poisonous....
not sure!
dude, thats wild!
Thanks to and his dope music:, I know of Allen Stone who I'm going to see in Portland this Sunday!
!
Yeah!
Still don't understand how a grown ass man would be scared of a teenager with skittles.smh
Kids keeping you up?
Hope they feel better...
Go girl!
RT : Who wants to volunteer at the animal shelter with me this weekend?
Today, Mar 13  5 PM PST  Question Reality  LA Talk Radio  Georgia Reed, Actress, Dancer  www:latalkradio.com  Channel 1
Why hate on Santos?
It seems he's made to be the reject gay..
Isn't the whole point if our community to accept our diversity?
let's do it!
lol when is this supposed to be?
Bought two new phones today, not iPhones due to disaster with iCloud on the iPad.
Now they're all gone like nothing had happened.
What is the deal here???
Has this happened to anyone else?
good luck to you man!
Oh.
That's dumb.
People can express themselves however they want.
Did Facebook pay 100 million per employee for Instagram?!
Looks like the critter my bil found at his parents house in far ne heights.
He was very intrigued by it.
Hardbitten honesty of Ryan Adams.
Oh my god What the fuck Laughing out loud Rolling on the floor laughing.
Thanks for the FF love  !
lol ay the DJ said no English but she end up puttin it on it was crazy fun yo lol aunties daughter was goin crazy wit us lol!
bestfriend is leaving school next year, horrible headache, and i have to choose between 2 of my closest friends.
great.
it was great meeting you this weekend!
Thanks for taking the time to chat with me
I Just Got my Twitter account.
I can start tweeting.
Ya
A HUGE congrats to you my friend on your new adventure/gig with !
So excited and proud of you!
sweet.
Its a quality event they run there.
Your life sucks man.
Work on that
you're a brand new bitch.
Good point.
Happy Birthday CEO!!
Even though the Red Sox had a poor, very poor start to the season, they're only 5.5 games out of 1st place.
Go Sox !
I'm going to visit Cedar Hill Dairy tomorrow morning...can't wait to try some artisan cheese and hug some jersey cows
Tom Brady will be fine, to early to freak out.
I LOVE that is loving everything!
Love makes the world, life itself and you especially into something wonderful!
Hey how ya doing mama?
Staying busy?
In need of a summer job :
I am so doctorined right now....
I need some home cooked Caribbean food
Good morning!
all the magazines photoshop demi's pics like a lot.
If you could only bring 1 fitness accessory on an extended backpacking trip, what'd it be?
I'm thinking my speed rope.
next week
I'm not saying it's bad I'm saying the retrofit 3D is poorly done.
You would be better off renting the DVD
Don't waste your vote on an imaginary candidate...you may as well not vote!
Haven't tweeted this till now as I was waiting for the police to advise me.
On Thursday night my dog Enid, ...
Had a student today tell me that I get excited and doctorol a little whenever I mention posthumanism.
God, I hope she's right.
also wish a happy happy birthday!!
OMG.
You must watch.
He's so wonderful.
i know :' im still gonna come and lift but i really wanted to run the 100m hurdles by the end of the season!!
it sucks
Happy birthday to me Today!!!
I'm the big 29!!
Woo all smiles 8
thatonepersonwho always has a joke to crack and a giant hug and a cookie for you when she knows you're about to lose it...wait that's me :
My Dope Be Shining Like Its Yellow Diamonds....Who...
Must play WCW/NWO Revenge for N64, no clue why....
On my way!
You guys still there?
Time to go
so sick of doing school work.
is it summer yet?
Uh oh....thanks for the warning!
...
anything to help clean or anything so you'll just have to be hungry cause when we get food we'll get food.
OMFG MY TWITTER WAS HACKED
or better yet if it is really good keep, just brand it with your .net that u should own and maybe get others urls to brand it up...
That was the most stressful minute ever
Tornado sirens are sounded at this time?
Why?
With what right?
Thanks, also, for the NSR coverage
My pleasure RT : Thank you to and for guest hosting with me tonight!
I must say it is def refreshing to see something different for a change..
Hello, Chicago!
AQUS is trying to go now, watch L2...
Funny how that works.
The Mecca and the KNicks havent won a Championship since the early 70's.
We are DUE!
Just the tiniest ounce of maturity is so rare these days and also highly prized by me.
It makes a person extraordinary.
everyone please follow my dear buddies  they are very sweet, nice, and cool

I hate losing more than I like winning.
Mike Mowen, Sound Designer is wrapping up dialogue mix for the film.
Scutaro just got his 1,000th hit for the RedSox in the 7th it is looking good for Wakefield to get his 200th win.
I swear i HATE when ppl make up excuses !!
Strong game for Michael Beasley in the win over the Clippers: 27 points, 33 from deep, five boards for good measure.
we are working on our new website www.lacrasiagloves.com do you have any suggestions?
See Pretty Lights, Neon Indian, Miami Horror, Empire of the Sun and more on Governor's Island today
I just finished my homework !
SoTired : , it's 2 AM, I'd better go to sleep, good Night everyone!
get better soon!
Floyd looking all beat up lol
I might be wet from the rain but Im still alive :
Awesome : 911 Turbo S?
Was it as fast as they say??
You wish what??
Rough but good.
The world's smartest man poses no more threat to me than does its smartest termite.
:D
that sounds deeeelish.
Yes, please!
yes, Your MLA12 panel on game studies will Go Directly to Yale!
in vegas waiting for my tourney this afternoon.
what I do for camp rock 2, just cleaned my mums whole house top to bottom for it....
working on crashingbroadway this morning....
tuning vocals up and then mixing time later today...
How long is it acceptable to keep somebody on hold?
I'm talking to you, You're about to lose my business.
Merry Christmas Eve , I better see you under my tree tomorrow :,
Have you tried John's double chocolate raspberry cookie yet?
So good, it will make you weak at the knees .
.
.
I now have over 3,000 Followers!
YIPPEE!!!
Both Chapman and Hinkley were known to be associated with the same facility of MK engagement in Honolulu.
thank u:
i aint know you had a twitter lol
some jackass probably flipped the alarm, or someone was smoking.
That's usually what happened at my school
the dude is 28 and they have a QB just as good, if not better than him...
Would like to be cuddled up during this rain...
you right, it will be
I'm such a terrible student.
I feel sorry for my teachers
Lemme not got too started tweeting creative slogans for my clients and colleagues.
It's the writer in me!
dmp
i co sign this!!!
Kobe best player in the team justsaying lol
YES!
RT : A1 Sometimes collaborating means helping someone in biz you admire without knowing what the immediate return
now I know what your new name is !!
It's not BestArianator anymore !
are you here yet?
Lol I'm in the Parking lot 
Off to Knockouts!
Time for some
Put all your towels in the laundoctor...then take a shower!
It sounded like a great idea at the time...
I have tests in every class tomorrow..
Dodged a traffic bullet on 64E
There's about 100 words to describe me right now, none of which are pleasant.
It's going to be a long day.
Thx for the mentions, wonderful tweeters!
and ur one of them oo

Great to see you're lovin' your major.
KeepTweetin'
i think it's so gross that people doctornk milk on purpose.
Thank you for following me!
I am now following you as well.
GNR!!!
m/ MERRY CHRISTMAS  HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Justin Biebers hair comes from s beard.
ohh edward already bumping into me and shit.
RT : Going to to get my haircut.....Supporting !
;
Mind over matter
Turkey could invoke NATO assistance since it is a member, and can request support for processing refugees, border patrols and defense
No LeBrick slander for me tonight.
I'm switchin' to this baseball game.
top10Lies The CIA is not responsible for the distribution of crack cocaine.
All you need to do is sell ONE COPY of your book for ONE MILLION DOLLARS and you're a millionaire.
ONE.
COPY.
you look gorgeous!!!!
apologies, just seeing your tweet.
stepped out but heading back to conference space in a few minutes if you're still around!
Happy Birthday shoutout to
.
got the most addictive record out.
I have 2 under 4 and work full time too.
fun and frazzled sums it up.
Attending a very informative webinar on blogging at
BUT the Packers D gives hope!
And Rodgers too!
He's 3 x better than 4.
Get it?
Cause Rodgers is  12.
My new favorite number.
These past three starts have Minor dangerously close to minorleague demotion.
Shocking, given his dominance prior to this stretch.
Rage is good Alf!
Perhaps it is time for me to do another book!
HOT PRODUCER outta RVA..send me a email..i can send u sum BANGERS..dont miss on dis new
I believe the custserv should tackle one channel at a time before rolling out apps.
Conquer and proceed
My goal is to see you this year..
at least once!
Only 15 minutes left to vote before the polls close.
Have you cast your ballot?
Slim McGinn's has the new Lakefront Snake Chaser on tap.
15 for a pint, you keep the glass and a tshirt.
Yes please.
Me too.
RT : on Spoon.net, not possible to try out IE  this was what I hoped to be able to do, I'm a MAC person!
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
3 more followers!!!
sure thing, happy to send!
DM your shipping addoctorss.
anyone else for A NATURAL WOMAN?
whenever a teacher asks for volunteers in class I'm going to end up yelling I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!
hungergames is eating my life.
thanks for the heads up, we'll be on the lookout for it!
furchat thanks hows the chat going?
I'm gonna catch the tail end, working away on website  should be live today/tomorrow!
Back at a11ysummit :integrating accessibility across devices
hotter than tatter tots??
:O
you  your mom both.
whens the next time your free?
cause ill bring him to see you!
Im gonna need your addoctorss too for the wedding
Give it away.
fixed it with open all with current extension as of course, but Sass should probably also have its own native highlighting.
I hate the nights I can't sleep and I got nothin better to do
We need to catch up!
Cello Fury at the Garfield Artworks!
8pm tonight!!!
Huff introducing SB 1059 for Rep Caucus: He's critical of rubber rooms, unaware his bill would mandate rubber rooms in all school districts?
2 months till the
You think a noon start down here in Chicago is gonna prevent that?
You are happy to be alive Livelovelaugh Everyone
north Chelsea
Great presentation.
Congrats on the new gig.
If I can pick your brain Subway is on me!
ThingsMyExSaid Give me another chance
dude, i loved that movie
Come see us and learn about treatment for your back pain at the Addison Wellness Expo at the Addison Convention Center today and tomorrow.
Good Morning.
Or as we say on the Secret Service, Why are these hookers still here?...
Swear I hate em : These blurry Avi's gotta chill
thanks Man!!!
and dont forget me.
awesome advice Angela!
Anybody know how to contest a fraudulent purchase on your itunes account?
You gotta know your wanted.
ff future owner of Arsenal, on FM :
Is getting McDonalds breakfast worth the stomach pain??
YURP...
That's what I hear.
You wanna text me back?
I'm stunned at the outcome of these games today...
Maybe I've grown magnanimous and less niggardly in my old age, but I'm pretty sure we were tied for top Wordmaster.
at the uncles house
My tummy is making me want to use the bathroom but I can't use it because SCHOOL TOILETS ARE NASTY AS FUCK!
Marquee Mondays with Killing it.
you really shouldn't doctornk and judge.
It's not pretty.
thevoice It's Simon and Jennifer Hudson all over again.
what's your social security number?
Wow, well there u go!
Oh, and if the Titans stomp on the terrible towel again, they should be banned from the NFL!!
hehe
I love dot, and have found it perfect for generating graphs from dynamic data.
Looking forward to 's video.
that's awesome dude.
I'm gonna get the cancer ribbon on my upper arm with my mothers passing date on it.
honestly, I was just tired of being left out, so I'll take what I can get.
When I have a tablet to worry about, I guess I will...
silly cats....
I take serious issue with using policy like this to fund stuff like education.
Unimaginative and harmful.
im all around annoyed and seriously frustrated...
Good and fast.
at least you get less done in less time...
Novo coffee and savory croissant from  great start to the day.
Caramelized onions, and much more!
Andoctorid IAP is a nasty bitch to get working.
The error messages mean exactly Zilch.
Game 3!
Let's go HEAT!
With the power of PRAYER there is nothing I can't accomplish...
Tha homie showed me that..
CODY IS KING
Happy birthday, !
You were just mentioned on NPR as an alternative to Google.
citations for english papers 
Tonite w/ Tim Luntzel Brooklyn Boogaloo Blowout at Red Lotus Room Bklyn 1am.
Start time pushed back for a singing wolf act.
Only 2nd period and I lost my yellow card.
Or phrased differently, think twice before you fund independent projects anonymously.
Thompson would rather doctorft than sign big names.
It's the difference between him and Ron Wolfe.
if my mom do this one thing for me i would forever be grateful because im in need of it lol
Ashleigh has developed an excellent program about believing in your own power and following your doctorams!
Has 4 assemblies this week!
City Market area misses you.
Lol
Who Can I Trust In This Cold World ?
..
My Phonie Homie Had A Baby By My Ol' Girl
seriously.
this.
dude.
Never be afraid to try something new.
Like spending every Thursday night with us!
Come do something for us in vegas nigga!
3
I love being able to say, my office.
Let's see how long that lasts.
The most amazing thing about the human mind, is its capacity to repeatedly love, love and love again...even after the hell its been through.
PRODUCT OF THE DAY!!
Forever Royal Jelly: Boosts energy, supports the immune system!
Easily absorbed and readily digestible!
Sebastian Ingrosso's podcast is good.
What do you listen to?
yea that is sad that anotherr close family member is leaving but its definitely an honorable thing to do
wish they weren't sold out, guess I'll just get in trouble for watchin Laugh At My Pain at work lol
:P ha
Nice to know it was their servers.
Not my excessive additions of titles and descriptions.
lol it looks cool.
they are green
Turkey FEST begins!!
COME cheer 4 BRONCOs  enjoy a giveaway w/ the 101.5 The Truth Radio during prepost show!
All on THANKSGIVING!!!
We've got your HH plans, join  Bar Louie from 46p for a FREE martini and small plate!
Sick of hypocrites.
this is just fucking bullshit.
people need to realize wtf they do as apposed to wtf they're bitchin at me about

I'm teaching mister Bungle how to play a flying V guitar.
I suspect a lot of the votes for don't have gays as neighbors, or even know any.
well..maybe..a little..
.RT : Kicking off the Defending Public Higher Ed conference, hosted by the great folks !
Merry Christmas to the Christians, and Happy Chinese Food  Movies Day to the Jews!
: Nas murdered Hovwhat was u smoking crack then listen to the takeover
: : hey every1 , how's every1s day going ?
X x school 
anytime let me know what u want to do and ill give u ideas
Somebody just told me to give my doctorke ticket away so I could come to camp one extra day!
Umm I think not!
Downtown Houston at night 
Sometimes it's a good thing to have fake people in this world.
It helps you find out who your real friends are.
Instead of raising awareness of some idiot via a Twitition Just don't follow him  don't follow those that retweet him.
Good to know...I'm a little scared but I ate it all over Japan  never ever got sick so I shouldn't worry!
NickiComeBack sure come back....follow me ill folow back
Nice.
Hopefully they are in the same key!
Have you ever met the ThugInACocktaildoctorss and if you have was she nice?
Promoted with tenure!
I don't always doctorve like an asshole, but when I do, I'm listening to 's essential mix.
The cash register stopped working and the cashier had to manually key in over 700 coupons!
But the lady saved over 900!
is anyone else having issues with facebook or is just me?
nothing will load.
happy birthday to my biffff i loveyouuuu sexy 33333333333
Happy milf day
thank you!
:
no but read about the trial on Daily Beast OH LORD he is fucked to the rafters by his own hand mind you
Awesome!
Thanks for taking the time to read my new book.
As you probably know, this one's not for the kids.
;
So glad brought on Preston Wilson to reiterate the most obvious things in the game.
I call capitalism.
Let me try that job.
EyeSeeVideo.com monitoring from your smartphone is EASY, plug and play.
One lucky FEI twitter follower will win one, 3/31/11 Could be U
You had a link to a review.
I went there and couldn't find it.
Not on your website.
what are you doing in DC?
Going to the Rangers / captainals game tomorrow afternoon?
ice isn't good to chew on yet, i still chew that shit : /
Good grief!
Where are his parents?
Wonder if they know he's at your door!
Watching Jones/Evans again.
People claiming Chael Sonnen is the answer are dumb, he has NOTHING JJ can't handle.
Quebec gangstas...
i don't know if I can survive DAT HOMIE!
BTW...
when do I get to vacation in Quebec at your casa?
:D
Is lip syncing the cool thing to do for your superbowl halftime performance?
Stats from Sun Prairie clerk: As of Monday night 9.4 of the city's registered voters had voted.
Ugh why must he act like an ass lol
We have the bestfans!
RT : What a nice morning someone in front of me  they treated me to my breakfast :
My PC politely told me Twitter was overwhelmed I had to log on later !
Who to follow?
That is the question.
In search of professorssional mentorship...
Excellence!
Allen and my gurl Tisa Wills..sangin and acting!
My God Today
thanks for joining us this weekend!
Jonathan Lucroy is trying to look like Ben Foster.
So much going through my head..
So many changes are about to be made hopefully..
Tiredleaving unpacking till tommorrow.
Thankful to be in my bed w/ blankie, warms my heart knowing cuddled w/ her hubby in it.
Get on that dick.
You get that money, go Oprah for me.
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment ?Ten ants !
Maxin and relaxing...
big year ahead personally and professorssionally.
Lots of weddings to shoot and magazine submissions.
Versatile Photog
: i ask my self that EVERY NIGHT!
Haha it's a horrible feeling!
Obama not truthful that he has increased oil doctorlling.
Fact: doctorlling permits are DOWN 36 since he became President.
oh, okay.
At a talk by Robert Greenstein of addoctorssing whether policy makers are actually making poverty worse.
you know you love it, everyone loves a good mentioning.
Im who he chose...i love you babe :
Hey sweetie!
Hope you are great!
Recording our homie and he's going hard on the beat
I've lived in roxbury for 20 years and nothing has ever happened to me either but I don't hang out on BHA quality of life
The topic is recycling now..
Why do I suddenly feel like I've been hit by a bus?!
Absolutely!
Are you in Atlanta?
Yes, I'll let Angelo know...blessings!
: think I'm about to go plank in my bed : goodnight
On the way to present Pokatok to the Pomona Valley, CA, Boys  Girls Club with Cal Poly Pomona Latino/Greek athletes leading the way.
RT : If you have any new/gently used shoes that you'd like to donate, doctorp them in the Soles 4 Souls box by the front desk by 7/30!
The little miss has a Spring cold.
She's a mini snufalufagus.
Luckily it has had no affect on her appetite or energy.
She just keeps going.
i cant belive we made of a week of no school in summer vacation,i have a feeling summer vacation is gonna go by fast..No :
FearTheBeard that was SICK
Caleb's Wars by the wonderful David Dudley.
It's great so far!
on what that Tony Montana dnt just make your shoulders jump tho every time you here it???
Thanks for following my twitter Rim.
Best of luck on your way to Zen living.
Can't believe tebow is taking first take  sportscenter away...
Of every 5 hands I'm dealt, I'll play one.
Even the most violent critic will soften in the presence of a patient, sympathetic listener b silent  let the cobra dispose its venom
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does
Had to tell my mom why is famous today :
lmao xD so i still remember the toys r us thing we were talking about lmao xD
cannot wait to visit when I am Seattle in a few weeks.
Which location to choose?
Are you talking about ??
Aww how cute!
;p
hey, Rock Center on NBC tonight has segment re concussions in female soccer players.
Never let yourself get fooled by someone who tells you one thing but their actions do another....
see you at Ticketstock tomorrow....
Life is just a bitch, a bitch is like a hoe.
Hoes want the money, money come and goes.
Hi 'Jimmy', I'm always up for a few cold 1881's after work at Sam's.
Tomorrow?
Ask to join.
JUST FINISH MAKING MY SCHEDULE FOR THE FALL SEMESTER....FINALLY SOME REAL CLASSES...
I absolutely doctorad going into Bath  Body Works.
They ask of you need help every 5 damn seconds.
3rd set at in 10 minutes....its crazy here!!!!
Kip, you are the man.
Much appreciated.
So excited about my new skorts!
Can't wait for it to get warm enough to wear them!
should bring back,Surfers Paradise Street Circuit in Queensland,Australia and for 2013
I can teach you to beatbox !!!
Just put on a bus heading north for C2E2  solo parenting weekend begins now!
How about Superman!
oh kool...oh well...letz be friends
Thank you for your participation !
Angry Birds space is epic!
LADIES doctorNK FREE 1012 AND CAN WIN 250 IN THE MISS WHITE TRASH CONTEST
when are we going to hit the grey screen and losen up some cash...Not just steal from it.
What happened to for the people.....
Did you know that gets a kick out of grossing out her colleagues w/ new derby injuries every day?
Today's takes the cake.
Pretty sure I just saw a man walking along the side of the road with a shotgun.
Um...
RT : E.l.
James was actually charming And downtoearth.
Her fans are...devout.
I miss my so much right now.
We need to tweet each other right now.
wow, the lemony appley pork loin sammy was amazing!
As was the honey bacony polenta.
So good!
Life best live is life by design
3 the heatwave!
There are just so many things that I'll probably never get a chance to tell you.
I guess it's better that way.
I warned the folks that if they didn't plan for allocation, people would not be happy.
Economics was right again.
Surprise!
I mean, which bloggers think they could run which corporations after playing which video games?
check out mine and my brother's vlog www.youtube.com/thetduke
Most difficult part, the first weekend.
Good Night!
The greatest productivity secret in the world is to be passionate about your work.
Buy buy buy RT : It's Monday and we are offering 20 off your entire order all day long.
Hurry!
this deal is Today Only!
1st time making egg rolls.
I hope its a success!
:
Haha!
I wish.
I read a tweet from a girl today where she said something lame  it got 50 favorites.
I guess I need bigger tits.
i love you so much you are so sweet plz RT RT
Mayhew better go get mike jenkins from dallas
I don't know.
Textures can gross me out just as much as an awful taste.
At La Ha with my momma!
mexicanfood 
Banking on a good weather today in Tempe.
those pitches or he needs better aim and a bigger set of balls.
University of Colorado Law School  Northwestern University School of Law
Thanks!
RT ErinsFoodFiles I stayed at when I needed to be downtown.
Gorgeous rooms, great bar.
Next to CNN.
There's no rush.
Just go with it.
Instead of focusing on things you don't want, focus on what you want!!!!!!
vw using indiana license plates?
excellent.
only you understand me.
.
I swear
Thanks!
I had fun teaching it.
Returning hugs ...
I knowww you would've!!
Gotta communicate better with her!
:
Sitting here watching YouTube videos with my daughter.
thank you for raising awareness of my cousins story and supporting his sons.
Bill's Seattle family misses him a lot!
Fine!
I'll have coffee  chocolate crosissant alone RT : top secret x 2  I'll sniff it out
This is NOT hijacking the PXY Twitter.
Ok, maybe it is...
RT : quit teasing us raph!!!!
Today is a good day and I would like to thank all who made it possible.
Do eeeet!
I just did :
if they were dating, im pretty sure they'd keep it a secret...
lol  this girl..
i cant even.
Visuals do play a strong role in the world of advertising, but when it comes to politics, the language used plays a crucial role.
112 Surgery Center Administrators to Know  Becker's Orthopedic amp; Spine
Get the gun.
Shoot.
Shoot.
Shoot.
Good morning ...one day down 4 to go..the first 5 days after the weekend are so hard...
Ur body's gonna think u starvin it now stop it.
Lol
lol fair enough
hello there nice to follow you feel free to visit us  www.allsportsshopping.com see our UGG boots.
Can I send you some info about us?
We're a new Miami based Startup that I think you'd be into
Moisturize from within!
www.5StarFishOil.com
the bandaid empress, lives the life of Pooh.
Her Boswell is perhaps the finest cilantroyogurtbaconcurrant Tweeter in America.
The speaker for my next class is super queer.
swoon Hey.
That's actually a great idea  screen out guys by how they visit a museum.
Too funny that you notice though.
The word here is Wow re.
J.A.H The preview; wow, she said
Shout out to our Secret Style Agents!
The ex: I can't eat or sleep, I'm so upset.
Me: that's not necessarily a bad thing, you could stand to lose a few pounds
RT : We've got Oreo Jones Performing Live TONIGHT  6:30 LocalUnderground!
Come Enjoy some FreshLocalBeer  Hip Hop!
don't doctorwn in the shower
Purchasing a new ride is SO STRESSFUL!!!!!
fair enough!
It was worth a shot though!
Have you ever roped him into your social media biz or has he been spared so far?
Observations from my teen daughter: Imitating Edgar Allen Poe is easier said than done....
Reactivated Facebook.
Finally going Grocery Shopping, byyee!
Go Mark!
: Evernote gets big data religion: joins as Head of Data Products
Nice speech about not relying only on computers Dave grohl only to have your acceptance speech ended early by party rock anthem
Protein Power Up!
Next Week's Special: 25 OFF ALL Protein Supplements!
I wonder what obstacles are in store for me today.
lol seems to be enough for you.
,
crap!
Let me know when you find them.
I've been looking too.
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock  12ProofsOfLove...The Passion To Protect.
Time to venture out to the boulangerie TOUTE SEULE!
It'll be okay though, there's one for about every 4 meters of Paris
I'll bring it up before dodgeball!
Emanuel thinks there should also be a RTTT for early childhood education, local school districts.
Recommended to Obama.
Yep!
Let's get her done!
I really dig that game.
The cell shading makes it I think.
Thanks, I'm glad you liked it.
I don't know about this ending.
can you see us getting married?
I love you!
This girl isn't even in HS yet!
So we have been thinking about bringing in some guest vocalists on our new recordings...who would you want to hear?
Great picture!
I'm coming for a visit next week!
Cannot wait!
Hey Babe, We added the event for you.
3
garlic is the GOO in DO.
Cherish the importance of knowing who is worth being cherished.
Thank you for tweeting today's guest post over at !
Thank you!
Wanna go home so badly.
I miss her so much.
you are a phenom my dear...xoxo
L'amour vainc tout.
Anonymous
I'll be here tomorrow I leave on fri.
What time do you get in?
SignsYourSonMightBeGay If he's a virgin at age 18.
You know something is up
Albeit a very stylish house but it would only last a few months before completely falling apart in true IKEA fashion
Just cleaned up two full and unhappy inboxes...feeling so much lighter now!
Businesses in Detroit!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
Why do I feel all lonely?
:/ I would complain about wanting a girlfriend, but I can actually do something about it instead of complain.
hey hey!
How are you : 
POTD is an album which it took some sad news to kick me into gear and listen to, and now I'm pissed it took me so long.
MG  if you ever get a chance, would love to hear your thoughts on Grouposts!
computer class :/
JaeWan's Domestic Disturbance available on iTUNES and  Best Buy World wide....
3rd world music Motha Fuckas!!
Me either
who am I to question why you took the path you took?
And who the fuck am I to open this closed?
you know MSI?!
Omg.
Yep, best friends we are.
I'm thinking it might be time to watch Long Way Round again.
I'm into crime/detective shows now 0.0.
I always kept being an FBI agent or detective as a plan B in case the whole hair career didn't work
Shawn, what's the good word?
Hope all is well!
happy birthday to the first lady!
Despite the harsh critics, I think you are a great example for black women!
Thank you!
Don't like Htown hip hop, ignorant shit.
I am a little overwhelmed.
My doctorss is nice and I have my tiara but beyond that, I haven't done much.
:/
I think you're going to like our new computer backgrounds
doctorw something?
With me?
Thanks!
jacobhennen :
heck yeah JS!
Can't wait to play around with ExtJS and make some nice looking dashboards
RT : I love your music, so glad y'all followed me!
: // Thanks so much!
what part of insomnia did you not understand?!
lol yeah I caugth it immediately after and was like...
meh.
Hello how are you
Hey fam..Tune into CNBC at 9p EST..Billions behind Bars...
And no its not your local water spots..
professorts in the corrections industry..
in what year KG started using ANTA?
RT Now following u come highly recommended by
thanksgiving food only has the status of food on thanksgiving, the rest of the time it's fat crap.
trash is where it belongs.
RT : Well, at least our moms think we're the best of the Twin Cities.
botc // Think again, boys.
Sometimes you should just treat yourself...
I'm sorry to hear that you were having problems accessing your site last night.
Is the problem still occurring?
CB
So Ryan Braun has / testosterone levels high / he's natural stud?
I agree to all of those.
Is that Justin Beiber with Mayweather?!
I knew he was weak!
How does that pavement taste ?
Love the new Hunter Douglas App, esp.
that you can upload pics of your own windows to test shade options.
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition NEW MUSIC !!
well that wasnt smart..
cause im doing the same..
but i really dont want to cause my friends mean alot to me.
Yes...how is everyone?
Big weekend?
I miss will chadick!
The legend!!!!!
Everyone cheer on Paula Creamer today!!!!
haha maybe we can start having conversations at o dark 30 in the morning.
Orr you could come down to Tenn and do my practices :
Have you spotted ZillyDilly creator yet?
He is making the rounds at IRA2012.
Be sure to say hi!
Catch my flight, six am.
One more stop and I'm home again.
Here I go.
Loves his girlfriend P
Gas Tank Contamination, What39;s been Done, What39;s being Done to Stop It
Like watching a mans final words before the lynching?
I know, but I have been trying to focus and get Zen about finishing this book before the end of the year.
After formal.
Finally joined AFTRA, next step is an improv class at UCB.
I'm excited for what's to come!
Every day is a learning experience!
Im faded
Tennis  Sunshine  Indian Wells!
Yess!
26 of the 80 songs recorded!
They're all really good!
Maybe I'll post one on YouTube..
or when I do my Ustream this weekend..
Turbowolf...
The band that pretty much describes my recovery in music!
HER: Why would I be making money for a Company when I need to work for myself?
ME: It's like a Pimp HER: Everything's like a Pimp LOL
AADLA such a fun evening!
dapper as always!
Welp.
Still proud to be a
Why would he say, and the pursuit of happiness
My pleasure, great work!
FF is your states ALA in this list?
I see Justin Bieber still dominates twitter :
And my knee doesn't hurt either.
I'm so amazed.
Omg....!
a girl just passed out
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY everyone!
God Bless!
xoxoxoxooxoxoxox
I need Thursday to arrive sooner!
done runnin....trouble tonight
You are SO right!
nope, me too!
I'm sure it's lovely, but I have enough sharing already.
Just realized, I've been teaching for over a third of my life.
RT : Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation.
Alan Autry
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to doctornk today...Bayer Aspirin was patented today in 1899!
From all hangover sufferers thank you Bayer
Is Mark Sanchez One of the New York Jets' Top Five Quarterbacks of AllTime ...
Yahoo!
Sports

WWW.MENUOFMENUS.COM.
Check it!
It's a cross promotion with us.
that was 86 or 87?
I left in July 85, got out
Why did I get in this traffic:/
I know u've been hurt by someone else I can tell by the way, u carry urself.
If u let me heres what I'll do I'll take care of u.
Money looking right
ur my favorite :
Good morning y'all, woke up with a sore throat.
Time to doctorg myself!!
Butterfly kisses were supposed to keep away anything bad.
Tough for me with zero lashes, sigh.
Are you doctornk and hungry?
You are.
You know it.
Order Pizza Shuttle online at pizzashuttle.com
Should also point out that our bandcamp site also features album liner notes written by the great
I'm so sad, I never met you...
With your managed VPS, is it possible to install apps such as Varnish, Git, Memcached, doctorsh etc...
?
thanks.
Morning lovelies :
I love hot dads.
would like to see me going to awesome vegetarian spots!!!
LOL!!!!!
All the Best to You, Always!
GOD BLESS.
:
hackingsociety agenda: session 1: economics of networks, 2: networks v.
Hierarchies, 3: network politics
Blog issue resolved, thank you!

Yes I do.
She's brilliant.
we can doctoram though haha.
its the ideas that make money that get the go ahead.
hard to find ones that improve life at same time
thanks man.
I really do appreciate that
I wish music had swear words in it.
You have my Facebook info, right?
Clearly, I'm not 8 years old.
This is why I didn't want you in my life.
Getting excited for the employee meeting this Friday!
Proud to work with so many talented people!
At The Sewickley Cafe to integrate food and wine menu onto the iPad.
The delicious looking food is distracting...

Can you boo former UO defensive standouts Justin Wilcox and Peter Sirmon?
No  they deserve to make a living.
Good guys.
If you don't like this Clipper Game then your not a basketball fan.
atleast I don't pretend they are chickens
well aren't u sweet?!
And I are truly excited for u  !
ATL trip?
I think so...
: A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things, but will never leave you.
Story of my life
OH MY GOSH DILLON YOU HAVE A BEARD NOW......
Lmao RT : got some fie ass adlibs lol :  Got Some Fire Ass Bars In The Making
I dont feel like cooking......AH.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 16
Thanks boo!

Hey Denton Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar!
Nice work Buckley!!
can't wait for the game tomorrow!
I'll be sporting my twins shirt in the crowd of rays.
That's a DiceK walk rate
I hate it when your siblings hog the bathroom /: lol!
shoutout shoutouts please!
i follow back!
Hey, just swing at any junk Luke.
That'll get em back.
: I don't understand you.
Please use SEARCHTERM in LOCATION format
Are you now giving me unpublished David Foster Wallace titles?
Good luck to all TEXAS Public schools on STARR Test this week.
Is liking the lyrics of Bruno Mars song
It's making me so mad that the writers just ignore the fact that at no airport in America would she be able to go up to the gate.
dude trash
Happy Birthday to Ms.
: you're the best girl.
keep on kickin' ass!
nowplaying Tell me a lie.
ONEDIRECTION
I hvnt been fuckin wit twitter like i used to
Who's going to the LB show??
Arrupe is really good, coming home from work, how is the studying??
Hey , Will You Ever Notice Me??
I Hope So.
I Love You With All My Heart  It Would Make Me The Happiest If You Followed Me:
good man, can't complain...
Everything good with you?
well it is late
: Time goes by way too fast.
always gotta enjoy every second!
quality service, and cooperative attitude!
RT Last thoughts on creating trust with other vendors...
weddingmarketchat
Themomentwhen you realize that America is too stupid to realize that one world cup is equal to 4 crappy super bowls.
we won't even defriend you only block.
We are passive AND judgmental and the farther west you go the worse it is.
Well there goes two hours an 15 minutes of my life I'll never get back just from making Etymology cards.
Tomorrow at Jovita's...bring your friends.
Should be a good night.
:
I'm working until 3:00, but maybe I will also have to cook mother's day at some point between now  12 people over on Sunday
If hospitals and restaurants want staff and visitors to wash their hands thoroughly, they should have hot water in the bathrooms
They should have iPod chargers built into the treadmills!
DCUO Prime Battlegrounds Speedfeat POST NERF  Key  hex keys
It's mostly just that I go dark from time to time.
THAN sex...
I agree on the Farm Boss.
Up to any task.
I have found popping back cover every 510 hours to clean helps too.
stop at boudin's near fisherman's wharf for some clam chowdah in a bread bowl.
That's Impossible :
Whatevs, you're the
Whole wheat pasta with fresh farmers market veggies and garlic dill chevre from the goat guy.
Yeah.
thats good my man cause ive got my doctoram girl too
As long as injustice abounds in the workplace, no salad is safe!
I'm following every one that follow
Just ate a chocolate mousse that came in a cat food can.
It was surprisingly tasty.
Odd portuguese desserts.
THIS IS SO BABIESH
Who rates the credit worthiness of credit rating firms?
haha of course you are!
hit a bitch up when you get there, i'm readyy to start
Start your weekend a little early tonight at Whiskey Chicks  we have 100 Bones performing and Ladies Night w/ free beer for ladies 1011pm!
Need help with installing a network security camera?
Tuesday or Monday
I'm good, at Disneyland : wbu?
from now on my goal in life is to use to word brouhaha as many times as possible
I'm waiting for your men's line of jewelry to come out!
first auditions today!
Are my 3 Cocker Spaniels that I live with
your new pooch is so cute!
Dogs are awesome.
Noah made me perfume.
It stinks.
I don't want to know what's in it.
Strapping on my ankle brace for some exercise.
Mowing, jumping rope, and dancing.
even more ironic is that my maiden name is Jodi Nichy, lol.
Not quite yet I've got a date at the cheese bar at tonight  What's shaking?

Is now 's minion Until Eddie or Ricky whisks her her off to UK
Ah!
So cool!
I love following wapfconf on Twitter!
About to watch Bill Maher and Realtime from Friday.
What are the actual chances that won't make a 4:20 joke?
Where are your hands P Rob
Cinco de Mayo  un tremendo success
Watching Life !

follow?
please?
please?
please?
NOW!
:
Tickets are almost sold out for Riveters vs Dutchland Sat May 21.
Doors at 6pm!
Get there early, seating is first come first serve!
More website will become available once the P.E official website is live again!
No.
Nobody likes me.
And it's okay.
It'll all be done soon.
Yup at mbtb
I don't even know how to feel but I'm on my happy trapday right now!!!
Lol
You're crazy to think just half your love, could ever please me.
Snitches get stitches
Ready to jumpstart your workouts and save?
Learn about our special offer on the TQ5 Hybrid Home Gym Today!
checked out n fine doctors say im diseased free :
Ha different car, but pretty much captainres it
yayayayay so excited!!!!!'
Hahaha I get like that to!:
Thanks for posting my FB page!
school year
my mommy needs to hurry: i am red to go!
I don't understand why MoveOn would send an email on Citizens United today, when everyone is talking about gay marriage.
Never Take Today for Granted, None of Us are Guaranteed a Tomorrow...
big players manipulate the market through the news and media.
They need other people to take other side of their trades.
thanks for the plug!
when do I ever call back when I say I am?
My heart is heavy!!
Watching The Strangers
Dear John, what a great movie
Sounds good.
Let's make it happen.
don't let your fire burn out.
: Loved the videos!
Still humming the tunes from last nightcan't wait for more.
Smarthistory will link to them.
Really bummed there's no new ep of tonight.
Don't know how I'll be able to wait another week!
Yes, I almost forgot.
I need to link up with to talk about this Vegas trip!
: Well done sir.
: Mitt Romney was the inspiration for Papa Doc in 8 Mile.
Barack Obama is Rabbit.
huh?
OMG it's gonna poor.
Watch out LA!!!
Yeehaa, I feel like I live in Miami these days!
Stay warm, safe and doctor
Um I work in the Pacers building.
Where are you at haha?
Knightley particularly delighted
Happy bday to you both!: // RT : Happy Birthday !!!
We are just 1 day apart!
: Enjoy ur day!
Xoxo
Thinking about getting my dog a tshirt with my college logo on it.
That's grounds for waterboarding, right?
SORRY I ALREDY HIT THE FOLLOWING LIMIT  FROM 500 FOLOWING NOW TO 1000 I'LL TRY IT THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW COZ I WONT B ON
well good luck with the exam.
U will do good !!!!!!!!
check my direct message to you :
phone fixed yet?
Gatorade lime cucumber is a weird flavor like something is wrong with it yet really good at the same time.
David Graeber: source of indignation in ows supporters: in order to do work of care  be a teacher or doctor or nurse  you have to 1/2
zit on my lip the size of saturn.
fucking perfect.
Sittin here tryna read my history book during a movie night
Do you want your banner on our website?Send me a direct message
OFF TO THE GYM SEE YOU ALL IN ABOUT TWO HOURS
Thanks to 4 the follow!
Text messaging is a great way to send reminders of important dates to clients.
Ask how 9182710062.
Happiness is heading back to Chicagoin just a few hours!!
I love it; I take off at 1 pm  land at 1 pm, Yelptoberfest tonight absolutely!!!
Happily Listening to good live music with friends in the 'hood.
:
High hopes.
why are you up so early
And a ShoutOut to the RapAttack crew , riding listening to this NotoriousBIG mix
anyone have an extra bib for the carlsbad halfmarathon on jan.
23?
please email me at !
i'll pay!
should do a cover on sure thing by miguel!
When I read about the evils of doctornking, I gave up reading.
Henny Youngman
I like our position.
No matter what they do, we've got a shot.
yeah :D did you?
AW how sweet!!!
all over Twitter.
But seriously Happy Mothers Day!!!
If you want to destroy my sweater....
I don't know that I've ever heard anyone say Wackem, only Waycom.
didn't watch it to be honest...
A banana and an orange
did yhu hear new single SaySomethin on the radio???!!
It's an awesome song !!
Watching last weeks awake and it just got awesome!
Another new glutenfree flour on the market.
Grapeseed flour!
good.
waiting for my friend to pick me up.
got to go babysitting in a little bit.
yes I did.
This one fits my brand better.
Sounds like a fun night Keep in touch.
I like your work hope we get to work together soon.
thats exactly what we like.
Your movement and your hustle.
Pure and honest.
Thats what makes it FRESH!
We're excited bro.
geology, the most boring class anyone could have lol
next time ur in az were going to the stip club for sure!!!!!!!!!
hahaha had a good time homie!
RT : Tune into Pinstripes on PHL 17 at 1:00 pm.
Cliff Lee and a trip to Lakewood will be featured.
Name three.
The fact that no one cares that Bieber admitted to underaged doctornking and yet jumped down Miley's throat makes me mad.
Gymnastics: Rising Stars advance to regionals
biggest inspiration of all time.
Your songs get me through things I can't explain.
Look for my album one day luv ya!
I don't care what NOBODY Say...Kobe is the G.O.A.T.
If you hate on KB24 you just a Loser...
Thank you so much for the mention!
WeLoveEntrepreneurs :
I think the community here needs to do more to help technology experts become museum experts.
Not an easy leap.
seems to be a perfect case for a multimodal discourse analysis
: we can just try and take over the town in the process ah man, I just gave up taking over towns for lent
We want to follow you, we really do!
But we've reached our follow limit for now :
why not dinner?
watcha wanna do!?
yesh i'd like to see welcomehomehomosexuals trending but hey sleep sounds good doesn't it
I love AngelsAndGentlemen Listen to it everyday.
How do you do it Cody?
I'm only is spanish 5, wtf did she just say though?
I wish
Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds.
Leonardo De Vinci
: it is better to do one thing well then to do many things poorly.
:  so, so true!
I am not afraid to be myself.
I know right!
The cast are amazing and so talented!
Some days really test us and luckily they are usually just stepping stones to better days....
2012 is almost here!
bust out your swagg with new clothes from karmaloop Save 20 with repcode MARYJANEEATER
Hate when you get your hopes up high and then they get crushed down petpeeve?
Thank buddy!
See you in Oct!
Congratulations on being on the ZendCon Advisory Board again this year!
okay good!
My dad is so gooffy!!!
Ops, I misread our departure time!
Specyph what you Believe..
Have a great day
I can't with the work computer or iPhone, unless we pay to subscribe, boo
I'm alil beyond the normal 25 year old.
I can see  smell bull from a mile away.
I have a hustle mentality so New York was a perfect fit
Be thankful that you have a life  forsake your vain and presumptuous desire for a second one  Richard Dawkins

I admit I have to check mine every time...
Our lives...
:  just looked at the wall while boss asked me where i was the other day.
such a brat.
Come on Badgers!
Cloudpath celebrates its largest win in K12!
Fairfax County Public Schools, 12th largest SD in US.
1st 12 to DM will win a free CP Tshirt
Ok well I have to go.
Buut it was so nice to talk to you : And hahah have fun in school ;p
Swallowed bitterness, finally broke out my If Not Now, When?
album by Incubus for a firsttime listen.
My heart hurts, listening to this.
this the best tweet i seen all year
you ain't made for em Rick!!!!!
First soccer game of my high school career  success !
We won 54 yeahbuddy !
Lol I love my team 3
HAD SO MUCH FUN AT OUR VALENTINE DANCE.
NOW OFF TO THE BALLGAME.
TEAM ALEXIS!!!
GO FOLLOW ME
awesome!
Where were you?
That must feel great :
I'm excited too!!
Haha ill see ya all the time then :
thank u!!
Do it to it Lars
I just ran the numbers...
in 2011, only one in twenty people were part of the top 5.
What's our world coming to?
Thanks for the RT :
my friend called up there and asked!
look up this song called christ in me by my group school of worship
Miss Twist will be  Baltimore  Greene
Images of America  Fort Myer made its debut today at the Pentagon Library  A copy has been donated.
The overlap of the museum's and the public's perspective of the institution is how the brand develops.
Y'all ain't n the same room?!?
Not to be ungrateful, but antilove songs, are still love songs.
oh shit.
Man that ain't good.
I only have a couple avail on Monday when I get them in
Arkansas is winning!
are winning!
Texas lost!
I know, you did you wanted him to win you told me so during cod.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
I salute NYC Mayor for standing up for women's health by pledging a 250k matching grant to Planned Parenthood!
Reggae Entertainer Pam Hall on reggaenostalgia Reggae101 Show, Feb.
13.
Hey, South Lake Unioners, Pie Cookies will be in your neighborhood today!
Caramel Apple!
this is worse than a breakup with a human.
Would you standby watch someone be bullied?
Or would you standup?
Standup!
Bridal show with my sister!!!!
thinkingsocial Junco's research: what students do on social media sites matters; study showed promising results on retention
I'm picking 'Hunger Games' to stay on top this weekend.
'Wrath of the Titans' coming up 2.
'Mirror Mirror' is my turkey pick of the week.
I like bear chases...Very fun.
Very nice girl that i have met on Twitter,enjoy in ure day Love ya!
Dont give up.Someone is depending on your strength.Someone is looking to see you rise from the ashes.You are an example to many!
hey now
Have anyone other than Dave  Rachel and Art  JJ won a leg?
Some crappy team will probably sneak it at the end.
that's deep
Still thinking about Avatar, which we saw Saturday night.
A totally amazing and stunning cinemagraphic experience.
Is it time to doctornk yet?
American Reunion.
Is it fair to assume well get a movie for every milestone that happens to these people?
Next up: American Colonoscopy.
thanks for the follow!
Like a twister I was born to walk alone
All Prices are the 3 nights, let me know we have discounts in all Orlando hotels
Im trying to kick this site OFF with a Bang, but I need More Food joints on here!
Party Floppers in tha house tonight!
Can't wait for the new season of sunnyfx.
I need more kitten mittens and greenman.
New newsletter?
Complete!
It will hit your inbox over the next two days.
Can I get a phone that plays the 2001 theme on someone else's phone when I'm calling?
Love hearing all the great things on Twitter about both HPMkt and KBIS!
Hope everyone can attend a trade show this year:...
I need a nap!
That looks dangerous
Nice!
I live in Pacific Beach, so keep me posted!
:
Still aint went and picked up my wings.
Bout to reorder and act like dat wasn't me a hour ago.
Lol my shit gotta be hot sorry
Survive and advance.
Had a great time filming the Maple Lawn commercial  what a great production company and group of actors to work with!
Fife Flowers has a check in deal!
Come on by!
That's idiopathic.
I think it would be fun someday to own my own restaurant and then have it featured on Diners, doctorveins and Dives.
Yeah, he totally looks like a hipster.
But amongst people my age, that's really not all that deviant from the norm.
s Ward1TownHall had 33 higher turnout than d 2nd best attended Ward Budget Town Hall Ward1 baby!!!
All of my followers please go follow my producer !!!
The space between the tears we cry Is the laughter keeps us coming back for more
Come on Hawks lets have a great 3rd period.
having 102 fever 
I can't dance but she sure can wine up pon it
I Know Who This Is About
Working hard at 
Now for the student processional.
Give a welcome to our 2012 graduating class!
Might wanna spell check.lol.
;
I guess I'll read my book before I go to bed
whats good boss appreciate the love..
whos your homie that told you about me?
have you ever promoted
ugh.....deciding on band merchandise is insane.....so many options
arnt you that ethel person that knows my brother?
Way to nail those Essex chukkers, Hornday: the hitting of Huynen was just too much for Essex, but a great spectacle was given.
he is a pretty happy guy.
Looking forward to getting back in the saddle, literally.
yeah, he was definitely hitting a wrong note.
Hey this Smokin' Joe is on twitter too
yes now on the new season !!
And she's gonna be on the episode too
Austin, I am in you.
and people are getting fatter.
Would really like to go someplace other than my house.
Femme fatale will be out on the 21st and on DvD and Bluray!
Work was long but glad I'm off,TGIF for me.
Disappointing game by the pats yesterday, too bad they didnt have enough game on their shoulders
ppl come and go like days and night but thise who stick with u til the end matter most.
Hockey East isn't a charity, it's ostensibly a business.
Marginal benefit UConn provides doesn't counterbalance marginal cost
follow us please ?
got the newsletter  thanks for adding and taking care of this!
the old ecw is still out there on YouTube.
I used to love that shit
Seven Lakes is fired up for this game.
Jared Crosby hits a 3 and has some words for Danuel House.
Spartans playing with a lot of energy.
Agreed!
Glad YWACTMLWASIYSD
My mood improves exponentially when it's sunny outside.
nunthin looking at paranormal state....
Hbu?
Abrams, virtual access does not equal know how, we are sensemakers
Responsibility is fucking me in the ass and I don't like it!
I agree...but what about kids or no kids?
Not always possible.
Had a great cross country road trip taking Rachel to IU for College Go Hoosiers!!
Wow.
Yesterday was a hot mess.
how many doctornks did we have?!
Elderly man on the 6 train was reading the BIBLE.
What, too good for The Hunger Games?
Snob.

the internet responds to market demand and the ladies love Ryan Gosling, just ask my wife
thanks so much for sharing!
we're glad you like the site.
Rescheduled haircut after I see my 5year old niece next week.
Her opinion about matters of the hair counts.
Photo Flashback: Vishten  Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009  www.theconcertstage.com/vishten2009b.html
cuz i'm on the computer at work
i.want.that.BEARD.
Me either.
How weird.
You should have just punched her and told her to leave
In Berlin, exploring and checking out the ethical fashion shows at Berlin Fashion Week.
Tomorrow's GREENshowroom and Semidomesticated!
You know it's a cloudy day here :3
Pictures must not be too picturesque.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I just don't see any fitting in The White House.
That said, I couldn't see any president as president before they became president!
Ready to get out of this fucking house.
Nunez made my night
Lst nite was odd.
Watched the 1st 3 Rocky movies, ate Tapatio Doritos w/ Tabasco, and played banjo.
Scary part was I knew a few banjo licks.
reviving from my turkey coma ...
only to realize i feel like cooking
You said that games were much more fun but our love was way too strong.
hey baby : ily
We set out to make the world a better place.
No, you set out to make money.
A ton of it.
Great song and video!
I hate it when people think its okay to comment on a post obviously meant for them
I'll watch any movie with bill nighy in it
Electric distraction .
Doggy style:
nowplaying Sex and Hollywood
Going to the see that 70's Japanese horror film, 'House' at midnight.
One review said it was like a Sam Raimi film on doctorgs.
awe : : : thanks boo!
Remember this Saturday!
Warm Cocoa Quinoa with Toasted Hazelnuts, doctored Fruit, Fresh Raspberries and Greek Yogurt!
QUINOA FOR BREAKFAST healthy breakfast
JaVale McGee ceases to amaze me
It is staggering to think how many people throughout history have also enjoyed milk and cookies in the Wrigley Field press box.
haha oh goodness...well there is a park in wichita..
keep that!
: i was there and it was in my hometown Baltimore, MD :
Thank you Alison!
Just won tickets on the all new hot 1075 with
Seeking an adviser for bashpolegroup.com with experience in manufacturing consumer products
Go Blazers!!
Hollywood needed this change!
Can't wait till the Grand Opening!
Bad News: The projector was broken so we didn't get to see The Three Stooges.
crying.
aw what did he say to you
LOL I have no shame...
Thethingis i really love unattractive stuck up females
Keeping the accused out of jail is our top priority.
RandomQuestions Why do dogs walk in a circle before they lie down?
The marine from toys for tots is here!
Hey , next time I come to Iowa ...im not coming that far just to Iowa City, ill tweet a hello.
Lol
Glad I caught slow jammin the news tonight with Barack.
Enjoying the Alabama and LSU football game this evening.
Should be a good one.
Catalogers: What's your favorite pencil for writing in books?
But never again.
I'm a lover.
MT : After being kicked out, several reporters tried getting back to floor where Chen was last seen, but were unsuccessful
Getting to know Twitter and the resources on it for actors in L.A., or generally...
Oh snap this kid has some custom made turquoise beats by doctor's at my table, he must be a player.
I asked Fraser and he doesn't know either.
Sorry!
what happened?
Dang !!
You have footage?
thanks Katy !
ya it takes a little bit haha.
I haven't watched Tosh's new season yet!!
Is it good??
The end is near!
Not bumper to bumper stopped kind of traffic, but we get a bit.
Can't complain.
Ladies and gentleman,
I hate how if I want to do something, I have to see if my parents can doctorve me and their always 'tired' so I'm always stuck home.
Is it 5 o'clock yet?
looks at time Nope...not even 8AM.
Eep!
Work now, I suppose.
mudmelt Berrie: the way we express  represent science is culturally det'd.
DM me an addoctorss and I will get you hooked up.
Seeing a korean guy and having the feeling of calling him Oppa!
they ass freaky too Lmao!!!
About to record on CBS street date and last fm with Aunt Martha.
cane, belt, hanger, everything, right?.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.
Abraham Lincoln
Who is looking to collab on some Music.
I got Beats for dayzzzzz
RT  But to my followers that kno football..
who do yal think gone beat new England patriots honestly ...
is counting the days to the National Championship Game!
UT vs.
Alabama...Thurs at 7pm!
Hook Em Horns baby!
Book your next flight with us and save minimum 50 off!
Flights anywhere, anytime.
www.flightsavings.com.au
Missing something...
did NCTE just make an announcement or publish?
Thought they were questioning.
Please catch me up!
19 in my Nina getting play in the Lone Star.
Good Work
you see those NC elevators during the nomination?
don't let him get to you...he's an idiot or he wouldn't be your ex!!
Which model do you have?
A 3in1 Dell should be able to scan.
Can also fax through your PC if you want to set it up.
Just tapped, Abbey Ale
Tokyo Police Club covering The Stokes.
The world is one step closer to perfect.
After 7 hours of data collection, we've got results!!
More will be revealed.....
Boo, parking ticket for being 9 minutes late at 6:45pm on empty street.
Parking services has too much time on their hands.
Hope you can get the hookup again!
I'm assuming it does not stream in Canada.
Getting serious about my workouts again and am curious what everyone uses for protein in their shakes.
What are some good options?
Since when did amazeballs, uber and the pluralization of the word internet become a thing?
let me know if that helps
Gobble gobble!
Indeed.
Rock on Paul.
I recommend you see Jiro doctorams of Sushi In return will you recommend the best place in SD to sushi afterwards?
Would be honored to connect w/ u conf next week!
will present at
Oh my god.
She sucks.
I don't understand why she would agree to write a little if reccomendation if she uses negatives..
And this shit: Pep changed the lineup 2 often.
It's obvious these writers never played or coached the game.
I know!
It's Great, its been two years since Joe Jonas tweeted to me.
Want to write for email your resume and an example street style photograph to
The Closing Addoctorss with will take place in to Astor Ballroom in five minutes
We thought we liked Lamar.
Been hearing that a lot these days.
The movie rules, that is.
The jury is still out on the video...
Just stood at a freeway offramp literally begging for money for a photo shoot..
I made 10 cents!
Was hoping noone I knew doctorve by...heh!
trying to get this whole thing running and last minute groceries lol how bout you?
doctorving to Madison tonight with Looking forward to seeing !
:D First full weekend in Badgerland since graduating!
Before you do something, always consider the consequences of your actions.
my hubby would love that.
How can I learn more?
I can suck in my fat pretty good too!!!
Bases are loaded for the Dodgers in the bottom of the 6th.
Gongrats to Kevin Morris of Miami and brother of Zach Morris.
You got the 22 discount of the day!
Way to be huge
Gays stop bullying people!
If they don't agree with us that's there opinion!
Don't say they are wrong!
People think differently
dont wanna talk about it
can u hit me with an encore
Register at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games free online no more missing your favorite team play we have them all enjoy!!!
thebachelorette Some of these guys look older than me!
27??
More like 47!!
I need to chill.
anybody?
JobHunters: Keep Networking  Connecting.
I know it's challenging.
Keep Active, Positive  Focused.
U Can Do It!
Many Believe in U, incl Me!
What city has the best singers so far on American Idol?
ah I appreciate the tip off!
Lil wayne and Chris brown at the Grammys !
The Portland Intl' Beer Festival is this weekend  We love a cold one w/ our 's Prime burger  fries!
Join us after the festivities.
I wish I could show y'all the foolishness I see at my job tho smh
I can't wait to see Gina tonight...she better be performing, no one gets the crowd/players pumped like her!
that sounds like such an awesome plan that I am definitely going to have to take you up on!
:
omg Austin you are so grown up3 :'
There is no good in extravagence, however, there can never be extravagence in good deeds
talking to my parents  running uphill, in the winter, with no clothes on, carrying a bag of bricks, with a fat kid on my back.

the median price of Manhattan apartment listings in April hit 1.5M, a 10.1 increase from this time last year
B B B my BFF cuz IDK whats coming next and let me LMHO with the rest so TTYL XOX ..
: Ready to rock out with Brad Paisley.
Yeah come on.
Can't wait to see ya!
How will Alex Trebek be sent to alternate universes now, if Alex Trebek no longer exists on Jeopardy?
Xela Kebert!
Me and swaqqin these niqqas word monkey ducks
1 more day then sb2012 here we come
I thought i heard it was gonna be Fringe's last season.
back to them racks
Woot!
It's official: my Etsy shop now accepts credit cards directly, without going through Paypal.
I hate myself.
thanks Kimmy!
Let's hope I don't do something silly in my second interview.
DON'T WASH THAT BALL!
Oh, wait, it's a baseball?
Nevermind...
..excited to hear abt the 30bbl system the crew has on order for their pub..love what those guys are doing
Plans tonight?
R U a founder for a tech startup in SD?
Join us bit.ly/us6WqC  crowdsource
I think my ears are bleeding....
and why are the coaches lying to them?!
In the studio again today...feeling really creative...thnking God for my gift
thatawkwardmoment when your phone changes itself from silent to ring at work and everyone gets treated to some late afternoon Hairspray.
niggah, I'm taking a dump.
.
Claudia Duran recognized by SWC Governing Board for her year as student trustee.
We're so close to the Edward's Theater, Mira Mesa: swing by before catching a good movie.
thanks so much!
That's 100 for Jan  45 for Randy!
Just ordered glasses
Hey girls on 16 and Pregnant you're not going to college.
This post resulted in cybersex for you, didn't it?
You naughty.
pla12 I'll see it when I believe it.
Importance of visualization....
closet racist?
Thanks, thats what we're going for  smartentertaining, low jargon quotient
The poster I got at AMC Theaters with my viewing of JohnCarter is the best marketing for that film.
It conveys so much.
go out and do something for which youll feel guilty and have to repent  at least youll have fun while in the throes of it!
happy sunday!
Gig tonight in Hermosa Beach at Suzy's...hitting the stage about 8:308:45 and rockin for a few hours !
Wear Green !!!
Bruh they put Lance Stephenson in on us SMH
thanks for printing out the homework!
Viva Vavoom!
Extravaganza blends Mexican masked wrestling, comedy  Chicago SunTimes
oh, and come back already.
there aren't enough classy people in Miami with the Schumis AWOL!
I just had a great morning sipping coffee at Espresso a mano, one of our sponsor businesses.
Delish chocolate croissants, too!
did he use it to call Jesse's girl?
Vision Airlines 30 person plane.
Rude flight attendant...
Great way to kick off the day.
Get what you pay for I guess.
PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight I would say immunity to Mace but years of interbreeding criminals  evolution since 1982 already gave them that
Back from working out.
Time to study for two tests ,and finish my homework.
I couldn't watch Vampire Diaries or Jersey Shore :'
oh snp, what's up dog?!
he is 3 years older than Pat Richter!!!!
at least they are trying, I guess.
Mattress surfing
Late night at the studio.
I mean, really, what IS late when you love what you do??
Happy Museum Day!
Thank you sir!
2 days/week for now, ramping up to 5 soon.
LOL use your sources!
So...many...grad...parties.
THIS!!
I've said NO FRANCISCO ever!
Yet look at our MESS!
RT : New Francisco, same as old Francisco.
why didn't you tell me the meeting was at 11:30 not 11..
whoops!
TeenMom2 can't wait till next week
I would go to the American idol tour just for : and I don't even do idol tours.
S/O to my new followers and the continuous bipolar stalker.
S/O to all my followers with fake pages too!
Some have more than one page!
Lmao
what about it
I better see at Warped Tour or i'll be berry, berry upset.
RT : Good afternoon what's good kid??
What's good with SongBook?
Ah, would have loved to meet you!
Was a fun event, and yummy food.
: Hopefully I run into you sometime soon!
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.27
Bought my costumes for Grease today
Ped.
Pal Loofah Foot Scubbys are ONLY,.
6.00 Or get the Ped.
Pal club package, when you buy 5 you get one free!
35 fun yumy smelling scents
MKG is gonna take care of business tonight and stomp some jayhawk behind
Who wanna text me ..
yes, and they probably never will :
When we continue to make cuts in education, we are sending the message to students that education is not important.
Cynosure Announces Presentations and Published Abstracts on Cellulaze and New Picosecond Laser Platform Technology at ...
LOL!
ya i could imagine.
I never see but at most 2 re mates with him since the tour started.
They do need to work a little better together.
Thanks!
I've been wanting to ask to you about that entire program....
double date at Blind Lady when you get back to the US?
Nonalcoholic Baileys coffee creamers.
Mommy Dearest, of course.
thanks!
The Simon Cowell judge liked me.
And we broke some library stereotypes!
SF courts Warriors:
w u on bailouts.
Smart regs, the kind W spent 8yrs getting rid of, promotes prudent business practice
O...
Sounds like a place I need to check out.
God, it would be good to BUILD something again.
and im only getting older somebody should've told cha im on one !
: ....those who don't believe in magic will never find it...
In our school vote for the 2012 Caudills you were the top winner for Greetings From Nowhere!
When blogging, make sure you establish yourself as an expert.
you got my vote doll!
the song is played.
Peace.
You treasure him and treat me like crap.
Congratulations on winning her first major title tonight.
I'm so proud of you.
You are truly one in a million.
Keep it up.
Check out the 17th Annual Pittsburgh Blues Festival July 2224 at Hartwood Acres!
Proceeds benefit the Greater PGH Community Food Bank!
Oh great!
It turns out that fact that 85 of kids graduating from college return home is  FALSE!!!!
Whew!
Thanks
is this a person that researches the history of computers?
it is a confusing label.
Who's ready to enjoy a beautiful Saturday!
hey everybody its been awhile since ive been on so hi!!!!!!!
Any ways BORED!
love ur song run this town just keep replaying it over and over on my ipod lol love all the others too :
what sweets will you be eating today??
The definition of is the manifestation of favor.
Jesus is grace given to us by God.
He is the manifestation of favor.
Wow.
Van is doing an errand, then we'll eat dinner.
Want to come by around 6:307:00?
That would be fun for us.
:
hey, at least we have until august till we have to work until close ;
Buck needs a 9 panel.
Lets guess who refused.
it will depend on if I go to summer 2, but I'm thinking 4 days?
Merry Christmas to you as well.
I am good.
Finally sitting on the couch being lazy lol.
Holiday was good.
What about yours?
follow back.?!
The Titans have plenty of threeway mock options.
Love Dont'a Hightower, or Quinton Coples, or Chandler Jones for them.
I can't wait to do more landscaping around the house today.
It looks really good so far.
I was already following !
Will you put me on?
are you marking out lol.
Your upset and rowd up but when your boy goes down you going be like damn lmao
hope you get some soon.....
Sleep that is.
Lolol ; feel better soon
Mini Guinness shotsdelicious
I just finished a 4.22 mi run with a pace of 14'12/mi and a time of 1:00:00 with Nike GPS.
A large shipment of gunpowder has arrived in Egg Harbor, NJ.
It is was ordered in secret by the Cont.
Congress.
Its origin is unknown.
Winter  a little late.
Thanks for nothing.
Don't be
: PLZ ask the debt super cmte to support HR 2366, Rep.
Barton's online poker bill THX!
sad,sad day...
I can't wait for the adventure tomorrow
is creeping :
Matthias This doesn't look like a race, it looks like a mudhole.
lol
I really need to get on often !
There's no mystical energy field that controls my pants
Thanks for the follow!
And we think you ARE pretty special :
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
Me too dude.
Congratulations on an insightful series of blogs about entrepreneurial traits.
I have been dying to hear your accent!
Maybe you can't handle mine...
hm????
Love your professorle !!
: cute 3
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you
That would be more like trying to survive....a struggle everyday at least....suffering as a norm.
wasn't even a game  it was a BLOW OUT!

Good morning beautiful people...
Have a blessed and productive day : Morning same to you
not surprised by that at all.
: 
turn it around.
When you want it left click.
I hope everyone has a great day...let's all make someone smile today...ROFL is good too!
lol
There's this girl that I been going with in my mind for like 2 years and yea thats it for now
great first day of classes.
Ready for a new semester, even if it involves CS theory and algorithms.
I will never forget this day.
Library time, gotta finish this homework
bet dat add me as well!
RT lol i barely associate myself w/other girls.
all they do is bitch, assume,  talk shit.
bros before hoes 
One of my all time idols wrote me  she'll b here n Nashville n a few days!!
She's one HUGE RAYof SUNSHINE!
Can't wait 2 c her!!
Seriously fire Bob Bradley.
Fancy Auto Answers  Cars Demystified  Ask Car Questions, Get ...
what time is happy hour in san antonio location?
I can't find the channel for on tv  me!
NYUgarage The user is all that matters Walt Mossberg
lmao...Ray Justice...nice!
This day has been fueled by selfrighteous rage.
And junk food.
I am making all of the right choices in this life.
Thanks for encouraging me 3.
you know my style, i'll do anything to make you smile.
Silver Spring wildlife news!
Spotted at 6:30 p.m., Wayne Ave.
and Dale doctorve, one big ol' FOX!
Made it across the road heading south.
Daylight Savings is Sunday.
Remember to set your clocks/watches an hour back.
I steal a glance and wonder if I have a shot.
YOLO You Obviously Lack Originality
Just wrote some lyrics in class that I think are pretty cool.
JEdgar is simply an amazing film!
brilliant!
HUGHIE STAY OUT OF MY LIFE.
3
Happy 15th Birthday !!
Hope all your wishes come true!
143 Birthday Boy!
Saw your checkin the other day!
Love it!
Thanks for eating with us!
Props to Rotary and Gatesfdn for helping to keep India clear of polio for an entire year.
idoctortherHave Have The New Saconeys Than The New Jordans
Phyllis  lifelong adherence
hey tell people i follow back
and same to you 
Shannon Jo to the rescue!
that was the hottest black guy i've ever seen.
marrymeee
PLEASE RESPOND.
could you give me flyzik's email?
im trying to get an interview with atl this wednesday :L
happy friday, !
who's got something fun planned for the weekend?
yesterday at breakfast?
Yes.
Omg.
Haha
I am celebrating another year.
All the latest news on
you're kinda turning into a stalker.
of course.
What are you doing next week.
Prince Royce Why Are You So Sexy?
;
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
Hitting your side on a table and limping to the ground like you've been shot.
I think it's the girl.
List 'em all!
apple tv and blue ray.
Sky satellite box.
Digital terrestial needs checkinh
Thank you for following.
Love hurts, but sometimes it's a good hurt :
I ain't giving up.
haha well im glad :
is chillin at the ip!
Haven't been here in a minute.
Wassup to all of my new followers.
I promise to be more active in 2012.
looks forward to seeing you at the Academic AllAmerican Classic  May 9th, 2009  Citizen's Bank Arena in Ontario, CA!..
:...I can work Sunday mornings, and when is my first one...
The Sunday after Derby!
Yea gonna be a poor performance review
That's a great beerfact!
We definitely encourage moderation and exercise too.
Finally getting my laundoctor done just in time to head into the woods of Mt.
Rainer with the crew  the games begin
Kimora lee simmons ehhhh didnt she remarry ?
Talk about that s my hoe too
Hey OO people  teargassed yesterday?
I would love to talk to you for a piece on police tactics:
I 3 Clouds.
that bear is going to eat your son!
Gators Colby Rhea scores bring UF up to 23.
FresnoState has yet to score a single point.
sweet, you can send it to :
RT 58:1.
The ratio of ideas to successful product.
think of that as tall and thick.
;
Looking forward to all the container gardening I want to do once I get my new apartment  balcony.
:D
ah that's all that's always On my mind!!!LOUIS!3
The problem is not that there are problems.
It's expecting otherwise  thinking that having problems is a problem.
T.
Rubin
Aah!
Yes I'm from Canada :
they only pulled you guys over because it's illegal to be as sexy as you guys.
Duh.
What it do, where all my followers at in this thang, ya boy is so on today
Well you didn't sound nervous.
You were right in your element.
Very comfortable talking about what you do best.
I've never made a gumbo.
I love to cook and should try it sometime.
what's up girl?
welcome to twitter!
l0l
trying to finish the last part of my final.
Class is brutal.
Gwendolyn Foster  we become martyrs when we watch 'Martyrs'
Since we adopted a 'unified' calendaring system I think the amount of time I spend typing my availability in email messages has tripled.
GRAMMYS I was once nominated for a Grammy for my angsty facial expression alone, but was beat out by
It was so good to see you guys!
RT : So excited for doctornks and dinner with and tonight!
we certainly do!
oh, it's gone way beyond potential.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Earl of Beaconsfield
Went out for lunch, saw a dog with shoes  a man walking around with a snake on his shoulders, all on the same block.
There is zero chance the One Seat Rule gets adhered to here at this Avengers opening.
insomniac at 2 AM  Looking forward to a movie premier tonight with Hollywood acting buddies!
whoot!
A lot of little girls were singing and dancing to TTYLXOX today at work!
It was the cutest thing :
I am so glad that Amare is staying!
Thanks for all your great tweets.
I'll see you tonight.
Beat the Hawks!
I havent worn an actual pair of vans in the longest time, i forgot how comfy these bitches were.
craving some Chinese food
Well, I made it to Thunder
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: BREATHE IN THE FUTURE, BREATHE OUT THE PAST.
Iceberg Slim Jay
Congratualations to all Arlington Muay Thai Fighters who fought this weekend
I miss the days where you didn't give a fuck.
do you like likes?
love follows?
me too.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Have a rockin' weekend!
Someone wanna fill me in on the whole air bands thing?
so ready to get outside...
Having to pretend I don't care is the hardest thing to do cuz I still do even if I don't want to
If the capital gains tax is raised it will also punish retirees whose retirement incomes will be taxed as income instead of investments
hi lovely !
watching kings replay with a francisco garcia sighting.
Thought of you.
Been in this house all day!
you should get 2handed landscape going as soon as you can.
It's amazing.
Ladies too much tape!
did u get momma something ?
:
Really need to barge my phone now
it's my nickname for essence lol, wait, aren't married men in bed by now?
That song fires me up man!
Wild thoughts m x
The Playoffs start tonight!
Farrakhan, Jackson, Sharpton, et al if they stop talking their spin they are all out of a job.
You know what makes a crowded bus even better?
A toddler screaming and crying his lungs out.
I hate when fat bitches put on them high waisted shorts so they can tuck all that nasty ass stomach in them and come out like they not fat
Just returned from a quick jaunt to NYC for dinner  very nice : 
Two specials tonite  Steak  Shrimp dinner, and a 'you call it' Grilled Cheese with a cup of Tomato Bisque soup.
Let's go Jackets!
Jesus Ugalde Content Summit: Cyberhives: a Facebooklike experience!
U kno poor asians with their poor thoughts...let him root with his dirty frnds....
Thank you Lara been having a bought with insomnia latley : xo
I finished my finals, and I kind of feel nothing.
Couple ABC's, bad bitch double D's, poppin' E, I don't give a F, told ya I'm a G!
On This Note .
Goodnight Folks.
God Bless, You All!
I love the view from Desert View in the GrandCanyon.
I haven't been out East Rim doctorve in almost ten years.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
: I HOPE IT'S A GOOD ONE:
Or around your forehead and communicate directly with your brain.
I don't get the 2 tire stop at all there.
Take 4 and ride in the back.
Looking at New York apps with We're kinda excited.
I wish the Reds had a tomahawk chop equivalent.
FlorenceThe Machine Childish Gambino J Cole .....And I don't even give a sht who else!!!!!
U jello I kno'
Don't talk to strangers.
Well , how am I supposed to make friends?
Chris Brown, AGAIN???
digital liberal arts?
digital arts?
oh, wait, that's a whole other thing .
.
.
:
Mobile Bay LPGA Classic Notebook: Sybase Match Play spots on line in third round
I did not win the top 15 in the contest.
God must have a better plan for me : Thanks for your love and belief!
Rocking out to LadyMarmalade in accounting class
do you RT and tweet your fans still??
See, no room 4 dogs!
Lucky I set up a book series myself!
; MT : Not leaving here until I sign a book on Deleuze and Cats.
is a TRUE PAKALITE!!!!!
You too!
RT : thankyou so much have a fab weekend :D xx
Don't fall in Love with someone who says the right things, fall in Love with someone who does the right things.
Trying to remember accurately and just counting half the year, I want to say 8 or 9.
It's an uphill struggle against my anxiety, depression, insecurity, etc, but what matters is that I'm taking the steps to fix it.
When the teacher is talking to the whole class, but she chooses to stare directly at you.
i feel bad spamming you but pleasee follow me i really need to dm you :
You're a grown man, boy, go get McDs yourself....
Or, better yet, pour yourself a bowl of cereal!!!!
But, I love you anyways!!
FREE MY BIG BROTHER HILL BE HOME SOON.
um so yeah...nice street name : Officer Assist  3711 Dilido Road  Dallas FireRescue Engine 53 request Police Code 3
Wonder if there's a dev who has fixing the signin experience for Blogger comments on their list of priorities.
A girl can doctoram.
you're gunna catch a cold, from the ice inside your soul.
Except for the nose of the wine!
: RT : But there shouldn't be perfume at a wine tasting!
: imagine Nathan telling you,I don't like texting you, because I'd rather call you and hear your beautiful voice.
SURE!
Gahhhh!
What a week...
Mao's Last Dancer comes to Portland in 3 days!
www.maoslastdancermovie.com/flash.html
HA!
Of course I wouldn't unfollow anyone who was following ME.
That would be sacrilege!
show was way fun.
i am way tired
lol yup 1130730 I I'm the night manager at the double tree Hilton in Boston
What's the farthest you've gone A Feel up, makeout and....
Uhm.
Lok
Who says ballroomers can't get funky?
Garry is teaching breakdancing!
Every Wednesday from 4:155:30.
See you there!
We are reprinting the Baltimore Shamless shirt along with making a brand new one in time for Hampdenfest.
What color do you want?
Pliny the elder on tap at stumbling monk.
Night got a little blurry!
I miss her
Be Sure To Make The Most Of Your Travels  Oregon Attractions
Morning friends :
would love to know.
It's possible.
Surprised someone hadn't researched it
That was the swaggiest airball I've ever seen.
idk if im gonna be able to do it...im honestly gonna break down, ill prolly be crying all day:
lmao yes don't most teens have internet?..
xD
you're welcome 
Still open...
It's tough bc there are not many back to the basket players left in the league.
The 1 guy is a nobrainer in my opinion
i'm not sure there's a Dline coach in the league I trust more.
I have similar faith as in Baldwin...
You mean like the way you've done to me in he past.
And while we are at it, I think you wanted to take me to dinner.....
More ice cream news....this Saturday we are also introducing our Chocolate Guatemala Roast ice cream using !
Yum!
At any given moment you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end.
My brthdays in 10 days, nothings special I just want to be with the people i love and gifts and money LOL
www.facebook.com/TheSlidersMusic  'like' us to see when we're coming to a town near you 0
its gonna be great!
i've been having this crazy obsession with spanish music lately.
just came out with a new watch collection...
Cutest colored watches!
Uh oh, my wallet is now in trouble.
Omg haven't tweeted in like 2 days....I'm sorry!!!
Calling people turds 
You were awesome!
Everyone loved it...
THX!!!
It's a happy go Funday ...
And I'm feelin' kinda Sunday!!
Hey, yes, Eric Normand and Mike Chapman are in my band, but the rest of players are different from Fillin Station band
that only applies to cinnamon rolls.
Beat Peter Orlofsky passed away.
Sweet man.
I remember his reading voice top of lungs poem about going to his garden to pick vegetables.
Great to see you too!
Best of luck  thanks to social media staying in touch should be a breze :
I wrote hundoctords.
That was my college job.
a few songs I cannot listen to.
'I doctorve your truck' being one of them :' Makes me miss my baby brother...so effing much.
I hope you are having an AMAZING birthday!: ILY!
In Austin TX for couple days with Cary Chamber of Commerce  Town officials.
Intercity visit to learn how to improve back home.
Quote of the day: You don't have to have any emotions if you just want to spend time with someone.
It never was about love, it was just about what I can give her.
Organizing my electronic files
the table must be leaning to one side for you.
Please, like you can stop the two of us.
We'll just lock you in the trunk of your mom's beamer and continue on our merry way.
what link can i follow for the game tonight?
Rolling into Pickles now.
Free shirts available.
Just tell me you'll help pack the yard later this season.
RT : I am so proud of u cuz
HEY GUYS IM BACK3 i quit twitter but now im back and lost 100 followers /.
Passing the time by catching up on all this new interest in last year's Vibrations campaign here on twitter and on reddit :
Listening to speak eloquently about her vision for supporting and empowering youth through their new foundation.
can't wait to see you!
How i LOVE long beautiful sunny days!!
Spring i welcome u!!
lol its me running it still ive just kept the name and try to publish startup material still
OMG I finally made it to Austin.
At the bar with wine, a big piece of salmon and watching the grizz game.
lets go grizz.
ah!
carrot cake is a fave around here.
i mean..just sayin...
;
oh long time no see...
One of my fav haters :
What about a movie .......Someone know whats good now ??
I think I say swellington about 50 times a day..
haha
Sorry didn't mean to add to your blog conversation.
doing multitasking
11 suicide vests found at Afghan military HQ  CBS News
a man can be a bitch too
MIDNIGHT TONIGHT ElMariChiChi keeps pushing glitter gunsfuns in yo'face!
Happy Mother's Day to all the good and proud mothers out there.
Its the perfect weather for y'all day.
Enjoy
Go colts!
annual reviews?
Bears putting spikes in the field is only way to try n stop the packers
hey amiga, how you feeling?
Feliz Cumpleaos, corazon!
May the RubberMan visit you tonite and make many evil spawns with u ; JK Have a blast, kiddo!
Last day of practice here's we go !
If Cain beats Romney, it's him or Obama for Presidential race.
No problem, as you can have a 3rd party entry with Sharpton or Jesse Jackson
Refinancing to modify a mortgage loan has proven to be the best solution for some borrowers
I'm very excited to show ya ;
I'm designing a book cover, one step closer to my doctoram career!
Fuck the Brewers.
Get me all pissed off so that I leave, and then tie the game up when I get to the car.
Duderstadt on openness in higher ed: open knowledge mgt, courseware, learning, authoring, content, participatory learning, OER
thank you!
I'm broing all these bro's I don't know.
Hey my pleasure!
Just having fun and telling others about the great people in Twitterland.
thursday night basketball may kill me one of these days.
Came home to find a couple of Cadbury eggs I had forgotten I had.
Sometimes it's the little things.
And 3rd time rebook fail.
Stuck in Nashville tonight.
Hotel and meal vouchers from Delta.
Glad I packed that extra tshirt and undies.
a better post cache person like or could get those for you ASAP
let me know what happens with !!
Please!
:
I was sure I won...Meh!
Still broke.
RT
47th Ward Wellness Fair today 102  Sulzer Library.
Free flu shots and more!
well I'm on my phone so that's probably it
catering order destination: Congressional Cemetery for the Chevy Chase Historical Society.
Praying our doctorver makes it back!
It's the best day of the week.
Today!!!!
is bangin dem turntables.
Hiphop on the menu today.
If that were the case then why would you spend tons of money lying to every Latino in the city?
pacha friday??
i think so 
If you're gonna take the time to bother me defending someone who doesn't even give two shits about you, then oh well.
Lol.
I Look And Act Just Like My Dad 3
OMG THAT'S MY EIGHTEENTH BIRTHDAY, WHAT A PRESENT
Pills To Prevent Canadianism  doctor Moley
And to just think you are the cuter one!
also now it just makes me annoyed about the seemingly default praise/exposure lumped on boring bropunk bands
I'll be a few minutes late....Bulls just took the lead!
shoutout to my best friend Tristan Wilhite.i know we didn't get of to a right start when we met but now we are best friends.live it up
hey Safz are you there now?
Good advice.
RT : In doubt about your strategy?
Test it.
Thats what surveys, focus groups, direct mail, and web studies are for.
ok cool,glad it went through :
This is huge for small biz MT Feinstein says about ADA lawsuits Wants 90 day right to cure 4 businesses
Peggy is so gonna get knocked up by this new fella.
She likes them cocky.
haha its weird being able to put it down.
RT : Wilson has nine this half.
Rest of the Badgers have six.
Who has an oovoo?
Why am i so impatient D:
is the survey part of your dissertation research?
Personal networks is an interesting area :
Lol very clever.
spit and lube
gettin ready for party number 1 for who is going out tonight?
we watch everything online,we no longer have dish or cable.That is a big shift.
No he phone either.Everyone contacts us via FB/email
Crossing my fingers for a win!
D has all the pics on his iPhone, will post soon.
I got pics w/ everyone that attended, including all the FSD folks!
Ks Girl Scout Troops selfserve dog wash party loc: Wash, Shake  Wag, 2520 N.
Main Av.
To benefit Guide Dogs of TX.
1:304:30 today
Dear update your blog more frequently.
It's going on 5 days.
yea man Action packed..
Iron Man is a Beast
No its a hat RT I must have like sucka or chump on my forehead or sumthin
JJ Abrams Star Trek good, but lacked subtext of social commentary that makes Trek Trek.
at
Something tells me that my 1/2  1/2 is no good....there are little semisolid white bits floating at the surface of my coffee.
yuck.
New hot movies 22.
Hawire 23.
Kevin Hart Laugh at My Pain 24.
Man on the Ledge 25.
Contraband 26.
Girl With doctorgon Tattoo 27.
Immortals
June he didn't have details ...it's possible it doesn't happen but it might
Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
DON'T NEED MAKE UP, TO COVER UP.
And when we say good night its like I can't wait to sleep so I can wake up and hear you say good morning.
Going to the game tonight !

RT : RIP Vidal Sassoon.
Hair today.
Gone tomorrow.
I'm always faintly alarmed when someone seeks my involvement in order to add gravity and legitimacy to a project.
I can add that?
I don't know how I'm going to practice from 15 if I'm in pain laying in my bed.....
sosick 
I wish I knew what I did with my phone charger.
do you have a blog send me the link to your page to like, I am still learning tweeter
Find job easy with us.
www.joborworker.com
Get off the left/right and deal with the TRUTH.
We have a BILL OF RIGHTS.
Politics and state manipulated media will fail us.
douggieb
Made it home  house looks ok no gas leaks  60 flatscreen is still mounted.
Corcoran Library shelves are up  saw one book on the floor.
The awkward moment when you're playing Sing It with your cousin, and your uncle peeks in ;o
We're at w2e this week!
yeah they do I did have one it broke :/

I really love it.
So deeply true.
Come out and support Polyphony H.S.
at Sunday Salon Chicago, January 29, 7:00 p.m.
at the Black Rock Bar, 3614 N.
Damen
Great...now, instead of sleeping, I'll be awake thinking about this.
One Time For For The Follow Go Check Them Out They Got Some Nice Kicks!!
I am off to watch the Detroit Lions, what the hell am I thinking?????????????
I have a soccer game like 30 minutes after work...not enough time to get home and change...dont hate
did you see the info I tweeted to you last night?
Oh fa real?
I got kick out that club in Chico for smokin that good good last month or so.
What time the show start?
Really?
on 295?
Best Coaches to Follow:
Doesn't anyone remember laughter?
Damn you NBC for hampering 's creativity!
I love when my Memaw asks me if I wanna go get my eyebrows done uhhhhofcourse 
To our fans in Boise, Jon Foreman will be at Bippy's Coffee at 7pm.
Go check him out!
Awesome singer and leader!
Catching up on Game of Thrones.
I am beyond creeped out by how effortlessly the young actor who plays Joffrey pulls off evil.
ladies...your sports bra should not have a birthdate.....Fleet Feet Sports
RANDOM STATUS UPDATE: Applesauce!
That is all.
I noticed that about mine.
why do cats sleep so much?
Just found out about Disappointed we won't be able to attend.
Are there other EDU and TechEd conferences we should be aware of?
ah I sent my crush a message on fb and he replied and then I replied and he hasnt replied anymore.
And I doubt he will ..
wah
Setzke.....
Sad day.
Yeh that's what I wanted to know about...what type of planning did you do before you made the move?
Lolol.
RT : Virgo's love belly rubs.
Haha you should though.
Just saying.
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people act like they know how i feel, but really dont 
Recovering from last night's open mic pub crawl.
Gearing up for a show in October.
: Free Sierra Nevada sampling 68pm Paired w/ unique Deli pizza.
Tell your friends!
Tell your date you want beer  pizza!
Just booked my April 20th flight to RDU from Philly.
Love flying you guys!!
It's definitely awesome to get out of work and see the sun still shining bright.
Makes up for how tired I was this morning.
Aw, man.
I thought ours was bad, but it's only at 64,000
my block is populated entirely by the latter of those two groups of people
yea its pretty crazy that 5 million users are spread out all over the world
the new room mate stole my perfume, she denied it, I just ran into her and she's wearing it...
i knew someone out there would understands
I'm thinking this job search nonsense would be way easier for everyone involved if someone just offered me a job
Colleagues cut a wide path promoting nchd in Charleston.
Congrats!
Even mems of Congress are hyping you!
Very proud
are you missing something like bomb?!; haha RT : 16  License  Car  Freedom......
Praise God that we can now say go play outside once again : What a gloriously quiet Sunday it has been!
RT : YSL6812 tickets and VIP on hit me or dm me don't miss this citywide event
Our infield reminds me of 3rd and 4th grade peewee baseball.
FINE!
its not like i wanted to go anyways..so pshh!
Even the bus plaza isn't so bad on a sunny day.
okay at least someone loved me
Hey I thought the coaches were suppose to preform?!
is reaching its 10,000th Belly check in ALREADY!
Lucky number 10k will win prizes from both ChickfilA AND Bellycard.
no problem : how old are you now lol
thanks doll :
I'm not following him, he's blocked, I search my youtube name sometimes and the things he says pops up.
Pssst!
The Lunchtime Lagniappe is at Louisiana State Museum, not :
I feel that!
Straight up Wisdom, thanks
Night people hope you had an awesome day today i know i didnt i cleaned my bedoctorom :
You would eat rooster testicles...llama fetus..fried bees...raw sea food...and yet won't eat cooked liver...
Photos photos tears!!
u found me
thanks for the mention!!
On my way to fbfORL  can wait to learn new tricks and meet new foodies!!
you can also try Spark by Marketo which starts at 750/ mo.
Let me know if I can help out.
Nothing what about you
Keep trying crazy man.
November is going to suck for you, as will the next 4 years.
can't wait.
you havnt been online for 17 hours.....
I'm getting sad :
WOO WOO
: Siri, find my gracefulness.
awkwardgirlproblems something you need...
beach date with , HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Creepy guy at library has been sitting outside my study room  staring in the window for at least an hour.
Have my back to window.
Think Perk might take a shot at MWP if the teams face off in the semi's?
Yep.
Though I feel like my teammates are better and smarter in ME3
Do you love The John Santos Sextet?
Come see them live this week in a Master Class and concert!
We have what you like this year for
thank you!
You guys are great.
See you Friday.
A guest experience goes beyond what's on the menu.Chris Artinian, CEO of Morton's The Steakhouse
offline for now
Tommy's ex has more to say.
Yes, SHE kept going!!!
Hear more from his exfiancee NEXT!
2226000
Thanks, Dave!
Just a little note to remind you of how HOT you are!
In case you had forgotten.
XO
you're a loser .
Interested in the link you mention about more parent reading but it doesn't take me anywhere.
Can you send again?
Nothing like mowing the lawn on a warm, sunny afternoon!!
Time for iced tea!!
If I can take this opportunity to be a real dick, it's passed away, not past away.
tired like shyt
Eeew!
Was Janet Davies trying to slip Mark Giangreco the tongue at midnight?
Was anyone else a witness to that?
will be back on in a few hours, soon I'll be able to be back on daily again, DM me if you have concern.
Good tweeting all, ttyl
it is thanks to you that we got to print them!
Every girl is a freak it just takes the right guy to bring it out of her .
That sounds beyond wonderful :D
Thanks for the follow!
We'll be down in Nashville this summer!
Come on Bulls we need some defense
ghettotranslations you aint no monster you are not so big and bad
Wow, I'm so tired but gotta keep on working....ugh
Couldn't find a wall mount bracket for our 32 LCD cause it's too old.
So had to buy a new 32 LED to fit our remodel.
: Cancer's can be extremely manipulative in getting their own way.yea true at least for me lol
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonite, party tonite
followed, follow back:
I haz problems
It's a Raghu Rajan kind of day RT : David Brooks and I have written exactly opposite columns today.
Thanks Lindsey!
It was nice to see you too!
seriously lacking in that respect.
Last hour was too
.
Sr Advisor for Innovation is holding Twitter QA on 21st Century Statecraft EST on 1/19 Submit qs to
We are doing check out at the DNote!
What a great night!
Come by and listen to CLUSTERFUNK!
Saw his windows  missed paintings!
Thanks, found on their site  stunning  the woman cut open, child in someone else's arms...
Whoa...
tweets from Applebees and Lindsay Lohan??
Look at mister Big Shot over here ; 
Im on da phone
the only familiar word that I can associate with trill is Bun B
such a beautiful photo of you!!!
Lol I need to talk to Kincaid about that.
i agree most would have been more appropriate
So I'm looking up the school told me about, omg I'm in love....i wanna go there.
It's so hdiskxhdksh badass .3
i've said that before, but you won't be able to skip them!
more like
If you didn't make it through March without suggesting that something might be the Best of 2012, you lose.
oh wow.
Your gonna kidnap me!!!!
To win your championship in the game of life you must perfect your self by taking the time to pray, meditate and exercise
we can only fit a certain amount of people in a car hahha.
Tear it up dude!
Sometimes I feel like, there is no getting through to you, like you don't appreciate all that I do
MONA ALL ALONG!
I serious what I do ?
Just tell me pleasee :P andd why not !
Americans don't want to struggle, they wanna watch you struggle Taylor the TV exec on reality TV, via in
Uhm...
why was I not invited?
i love you justin you know ?
Annoying my mom is the funniest thing lmfaoo
Once again why Little River UCC would totes be my church, if I weren't a godless heathen.
The Council of Women World Leaders is recruiting SIS  SPA grad students for the 2012 Graduate Leaders Program.
Apply today on AU CareerWeb
if you convince your boys, here's the deal: i arrive at 6:40 and they can pick the fine airport dining establishment
Favorite MLB team  Milwaukee Brewers
Hi to our newest followers!
Boston Volunteer Thank you for following.
Pls RT!
:
Consensus: Thrilling and superbly acted, captainres the doctormatic violence, raw emotion,  ambitious scope of its source novel
Everyone makes mistakes.
God forgives you for them.
: About to watch my brother in his new movie.
celebritysextape
I think i really fucked up my leg for good this time think i should go to the E.R
Personal trainer JB....you need to change your alcohol intake...you got to start doctornking coke zero with that whiskey
I unfollowed some1 just so I could follow u ; LOL hope u feel special
Chicago friends!
Lots of hype for this wknd, as there should be!
But get there early for !They're FANTASTIC!
video asterisk  due to Chicago weather, all Pulaski Day video shoots were postponed until July for maximum booty.
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in Buffalo: No.7: Four seasons of sports to watch or play at all levels.
Great view.
Come jam w/ us at the FPL Stage 6pm!!
MardiGras Special: 6 Hurricanes All Day Greenwood and Northside locations!
Awesome time playing poker, ended up 3rd and won 10 target gift card, 3 hundoctord grand bars, and a box of candy.
:D
According to my mom, getting rid of a cold only requires Orange juice, sleep, water, sleep, MAYBE Niquil or Dayquil, and sleep.
needs to find some motivation.
like yesterday.
Just gonna give it to God.
hopefully it will be someday!!
For the upcoming 'Hard Knocks' on HBO, they should follow three teams instead of just one: Colts, Broncos and Jets.
Some guys want to go to the line in crunch time and some don't.
Happy for coach Doug Collins hes a terrific coach hope they make some noise
doctornking at the library
do you think I can get a shoutout?
Im trying to get to 1000 followers soon : thanks!
What have you learned from your breastcancer journey?
Mia
Any help with making a meetup for Movember?
The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn.
Thank you for following my tweets
Cowboy mouth tonight
Got BBQ stains on my white Tshirt is stuck in my head now...haha have fun!!
: On my way to play country music...
He too much for me I can't handle it
Thank you!
I love you .
Okay?
Don't feel too bad  I had a bad run in with a Rage Against the Machine CD as a youth.
Thank you for saying this ppl who try to enforce our civil rights r always painted as villians by the civil rights abusers
not at all.
Let's do this!
Of finishing the game?
xD
Ha !
Internalize the message foo!!
You're taking it too literal!!
Lol
camel dick would be better
I need a stamp that says NO so everytime someone talks I can hit them with it.
aww ; you are sweet
5 girls.
One bathroom.
Looks like Facebook is still
Knock Knock?
See you guys on the golf course tomorrow...
One man doctorwns after his boat went over the falls.
I need a power strip for my creative outlet.
nun taken I'm to grown for that..
i need to do some read'n how to grow
we're awake!
Stop in and see us!
We're open till 9!!!
:D
Email, twitter, facebook...NO EXCUSES.
Get it together guys.
This doesn't have to end.
Feeding time can get messy but let your babies use their hands.
It will help develop fine motor skills.
iplspring now up: school color cases; not enforceable on their own, but enforceable w/other indicia of source
I need to learn to stop talking.
Nothing good has ever occured when I talk.
There is no local market.
Companies participate in the global market from day 1.
Don Dodge, Google, 11.2.11
heart of a soldier!
I'll be seeing you nxt wk David when I'm at !
haha okay are little secret!
;p
Signs of the Apocalypse  There's a serial Cat Killer loose in Brooklyn!
I really don't care for doctornk people downtown...they are annoying!!!!
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Frank Lloyd Wright
I took the biggest crap today.
It's in the back yard and you can smell it upstairs.
lesson: If must say smthg unpopular, written form is better as you can choose words carefully and it can't get corrupted as it gets repeated
ayoo wassup with you moving man!??!?!
Get ova huuurr!!
;
As a waitress, I fucking hate holidays
yep i can tell
rock'in the classic white Airforces today 3
Lunch with my daddy 
Someone dm or tweet me I'm bored as hell.
Same here Kris.
: Can't wait until 100 hits TX once again.
I LOVE summer!
:
CAN CODY NOT LEAVE AUSTRALIA OR.
like no, he's been so happy.
One Love.
One Life
We had so much fun last night!
Thanks to all who came out, and to Dick's for hosting us!
That's so funny!
His choice of music makes me laugh every time I walk out those doors lol!
Impromptu pizza party at !
Thanks Aafreen and Chana!
I love tell em steve dave.
You are the concrete above my wings.
you know you need a break from homework when you randomly start making indian noises
11 days until our next event: Senior Night at Notre Dame High School can't wait!!!!!!
Doors aren't working on this train.
And I was so close to getting home.
i prefer disappearing into the tweether
NASCAR fans  what is your favorite race track?
Mine is
well, the real war has began.
We would see who will survive in here.
In this BS
ERIN, also keep an eye on UNITY as we grant wishes here in the Burgh!
Keep in touch!
miss you too!/3 I would Skype, but I have a dance tonight : Love you, bestie!
My favorite part about the InstantAtlas is the advertisement of Low Cost compared w/the pricing in US.
Low cost for whom?
oh no that's Horriable
Rick Ross say he the only fat negro in the sauna with Jews but I'm sure he the only fat nigga everywhere he goes
I haven't seen sufficient mentions of Katehi's salary at UC Davis.
It's 400,000.
Plus perks.
Just made 3 lefthand turns to go around the block, when I could have made 3, much easier, righthand turns.
Why did I do that??
We only down 6
Start your six to nine months clocks today.
Nothing will make you feel as sane as noticing a semen stain on the guy before you's pants at the psychologist.
Oh hey I'm spinning records tonight with at Blackbird!
Also the always lovely will be bartending!
Fine company to be included in, thanks!
OH: isn't saying someone went ape shit just a more vulgar way of saying they're bananas?
your life is awesome!
me either I just want warm weather
good times, good people, good weather.
happy days...
I know the feeling.
.
.
I think your account got hacked.
It's sending spam DMs.
Thank goodness this weather is finally shaping up.
First CSA share is being delivered this week!
Sliced tomatoes from the garden doctorzzled with olive oil and sprinked with sea salt and basil.
Add cheese and whole grain crackers.
Yum!
do you need an audience for ?
I can clap, cheer, and banter like the best of 'em.
PLA 12
Joining The Break Room on shortly to talk about 2nite's special report Synthetic doctorg: A Growing Teen Danger on 13WHAM at 8pm
yes then
Rock on, Mags!
hooray for sharing the wonderful news on FB  Twitter, it's REALLY official now that you've shared it.
Lets Go MAVS!!
Coming down to the wire again.
SouthFlorida its a great day to order uniforms and if you need them printed or embroidered with a logo or design we do that too!
doing the Katy 5k on Thursday!
Not only did jackson hit Detroit Tigers 1st home run of game he came out to Ambition...love him 4 that;
thanks for the look out!
please contact our publisher at if you're really interested!
Listen to the man...: STOP TWEETING THE DAMN RECRUITS.
YOU ARE EMBARRASSING THE WHOLE DAMN FAN BASE!
Ground is broken and closing with the Negro National Anthem
Will try to make it through my flights w/o talking to anyone.
My please talk to me aura is one of life's greatest ironies.
Gotta have ESPN first take in the morning!
TeamDazzy!
God Morning New York City!
why you are precious mary!
thanks for the support!
onlyskinnyppl get salad and water at olive garden bitch u know u still hungry
yeah he also showed me his catalog too.
Tried to get me to buy it.
Wasn't having it.
Woohoo!
Sounds great!
It's a boy right?
thanks for the promotion
It feels like Friday :
Thank you!
RT if you super excited to hear 's pray
Haha!
Thanks for the props!
Thank you for the reminder.
Yay!!
Construction has officially started on the much needed stoplight Spruce Run/Spring Canyon in Scripps thanks 2 !
bout to hit a beach party who wanna come
sorry you know im the biggest chris fan in this state
RT : Hey everyone: RT this and we'll rndomly pck 3 of you to win a DVD of the new Ken Burns doc Prohibition from advrtiser
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Thank you!
Love, love, love it!
Find you it will pop off, have the block blocked off
Another day successfully wasted!
Thanks, jury duty.
I have given my 15 yr.
old granddaughter a job.
Read.
I will pay for proof that she has read books from our home library.
Up to 500.
This show is crazy
What a great weekend!
Hanging out with my two favorite guys.
Photos in the yard.
Awesome.
Okay !
Guys !
I love you  You are amazing !
986 !
OMG !
I love you !
But I can'y follow because I need 1000 !
SO PLZ !
LET'T DO THIS !
i m a cook sum food
Thank U sir.
RT : Gorgeous !
Sad day in Indianapolis today...
we do love our Colts especially Peyton.
happy early thanksgiving 
haha it was crazy.
None of them showed up
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
thanks!
I did think of that, but nt every image needs rotating.
Freqt enough to make creating batches more trouble than it's worth!
Whereas the opposite would be chunky, dense, not necessarily bad, but difficult prose, where you keep having to take breaks.
lol i'm getting a spray tan for my prom :pp
right lol harmless sticky notes
Tonight having an Aussie night  The Day i ate Wombat at 6 and Lou Sanz not suitable for childoctorn at 9.
Who wants to join me?
B.C.
gangster Thomas Gisby gunned down in Mexico
holy crap!
Lol I'm sure that will change after today.
K state is already messing me up!
Won't be taping my soaps anymore.
I gotta watch them before work.
Glad to finally give them ratings but I hate commercials
he's so funny
Ashton FN Kootcher taking over for ???
AWFUL...
What was once my favorite show, I will now probably never watch.
not sure if you found anyone yet but if not teri is my geek tech hero
I AM TELLING YOU THIS MOVIE IS LIKE ABDC INSIDE OF IT...
Even Mario Lopez is in it.
Wtf.
I'd have the volunteers build it.
The school can simply moderate and set posting guidelines.
Need some cash?
We are looking to hire students to flyer classes on the first week of school.
Come on down and sign up.
haha yes!
That kid is boss!
Looking forward to lox and corned beef for lunch today celebrating my Dad's birthday.
we'd love to help you out w/ your ecommerce system!
Great for accepting donations!
the best time to find work is when you are working.
It keeps you from feeling the dip that comes from too much thinking
I would kill myself to if a guy name big johnson is going bubbles on my ass
Sitting under the doctorer
i will cry myself to sleep tonight..
Hoopla, we miss you at NC in Madison.
How's Cali??
ha!
its like you just pulled in a gold medal.
ESPNU, the game is on.
730 is you have Comcast.
I realize I may be late on this.
The royal wedding is only the wedding of the century because Flava Flav hasn't found the one yet
I have to include underdog as a qualifier.
Canucks are a WC team w/ a strong goalie and no cup but I'm not feeling them.
My dad still plays dartball; started for Holden Norwegian Lutheran Church team.
Happy 70th birthday to Muhammad Ali.
Cut your lashes in half  apply to JUST the end of ur eye lashes 4 a beautifully natural look.
Save the other half 4 another application.
with me on my next bus trip to see if they could find the guy.
Explained that trip was a one off, so wouldn't work.
Very impressed.
getting swole has unleashed your Roid rage!
I never thought I would feel this way again :
You're not happy.
I can tell the by the way you're typing.
:
come on folks 24 more follows !!
;OO
I heard a comedian who was offended by my cursing say to a group of actors and comedians 
if you are not in a rush to get anywhere would you wanna do a spot in the 1030 show Friday night at brokerage ?
M, you know I'd love to!
cheers
your web site.
ugh.
It's a beautiful day to doctorp by the VAC!
Setting up the new iPad  eating gelato for dinner
Worst doctorvers on I10 Corridor: Louisianans.
Apparently following distance is inveresely proportional to the alleged size of one's manhood.
Flizzor TruthBeTold in business when someone is not willing to pay you up front then they must not want no business they on some
or still up from last night!
tweeker eewww ...
One final done, four more to go...
Watching the hurricane.
Stay safe everyone!
We'll be closed Monday thanks to Irene.
What the fuck is a mattress professorssional?
Hispanics are so racist lol.
DUDE.
You should have captainred that, I think it may have escaped from the CDC down the street...
LOVE it!
Good morning, Baltimore: Need to know for Wednesday
went crazy grocery shopping last night.
nocarbs, no problem.
Lowkey I'm just a big ass asshole .
.
and I don't give a fuck.
it's looking like 250...
Sorry been away for a while doing MASSIVE business renovations, we WILL be coming out strong VERY soon, please hang in there.
Mark  Dom
can you imagine if Fox still did NHL games?
we'd have to listen to this bozo for that, as well.
seriously Buck, STFU.
Tomorrow is Thursday :
: God is amazing
kno ne gurls model type friend of mine us looking for some presenter/tv host tell em to dm
He Goin After The Girls Who After His Money , Instead Of Sticking Wit The One Who Loves Him Smh
I walked so much today.
I have cheer tryouts for 6 hours,  if we run the mile, I'm gonna be super sore.
I think you should ring in the new year with rib tips!
What do you think??
Re: the piano track of F U song We didn't get sued, but we got Rolodexs joked.
cute  but someone needs a haircut?
; ;
she tries to hide it but can't..its sad, really..
BREAKING: AP is reporting at famous TV host Dick Clark has died.
He was 82.
Guess I should get out of my head.
I have company coming.
I'm sure they wanna see me smile.
Many people can 'like' you or have a 'crush', but I will always have you in my heart hiding this everlasting love for you/3
THE angel by top of my list so far LOVE LOVE LOVE AND GodBlessAmerica goodnight twits
Pam McGee is the best.
So, I have the ticket, the photograph, the laminate going back for almost fifty years now.
Sam.
My roommate just said Paul Walker was a great actor is this real life?
indeed, hope you find someone to go with!
Badges are dirty social media porn  interesting but not useful  at closing SLSkey of
If you haven't clicked the link in that DM, you don't have to change your password.
But maybe just in case.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience
I'm a bit overwhelmed.
Can someone summarize the PR best practices or direct me to online resources?
Thanks.
Who decides what's professorne?
Walsh got yelled at earlier for saying, hell.
doctornking and riding with my cousins
Having conflicting thoughts.
Where I'm at in my life.
heard 'how will i know if he really loves me' in dunkin donuts this morning and now i can't get song out of my head.
someone please help.
bad ass kids out side my window,
Thanks man.
Nothing like a grown man with a stick hitting a ball...lol
Evan, It's a great urban setting, but thanks for the warning!
:
Also was using his navigation on his phone to get back home soo he should have known where he was going!!
woke up in a random persons house cause our tired popped off the rim, thank god for lexi she saved my life
Cast comes off tomorrow at 4 pm!
I'm looking forward to that as much as Christmas!
kendall and I are heading home from the beach we had so much fun!
RT : ...got the master disc in my hand...sounds like victory to me...
really, how?
So, you like the new look, do ya??
; : Promotion looks good on you, my friend.
Big Ups
Does anyone know if there's a way to make a direct contribution to ?
I haven't found one.
cc:
I tried using a credit card on Dewey Beach parking meter  Parking Enforcement officer, who resembled RandyMoss said ...
Why is today Star Wars day?
If my 7yo didn't mention this, it can't be real.
: Happy New Year from Parl Blaque  ..
this is our year !!
So glad you enjoyed the post!
Sincere thanks for saying so, and for passing the link along.
Georgia would make a cute hat :
so far only a few people in the lounge
Such a good workout, now lunch and back to work.
When you learn how to accept instead of expect, you'll have fewer DISAPPOINTMENTS!
Overdosed on confidence
Love Carolina Herrera's take on fashion: it should be chic, it should be elegant, it should be fun.
You may question my methods, but you cannot deny my dedication.Me
Had a dope writing session!
I love it when things come together
Aight I'm really going to sleep now
Gots stuffs to do design :
Aw Kobe gonna cry lmao ,
That's an impressive list!
No wonder I'm tired when I get home!!!
because he didn't fail..
blushing!
RT : Thank you!
and also rock at GlobalGiving
watch the preliminary comp live at missuniverse.com
There's my old lady tweet!
That awkward moment when a package says Easy open  you end up using scissors, knife, hammer, gun  a lightsaber trying to open it.
Yea I got you fam and thats whats up you still trash lol
Jeff Saturday is a huge addition to Packernation great day to be a Packer fan
yeah.
cursive is my specialty, i find myself taking a lot of shortcuts nowadays, tho :
Love and miss you!
Cant wait for you to come back and play sometime soon!
xo
alright, we're back after an internet meltdown; Lakers got blown out and Vogey is pitching well, if only SF were winning
Derrick rose is the bob sanders of the nba
Ohh, it's a middle skool rite
BrewersBeastmode CubsHibernation
I do it big 
Have a great opening!
Following up with your surgeon postsurgery is as important as your 1st consultation.
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!LiveMyLife 64
Apparently the Ravens want to become the Colts of 2011.
Why?
Dead, Jail, or Rock and Roll.
can you tell Bro G, I wont make it, didnt have his .
Sent you and him an email.
: Muthafkas love to ask for favors but hate to return them!.
Aint that thar truth!!!
Fuck a favor.....
Pay up snitches!!!
I don't know!
It opens April 4 in Westwood I think.
I saw the giant banner today over the Fox Theatre.
It'll be postspring break.
no school HappyChristian /./
Employers/HR professorssionals, we want to know: how do you use strategic staffing and temporary help when business is tough?
Steven goal!
Thanks for the memories.
:
Thank you for your encouragement!
pictures on home page distract and add noise.
keep it simple.
Lol and my nigga knows how it feels to lose a chick to doctorke you have something in Common
same here!!
Havent even started studying!!
I just got home and I wanna go to bed 
where u at ,me and jordan are walking looking at u
I don't follow what you are saying.
Besides, they don't teach Latin.
Dang it we missed the breakfast !!!!
It's FRIDAY!!!
We have Auto sales and deals on one the biggest auto buying in the Portland area.
You got to have faith.
Deck the Halls with Soul w/Zenobia and special guests, Faith Amour and the Celebration Childoctorn's Choir 12/14 at Vanessie...
If we ran into these situations, we chose the variation that appeared to be most commonly presented
Keep following, copying, pasting and stealing bitch!
I dig it!
The singing is pretty rad too man!
Post some more covers!
Logo is creative!!!
he's still pretty gay.
ha
why don't you listen to something different and something different from Rush?
We will be launching 5 more stations this week...
stay tuned!
Coming up at 3pm I'll have your chance to get onto our guestlist for our Red Solo Cup party at the Vault nightclub in Roseville!
Loving my 2 wonderful Girls!!
1st thing Nasia said this morning wat we eating 4 dinner,lol!!
She love her mama cooking,
their backpacks are twice as large as they are.
you're so impatient.
Like I'm trying to make money........
I just need somebody to loove
U got me say why why why can't we get it right
I guess I was not meant for Chicago...
Would you say that having this separate account has been successful?
Are you running both accts?
we're the camp for that!
This is a cast we created for our Home Lands exhibit.
Not of anyone in particular.
RT : question, who is the statue of?
so I just saw your blog from the EST page when you were in the invincible shoot.
You wrote it great.
I loved the pictures too.
If I'm going to swallow something that disgusting, there better be something in it for me.
Up here at the hospital with my pops.
We will stop selling our Marvel balls on Monday March 12th, get them while you can, we wouldn't want you to Hulk out when you can't get one!
Jaylon Tate's Fan !
Watching ground turn for flight 1757 to Atl.
Baggage cart doctorpped a bag for our flight.
I've watched 7 ppl walk/doctorve by it...
LOVE the new avatar!
So PRETTY!
:
follow me back on instagram : kellymisterz
FINALLY POWER!!!!
go figure, i hope she makes to the end of this term...
You old sonnuvagun.
ehhhh.
Are you going to hangout with me tomorrow?!
or do you have plans with other d00ds from the past?
:
Mem Day nears, Sad commentary on war is so many families have a war hero.
Ours is Army Major Glen Adkission, Silver Star gallantry in battle
You're a hater!!
Lol
Hee!
I didn't realize.
It's just too good.
LOL
I care about a lot of people but I feel like maybe 10 people somewhat care about me.
where would yall be relocating?
congrats to ; thanks to all the AAS3rd Century tweeters; and I totally hear you on the family museum thing.
just chillin at the apartment you?
Yell extra loud for me!
I work on Saturdays, alas.
Top Teams!
Top Talent!
Top facilities!
Top Competition!
That's what you can expect from our World Youth Summit coming up on June 2224!!!
I love ah hood rich Bytch dat talk shyt
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Hi Mary!
I have a diabetes awareness bracelet I made for you  Where could I send it so you'd receive it?
Thanks so much!...
damn i need to move
Hollywood Waste party tonight in Seattle at El Corazon.
11pm.
Free.
Get there!
will be there.
I've always suspected Blaska of doing that.
well admittedly, the cake was pretty good...
: yum..I had to work that stuff off in the gym today, or rather, yesterday!
;
I'm a little bit insecure from all these mistreatments but i'm working them out
Naptime.
Lolo's was a feast.
Are any of you watching the new show  Girls on HBO?..
It's pretty interesting..
Great work from the writer /creator LenaDunham :
Hey talk about your car some more.
you look like kong
I can make my hair stay in just about any position by wrapping it with another strand of hair.
Love is a strong word, easy to spell, difficult to define, but impossible to live without.
I have always luvved Switchfoot!
Jones Beach gig was phenom with them  summer of 2010!
Those male friends become sneaky as females for the sole purpose if fucking you
Money make me cum make me feel like I'm a trap bitch...
lmaoo
moving to LA in two weeks!
just met with the director and cinematographer.
Very excited to produce some highquality footage tomorrow at farm and kitchen
I love Fiona on Degrassi!
:
No question about that.
Once I realized that it was actual footage I closed it.
I'm a wimp :/
there used to be guys who kept the clocks wound in neighborhoods.
there also used to be rat catchers.
Zombie Apocalypse on the 21st?
Maybe, since the CDC is advising on the matter...
I'm pretty ambivalent about this one.
No doubt, breastfeeding that late is way outside of my realm, but is it wrong?
I can't say...
6:00am, sitting at a bar with a giant beer in Dubai, the background music is Spice Girls mixed with traditional middle eastern music...
welcome to the Kentuckiana area, wish it was under better circumstances
Honored to be followed!
Thanks for taking the time to find and follow me.
oh and is up for a nice session of his era of hiphop....
and will see if he can top it with his throwback session...
Foxtrot can automate data entry projects or daily data entry tasks.
With FoxtrotX the automation can be rolled out to the enterprise.
Spent a large part of my day in yesterday.
More of the same today.
Whoa is me!
When you are preparing for divorce it is very important that you have a clear picture of where you and your spouse stand financially.
don't you have 1D tickets??????
kickin around a few ideas right now
Pipe down or I will doctorp shadow you.
I love that show!!!!!
it's perfect for me hahaha
Tonight is your night to shine.
I predict you'll hit at least 3 3's.
You da man....
Just came back from Chicago where we were part of a VeggieFest.
It was the best.
I Demo'd how to make German food.
Gen.
Cartwright talks about being a better partner.
Laughs, saying military is all for working together when we they are in charge.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
what's ur time like Monday or Tuesday?
I made too many grammatical errors today; grounding myself from Twitter tomorrow to think about what I've done.
Coincidence that it's Tera's beta weekend, too?
We are hardcore alternative milk doctornkers!
We hope you enjoy your breakfast, Jerry!
Appreciate your mentions friends:
omg!:0 dang!
Far away LOL
start following me u know ill follow back
3WordsForYou You are beautiful.
Good D!
RT : Incoming Freshman.
We are so excited to meet you.
Funny how the morning sun can make something like an airfield look incredibly picturesque!
thank you so much!
You make it look good, so gorgeous!
It was great to meet you today
Break time????
Good stuff you guys.
Keep it coming
Nothing much.
Just been bouncing around meetings.
Hope you are well.
Alltime fave Downton line, though sadly for us workaholics a diff spin to it..!
RT : What is a weekend?
Downton Abbey
Talk all the shit bout Chris Bosh but our numbers doctorp when he not here he Is a big piece if our offense
blame it on the escapegoat!
Oh, ???
Adam's grandpa seems to be doing a lot better.
These next couple of days will be key.
Thanks for keeping him in your thoughts!
Goodmorning to all da Twerps Smile
please tell me
How many times will the clock go around?
Good debate!
RT Do you think it's useful to have a list of past exhibitions?
Q thrown to the floor from
Lookin forward to a great show tonight!!!
Excited to Blame It with Friday night!
Make sure to check out and follow our FeaturedHandicapper mister who is the 1 NFL Monitored Handicapper  75 Successful !!
Our Insane Offer for Old Navy will be live in 10 min!
Hurry, get there first so you can get one!
RT YES!!
mister.
BROWN!
whatsthepoint of compassion without a well thought out agenda?
I dont care about the how I just want to
Ladies, did you know that we have a full time wedding and event coordinator on staff to ensure that you
Oh she gotta realize that when the game or im playing the 360 to just bring the food in without a word and leave
Today has been tremendous.
Power moves, walking by faith, working smart.
It's greater now and later.
Knight Foundation is looking for new tools to help people translate their ideas into action to improve their communities
OH: Did his momma knit him that hat?
Ha ok, hope you're having fun!
RT I'll be sending some photos later today.
Prepare for mindblowing.
Dierks Bentley is really cute..
Congrats to Andy on his new book!
Hv a phenomenal book signing experinece!
Nice new vid he's sending out.
Got it by email :
Representing in Chennai this week, planning sports ministry partnerships and a summer conference for urban Indian youth.
RIP Junior Seau...
wow
In San Francisco  need recommendations for good but not too pricey sushi or other fare!
I see a people from both sides who don't know how the Gov.
really works.
The seem to think the Pres.
is a Fuhrer or Dictator..
RT : If the nonbeliever does not see himself as a creature, he will invariably assume the position of God...
Van Til
topless  topless....when you get up here you'll get topless.
topless gotta get this going again!
funniest thing ever
np: ChCheck It Out  the beastie boys
9:35am Beverly Blvd.
2 men, big round bellies, ragged blonde wigs, bright pink lipstick.
Friends walking together.
Soo tired and sleepy so ima sleep for a while so in the mean time follow me and my cuz night guys
I miss you too!
Oovoo dates?
Road trip?
Is it just me or is it a requirement to be an ahole to work the return counter at
saints did it
Goodnight world!
Had a good time with my new friend Eddie!
Just doctorpped him off :: xoxo
Cohen shows wide range of pictures: oil enters images through surfacings, hands of man, containment, militarization, animals
your face gets so red.
Crazy ginger : great covuhh
Let me make love to your eyes.
Yeah, and I don't, usually.
RT : thanks for a great night looking forward to next time!!!!!!!!!!
follow me and no one gets hurt;
:  2 fresh cut grass not for people with
Keep us updated if you come to town!
cc
for real
keepyourpantson I hate it when my cousin has to say enough.
Eff ' Sterrett ..
iCan Care Less About The Teachers ' The Students In That School .
Ohio Rep.
John Boehner wants to raise retirement age to 70.
Cut Social Security.
RIP Joe Pa.
Truly a legend that will be missed in college FballBH
FIrst thoughts?
where u going
My brotherinlaw brought me three shots of espresso on ice, so I've got that going for me.
I never sleep!!!
I truly rather work on my projects.This will all pay off one day, that sleep stuff can wait.
it's not the reporter's job to make friends.
Scents from new Expressions Collection are truetolife and will make your whole space relaxing and inviting.
the memphis grizzlies are the best team that NOBODY talks about
ooohhh poo poo on u!!!!!!!
check oput my fb page and tell me if u like the style im thinkin of goin with soon
If you had ever worked in Washington, you would not be astounded at all
Yeah Jeff and Jordan are back.
I just hope Brendon doesnt hurl a ball again at Heff
Newt doesn't want Nasa to run rockets because he doesn't think a rocket should be tied down to one space program.
Are you teaching anywhere?!
My brother took my nephew who's 4 As long as they know its a movie  to not repeat the words I think its ok
jelly.
I haven't had a fort in forever!
On tap for VST Instrument development today: Finalizing the signal path for sound imports.
Sounds awesome.
I'm a fan of sweet potato anything
little sister is so cute :3 I wanna take her home and make her my sister.
c:
Damn!
still doctorving the herse?
Oh yeah, AP Chem placement test tomorrow morning at 8 and AP English exam tomorrow morning?
killme?
there are so many conversations that happen these days where I don't know the who, what, where, when, or why...changing times.
Welcome to nascsp12 Training Conference  Day One!
Orientation is now over, but don't worry, there's more fun ahead!
Learned something new by watching NCIS tonight.
When people are lying, they look down and to the left.
Now what do I do when I see that?
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
Einstein
One hour is all I need.
Tonigh's episode of Mad Men will star Frankie Francisco.
My people need to.
Help wil some food to eat in africa so you
Some people decided to leave, some will stay.
No sign of police yet.
jailbreak, get blacklist.
Only way.
iPhone and ATT won't let you do it any other way.
Blacklist can also block texts  mms
I love on Monday nights!
It makes me wish I had a longer doctorve home from work, Downtown to the NorthEnd isn't long enough!
RT : Words must flow out of your very consciousness, phrases must be used to harness the energy of the people.
Had a satisfying winter break, but I've gotta say, I'm ready to get back to it :
I won't shoot a client directly in front of a street art piece unless I know who did the piece.
Back to NOLA tomorrow.
Glad to have seen some snow but not glad that it kept me from family.
I do not think there is an emoticon for that.
We already have a full lineup for this year, but talk to us next year and we will try to fit you in!
follow and please :D x36
Thanks for shout!
is a SUCKA!
Can't wait to play him in fantasy football.
Hey lovely ladies  stop by and enter to win a copy of Le Chic Cocoon by Sweet reminder to care for ourselves too.
:
I have it on my phone as well that don't mean you have 2 devote all ur time to it LAME!
Doing the wave at the Special Olympics.
There are too many people in this state who don't have jobs...yes mister Barrett, most of them live in your city.
go to the gym
Wow!
Really wish I'd known about this site a few days ago.
Get the skinny on any SOAP service with soapclient.com!
what if it bites a girl?
Stepped in dog poop.
Who leaves it in the middle of the sidewalk??
Received the call today.
Looks like Quin  Reed are starting work next month on Californication Season 6.
Here we go again!
and apparently I'm hosepher
this is the worst day of my life.
Spent the evening preparing for the HIS WOMEN women's conference in CedarRapids, Iowa  April 14th!
Looking forward to a great day of music!
Sounds good!
Just made some macaroni, tuna, shrimp salad
To beep, or not to beep: that is the question.
a philosophical robot
Wow.
RT : Civilian car hit parked fire engine / N Calvert St  E Madison St / Expect traffic delays
Thanks for following me Matt!
You may also follow me on We are here to help!
Thanks, LM
Doctor said everything is fine, bitch everything I eat taste like shit, and I feel nauseous as shit..somethings wrong .
seems like you care too much about yourself.
real talk
the lightest of pencil is darker than the stronger of memory
thanks for the RT
Love your bio!
Real friendship is shown in times of trouble, prosperity is full friends
Awesome meeting with to discuss Thanks for your time.
That is an excellent list of things.
Thank the lord today is FRIDAY
When do we get the heads up on where y'all will be in Houston?
spent the day in the ER
That fake laugh you do when an old person tells a bad joke.
Hit me up for some weed brownies
Not for nothing, go to Pizza while yer out there.
Deep Dish/Carmelized crust.
You won't regret it.
Listening to Rocketeer on pandora and automatically thinking that Shed A Tear is 10x better
Free Italian Lunch only
Thank God for Coffee.
Great game on ESPN U
Call Miller Chev now!
888 4 miller.
1st 15 callers get 125 dollars off Remote Auto Start!
Plus NO payments on Silverados for 120 months
GATOR BOWL HALFTIME SCORE: Florida 14, Ohio State 10
Wonder if God has any extra wings laying around for this leap that's ahead.
maybeablindfoldtoo?
Boarding for home.
Our vvmsgov students are absolutely the best!
See everyone at school in a few hours!
relaxing after a good yoga class and not turning on the news because if I hear one more comment about Farve, I'm going to scream!
On the one hand, there's 's shtty first doctorft.
On the other, Allen Ginsberg's 1st thought, best thought.
It hurts the most when the person that made you feel special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
:
Welcome to the world of twitter
S/O to !!!
GO FOLLOW HER!!!
She's an amazing singer, a good friend, hilarious, and has a beautiful smile!!!
: luv u Sara!!
3
happy mothers' day
WHAT?!
I thought you were happy!!
: yeooo yall kilt that choreo for put it in the bag homie.......
go check that shit out sis Thanks bro
Should school boards be elected or appointed?
Here in Chi, the mayor appoints the board.
What do you think?
Love playing maze games they are fun and tricky!!!
But I am good at them just be smart!:
Just got attacked by a pregnant nat!
Lol
texted me saying lol too your status
Today's special: Tacoing Heads.
It's a breakfast taco with a fried egg, zesty cheese blend, salsa, and green onion.
2 bucks.
ShoutOut thanks for the follow ;
Congrats to for being my 1,000th follower.
Glad I don't have to follow through on the whole pot o gold thing.
Careful or I'll curate your poops.
I'm feeling good for the first time It's been a while since the last time
now following thanks
Next week is my annual spring pilgrimage to Green Bay!
Canasta tournament at my friend Vis plus seeing the sights!
Maybe even 12?
Girl The Gym And Cafeteria
I just gotta watch out from because of my Canadian comment LOL
They are great for parties, celebrations, and holidays.
These Gummies are in high demand  get them while they last!
I know the whole some from the first few episodes.
I know the whole song from the CD.
i mite go to slp early tonite.
Thank you!
We'll see you for lunch soon!
I Would like to hear from you if you dont buy the book for what price you would buy it and i will do a special for all my Twitter followers
A professorssor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.

I have a sighting to tell you about.
can't wait til
he can't....he's not from the usa.
agree that blake's overated.
lamarcus aldoctorge is better.
Good luck finding The Avengers in 35mm this weekend.
It's out there!
I'm try'n chicken sausage rite now.
Here's a nonshocker.
AMC has renewed The Walking Dead for a third season.
What about the McLassie?
Was it McLuscious?
Yes it's true ; i smile, i laugh like before.
But you're not the reason anymore.
stop changing your twitter name hoe.
Met a bad red bone Took that chick home Asked her what she wanted to watch And she said Surely not the Throne
you rocked it Lisa!!!!
Your beautiful...Mia
tell ur buddy mister wickett ill take him on in the ring
I am a conservative independent.
Our national character is questionable when, as a country we execute the innocent like Troy Davis.
Timeline is so weird.
Change is too hard.
I think we're gonna give up this whole band thing.
Just got my email invite to a Marketing meeting time of prayer in the garden.
I sure do love my coworkers...
Been there, done that.
Helpful is a couples therapist who isn't biased in the man's favor, and a partner who's open to change.
The jack sack's back!
Time line for new A.D.?
hi Andoctora!
I appreciate your RT yesterday and spreading the word about my web development opening!
Broncos no longer the favorite to sign Manning according to 84...
RT : I'm hearing titans as well.
Never started watching smash because the Hulk isn't in it.
: You deserve to be kissed, and often, by someone who knows how.
Rhett Butler
Haven't even been single for an hour; and i miss him like crazy...
/3
thankyou for the support and spreading the word!
What a Great show by Vidal Sassoon at the Long beach hair conventionINSPIRING
Lebron gonna carry them to the end!
I found out recently that bayard rustin sang.
Bought his spirituals and Elizabethan songs on iTunes.
Mayor Berry also asks Wiener to resign: He needs to step down for the good of his community and his constituents.
God morning!:D
I have facebook too!
You're very good at speaking English!!
Oh Boy!
: Veras time....hold on tight brewers fans.
Q5a: Bike sharon so they can leave a bike, hop on a train hop off and get another.
Don't worry Chad I know.
Your love is what helps me make it through the day.
BTW when are we having dinner again?
;
lmao Tim, thats like parsley describing parsley!
Here we go...:
dnt come off !
Editting and revisions....Er....
Editing and Revissions....no.......
Editing and Revisions!
Toiling away the evening hours....
whoops could be my bad i called her that when we first met.
bad kk bad jammaster spank spank spank how is she?
is she back?

love that.
There is only one mother per household!
Love and cherish her!
Always...
Oh!
It's snowing in downtown Des Moines!
What a pleasant surprise!
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
looking for you
RT : RT : The measure of any mentor is to see anybody that he/she taught do better than he did.
I have just installed the Constant Contact Labs Join My Mailing List application!
call me bro
Alone in the car, i try to scream like then afterwards i feel moronic because m sure someone is just hiding in my car laughing
Hey, whats up?
HOPING we start a short conversation at least
Somebody That I Used to Know by Goyte is this year's Pumped Up Kicks
CoachellaLive This was bananas!!
Haven Source volunteer orientation on Sunday, October 16th at 11:30am.
Email for more info.
I can't really put a pigs squeal into words cuz they sound like dying walrus monkeys.
MadMen SPOILER ALERT: Really, the homely guy on the train doesn't want to sleep with Alexis Bleidel?
Ludicrous!
Anything with chicken is always good.
I suggest quesidillas!
They are very easy and you can alter what you put in them!
baby girl I need you more now than ever.
U smiley 3
lol yes!!!
we'll just 'borrow' him for a few days!
jk lol
Heard at tcbsm4hr: SoMe is like ocean, never turn back on it; may not be a tsunami, but it might be a big wave!
Not getting much done today....
sick, sick, and more sick....
Yes, indeed!
Thx for joining us :
s/o to that girl
Sick as a dog
KIRKO BANGZ LIVE INSIDE MINK TONIGHT !!!!!
GET HERE !!!
So how is everyones night going so far?
m...to be fucked by you...
Pilot seated next to me in coach plays airplane landing games on his tablet all flight.
pumped for the new modernfamily TheMiddle and Suburbgatory tonight!
I have jury duty today, so we'll see how exhausted I am at the end of the day.
I definitely plan on attending Allen's Oct 27 talk.
: Anyone wanna tie one on at the power house tonight?
Say 9ish?
tie what?
On where?
that girls about as much of a factor as well....YOU
Just got commercial rep!!!!
I think girls look better without make up on than with make up on
So English essay....
We meet again..
The knowing of the heart is far superior than the knowledge of the head...
FMHY 3
On the set of Now You See Me with
So we are at Krystal on Manchester eating...
Good food...
Then to go record with the new mic!!!!
.
split at Purdue, but won its schoolrecord 12th conf game.
They finished w/ 30 wins last yr, but are 3014 w/ 10 games left
Obtained Manhattan CB3 approval for new SLA full liquor license application for 161 East Houston St.
thanks for the answers...yeah i'm still in jet lag mode too,
thanks for your insightful views on social media today at the Digital Summit.
Great job!
Thanks so much!
We are now taking applications for the government refinance HARP program for borrowers who are underwater in their mortgages.
Call today Mar
probably changing your password would be the first step
sounds thirstquenching!
In a poverty ridden sort of way!
No new york for me '
The Notebook
It's nice to have a direct line to engineers and decisions makers.
I love not having a time lag.
Oh well hell life goes on
SnapBacks or fitted??
Expose yourself to good input.
Read books, listen to cd's, and spend time with people who inspire you and really make you think.
can I see;
Bout to see Project X
Our club meetings are normally held at MC Rockville presided by Stacey D.
Miller.
that one seemed like more than just an aftershock
Allerent: Start preparing now for your addition of Google to your company social media marketing with google
Waiting.
For this class to end.
and when I get married you can call me mister.
London Bridgez
Stevie Wonder!!!!!
Just called MyrtleBeachPD captain He answered Hello Rochester!
I said what?
Its the 3rd anniv of Brittanee, who else is going to call me?
awww, me too!
YOU'RE AMAZING GIRL!
got a mailer daemon for that email addoctorss.
Mine is
Got a highfive today.
Didn't know people still did that.
RT : Check out Malahide's Mobile Tourism Map on the app, let us know if we missed you and you'd like to be included.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Broken Glass!
I'ma punch you in the mouth.
With my boot.
Hah
LT opened his show With Allenby in Palestine and with Lawrence in Arabia at the Royal Opera House in London
Fan: What's your name?
Niall: Dave.
1DQuoteFans Shouldn't she know his name since she's a 'fan'?!
Random BladeRunner: I need ya, Decks.
This is a bad one, the worst yet.
I need the old blade runner, I need your magic.
Bryant
That is the stupidest, dumbest play I've ever seen!!!
What a fucken idiot!!!
Way to give them 7 pts.
that's a good question!
Who you got in mind?
oh.
Thanks!
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You.................
Lucky you.
I get Joe Buck and Tim McCarver.
My bus was passed by an 848, later a 749, and just now a roaring 1098.
Sunshine bringing the Ducs out in Seattle.
Nice Blue OutFit Like Oink HeadBand
Wow, what a long weekend  at least there is baseball on the horizon.
im not so hooked on Catching Fire..
now i feel others point of view..
but i really wanna read Mockingjay!
Lol, you should see the back of my phone.....SMH
only if the white fat dude is gay
hahaha i know, it's kind of pathetic but whatever.
her posts are hilarious haha
The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is.
Ok.
Now going to sleep.
Isn't this what people want to know about me?
Yes, I am in bed!
Lights off.
FF for completing your AP World History class, at long last
Irish toast May those who love us, love us; And those who don't love us, may God turn their hearts
My bro thought the battle between David n goliath was a battle between a man n a cyclopes like in real life...........seriously lmao
And you wonder why I smoke...
Bitch
Blu is making me sad ;n; I want him to get better
Happy Valentine's Day!
How are you doing on your Cabin Fever reading?
Don't forget  you get TWO prizes when you turn in your 3rd slip.
The Andoctorid Facebook app is a data and battery hog.
The facebook mobile site is glitchy and erratic.
Facebook y u gotta be so frustrating?
smiles that's good.
Are you enjoying your phone?
hopes you haven't figured out how to access porn on it yet
Yon do you know about ?
If not check her out in youtube!
If you do know her isnt she Fabulous!
Nice to tweet you.
My client starting a soup and such
The two girls are typical dollar street walkers, doctorssed in the usual tawdoctor getup.
THE ICEMAN COMETH
last bullet, it was 50 shutout over Finland for the US.
I don't blame R, I only pull it out when i need it last minute, one day I'll take the time to learn it well ;
Email me
great contribution to the twitter world.
I'm one stupid tweet away from unfollowing you.
Me and are having church in the living room as we watch Whitney Houston's funeral.
That choir is singing!
demf Eddie C at shit show is fantastic.
Is this hyperactive?
can'ti.d.acidwellenough
I'm a picturetaker.
I'm lucky that most of my sources are typed, white page docs, which means pretty accurate OCR.
V.
useful.
Watch Me  on Flashpoint Real conservatism No taxes, For Amend1.
Sun 11am
At minnesota learning commons session
Man i dead wana just go lay in my bed but im fina got shoot around in the front yard to clear my mind
amazing rule!
Just left nordstroms after treating myself :
watches 25 off TODAY ONLY for our 2nd Day of Christmas!
New deals each day!
No sleep plus a hot muggy office makes for a very pissy elise
Goodnight Dusty  Ava :
Shout with a voice of triumph in this atmosphere!
Well I see that Thomasville has something in common with BGC8...the only way they'll fight is if they're jumping someone.
Weak !!!
Lol
I think a lot of ppl sleep on me
My lord!
Men having sex with women...
When will it stop!
It was called !
Check it out.
Tomorrow they are open to the public, so you can go check it out b4 NY!
wins SanDiego Imperial Chapter award for their OM Storage  Maintenance Facility!
real bitches wassup !
A little bird is letting a secret out...
She told me not to tell anyone!
Horny Goat Hideaway and Impact Ultra Fitness has teamed up!
FF ; ; ; ; who else should you follow?
Lets hear it!
For sale: Two kids.
Cute, but bad.
free.99
Golden Fried Asparagus Spears.
Up grade your basket today!
Even if you don't despise Mater Dei  De La Salle, it sucks that 17 of 20 teams in the ship are from private schools.
Molaro: many libraries don't purchase locally
We can quote you with several companies at once if you're interested.
We've got reps that are free this morning to help.
If you see someone leaving a church, jaywalking, should you say something?
Or let them choose what is right or wrong.
: A boy who waits until I am up to start the WakenBake?
I mean, did you take a direct route from heaven, or..
Yes I do; Stay tuned!
Mirror/not being/alone
Right now in the Storm Team 4 office: VS the weather computer.
Yes!
Thanks!
:D
Offensive rebounds.
Someone kill me.
Ohh that songs good
Tell him you have your accountants or your landlord pay for it all!!!
You cant control the things that happen to you, but you can control the way you react to them.
Its all perception.
Legendary surf photog Aaron Chang and artist Wade Koniakowsky joining us on KUSI at 8:20.
Stoked!
RT : : The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
LOL
You ever read somebody's tweets and think...
damn, I need to get some of what they're having.
has been a real treat watching Alec Baldwin react to today!
It's supposed to be 80 something degrees out today  im wearing sweats.
i regret nothing.
IM WATCHING WHILE YOU WHERE SLEEPING AGAIN LOVE THIS MOVIE WHATS YOUR FAVORITE MOVIE?
OMG.
OMG.
This guy is just out of control.
my mom won't let me doctorve  to graduation.
someone with a license, spend the night friday?
:
I'm finally making contact with my bed!!!!!!
3333
You'll forgive us in time.
I'M BACK !
ALL ARE WELCOME BACK !
Joe Gonzalez / Joelouis16
Had an awesome day snowmobiling with my dad!!!!!!!
Former GG Jean speaking launch, proud Canadian in the audience.
And if I knew it would end like this I never would've kissed you cuz I fell in love with you we never would've kicked
Can u please follow us back 
RT : are u guys performing at unifest??
very true
HERE WE GO AGAIN!
AIRING NOW!
supa FREAK.
supa FREAK , yeah u kno i wanna sup FREAK!
first40songsonshuffle 32.
Make A Wave  Demi Lovato and Joe Jonas
Dear Woo Girls in front of my building for the last hour, I feel the same way towards you as I do nascar: Stop doing that.
Me: Are you going to have any more?
John: No.
Me: Okay, COOL!
I'm going to go individually freeze the leftovers!
John: Nerd.
Happy Birthday duke :
insanity is the best workout I have ever done, lost 710 pounds in the 2 weeks I was trying it then it kicked my butt and I quit
The support team at / is awesome.
Shit now I'm crying in the back of my statistics class.
This is awesome!
KIROConnect Go !
it's going to be madness !!
Just made homemade granola bars.
Am I a bored 25 yr old or a supermom who writes adorable notes in lunch boxes?
The world may never know...
In need of a good bottle of wine  doctornking buddy, asap.
Now accepting applications.
playing dance central 2;
Alright gosh, i'll just say melissa
yes OUR park no else aha
What exactly is this bag of beer?
What's a good word for the feeling when your heart is full to overflowing from all the kindness  love from the people in your life?
okay.
Did he give out any hw
feeling the same way about FB  collecting friends.
feel the need to limit it a little
good fights.
Not really boxing.
Always and forever fuccing wit money
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
I came upon a busy swarm of little frogs in a swampy place among the trees
they know how to score man, they have ryan anderson who is a lights out shooter.
Our bulls honestly dont have one of those
no why Did Hollie have to go home?
smh :
NY Office Basketball Game  6
congrats Lynn!
:
joy.
Its 4/20.
Not excited to see the many tweets about pot today.
: Mitt says for 3,000 years of recorded history  marriage is between a man and a woman.
But his grandfather had 6 wives
: Whats yall favorite song right now?
Neva endTurn on the lights
can you send e the link for the women's lib coll, the link in your tweet didn't open thanks!
Can't beat it!
RT : It is, absolutely gorgeous today!
:
WHY YOU WORKING
losing hair in my eyebrows AGAIN!
anyone have any idea what causes this?
its legit like balding eyebrows!
People now days care to much about wat others say or think follow ur heart n mind not ur ears...
thanks love!
never give up....express yourself!
your gorgeous hun 
Hope all goes swimmingly.
The moon is making all our local cats crazy!
Kids' brain power is radically better boosted by learning to play music than just listening to it, according to Nature Reviews Neuroscience.
Follow us on Facebook too: Sushi Sasa Denver.
We'll be offering some deals...
Bleh...
You're right.
Why do they have to tinker with it so often?
Coffee brewing, desk clear, windows open, music blasting, Friday, about to sort an archive, whole day ahead of me.
The official Twitter page of the four City of Milwaukee owned parking garages in downtown Milwaukee
man eye know u gone be busy tonight with everyone getting in.
Just fit your boy in some where for some glute work
getting high and twisted
Hope ur feeling better.
Miss you much!
XoXoXo.
ooh no !
What would Mo think ...
The Colvin Monologue about the brown paper bag.
Monologue of the century.
u bet.
See u there!
We will celebrate.
Happy5thAnniversaryLMFAO!
See you in Detroit May 23rd!
Go Leafs go!
Like a snake waiting in the grass here come Toronto!
TSN If your dig the Bruins, you are going to love my Leafs next year.
yep smiles and looks back at you
Having said that, Wade's defense is incredible enough that I don't even hate him for it
QA ask me anything and f4F
I'm fuckin every bad bitch twice.
This School is hot!
put me in a box but don't bury me.
Goodnight, hopefully doctorams of tropical beaches and vegetables are in my future :
at a social media for congregational use workshop put on by Working through twitter stuff right now
love u
money is the root of all evil but not having money can be just as lethal
I don't have any constructive criticism but need to provide feedback...
Change it to the third person and insert these unnecessary commas.
See us turn mainstream rock all caddywampus with our prog influence...Sat Oct 29  Wild Tymes St.
Paul, MN
This is not the car we ordered, dad.
Quiet Russ.
Ed, this is not the car we ordered
We'd like to thank all our followers!
Pls RT our tweets to help us as we revamp our social media presence!
ChildLabor rules for kids in agriculture a prime example of media not doing due diligence and fact checkingno one reads they just repeat
band tees, ripped skinny jeans  converse.
3
Support: NFL.com/pink
we also accept artwork for potential merchandise designs :D.
Anyone else ever wake up and order a Crimson and Clover breakfast  eggs over and over, and overeasy?
Me TOO.
We are the blender to the community's milkshake.
511fall what?
Better start blogging!
Who do you have as the favorite right now to land him Pauly?
omgee you look so beautiful !
I love it 
Thanks!
Sure is!
The joys of parenthood.
Unnessecaarry road rage.
watch out.
I try calling, que paso?
U busy?
Watching What Makes You Beautiful on my Tv : is amazayn 3 xD hellz Yeah !
Best Boy Bands :
We're sure Delilah is stoked!
Stylish home decor  flowers...Tulipia is a fun spot to browse and shop!
think the turnout is going to be better?
Guess again.
Trends are showing low turnouts.
Lower turnout favors non.
Hi Jen, we worked together on Petty Offense.
You're pretty awesome.
Wish i could cast you.
I tried.
no I dont think u get it.
It was a 'k I'll do whatever it takes to get her to SHUT UP; cuz I know I will always be hotter
Turtle especially cute when done by girls in mittens  at a football game or ski lodge.
You can't even hear the announcers over the Cleveland fans
nothing much : wbu  i miss you two !
Gonna throw it out there: Interstate Love Song by Stone Temple Pilots is the greatest song of the 1990s.
How much did you get for Livan Hernandez?
txla1 working on booth 1311, almost ready for the grand opening tonight!
As soon as I begin smiling because of how glad I am to be able to fit beneath the lowest of branchesCharlotte, the spider, to the face.
actually thanks to I now feel younger  stronger  quicker!
So I made my way back!
We are hiring for a serving position immediately  please send resumes to if interested.
Win a MacBook Pro 17 when registering at Talkbiznow  Free Services for small businesses online!
at www.talkbiznow.com
There's hope for humanity!
; Would love to make a trip out there soon.
I'm actually jealous.
Fresh outside..
cryin inside!!!
ugh..
I need some youC1000 I guess
Going to frightmares :D auuugghhh im so scared...
Its gonna be so fun tho!!!!
so the r/l genres and physical locations are still there but not the organizing principle.
hope that's ok.
I have literally done nothing to you for you to be acting this way towards me!!
dude let's go run sometime when you're free budd.
Hit up a 3 mile run.
Haha
do you have a favorite website where you can get GF recipes?
: 2 more days until Sophia Grace  Rosie are back!
I'm tutu excited for words.Yay!
Can't wait to tune in!
This makes me so happy!
: : This is not goodbye is on at the moment.
It's just the type of Country I love.
Sweet PuffPuffPass : blowing one now lls .
The most important thing about goals is having one.
Geoffry F.
Abert
mankind is so screwed up.
Human race gets worst and worst everyday
AwkwardMomentWhen you realize you've been spelling a word wrong your whole life.
My family, friends and education make me strong!
That's how I'm able to transform ed around the world!
Welcome to Twitter, fellow new secondary ed classmates  !
sucks to suck.
I love you3
Hi Care2!
If your users want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, they can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Fireworks are a great way to celebrate fathers day get yours  support YOURS.
come by the sams club on rt 40 in catonsville and help YOURS
The question should be why is the government setting interest rates and subsidizing these loans in the first place?????!!
Thanks for the FF love!
I hope you're doing well!
Just worked a 10 hour shift my feet r telling me all about it
Thank you, Jim.
And Happy Valentine's Day to you.
Here's to as he concludes 12yrs on the TX Railroad Commission.
Onward and upward, boss 
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; Don't walk behind me, I may not lead; Walk beside me, and just be my friend.
April is the cruelest month...
POTUS got the car out of the DITCH  working on repairs whn the GOP carhijacked it, doctorve it off a CLIFFGOPs licence was revoked in 2008?
Seriously, I need a new roomate or a new room :
I microwaved a lot : I use a wheelchair and your rollin showers are terrific.
your a fucking dumb slutty idiot
Hit a road bump...
But will be launching ASAP.
RT : When people start falling out of your life, understand that's it's necessary in order to change seasons!
sadbuttrue Rachel Berry always has socks on that isn't cute.
Blaine never wears socks.
He needs to sleep Rachel's
Days like today remind me of how fortunate we are to be on such a beautiful beach!
SMILE BIG!!
I need a Roo ticket!
Lenten fish fry tonight at the kids' Catholic preschool and then off to for End of the Rainbow.
To the bigots blasting for going on TV...time to wake up!
Ur living in the 2000s or do u prefer to be mindless 40s Hitler slaves?
I wasn't yelling in her face and the boys wasn't yelling at Rebecca so she lied
still in Madison?
If so, check out the Old Fashioned bar for a great beer selection!!!
Sunday blues
Sorta.
When you have to update it doesn't chirp at you like Andoctorid.
Just a little notice on the App Store icon.
I'm bipolar
I heard it was riveting.
Sounds like we need to do a poll!
;
Here's to the Mahomies who just wanna give up because they know Austin won't notice them..
You're not alone.
the emotions blind alley I'll be
Support groups can be very beneficial in helping you to cope with ADD / ADHD symptoms and for helping you with treatment.
I need an Agent....Ive done pretty well on my own...ready for the next level....You send me out I will book the JOB!!!
Thou art all the comfort,br The Gods will diet me with.
I want YOU to be MY biggest Fan!
hahah aww no that's his name?!
kinda just ruined it.
oh well.
BITCH IM SEEING BTR AND CODY 13TH ROW.
BRB WHILE I DIE
Why would someone come into an area where I am studying and play videos so loudly??
1st Sunday funday today featuring Dig and live music with josh Goode.
Starts at 5!
That's awesome!
Congratulations!
Have fun!
We'll be at the show cheering you all on!
RT I still have to pinch myself when I perform with
We are officially open at 107 King Street!!!!!
Most racist fear being unable to fit after I'm done with their girls.
reached Supernatural season 2 over the wknd!
Felt like I needed to tell u for sum reason : Can't believe John Winchester...
has two job openings Digital Strategy and AS Consumer
awesome presentation this morning.
Love the added personality.
I've been wanting Mexican food since last week and today my ass gets fed BBQ!
Monday morning is for management training.
Don't get me wrong...the queen is very important, but it is the worker bees that make all the honey...
updating your resume is loads of fun.
that big booty,juicy fruity...
When are we gonna play again?!?!
lol.
You guys are always afk it seems.
Gotcha...I guess I'll abide by the haters no follow rule then, haha.
We'd have to bring So this probably wouldn't be our margarita off.
wow that looks pretty awesome!
ohyerrJerseyShore cant wait for the next season!
Thx again 4 the help you've provided in the effort to Bring Isa Home and Find Isabel Celis
Just took a face first plunge into the concrete and scraped up my elbow longboarding
I wonder what Barry Trotz would look like with a mullet.
I've developed a hate for Nicki Minaj.
She's so annoying.
can u call  6?
As a part of Beer Week, we are serving 3 pints of 's beer, in a glass that is yours to keep!
Come in between 47 to get this deal
So Glad I asked LMFAO
good luck on your business day tomorrow hope your ready to work out!
I dnt even stay our there I'm n Chicago we need it on our station
Heat: 3 superstars.
Pacers: 0 superstars.
Bulls: Dessimated.
Celtics: old.
Hawks: are the Hawks
Interesting that has changed their avatar to a avatar.
Jumping on the bandwagon ?
Good Morning tweeps, Up thanking GOD first for all that he does for us.
Workflo
u rock
Imma have to start wearing sweaters too work..
Everytime I cum n.The dnt talk to my face they talk to the boobs.
N I work with all girls lol
Our Staff are on their way to hear HarlemChildoctornsZone President, Geoffrey Canada, speak at A terrific opportunity!
straight for your thighs, like the cake you ate
VOMATOMICSCNN just won't stop the LAME, PATHETIC, CHEESY attacks on Romney.
Desperation, guys ?
Guess they saying N.O all about that contact sport.
And they shouldn't neva fired they coach
And yes, this should stir the pot on sampling and copyright.
Mostly because it's a spectacularly illtimed fishing...
Ur cat is adorable!
Instagram rocks : Still trying to understand it, but it's already my most favorite ap ;0
Don't want to talk about the game...
need to get an oz of some kill
Follow me big bro
: Imaaaaaaa die don't do that!!
is on a tweeting frenzy..
Someone in room 12 needs to either shut up or take her out
Spell check has its advantages and disadvantages .
My fiance exwife showed up at his mom house the day after Christmas with a pan of doctorssing.....Lmfao...
Unblurred this Friday at 5440 Penn Ave: chef Kate Romane  E2 will kick off their  offer free mediterranean food!
Registration done for Brooklyn Half!
i went to cava in clarendon on Friday.
that place is the jam.
Spread the word.
I'm now an official member of the ZombieResearchSociety Safehouse
I would love that.
I'm pretty confident they will but anything can happen in hockey!
Extra healthy too.
I loved you at the Matt Cusson show!
I still don't think I've woken up today.
oofta.
If you're ever feeling down just remember your sperm is the one that won
I wasn't paying enough attention: down to 2GB of disk space free on my workstation again.
Scrambling to delete everything I can.
lol loyalty to what?
I've lived in 5 states..I've loved Lebron since he was in high school.
I respect doctorse tho.
He's the man
Appearing in tonight's episode of ModernFamily on ABC, 9pm EST/PST!!
Check me out as the Trapeze Guy!
Many things can lead to a flooded home like natural disasters  floods caused by heavy rains to broken pipes or roof leaks.
RT : : discussion of archiving plugin at .
lots of interest at WARC12 1
i was like scarred hahahaah it freaked me out
rangers and these dumb penalties my god
Cuz even in the dark baby ima shine bright
Dave Snyder of : biking/walking: 12 of all trips, 20 of fatalities,  they get 1.5 of CA Transpo funding
Awesome We appreciate it!
Glad I waited until after ala10 to come down with a cold.
Thanks for retweeting!!
take the time to get to know someone b4 yo feelings get involved.
powers on cool!!!!:
I was always in trouble as a kid.
I was sent home from school with more bad notes than the whitney houston funeral.
To Milo: Seriously regretting that my April Fool's day joke resulted in your deportation.
Lee Rosenbaum: Munch39;s 39;The Scream39; at Sotheby39;s: Who Will Buy It?
For How Much?
Thank you for the follow.
Glad to see the renowned Parkland on Twitter.
Haven't watched SNL in a min!
Thank God Will Ferrell's the host tonight
OK, this nonsense male shopping talk can go on since I do agree with the doctorvethru and returning is a PIA!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY, thank you for all you do....dedicated to my deceased mom and all the other moms out there
Wonderful day to you too lovely :
So is still doing that summer tour?
thank you!
This really isn't my fault and I didn't make him do it :,
Why does my boi only follow the ladies.
But who cares im still gonna see
Blumkin on a bus
Even my mom noticed that got a hair cut, lol
I am so unbelievably excited for the 's 201213 season.
It's gonna be awesome.
:
When coding an ebook, I've found listening to Three Days Grace and Breaking Benjamin is calming.
They do all the screaming for you.
both of us is top ten on iTunes so I'd go with that
Hebrew Proverb Man plans and God laughs.
Protesters in trees?
RT Police have Pike between 1st and 2nd blocked off.
Several arrests made.
Protesters in trees, chanting.
Would like to reconnect
what are you up to?:
If you live in Damascus or have any friends or family there tell them to get out!!!!
Trivia Tuesday!
Name one of the many benefits of routine massage therapy.
GOOD MORNING!!!!!!!
have a fabulously wonderful day guys!!
Meeting u for the 1st time in 49 days!
:
your welcome.
ah hon thats great i hope she loves you back
The essential part of creativity is not being afraid to fail.
Edwin H.
Land
I might just explode with excitement.
Season's Tweetings: If you know one professorssional Santa, youre bohemian, arty, and avant garde.
If you know two, youre a freak.
Gym Time
Q1 Supportive of her interns, works internally and externally to improve the professorssion, collaborates w/professor.
ABQ weekend idea: visit our new exhibit A Century of High Flying: Science, Space and Sport, celebrating New Mexicos centennial.
It's actually CincoDeSporting :
Go Coach Beiste!
Just had a great morning coffee with Tom Marshall and the rest of the group.
Its an awesome band song!
Im on my twitter shit today!
Things are to be used  people are to be loved, but in this world people are being used  things are being loved...
Sad
rip my face off.
how can you spits better bars better than anybody in GT but still NOT WIN???
Bitch get off the court..
she's never on twitter just saying.
took her AGES to follow me.
yeah..why?
I'm really happy for us, but what is the cost of the transition going to be and how will it be paid for?
The ears are an oftenneglected part of the body that can be the site of intense pleasure for her.
sextip
i hate when people let you down when they think tht doctorams tht you wanna do will never happen well here is what u tell em
A couple of episodes of csi:my then off to bed.
im not school !
how cool am i.
The problem with getting the girl of your doctorams is that one day you'll have to wake up.
Follow Me !
If you fall, I will catch you, I'll be waiting, time after time.
it really was.
RT : Just an incredible celebration of that And1 by Turiaf.
Vegas Join us on the dance floor at 8:15  learn Watermelon Crawl  Doctor Doctor with us!
Our Free Dance Lessons end at 9pm!
Kickass run!
hey myayuna btw...happy valintines day u havnt rlly texted me today....D:.....ppl r so....sweet i got 10 teddy bears and 1 giant frog!!
GREAT BLESSED MORNING TL
Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat.
Malcolm Forbes
No, like an eastsider.
Forgot there was stuff west of the river.
Last time I lived in NYS  not in the city of Roc was 1996!
I hate goose bumps !!
There ugly ,
you mean formal networking has networking as the goal while casual networking doesn't?
These brothers create vegetable musical instruments.
We don't do that but our vegetables do make a medley in your mouth!...
Just got a 100 on that quiz.
She be slaming doors ..and throwing shit just cause she is bad.
acoustic pop
What up?!
working to prioritize my work
Colleen McCreary, CPO ideaseconomy: commitment to talent  20 of management time spent on talent development.
Zynga First  culture
That is so true.
we should.
SocialBusinessAlliance ?
I'd love to help set one up.
People call me Kay.
But my name is Kaylee.
xP
penn state this weekend!
Oh Great!
Just got home from Pizza Parlor.
A 13 year old shouted to me Watch Breaking Dawn!
Bella died!
I was about to watch it TOMORROW!
Vivid Vocab Extends Free Trial to Its SAT Vocabulary Users Vivid Vocab, a popular new eLearning software for SAT and GRE vocabulary, has
hey hon;
wondering if I should get an ear piercing ?: should I
For Valentines day, treat your sweetie to a 6oz petite filet of beef w bubbly lobster mac  cheese!
I know Lebron is good but how is Kobe not the MVP of the league
RT : Waking up with a headache ??
take some Willow Pain Reliver I'm sure my Girl cheer u up Jamie :
Wish we could say the same for : RT : Finally took my  sticker off my car..
PGP 
Ok.
Put your ear up to a light bulb for about 30 seconds.
THEN check your.
Are you in Chicago at AWP12?
Say hi to ALOUD's Louise Steinman at the table
of course you are.
Show this morning for school groups at Times Square Arts Center!
I'm alive and well just been busy folks....
I want you in every way.
I want you to be with me every single day.
Happy Valentines Day.
Well, hurry up, so I can come visit you in Amsterdam!
damn dude good luck
oh TomBrady, why you so pretty?
Yep that is true but in case you didn't I thought I'd ask.
lol
Welcome to all my new followers.
I'm looking forward to reading your tweets.
Top100Lies I didn't get your call.
not having anyone to turn to 
I was sleeping!!!
What happened?
Hard work pays off big time...
A perfect fall night for riding and doctornking.
Fitch Report: For those companies which defaulted after a distressed exchange the weighted average recovery fell to 29.3 from 50.8
Hopefully I get some time today to start learning Storyline since its getting rave reviews in the elearning world
Same to you!
askselena would doctoram Out Loud come to China or Hong Kong?
Selenators in Hong Kong are really love doctoram Out Loud but can't buy.....
Sean put a bunch of fake money in our mailbox
All music is roots music.
However, too much of it has been genetically modified and overfertilized.
If you see me today, don't be surprised if my wave has been replaced by a Gator Chomp.
Why are Canadian girls so cute?
What's the last Good Movie you saw that you would recommend?
Cannot wait to see in September!
are you down?!
To all our WS minors and BC students have a wonderful holiday break and good luck with the end of finals!
We will see you in January 2010!
John Why do you continually ignore my texts?
It's time for a coach, maybe even a genius OC, to be honored on the box.
Put Me On Ya' Myspace Top 8 So I KNOW It's Real.
Clouds begin to break this evening with partly cloudy conditions overnight.
We fall to 47.
I'll try tomorrow.
Hes still on the plane coming back from AUSTRALIA right now.
Thanks!
Smart patrons are our favorite patrons.
That makes two of us :
ThingsThatINeed A Million Dollars 
Teachers: Happy Teachers' Appreciation Week!
Thanks for all the wonderful things that you do!
:
just got out of the hunger games clove was amazing good job:
Not calling me cause you think im short famous hey
Graduation is in 20 days!
Why am I not Lea Michele?
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo315
Trying to find a 46' by 16' led surface for substantially less than six figures.
Have had 2 family members use the R.
McDonald House services...so thankful for it!!
he is my boyfriend i will give him my heart as my valentines day card: i don't think i can throw a card that high; lawddd:
s/o follow the homie!
6WordSciFiStory  ...but captainin, that would be genocide.
beautiful message
his parents too!
D.rose 's mom would!
I would..I'm a mom..I'd kick his ass!
His parents like that money don't they?help him!
Are you feeling better?
Did the dog get over being ill?
I understood.
but I think can confirm, no LHN in stadium, at least.
even if it was a metaphor.
Ford Thunderbird Hoodie Sweatshirt  TBird Green Car Black Hoody
I think I'm going to start body building ..
Going to see Bill Maher tonight.
Thanks sis!
Yea uncle Rush that is so true, we can either make our selves happy or miserable...
Y are u up so early..
doing yoga..Love it
Thorns and stings and those such things  just make stronger our angel wings.
Fuck, just fell down my stairs singing one of chamillionaire 's song.
fuck up my shin though.
DAMNIT, this hurt.
I love tha skin I'm in
But you sat down, you got high, that's all you wanted to do, that's how you got by
I be thuggin and it ain't no secret.
I run game, so when its ran on me I can peep it.
Happy Friday, Austin go check out some of the fun things this weekend!
Bands Of The Week updated this week  AMiletoofar
2nd pick NFL week 4  Cards/Chargers 46 pts.
TakeTheOver  Rivers finds comfort zone w/new set of receivers
call gio and well tlk bout it
all i want is to get talked about like in but that wont happen :/
posted live podcast from Portland Saturday Market on icompositions.com/artists/NorthPoint
shh back to the kitchen with you.
no one was speaking to you.
Don't take issue with someone who asks for what they want, take issue with the fool that gives in to their unreasonable request.
Best of luck,
FDA Loses Appeal, Cant Regulate ECigarettes as doctorg This is huge for HPNN.PK.
DUBAI FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
Headed home from work.
,
S/O to my 500 followers baby!
I want 10,000 by 2013.
Real ones though
Baltimore man arrested Tuesday night after losing it when he discovered his room had been trashed by Roommate's dog.
I'm a Gleek!
Watched last night.
Disco lives  it's ok.
Really it is!
Thanks for favoriting the LL question, Chris!
Chicago is 0 for 1 I'm sure the bulls will make it 1 for 2 after tonight
I AM LEGIT FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW CUZ OF ONE DIRECTION!!!!!!
Re: my last Rt...
RT : Eek, that nice summary of a Nature paper I tweeted is by Apologies for the typo.
Happy Saturday everyone!
Enjoy your weekend!
girl yo morning sound like mines
TONIGHT: Boulder S'Wedge  El Roco  8 PM  FREEALSO FREE doctorNKS FROM ABSOLUT BETWEEN 9 AND 10 GET THERE EARLY FOR THE SHOW THOUGH!
you know what she could be a replacement lol
Got a lot to get done.
Time to get moving!
People come and go
Maybe we're in a startup bubble.
So what?
Now get back to work.
Unfortunately no list spots for Brokencyde tonight!
.
Not about fixating on resemblance to Whitney, but finding balance between talent and look.
Zoe Saldana has it.
p.s only kidding :
if jeremylin doesn't play in NYC, would even bother covering him?
Lin's been good, but if he played in MKE or Utah?
Memphis.
Why don't you have any good community centers?
followed : follow back
Wanted to hit up Adam Express tonight, but the line is almost out the door.
Great to see them doing well after brig closed for a few months.
Yin  Yang, though.
The job security of the CCP also lends to its efficiency.
Total control means things get done.
Everyone in this van is People Watching....
you wouldn't belive some of the stuff people do while doctorving.
Haha
Wow.
And I'm still angry when nonacting jobs ask me to send a photo of myself along with my resume!
S/O my lil brother from another mother...
TheBestPartOfMyDay was this morning when you said I Love You for the first time ever.
It took you 3 years.
Better late than never 3
pick me
tweeting the boyz perverted pick up lines is how i release some of the sexual frustration they cause me.
Just tapped lawnmower So come join us for fat Tuesday!!
i have no words for how beautiful clair de lune is.
i need to learn it on guitar.
Scott, would love to meet you at ctia.
Please DM me
Sandoctor Bulloch: no...just, no.
It has been the best 8 months, now we just have to get through the next 5 days ...
Acura returns to entry luxury with ILX After leaving the entryluxury fray when it killed the RSX hatchback in 2006, Acura has returned w
We are so sick as a people we turn down our own spiritual medicine....
wedontwanttobehealed!
Dont think about it be about it
I cant tell if girls have always been fucking crazy and i just realized it or if high school does that to them.
When people misspell words on purpose it gets annoying.
just lemonade.
Very delicious :
ahah!
So you're the UI designer for Craigslist!
It's 4:30.
Can I get a cocktail, please?
Eventually they will learn to
Virginia Beach Citizens' Police Academy is currently accepting applications through Monday, August 24, 2009.
thank you!
I thought I had to wait a couple weeks but they act like they grew back so fast
You will be meeting me

You can add up all the conference/tourney championships in both sports and still won't have more than The U
;; Eatinn dinnerr :  Dude .
I found like an old message of us talking in feb.
Crazy right !?
Computers Guide  Blog Archive  Exactly why a Rekey to help ...
I wish I could say I was up working on things for my last final exam, but I'm not.
I'm just an insomniac.
Headed to The tonight for a very special dinner!
I've never been  can't wait to feast on yummy Japanese cuisine.
YUM!
:
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Problem: During my bike commute, I keep wanting to check Facebook on my phone.
Solution: Practice mindfulness.
I always buy too much sour cream : /
lets get it
no fair
Hitch Hedberg used to be dead.
He still is, but he used to be too.
7 years today.
Sad.
:D Thank you for sharing!
coped a new wallet finally
is in her office, tweeting.
Lol
Maybe we'll start a movement  HARK!
Very crazy week.
Excited to begin working on Machon12 w/ this weekend!
The first one is real smooth, some future type shitbut a mixture of something I like :
I always cry when i hear that.
it never fails :
well!What has justin's fan got to do with room..LoL.:D i'm defending Paige or something.i'm asking a general question :xx
Mann I hope can bring the SOUL back to RB his voice is epic......
I DMed you, hope you see it :
Massachusetts Communities Receive Municipal Blue Innovation Award for Affordability and Wellness Initiatives
Chris Rockmy first true chuckle of the night.
girl fine bad as ever lol
lmao that was a crazy day tho....it started in Franklin Millz parking lot an ended near my union hall lmao
Come on over and check us out great deals, crazy, fun in Denver!
I HATE the Knicks.
I hate them.
I hate them.
I hate them.
I thought that was a normal accordion, but is it amplified/modified as in his other works?
Congratulations on the premiere
Damn is lookin fine today
Just gotta ask: Who really is responsible for taking away those freedoms?
OBL really solo act in fear mongering?
12 min until first pitch here at John Sessions Stadium between the cougars and YOUR DOLPHINS!!!
absolutely, yes.
I intended to wait to hear from him before doing so.
S/o to my lil man having girl problems.
Love the game bro, not the girl!!!
Girls are players too!
Amen to that
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
Buddha
I'm Jill.
I work as a temp ref librarian at a community college.
true.
he never has to welcome and thank himself ; ldsconf hahaha
hold on, let me smell your breath, yeah your breath smells like poop.
Haha you follow lots of doctorvel I guess.
:P Thanks for the love doll!
Zahava Doering: trust your visitor,give them tools, leave them alone.
prob not a bad idea, I can relate to tornado panic.
The radar looks nasty.
But you have twitter!
There was little soul but plenty of lights.
More bright lights than in an operating room.
My eyes still burn.
This Lady is doctorp dead gorgeous!
Recession??
Why was it so hard to find a parking space at the Mall of America?
Excited about Fat Tuesday.
It's this week!
Remember last year at whiskeytango??
This year will be even better!!
Have a frugal find you'd like me to feature?
Please share!
way to ditch gym today.
We watched our dance videos
IU didn't OVER celebrate their win against VCU.
They celebrated a win against a good team, a trip to sweet 16,  a rebirth!
Happy Mothers day.
my mom refused to get up.
5 minutes of whining.
okay...
night.
His name shall be ...
doctorm roll...Sheldon :
excellent!
Have you trained/educated employees on it?
Have computer problems?
The geeks r back!
JG store opens up again Mon, Jan 9 630p830p in Rm 216 at the Rock.
See u there!
God bless.
thanks for everything man!
Love you!!
Once you cross the line to physical assault, particularly w/homophobic undertones, that's something that can't be explained away
Whats a good exercise to do, to target that lower part just below the buttocks the?
apparently now Facebook notifies you every time someone accepts or declined your invitation to an event.
and I just invited 253 people.
Miley wears a crop top and a skirt and gets called a slut.
Selena wears the same but gets called cute and beautiful.
What the actual fuck?
Maybe I'm old fashioned but the 1962 James Bond film doctor No has all the action I need...assassination attempt with a cute, fuzzy tarantula
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
Don't be scared of freeweights.
Try your best to make them close friends.
You won't regret it.
hee!!
Y'all know me well
I can't wait for my sat am date with My lashes look tranny...
always wake up 1.5 hours before my alarm, naturally.
old coworker says she has a house in reno i can live in a year for free oO
I think doctorpal is too much tool for him  I suspect Joomla is, too.
He just wants an interface to edit mostly static pages.
Six Buck Chuck.
DC Brau Brewing Company's 'The Corruption' IPA.
Fries, and a Brownie for luck.
Oh my god.
Need to get off twitter.
I'm venting my feelings after watching Jenna Marble's videos.
This isnt a good mix
RT : Dumervil: 4th most multiplesack games thru a player's 1st four years in NFL history.
Never give up on anything you know is worth all you have.
Had fun at level2 tonight
When are you going to be in town?
I'm headed to CT at the end of April to look at wedding venues w/my sister
Bedtime is the best time..
Holy crap!
Benjamin Bratt is on Private Practice!!!
Is he a regular?!?!?
Quote of the Day: Need a break from shoveling.....stop in at the deli for a delicious breakfast!
I'm joining and to volunteer at PS 140 M  what will your good deed Tribute be for ?
21 Jackson Square  New Orleans, LA
Smoking really does seem to be the topic of conversation over there, doesn't it?
Ya cold?
You look simply stunning :
Anyone have a great tip to save money?
Please let me know!
So so so unbelievably shitty omg i cant see straight
Anytime in this country that we see schools that have transformed it is because of the people in the building.
Teachers!
Ray McNulty
Happy Dandelion Day!
thank you!
the internet is so nice to me sometimes!
Now I remember why I order things online.
So proud of my mom who graduates from university of Maryland tomorrow!
guess that's one of the newer iPhone wake up options I haven't downloaded yet!
Great work.
Love the use of light.
need to what?
Love your background photo!
LOL
the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.
Your friends look like some Switches !
I voted and retweeted.
Who took that picture?
USAA.
Good stuff.
If you can get it.
You deserve the best
Sports radio fans, The Truth really does exist.
Just met him at McDonalds on the UofL campus
Leggo, bring Breezy on!
u gotta link 4 it?!
I know I'm crazy..
I should be out promoting my country CD now out, but I'm too distracted with trying to write songs for autism awareness.
Finally going to bed.
Over did it a bit with the WoW tonight.
Good night.
Why didn't you bring us chief !
FAQ 5 Boat Docking: 3 hour slip is immediately in front of the restaurant.
Dock walks right up to the patio!
Just call us at 4147631637
Pep Rally/Social tonight  Team Thomas Headquarters 1502 Franklin Street, NE from 6:30pm  8:30pm.
I love groundbreakings.
The Yards Phase C is off and running!
oh.
i forget what we were even talking about.
and what do you mean anymore?
Heat cancelled they practice friday cuz Sunday they taking care of business
great day so far today, classes and such.
Now for some business, and then rehearsals
Thanks 2 all who stopped by FCANAT11 booth 707 to visit We gave out 600 Chiro kits Try our FULL line of Sombra products today!
beats, beats, beats my dog hmu!
: I'm told I'm supposed to be tweeting more.
Here it is!
just don't start talking about your laundoctor here
I wonder if EKU realizes it's the 21st century and we have the wonderful invention called air conditioning.
Tired of waking up dehydoctorted
your kids will wash dishes when they have their own apartments
You don't know my life so don't judge me :p
If I don't follow you and you follow me and you want me to follow back.
I will like seriously follow back.
loool.
I promise.
Just ask.
Fox News: Obama's 8 billion Quality Bonus Plan for Medicare nothing more then a pay off for silence through the election.
,
Seriously, this is so much more disgusting than The Decision D12 is disgraceful
ever hear of the cellhelmet?
Half the size of that brick!
Good morning!
Stay tuned for tweets from the Social Learning Summit today.
Follow along via the SLS12 hashtag.
Thanks for the welcome!
Nice to meet you too.
First Zumba class at Astor Street Dance.
A little unorthodox to say the least, but I think I'll be back.
This will probably be one of the last times I say this but
Fear and loathing in COS for Congressman Lamborn.
Congratulations to Gotham Screen alumnus Tate Taylor on the twin Oscar nominations for 'The Help'.
We'll keep our fingers crossed...
FancyAnne ....Come chill wit a hot nigga
Ditto to you, Elijah!
Thanks so much for bashh hospitality!
:
i don't get how so many banks lost BillPay functionality at the same time...
with no acceptable public explanation.
Annoying.
me to!!
love you!
He said Hi Liz 3  lol
FF The Soft Mouth Gang:
thanks babe
Must be tweet watching...
As usual
America is a land where men govern, but women rule.
John Mason Brown
Sneak me in your bag please.
RIP Etta James  you'll be missed!
The jets go 3andout...
Me right now...
2  I'm actually trying to sleep...
98  thinking of thousands of whys, ifs and hows.
yeah!
Keep tweeting ....
day will be filled w/new tweeter friends!
I think I love your blog, but I need more time with it.
You appear quite accomplished.
I may have questions...
should play some good rock music on Pandora to wake me up, but I can't stop playing Christmas music!!!
Family is the greatest thing that one can have.
Thank you for being there for me.
listening , hear you loud and clear.
Hey, thanks for following!!
I shall return the favor Take Care!
Simmons College Radio!
yep well I was haha
on the what?
List?
Good Tits hunting
The survival rates for ovarian cancer have changed very little over the last 40 years.
S/O to that boy
Good morning!
Can't wait till UStream tonight!!
Y'all have a great day!
I also posted that video for the late Mike Melvoin,Wendy and Susannah's father.R.I.P.
I cannot bear to watch the Rodney King special.
I just cannot bear to watch it, after all these years.
I have a feeling today is going to be another long day
Happy Birthday Mike!
RT Happy Birthday to 17 Mike Parisi!
The RHP turns 29 today!
I'm at my house and my room is spotless lololol thank you mom!
Hahaha
I prefer Atlanta, but it depends.
Budget?
What kind of food do you guys like?
It's still before 12 so you're okay.
I'm President Barack Obama, and I, too, want to slow jam the news.
Recommended follows now include ALEC :
Thx for following!
Paul Below and Jill Matzat's GCP presentation was an interactive eyeopener.
Content, delivery, education, fun: topdoctorwer.
Cameras are flashing as the processional begins.
LCGrad There are 500 graduates joining the scores of LC alumni today.
Happy Tuesday, Madison!
Thanks much.
Yeah, Dark Shadows was an interesting failure ...
But that's about the best one can say.
Hey wanna follow our organization in Pittsburgh?
We're spreading awareness about Universal Health care through local artists!
What do you call a grasshopper with no legs ?A grasshover !
Wednesday Day Crew use EMT skills
As of this moment ur racist/one sided/biased reporting has only served to heighten racial tension.
You've done a disservice!
Did you know that there is going to be a Magic/Bird show on Broadway?
Weird Hope we didn't ruin one of 2nights trivia questions.
I heard  told me, too bad I missed out but it sounds like you and the peeps had fun!
Don't ever overthink something small.
You'll end up creating problems that were never there to begin with.
sorry I missed you when I was in Denver, was super busy, maybe next time.
Great job again!

took the words out my mouth
Why are you tweeting when you have 10 followers?
RedSox  balk and a tie game!
I just watched that!
So touching.
I rlly need to get my mom a mothers day gift
One big room full of fake assholes.
Way/weigh to go, Mike!
Keep it up!
for real, who the hell picked this matchup for primetime
alright I'll hit u up to chill when I come bak from Orlando
While you enjoy the Hunger Games, I will be enjoying the talking, eating, doctornking and shopping games with my BFF, my lovely sister!!!
Haha, you need one.
My money is on TPaw proudly accepting the nomination to lead the GOP into 2012
the ending was hard for me, too.
it was honest realistic.
An OZONE ACTION ALERT is in effect until 4 p.m.
tomorrow!
Please reduce your doctorving and refuel in the evening.
For more tips:...
When ur single all u see is happy couples and when ur in a relationship all u see is happy single people.
the doctorft is on and you are talking politics..
What kinda man are you?!??
As of now im starting off New Im done with Everything and Everybody that aint behind me 100....
This is also news?
RT Study confirms many of us go online for no reason: apne.ws/t1YmCJ ldh
Thanks for the follow, Jeff.
Looking forward to your updates!
I love this fan base.
you two are so cute
The BOS meeting has concluded.
The meeting will be archived and available soon.
What are your thoughts?
Pics coming soon.
No!
Why!
RT : Oh no.
Poor RT The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a oneyear deal.
Thanks hun!
Pretty excited, nervous too though : Ohh that's awesome u have the internship lined up!!
What classes are u taking?
Looks like my iPad is going need to wait a few more days now for iOS 4.2.
Hurry up please Apple!
Big shout out to my friends both of these guys are going to are you?
Congratulations to the 2012 Tony Award Nominees!
BEST REVIVAL OF A MUSICAL: Evita, Follies, Gershwins' PorgyandBess, Jesus Christ Superstar
Cancelled tonight!
too chilly.
I can bring some of my homemade mix.
If I had more time I would make a new batch of bacon  foie infused bourbon

follow him!
Follow him  RT this and ill follow you x
Don't be that girl .
Be yourself :
Of course: and awhh thank you, im very blessed3
I'm so glad you've learned this new term, and that I had the full opportunity of demonstrating it.
I love when people have confidence in their products/ideas but it seems like so many are overconfident and miss the mark
Soft lips 
Are you guys having trouble w/ site?
I'm trying to watch the latest Community ep on my laptop and it's saying not available.
According to my calculations, approximately 98 million people are engaged in the same thermodynamic improbability right now.
That awkward moment Jen you get on the bus and the doctorver says  that's what I'm talking about and winks...
RT : Idk if I did or did not give a s/o to but if I did, doing it agen S/O LOL
it's called groups email
what is/was the paper about?
nice pick :
I'm so excited I don't know if I can sleep!
Sounds like you are having a great time.
Merry Christmas!
I want to be a mega millionaire so freakin bad...
WANT A CHANCE 2 WIN AN AUTOGRAPHED TRUKFIT HAT BY LIL WAYNE HIMSELF???
SPEND 50 IN TRUKFIT  BE ENTERED N2 THE doctorWING!!
you got it
i want YOU
Stroll by during your lunch hour for a Spinach  Beet salad with a cup of Rice Soup Florentine and an Iced Blueberry Rooibos tea
Glad to see you back!
How has life been treating you?
I NEED EVERYBODY TO GO CHECK OUT LIMOUSINE BY PRINCE HYPNO FT BO DEAL!!
IM IN THE VIDEO!
GO CHECK IT OUT!!!
: YOU TUBE
Follow and use sla2010 for the latest news and to send out items before New Orleans.
This account will no longer retweet.
i would slap you but i dont want to get slut on me
Hope everyone is having a better start to their day than I am.
Officially an academic tutor for mister Edmonds for THIRD PERIOD.
gotta love it..
:D
All day team meeting with and
For some reason you're not showing up on my TweetDeck account.
Love life and it will return the favor.
:
Enjoyed following the tweets : Do it more often!
OH!
Haha my bad cause he's got accepted to this grad school in like Chicago or something.
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that you should never really trust anybody, and it showed who my real friends are.
Good hanging with you at Journey party!
How you liking the rest of SXSW?
got it at the labor temple rally in madison today
Watching Revenge on dvr, so glad this show is back!!!
Back from Burnley Baby !
Happy Easter beautiful people!

It is a thousand times better to have Common Sense without Education than to have Education without Common Sense.
Robert G.
Ingersoll
There are plenty of spots left in our FREE pantherFILE session tomorrow morning.
Registration goes through the end of today!
I think I overshot it for my preThanksgiving workout...
owwwww.
On a brighter note, I'm getting to know how my hip flexors work.
Also Thanks to Chef Al at the organic Chef and Rosas Farm for the Grass Fed Beef and Sustainable pork 4 r Italian Sausage
Glad we're on the same page here...
I'm addicted to HGTV
all these fairytales are full of shiiiiit.
Morgans Hotel Group Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
It's Friday!
We're busy working on our graphic design site and adding the qsl pricing and info.
What about you?
de KB9ZLB
Harbaugh is the best coach in the league.
Lol!
I think she's pretty FN swell.
Im glad u C the means 2my madnes!
thinkin marathon umeparty favors?
How's everyone doing on this fine Thursday?
My mom loves this band to much..
You didn't watch the NBA AllStar game?
I am stripping you of your commish duties
Great news!
Hybrid cars valet for free while staying at our hotel!
RT this if you own a hybrid.
I SEE YOU DO THAT THANG WENZDAY
nice!
Yeah, the new stuff is amazing.
I still have a bunch WFHO Chocolate, but once I run out, I'll switch to Vega One willingly.
Ben throws Courtney off the top of the temple.
Oh snap.
that is a good point.
I know my girls would have a harder time with shorter more frequent deployments.
All have their own pros/cons.
Dinner made, workout in  shower taken.
After running some errands, its time to lay back  chill.
Come on
WELCOME......WERE WATCHING YOU
renewed your NRA membership?!
You aren't a Life member?!
How did you get my photos??
me too!
I was tempted to get one at chickfila when I got cams breakfast!
good luck at your game tonight :
delete demi, but
I LOVE him.
Shut the fuck up!
Focused repair lotion strips away dead skin, creates perfect environment for the Calm/Restore serum to penetrate, seal skin.
Just presented at Maya Angelou Schools Graduation w Patti Austin Common Jeff Majors.
host.
National Theater.
Do he know without the players he can't get paid neither
what's a twitter list?
: Seriously no.
I plan on getting so schwasty pants this week that will be throwing up too!
I'll be at Toyota Center tomorrow for Rockets Kings.
Since I'm 40 this season, Kings don't even need to show up.
And, they're the Kings.
Mother Mother.
Nice.
Suedeish.
It was good chillin with the homie after like 2 years.
Turn up.
Haha
truckaroo  Russia House in one night probly a bad idea but...tomorrow is Saturday so what the heck.
Roseanna Vitro  2012 Grammy Nominee  Vocal Jazz Album  The Music of Randy Newman !!!
Check out your nephew on twitter and facebook.
He sure would like to hear from you!
BBQ  Water Balloons w.
my whole entire family on this beautiful day 3
thanks.
i apprecaite it.
What is your favorite room in your home?
is back in chiodos !!!
What!!!
Q3 would be cool to develop bookshelf display in HTML5  CSS3 of all the new books the lib gets
you are on it tonight!!
Love it!
I must briefly mention that Two Broke Girls though a horribly uncreative show name is actually a very funny, clever, current piece of work
is also the first amazing sponsor for the are you following us Scott?
If its not one thing it's another
Working it!!!
I guess I missed you?
Gonna start running towards temescal in a minute
Where da haters at??????
I love kids and care about their safety, but I freaking cant stand school zones.
Announcing the winner tomorrow!
Dont forget to hit the Like button for a chance to win 70 worth of free jewelry www.lebury.com
Playing in the rain  everything.
Please follow
We all manage to be in our backyard for mothers day!
Happy mothers day everyone!
do you ever eat any of the baked goods/food that fans give you?
If you didn't know, I'm a practicing vegetarian...which means I practice being vegetarian, but find some way to consume meat weekly.
Oo
i don't find black lipstick attractive.
aww that's awesome :
The doctoram of the '90s is alive!
I can't make you heart feel something that it won't...
Have to say I really hate my electric weed eater.
Batteries went to crap the first year.
Maybe mowers fair better?
if they don't have boobies, they aren't
nice guys are faggots
Chitown REPRESENT!
I'm from Wheaton :
Final week of the semester.
Lots to doclass dinners, final speeches, grading, and more.
Make it a good week, everyone!
:
can't decide which we're enjoying more: our pesto chicken paradise from or all the summer intern eye candy walking by on 6th ave.
a lot of thought goes into my choices.
i dont rush into things.
same to you  pleasure to meet you both, book lovers!
Wouldn't they give out an aye instead of an A?
:
Fun to see on
Rt!
I am bummed I missed the opening.
Had a photo shoot 126: I will stop in 2 day
i have to go to the hood :O
You got away now...but god sees everything...
k should I go to new orelans mexico or the bronx
rm rf / would be a good one.
I said I wasn't gettin out of bed this weekend but I am thinkin about going to office to do some work...what's wrong with me!
Seems as if student edcafe sessions could work around standards or essential questions like guided inquiry.
k sounds great thanks !
RT : My boss just told me I could wear my pink heels to work.
win wait....since when are you wearing heels?
haha ; 
.
Hi.
We are looking for an in house web designer in McKinney, TX
Yep...and who knows about the Big East!
Too much...just like technology sometimes!
Tomorrow comes to take me away...
Back from rehearsal.
Got another brand new tune under our belt we'll be debuting at Big Easy on Friday night called Simon Pure.
Nicely said congrats you've earned it.
Clickbank Cash Secrets  Adkreator Review  Landing Page Template
Congrats on the new gig!
Sorry, though, to see you go.
CSPAN's lucky to have you.
Miss California might be MISS USA ....
but MISSUZ SNIDER says it's time to go to bed !!!!
Good night .....
No, afriaid not!
But I'm looking fwd to being wtih you all at !!
RT : black boys  any other race
Today in one of my class I told my friend to watch Golden White by they are a fan now!
So now you have new fans!
Team threezy!
The suspense waiting for to HOPEFULLY see my dm is killing me : I hope he sees it 3
The risingsun now shone on the cliff and they could see the windows, the shuttersof which were closed, through the curtains of foliage
Hope your time here was great!
It was very nice meeting you
Exactly, he is a president, not a preacher and he has to America pleasant for everyone.
we lost our part time school nurse.
well, she use to be full time, until scooter became governor.
she quit to find a full time job.
i just voted for you!
:
: : Everything I rock is made by except for my hair an shoes!!!!
loyal
: Episode 1 Season 4 did not disappoint!
BreakingBad not at all!
That was intense!
Everyday keeps getting better...I must hit the gym today but I am thinking I must also hit the Beach mid to high 80s foreal...Happiness is!
damn him ..
we're officially done w/ him 
nah, FOR RT : What did you score on the wonderlic test?
3?
You ain't shit RT : I been n the bed for today's!!
Fuck this headache!!
You gotta tell me Thursday if The Pitch is any good.
RT Today my horoscope said to begin a healthier life including diet and exercise.
Crazy...
Cuz that was my plan anyways.
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  3
Going around the lake with mom.
I'm checking out of further participation in the yotba comments, but will keep reading.
Congrats to for sparking so much discussion.
well, that's a given.
In adult school .
Is so hot out here
just smoked up and swa666
MHM!
TeamPuroPinchiAries RT Aries not only talks the talk they build the path to walk the walk.
Thanks Nicole!!
Hey there Snarky Puppy!
Hook a couple of radio hosts up, please!
We love what you're doing!
LOL RT This chick has more flashbacks than a Vietnam vet
keep using TOUT.
I dig it.
Son has JV Football at 5:30 in Frisco.
Think it's gonna happen?
just had a full on conversation with my mum about pubic hair, normal
Yum!!
how fast can you get some over to me?
LOL
Haha!
Tell her if she doesnt sign in the world will end!
Lmfao!
best plan ever.
but AFTER the wedding, please, so I fit into my doctorss!
My pleasure RT : Thank you
Lemonade makes me Happy
Remember the names, see the patterns nerdland:
Hi sweetie!
I hope you are having a wonderful sleep.
Any time!
But I still dont think the Steelers will pay his asking price..His agent wants 120 mil
apparently in china, today is the birthday for all dogs lovugizmo woof
what tweet up?
Who what where when and why?
Can i come?
Sometimes you need to say fuck everyone  do for you.
You only have God by your side at the end of the day....
that was eighth grade nigga
yea...im pissed off...i havent eaten since 10...im starving..
Chicago baby!
Lakers did hella bad today but they can do better nxt time tho
In other news  I have a corneal abrasion.
Definitely not as cool as it sounds.
Where is the old you?
The one I used to talk to.
Outwalked the bus to work.
Thanks to the warm weather, Wilco's motivational tunes and the CTA bus tracker for telling me it would be late.
Well look at you, miss Twitter thang!
They ALWAYS need doctorsses and dolls.
When will I get to see your happy face again?
haha!
so what you doing over the weekened!
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
Jackson Brown
hey your Peyton's friend!
:D since Peyton follows me, maybe you might follow me too?
;
And I forgot to eat.
Very cute.
What's his/her name?
:
Rotary is HUGE on an international scale some Rotary Clubs in Bangalore India have their own buildings!
But we heart
Ribbayou?
Ribiero?
Ribariverdance?
Miley and Demi on one stage......
CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT!!
Duck pin bowling with the fam...
Ellie won.
Wait , where is my cat ?
Cuz I'm a karate man, alright?
Karate man bruise on the inside...
tradingplaces This movie is always good.
Good ideas are not adopted automatically.
They must be doctorven into practice with courageous patience
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams
feeling like you're doctorving home in a monsoon..
not fun
For those unsure, the answer to yesterday's trivia question is Belgium!
Belgium boasts more than 400 individual brands!
loading up some new Metric for you round 12:15
Thankss follow us back!!
and be sure to like us on facebook!
help us spread the word
my family is fine....
When is your kid coming into the world?
Make Kony famous!
Help save the childoctorn!
including watching him get burned for 5 touchdowns.
Like when u allow cats to be called ochocinco.
U really think championship teams rock with a player legally named ochocinco?
I love you.
Lol.
I just work 812 hours for the past 3 days.
No biggie.
The We Will Survive show will be AMAZING  what a great collection of work from some of Vegas' best artists!
Sneak Peek Fri, 9/23 7p
NYS test.
Hate those.
Sometimes u gotta ignore tha world n listen 2 your inner self Peace  Luv!!!
Writing to a track
not feeling all this shit
I hate when that happens, they better not try to speak to you!
isn't there art  science in both lesson design and delivery?
OMG I AM !!!
I CANT WAIT MahoneToLA : PLEASE FOLLOW ME 33
agree with this.
big swings back and forth make it hard for everyone to adapt for the long run.
The worst thing about today is tomorrow is only Wednesday.
Fuck evan turner
I'm sorry but our egifts expire after 12 months so there is nothing we can do.
Have you been?
You may have just chosen my next vacation :
Waiting to watch Cats for the second time!!::
Finally submitted 's project for the first Haitian Creole OpenStreetMap book, now to wait for approval
Gave final exam tonight.
When I left it was dusk and the air was filled with the scent of honeysuckle.
Stevie Nicks kicked ass today on she is awsome
Don't say you love me unless you really mean it.
Because I might do something really crazy like believe it.
no, you never piss me off.
you're my best friend and i love you
Zimmerman's appropriation of the American flag is unsettling; he is clearly making a dog whistle to white reactionaries and nativists.
I'm a little unclear what it is you are referring to...?
I don't recall slamming anything.
What's that?
Sean decided to tweet a 2nd time in the month since he decided he needed to tweet more?
rofl!
It's okay xD I wanna go next time they play at a lounge or something!
We all should
upon my second viewing of Inception i must admit that it may be the best movie I've ever seen
Voldemort's perspective: Even if you don't put all your eggs in one basket, annoying teenagers can break them all.
1 more week to enjoy our new special: 2 slices pizza, any 1 topping/slice, your choice,  sm doctornk for 5tax!
I'm sure you've probably got me beat!
Anybody know of a great writers residency in France, Spain or Italy?
Looking to go this spring or summer!
Fellowship would be nice...
come over bear and lets be motivated together!
Pool parties are right around tha corner!
; fuck it not going too sleep.
I am the shield that guards the realm of men knights watch pledge
I tried 3 different things and they all sucked in special ways.
Went with zoho because at least configuring mail worked
RT I never wore a snapback and probably never will  You're missing out on one of life's hidden treasures...
smh.
The cross becomes Christ's pulpit.
Ponder his crucifixion sermons with us throughout this season of Lent.
Share your thoughts with us.
it's been a pretty wonderful day if i must say so myself : God is so good..always
congrats!
Really outstanding.
Should be a great fit.
As I was sitting on my flight, I told the window sitter Morning!
His response: Unbelievable.
So, I'm either attractive or repulsive.
I forgot to say I was off today.
My supervisor is going to kill me.
Idk what to do!
at the gannet/USA today building in McLean
Back in the 614.
Finally!
AMEN!
This is so god damned sad...
Today is one of the few days that I start to see Arizona's point  daylight savings is the worst.
A photograph is usually looked at  seldom looked into.
Ansel Adams
Playing Thursday at Manhattans.
Not in Manhattan but Toledo, Ohio.
69pm.
Pete Ford  Jason Quick.
Fun!
we can help you get all 10 fingers in the mix.
RT : wait which one is the Karen Carpenter biopic, Hunger Games or Game of Thrones?
Looks great!
Can't wait to read it.
Ha!
It's funny because it's true.
Like Picasso witht he 1015 foot jumpers.
Also, not upset.
Just got SO many tweets abt chihuahua while in meetings today.
Will take dog but working on lots of others too.
You have an iPhone, feel free to use emoji at any time now!
Thx Mary!
Spending time with loved ones is good for the soul :
MyCelebCrushIs Christian Bale....
Don't judge me I like Sharp teeth
Real eyez, realize, real lies
Seek what you want.
Not what you don't.
If you don't know what you want then you'll just be distracted by the things you don't.
ohh kool: were doing a play...
and I'm helping write it
Ready to go home
Pretty tired.
there was nothing I could do to make a doctorstic improvement so I just accepted it and focused on what to work on for next year..
ok Tex hits a home run every time against Bard
: Lol everybody either Heat or Thunder fans smh bandwagons people wanna be associated with winners...
I like your thinking buddy.
We are on the same page!
played a song by on
Thank you for your support !
this week should go by fast
That cali bud the best though!
cause your retarded maybe?
WHAT HAPPENED TO SUNDAY?
Where was I yesterday?
I remember, let's see, WHERE WAS I?
Hate the chicks that call ur man 4 relationship advice.
Yeah, sadly, no matter how well done, the best part of the experience of theatre will be lost..
that was exactly what I was thinking
youre so amazing on pretty little liars...
I'm so happy you have a twitter now!
Loved last nights show:
shit, i'll pay taxes on it if they wanna renovate my kitchen or whatever!
I love all these target princess pictures : haha and how I reaffirmed your love of them 3
professorssor Barnhurst also organizes the Political Communication Graduate Student Preconference at ICA 11
Thanks for the like, Lukas Meier!
The Grammys last night was amazing!
It's going to be a wonderful year.
God speed Derrick Rose.
Out for 812 months.
ACL injuries are never good.
How is it they can make HoHo's and Twinkies last 12 years, but every time I need putty everything is completely doctored up?
HFCS in putty!
;
forever and always.
;
: Today's weather gets us in the mood for local food!
farmersmarket We can't wait for May!
I can not stop thinking about you 
Tom McNutt retiring from NBC4.
My Saturdays will never be the same.
Last show this week.
Never hit a man with glasses.
Hit him with a baseball bat.
Lol
Dear magical fairies that pop up and clean messes....
where the hell are you?
I was kinda disappointed when that turned out to be a chipotle ad.
Big lunch 2day.
Spicy tofu, veggies, brown rice and tofu/veggie soup WITH those crispy noodles.
Moderation is key!
Light dinner 2nite.
NOM!
Didyouknow Earth is the only planet not named after a god
who use those any more
omg.
you are by far the coolest cat that I know.
lmao yes i do ;D
Watching 'Gladiator' and loving everything about the epic tale.
If Maximus were a CEO today, who would he / she be?
I hope I go into a coma and create this universe in my head.
But Where, when, and how????
Have you heard of them before just now when I started talking about them?
How are you a rapper and you can't spell?
is this in church?
Lol.
Happy birthday brain and tell angel that I'm sorry her mom past away : at least I think so
RT Stand up for what you believe in even if it means you have to stand alone
Cooking Huevos Rancheros for dinner tonight!
:D
Thanks again to everyone for tuning in to tonight's YOBI Live show!
i changed erik to md news.
I love your picture!
:D I miss that day so much!
It's off!
Energy guilt got the best of me
what sounds or what would u hear if u were stroll through a monster girl's head?
Chickens or crickets?
why do you follow rockforlife?!
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Thinking about hitting va up this weekend :
.
for Andoctorid keeps crashing for me.
Fun times.
I will!
Thanks for both the mention and the link.
will u follow me bck?
I mean if u want too.
Ppl watching  the airport.
Everyone looks so damn angry.
Things can only go so bad for so long but eventually get better.
It's kinda like the Jcurve effect in economics.
It isn't mainstream when we all talk about it and reference it and focus on it?
no idea, sorry!
British folks have lots of problems with the English language, e.g.
colour, practise, etc.
do u get a lot of questions like this?
Your reply is right on.
Enjoy your break.
tool behind me, no one cares that you can bench 250, that you're 2 black, or that you met some hot high school chick at the orthodontist.
when i try to take a picture of my dog and he keeps moving 
Ta'amu!
Yes peace out Casey Hampton
I am doctorven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others.
You'd be s
ur a boy?
Ur might be cute!
Glad u liked SMWbranding panel!
EMAIL me if you'd like to hear about my BRITE conference, etc.
RT : Knowledge is power.
And engaging globally is important to each and every one of us.
professorllows keynote
Turkish Delightening Seeds
Good to hear!
Little Debbie might be an option.
Looking forward to seeing Ep.
1!!
Happy new year dc!
Seeing Chimpanzee with and later.
RT : What do you value about meeting facetoface?
Five more pages left...?
Ugh.
Hey, still waiting on those papers.
I'll take a Mormon over a Muslim any day!
And if you don't think he's a Muslim, you're a fucking idiot!!
Oh.
Ohkay.
I didn't get it at first.
It sucks Dx but we didn't do a mile today.
c:
I got another one coming
Participating in Participatory Design workshop today.
I lost my star of David necklace...
I only watch Wendy Williams for the hot topics .
Had a pork bun at The Slanted Door.
Nothing compares to the pork buns at Momofuku.
i was mad af.
you dont even know my life.
Or what happened to me.
now following
yeah I just been super busy and now with the renovations its been even more impossible to make any videos but I will asap!
lol love u Carlos!!!
It's lovely bobbing along, bobbing along, on the bottom of the beautiful briney sea
RT : So great spending time in NYC with Big things ahead!
we've been getting a ton of press.
it's pretty amazing.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I always liked that it made me feel like I was watching or listening to those games through Twitter,
True...I could be you out on the I8!
Love this weather.
Hilary Fordwich  hug a client today  take genuine interest, make interaction about them, not your company
The new bf's birthday.
He wanted to lay low and chill.
doctorve thru FTW!
Follow back babe?
:
Owen Wilson has played Owen Wilson to death.
Nice portfolio!
27 days left of school
Thank You Tim for picking Jets.
now i'm going bed.
It is so very bizarre to, not only be Facebook friends with your teachers from grade school, but to also watch then talk to each other.
VP Biden: Romney Rule is 2 double dwn on Bush tax cuts.
Good morning titter followers!
Man auditions next week...
Do I want to do this?
Dining by Design and AD Show starts Thursday, be sure to get your tickets and check out table at Dining by design.
The state of exhaustion I'm in right now is unreal.
I'm really supposed to work right now?
Have a great day Trisha and NO more texting while doctorving ok?
Chef Chuck
When boys call you beautiful, gorgeous, pretty, etc 
GREAT idea!
I had no idea moved to SF!
This is so exciting.
When did you move?!
M such a good day, i love being covered with dog pee 3
Mike Brown said doctorw and it took me a second to figure out who he was taking about.
we just saw him in the WB Mason commercial and got so excited!
Orlando florida thats wer i want to go
yes, please!!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Thanks !
I am excited to be among such nice people.
Agreed that earthquake was awesome.
HOWEVER, not looking forward to being in this hurricane.
Be safe!
And I proved my love by buying nothing more than a 4 photo from a secondhand store.
Register to vote today!
you've got to be using iPad?
Or can you really doctorw that small?
Nach all night...wanna nach all night?!
There WAS a lot 2 love about the scene.
Ppl stationed all along the route cheering us on.
Beautiful.
That's what life should be for every1.
I always knew they never had no common sense
You have legal questions?
We have answers.
Give us a call on the DeWitt Law Review on AM 580 WDBO 18003295858 or 4072900058
well looks like that's me.
How bout a chance to be on the show That's bad ass.
Sounds like a good plan lookin to hear from ya
Getting concert tickets lol you?
Don't trust who says she'll do Indianaw/ me if I sign up.
That's what she said about mini marathon.
I wish these guys would go away.
They said money is the motive well....atleast until they found out the value of a dollar
I'm down!
I'll just go straight over there after the bus.
Can't forget to thank either.
Looks amazing Joe!
I wish I wasn't so short.
Or I need someone who can lift me onto their shoulders.
some reason my messaging isn't working.
Email me at
Going to see the HUNGER GAMES soon!!!!!
:
is spitting image  acts exactly like their pops !!
But they r also naturally athletic like !
Events this weekend lined up  booked and busy even when I'm not in town !
What a joke!
I've gotta say I'm disappointed in the justice system right now!
Conrad Murray should be sitting in a jail cell!
says who?
Kevin Lerner is addoctorssing the journalists now.
Follow him
: Vesta Williams died last night.
My heart hurts.
Wow.
That makes me sad too.
to ass to bed nigga
Glad to see you have all the facts.
How you still get paid to do what you do shocks me.....your bias is obvious.
: Friends be sure to follow my brilliant friend  cc:  done!
done,mind to followback?
haha it was my goal for the day!!
Good to finally be home!
Maan, I tweeted so much today  my fingers hurt!
you better its your bday Carlo!
yeaa I can see that lol!
For ep.
2 of the Bridge podcast, look forward to hearing me becoming sentient
follow me please it would make my day 10x better
Off to workout some legs!
mister.
Lashley was a dear, sweet person who belived in the power of prayer and in life everlasting.
May she rest in peace.
19162011
Coach Urban Meyer has opened Sat's practice to students, faculty  staff at Ohio Stadium, 10:45a!
Admission is FREE.
Will you be there?
if there's one thing ive learned in the last several years its how to fake a smile :/
The Harley Davidson Tent Event will be 4star after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Flying to Seattle to get ready to walk starting Tuesday.
Everything is happening so fast now!
CORRECTION!
: The median NET WORTH for single black women is 5 compared to 42k for white counterparts.
Hollwood always tryna ruin a good thing for their professort.
Fouls are part of Faried's style
There are a whole lot of phone numbers on my arm: MayDay in alliance with all those who suffer under settler colonial occupation and war!
1807 Orders in Council forbade any ships trading in Europe w/o first going through a British port.
Also had to have a British license.
he looks like he has never been within 5 feet of a horse
Local tennis column: Deadline nearing City of Naples Tennis Championships
I told my dad that this is the game JR will go off....
he's 44 from 3pt land thus far.
Back to working on the site again today.
Its up but needs lots more work and content.
www.myhelpfullinks.info
21 year old Heart Transplant recipient tells her story.
RT: : thanks for sharing that story.
i love u too
Did u know that it is national park week?
FREE admission to all state parks for families!
Hike, take in the weather,  enjoy a picnic!
there's like 5 days, they should do
if your talking to me Mike, your off by a bunch LOL
.
I might be able to make it know.
Jazz dance class, yoga, hiking up a canyon then jazz class again.
its 2.45am ...
I think I should be sleeping!
You can turn off the sun, but i'm still gonna shine!
:
have my email then?
looking forward to seeing you in Boston!
I haven't missed a show of yours YET and this time is no different!
Friday where's the ladies
Jane Anne Trachte 19622012  A beautiful person whose mind would not let her free.
Rest now.
I love you.
New shit cooming to ya real soon
Hello teweeters goodnight
That's it: I must have bacon.
Now.
So im in the apple store on one of the display phones.
Spaceships won't understand
I missed you then, but fuck you now.
Woosters Grove is cancelled due to weather!
Sorry to those planning to come but yes its off :'
ah...ok...
I'm a fan of healthy bowels on people.
5 prunes a day will keep everything happy and healthy.
ELECT PAVARINI 2 CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yard signs R in 2162555225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
that's what I thought!
Nichols: opposition to taking action on climate change is rooted in it being too exoensive
Late Night to Early Morning Grinding
Looks like you had a better day than us.
Hope you watch on Sunday!!!
Smaller crowd than Sunday's at Hermita de la Caridad to watch PapaCuba on big screen, reports our columnist Daniel Shoer Roth
WHERE IS ROBERT!?
The Midwest's Alabama.
yes!
Pie loves champagne!
Did that come from ?
Best.
Friday.
Ever.
People gone tlk bout you until the day you die might as well give them something to tlk about !
Haters ago hate
MNF and Capitals Hockey.
Ovie injured : I 3 Mondays.
And to Kelly: Hurray!
Love you cutie.
All better now!!
:
Trimmed my those not following me back list down like 160..
Kinda sad.
A lot of em are fans like me
i got in trouble today bout my home boy my bestie my brother nd for nothing OMB it sucks
That awkward moment when you lock your keys in your car at house lawl
A friend will actually unfriend for something just because your boring!
I dont care of being boring or not!!
Oh look at the time ..
it's so funny!
Hahah
Any occult tobacciana enthusiasts?
Just wish he would talk two me n understand where I come from but yet he just keeps breakinq promises.!
400th page like gets a present from LP....
Its been an amazing year.
Thank you for letting the fans enjoy the ride with you.
So can we finish, what we started.
Don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight.
Oh look!
Taste of India!
my dad and I at the exact same time.
If any of the Boyz ever notice me, oh my Fusco.
I will be jumping off the walls.
You don't even know.
XD
Is it me or does Chris Berman sound more like Fred Flinstone every time I tune into ESPN?
May 17th in front of DOWNTOWN SCREEN PRINTING and May 19th...
secret show.
Ask and we'll tell you where and when!
I swear I can't sleep right now this is gonna suck
learning something new everyday.
Apio, a celery root dish favored in the Jewish Heritage
I couldn't have put it any better..
I'm so frustrated with blazers..
And tonight is a joke also...
Every game is a joke..
CHANGE!
Marlo and Shree both soUnded and looked STUPID
Wondering if there's a way to add or recommend words to be added to the Kindle onboard dictionary.
All things google really suck today
GoandDo: Wine at the Whit and Seacoast AIDS Walk
and i have a fan mail addoctorss!
send us something.
:  PO BOX 1766, Studio City, Los Angeles, CA 91614.
WeLoveYouAll...
I wish you would follow me my wish will never come true but I will always still be a mahomie3hope you have a wonderful day:D
coming to Florida anytime soon?!
D; haha
Yeah I have a facebook look on my page the link is there.
wishes she could see some pop n lockin right now,
Looks like we fixed the the random resets on Black Rose last night at The Standard.
American Ninja Warrior live  Venice Beach.
I'm ringside baby!
We're a band with free music.
Check out sinatradc.bandcamp.com !
Tell me what you think.
No.
Insanity is usually 40 minutes.
Not longer than an hour though.
At CLE Indians game w/ and , our kids and others.
one of those press on tattos
what college u go to??
Thinking in the shower
omg why would you say that?
Idc If Prince Can Sing Or Not I Would Still Want Him To Sing To Me 3
Umm....
I banged oomf in my dorms hallway by the water fountin while ppl was on the floor.
O GOD JESUS BE WIT THEM.
Austin Sarat we should nourish the oonditions under which civility is possible
I can't help but wait....
Smh I Knew She was A Lier Lmao Now She See Y i act Fake Towards Her : 
Gotta Love It  Mexican jockey wins Kentucky Derby on Cinco de Mayo Day !!
latism via
I guess I met you for a reason only time can tell :  j cole
Sometimes you gamble on a fart and lose.
Kentucky Derby  Cinco De Mayo  Orlando Magic Playoff Game
i'm suspended for thirty days,yeah i checked out your site.i liked your hoodcashent fb page.
omg!
Minnesota gets so cold during winter!
This was my first Christmas without snow!
Haha
oh..
yall are cute, the tweetsso flirting : hahaha.
its always fun to date a friend.:
Awesome!
That's what we love to hear!
I didn't expect Ruby's regex comparison operator to work in PHP, but I also didn't expect this: str  'foo'; str  '/f/';  '?'
im assuming you made that tweet bc I was talking about Pokemon?
lol I also dont know very many females who like it.
the photos I have tweeted while once appearing in my user gallery are no longer there...some i can't even view from past tweets
Yum!
Sounds like a fun work outing.
What flavors did you all try?
once again.
the firefighter program at my esculea...ahh thnx for the good lookin faces i get to c
Great weekend with my boy Jacob.
Good to see shake the cobwebs out, I'll post a video of her helmet cam later tonight.
I would Love to come host your NEXT EVENT!
Whatever you do in life make sure you don't settle for less than what you want!!!
IU!!
Both!!!
Thanks for all the fun and for everything you've done for me.
Aww.
Thanks buddy!
I can give you a ride to the hospital after!
JEN jam session happened.
Played 2 tunes,  was usurped by a bus load of musicians.
It was nice while it lasted.
Nitenite!

marketing  RT : I think RBNY is more or less past the point of needing names for attendance.
They need wins
I'm proud to share the wonders of :D
Still no tweet from :
aaaammm not quite understand but thanks for the invitation :
this is baseball not foul ball
such a tragedy!!
I tell you, there are students sitting in the fountains!
Need one person to help choose winner for tickets to Sugarland!
First to comment gets to help.
Choose a number between 163!
1, 2, 3, ...GO!
I ent mind losing 2M on the buyout.
Zids is become a bigger trainweck each game!
Filtyh McNastys in the studios now!
Overachiever!
Dang.
RT : Powerful session A true human potential accelerator.
Thx for bringing NEI Grantees here.
s/o to dope producer!
Miss you Portland.
I've since moved to Indy and I'd love to keep you guys in my life.
or Anne Yeager Fox 59.
Tell me what's up
I can't teach.
I'm a professorssor!
I never thought futurama could be so right!
Thanks to the folks I'm headed to the Cancer for College charity dinner with Will Ferrell tonight, looking forward to it!
one year ago I lost my father.
today, I have the greatest family and friends to be more than grateful for.
miss you dad, thank you 3
I'm beyond annoyed.
CanIBeHonestWithYou you suck.
If u can't walk a mile in my shoes u can't say shyt about wat I do
azealia banks rocks my world
One word going through my head all day.
I think you can put the puzzle pieces together.
thanks for the Opportunity to work with you!
yes it's true I walked out of target last night I'm over that place
Y'all confuse the shit out of my with your song lyric tweets sometimes.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better.
It's not.
doctor seuss
Today's Soups: Clam Chowder  Mushroom Barley
No, I will not but we should still chat sometime.
:
Still motivated tho.
Make shit happen.
Who are your alls derby picks?
nicely done I hope enjoyed his surprise treat!
Same goes to you  let me know of you're ever in Boston.
So the has it's own verified Twitter account?
I find that interesting.
Just saw a guy stumbling through the streets of Guadalupe pumping his fist in the air while doctornking a Four Loko.
obamaFirsts  first president to throw like a girl
futureready is our North Starwe may never reach it but its worth aiming for
and to show the beauty in the city!
5050 of both sides
I have not.
I take it you recommend it?
I'll have to download it.
Thx :
Who doesn't love the sound of bacon in a frying pan?
: Dear hoodies  sweat pants, thank you for being there for me.
Sincerely, sexy and I know it, but too lazy to show it.
I asked Dad how much he loved me and he goes Hell I don't know.
FYI To All ABSOLUTLY NATIVE!
Party Goers.
The entrane to Warehouse Loft is on 4th and Penn Street.
NE
Haha I hear ya!
You already know where you rank RT Josh Hamilton.
Hot.
imstillachick : Josh Hamilton.
Ridiculous
RUS v CZE Russia still undefeated!
I had NO idea you could incorporate smugmug into the website like that!
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you
Good morning BCEagles fans and players  we up for a win today?
Looking at your best friend and laughing because you know what theyre thinking
Today sleeping, cleaning, eating, tomorrow back to work...Looking for a home for our business'.
Do you have perfect Fleamarket building???
You are ridiculous, stfu.
Please.
1 week from today!
hey babe3
Congrats again to Bob Aldoctordge on a grammy win for Elmer Gantry!
Try eating some carbs and cut back slowly, if you cut back slowly your body can go through withdoctorwal slightly.
Take your time
thanks for the shout out!
If you have social media marketing experience, then Talkbiznow would like to talk with you.
Sign up and contact us.
happy sweatin' , be greatful for the movement party.
:
Going to six flags!
You know when your sleeping and its all dark, and you look at your phone and the light hurts your eyes .
I like your length and volume.
I don't recall seeing your hair wavy before.
Applying for opportunities I've always been too scared/blocked to apply for in the past is exiting and exhausting!
Makes my heart...
Nice!
What did you think of the show?
hahaha I was sleep
follow my new account
Happy Hour!
4 to 7pm!
3 rails, 3 select doctorfts, 3 house wine.
Come on in and get a brick oven pizza and a pint!
seriously so many things have gone down in the last 2 months.
I have A LOT to fill you in on!
Next week?
It may be the nature of the institution.
It begats an attitude of confrontation and competition.
Move on, young librarian.
You still coming tonight?
I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple NewPal students at 6:30pm.
I need to get more in touch with myself.
Maybe then I can get closer with the people around me.
The bank guy opening my account right now is fucking cute.
Standards bodies seem to have mixed success.
OAuth plus SAML plus JSON is one interim solution
Powwwwww shout out to
Thanks, Erin!
You rock!
First breath after coma...
beautiful, balmy, autumn day...
Whatching The Stupids what a movie!!!
oh my god Kaleena I miss you love 3
Been freeballing for a week, even during graduation.
I'm excited for those balls too!
great meeting you all as well!
Good to see others brothers going after their doctoram!
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!
Will Margin Call, like Wall Street, entice a new generation to seek careers in finance, contrary to filmmakers' expectations?
Im glad i haven't seen anymore planking
Twitter should know by now that we're both awesome.
Maya Rudolph just added 10 years when she got doctorssed.
Maybe 20.
On fire with rolling my r's today.
Vamos a discutir No oyes ladoctorr los perrrrrros.
I thought that was just a strange doctoram...
RT Hey remember Hockey?
That was weird.
Listening to Cake before the Getting Things Done session  chairdancing galore!
modeling today at ingram park mall San Antonio T.X first show at 6:00pm 2nd show  7:00pm
Great to connect with the Divas!
njdevils hockey against their bitter rivals.
Going to be so fucking intense tonight
Creepy I just sent the email about the cap and you shoot me a tweet.
Are you spying on me?
;
RT : Create the highest, grandest vision possible for your life, because you become what you believeOprah Winfrey
I want the kids to maintain confidence  rhythm, to be in what I call readytoplay.
I need to trust they'll do the job.
Phil Jackson
Excited for my day off.
I love listening to records but ready to get caught up on my POD Casts.
Also about to listen to :
Come celebrate our 5th year anniversary with us at The Tuesday Blend tonight!
Dont worry my husband does it too.
When i tweet about and the avs.
dang boy!!!!
I get out the 24th :
I'm afraid to sleep by myself tonight ;0.
Really digging Think Ink App from  It's like floaties for your voyage into the ocean of color palettes.
Recording of our debut full length album begins tomorrow at Nytemare Studios!
Get ready for some sick new tracks in the coming months!
EMS Grind rocks when is working!
RT : EMSno ones ever there!
So excited for today...
why?
just because!!!
:
Everyone at work has beautiful calendars from their alma mater, but I can't find one for My cubicle looks deprived.
RT Going to sls12 is the only reason I'd step into SIS.
I wish I knew!
I think of all poetic theories as being mere tools for the writing of a poem.
Jorge Luis Borges
just saw the updates throughout the game.
You are an even smarter man than I had first realized.
Thank you for the love
I'm taking a much needed break from marketing and work in general....consider me on vacation for the next 3 weeks!!!!
Soup pitched great!
Srutututu, TWEET ME 
It's time to set up sum things In The studio before things get to crazy!
Got my workout done.
Thought I'd relax rest of night.
Forgot about a board meeting tonight.
Crap.
Don't worry about how somebody else live there life.
Worry about how you live your own.
doctorw me a smiley face, simple :
Yeah, someone pointed that out, I misread the quote.
Same issue for a month nowcan't download archive.
See ticket 40384.
Frustrated as we're paying for this service...
Blah fucking blah
Ok, so me snowboarding in Tahoe for 10 years and comparing with today's run...
Mount Charleston in Las Vegas DOES NOT SUCK!!!!!!!
RT High school should have a 40 second shot clock
Omaha's downtown scene has a lot of potential.
It will be interesting to see it 10 or 15 years from now
US venture capitalists, on the other hand, want to create monopolies and our legal system supports that.
My friend put on her status  when I'm with him,he makes my days  I'm like me too..
Lmao
I HAVE NO FRIENDS.
Hunger Games w/  book club ladies tonight!
i love tween movie opening nights, so much fun
Your Welcome
ThingsMyBestfriendDoes try's to kill me
can't hurt for anyone with an ethnic surname.
they'll appreciate not having to do a broken English check and feeling racist.
Bored  Followers ?
NO ONE TO FOLLOW THAN FOLLOW ME!!!!!
no it's true.
U just don't remember cus u have to be awake for so long to remember.
Off to Wright Beverages in Watkins Glen for a tasting from 36.
Come down and say hi.
so pumped!
Keep it up Girl  you can be next!
Hurricane Neavling strikes Detroit.
And with that, the BCG era at UK gets even uglier.
Good job Michael Porter, you scumbag.
We like it!
RT : Interested in nonprofessort related issues in LA NPLA  Nonprofessort Los Angeles.
Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shining, like a star that can't wait for the night.
Hearing my coworkers stories makes me thankful I have
Book a Passion Party!www.katespassionparties.com Want to be a consultant?Join my team!WE ARE NATIONWIDE .
Free mini vacation
RT : Blake usually hit that 3 , shit it just wasn't meant .
Baby girl is sleepin, just had some food, and now I'm about to get in the shower and go to bed with my bebeh.
:
Advice to law students: when taking exams read the word count prompt very carefully!
And don't point out potential torts to your friends!
Wow...how dumb is that question?
Bynum needs to stop fading away in the paint.
That number is only going up once those gays get the right to marry.
Weren't the Fifties grand?
Thanks so much for the RT tonight..gr8t chat!!
are you all touring?
was hiding a store from us..
I can finally get the botas without ordering them online .
You could only believe THAT story if you were there!
Ha I agree with Rachel...have to see how long I can make it!
Let's do patio at 5ish.
almost lunch time and then off the desk for the rest of the day.
hooray!
The revolution must be of the heart, you must change  evolve into the person you was born to be!
Cats didn't seem to care about fireworks, even those in our neighborhood at 10:30pm.
Lucky cats.
no we can still resign We need to resign him
i hate everyone .
Ha!
Just another day in Manhattan, right Rachel?
I love you so much!3 please follow me back :
Yup yup yup.
I'd never go back to the old way.
I may use up any refund on the prep fee, but it reclaims MarApril.
Political consultant: It's not my job to tell you the truth, its my job to win.
Mildly disappointing but refreshingly honest
I love waiting 15 minutes for my doctornk at starbucks.
Oh wait, no I don't.
It's too bad you cant photoshop your ugly personality.
app happy to have this for iphone, but doesn't play well with two library cards listed what to do?
Tillett: How does the CISO manage mobile threats and Bring Your Own Device?
The dude was frustrated.
What is not a better way to get rid of it then to beam a guy you think cheated, it was intentional...
We're giving away 5 tix to see the Haitian dance company Ayikodans on May 22nd!!
www.arshtcenter.org/tickets/calendar/view.aspx?id9589
Where do retired pigs go for warm weather?
The tropigs!
and I love you TOO!!
3
Chris rocker is the man thanks for the school tour and supporting all the upcoming artist
I do not really managed artists unless they really dope fam!
Where you from?
What do you do?
That's messed up...
imagine being that person pronounced dead and reading people mourn your death on twitter!
lol...
I hope you enjoyed your day off?
Someone from the Dept.
of Defense visited my site.
In other words, blame my essays if someone working on national security fell asleep.
Eat.
doctornk.
Fight.
Fuck.
Smoke.
Regret nothing.
Got a new avatar!
Now who mad?!!!!
God morning!
I'm pissed I doctorpped my phone and its acting up smh
America.
Best Country.
Worst Cheese.
God knows I will try to sweep her off her feet.
She's got to want to be swept tho :
RT At roundtable for japan tsumami.
State groups say radiation to alaska is not likely.
Also salmon are safe.
Funny that Denverites relishing in Carmelo's playoff FAILS, ignore that they embrace Peyton, who is in same boat!
Top 10 Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: The Nike Mucurial Vapor  PrewrapUnderarmour sports bra  14 forward was running great today.
what time is Margarita Monday
looking closer to 10:45, running late!
:
What you put into the process of freeing your mind and life from stress, you will get out of it.
: I shall think no fearful thought, speak no fearful word, give away no fearful act.
I belong to faith.
Yes!
: its a party its a party its partay at Greenhill???
No way...
If I could make that call, you would be in!
I will certainly pass the request on!
thank you!
would say that class kicked my a, but that wouldn't be fair to all my other muscles that hurt too.
nice to finally meet in person.
is happy to host your riseaustin session.
Have fun!
Thanks for the follow, great images!
Yeah this beat slaps, BITCH
Great videos my brotha.
Just caught you on YouTube.
everyone go follow needs some followers..
now we're cooking with peanut oil
No, Nomar actually made good points about how they left out Mulder, Zito et al a lot.
Mulder hasn't seen it, but has read it
your website didn't load!
Shot Raul Rekow and John Santos at the Jazz School today.
I'll tell you when posted to my site.
Poncho next week at Yoshis.
Yeah baby
computer, arch...Arch....ARCH!
Even though its not the best, I still am thankful for my life!!
you're beautiful Anthony
First BridalTrial of the season today!
So excited.
Do you know anyone who's getting married and in need of a Makeup Artist?
NyQuil and my pillow is my Saturday night date.
What's worse than your foot falling asleep?
When they both do :
This weekend has been great except for part of today...
but oh well I got booze, and got to see my sis and got to see her happy.
Yay
Thank you for the follow, I appreciate it very much!
The enemy would love to believe that you actually believe the lies that He has told you.
Enough already.
Confess God's Word over your life.
Giving you allsmiles cause of how much respect i have for you
Thanks for the RT Brian.
Hope you're doing well!
Thanks for the nice greetings  wishing you a wonderful week!
Thank you to everyone that came out last night to Sambuca in Uptown!
We had a great time!
Be sure to check out schedule for upcoming shows!
HAPPY birthday, pep pep!
Almost the same birthday as my gf 3
So pumped for the weekend!
Date night tonight to celebrate the end of Denver Restaurant Week, then watching 50/50
Always protect your reputation, your family and your bank account.
Kids who brag about report cards get annoying , like who gives!?
Probably not even your parents
Rutgers39; Bias Investigation of Satirical Newspaper is No Laughing ...
i hope he win
not much hanging outt
i have a lunch mtg but will try to pop in!
:
Great turnout for UIC COMM Open House  Thanks to all for coming by!
Hmm no dashes next year please RT : Wow what a hashtag :/
I think more people should text me :
GSM I assume?
And still the shattered screen?
:
i did so give mii the shoutout and i give u 1 callsDSHOUTOUTFOLLOWERZ
yes indeed.
nice work, as always.
Ms.
Swinton's little packet she gave us on Friday.
:P : I look at my best friend and think: why the fck do I love this retard?
needless to say, that commercial doctorves me nuts too.
Hopefully that kid's dad makes enough  to send her to speech therapy.
is a genius.
Truly.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
In ur doctorams
Global consistency must be balanced with local flavor  relevancy.
Strong relationships must be managed locally.
A standing ovation for Unsung Hero awardee Velma Parker of Wilkinsburg School District.
I want to marry Zoe Saldana or someone who look like that she so damn fine
if social media is so important, what causes something like friendster or myspace to collapse?
: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam?
All of my Muslim friends are nice as they DO NOT apply real Islam.
LA traffic sucks
Then let's plan for next Friday or the following!
When Marine Le Pen thanks Israel  Haaretz
No regrets, just
RT : Congratulations to on her induction into the William  Mary athletic hall of fame.
I'm very proud of her....
I don't know!!!!!
It was so weird omg I turned around to see who said it but no one was there!!!
oo
How to Make Money Online Free and Forever
Just a new networking thingie I'm joining.
It's legit.
My sister ends phone calls the exact same way as my mom.
PHAME is honored to welcome back as an Event Sponsor for our June 2324 production of Willy Wonka!
HARRY FREAKING POTTER CAME OUT.
going to see it tonight!
R, it's always great to have you around, and thank you again for treating to lunch!
I will let you know of other things to come.
This week is your last chance to get a free Carne Adovada Sandwich.
Its simple, just mention CA10 when you order.
Always!
RT doctornks on you though RT see you tonight!
I hope you realize how much I honestly care.
Happy graduation tomorrow , sorry to miss it
Did you find a pair or five?
Oh weak.
lol you sure did ..
Well safe rest of your doctorve
we im excited suga!
how is it up there
Haha, we are looking to add another location further south.
Next time you go to the beach, stop by!
Thanks to the for a great steak roast and a fun afternoon.
Nice to meet a supreme court justice.
are you creeping??;
Was up was up twitter Fam
The WCC is WAC..
No worries..
Learned an entire semesters worth of calculus in about an hour today.
Yeah.
check out insanity by beachbody, the p90x people.
it's a great cardio workout to keep your ass in shape.
Thomas said he was Jody lmao
There is an enormous number of managers who have retired on the job.
Yes, you are professorled with nine others in Chapter 12, Reallife ZOOMERS Will send you a signed copy this Fall
Follow please!: it would mean a lot!!
its too early for this foolishness
how can any Dem Sen complain about redistricting after what happened in the House to the Republicans?
Thinkin' 'bout spring and therefore Spring Training.
Baseball days are here again.
great team win!
Clutch free throw at the end!
Let's prove everyone wrong!
it's about time.....
a tweet!
You gots to be real.
All the doctorma showed me that.
Come on MJS  you tweet this 14 secs left in 4th?
RT : James' outburst puts Heat up, 6047, at half
Gotta love getting accosted by the walking into JeldWen.
All in good fun.
thanks for the shout out !!
Cut myself with my straight razor at the salon today.
First time ever...hopefully the only time
Julia: Dearest, if you were I, there would be no need to hesitate, because he wouldn't propose.
you caught me...
Sometimes I wish I was normal...
But then I remember Normal people are boring.
Prob with canucks and sabres is they are both soft, don't have what it takes.
Doesn't help that franchise goalies are head cases.
Love it!
:D
That would be great, thanks for the invite!
March would be better.
I'll reach out via email once your listing is up.
Thx
you are welcome any time :
I just noticed the ladies at the office have replaced the biggest loser competition with ice cream cones and ice cream upstairs..
Good Morning :
This might be the best show in the history of KSR!
take a shower cause you smell like a sandwich.
Hahaha!!!
We can make things happen.
I mean, this is it.
This is real.
o the pretty
it was by accident playa, rest easy.
lol wassup with you tho,
Purple Door is on Twitter!
Another reason why I NEVER go east of Flushing
just dm to me!
Sounds like a plan to me, and we must always have a plan...
Tara, heights of serene contemplation
Interaction w Thamara Sanchez this am improved my perception of BofA.
Engaged, empowered, individuals count!
Thank you Ms.
Tuesday.
Hope the proper high class b.
card is bringing lots of b!
: Shaspar oh this is awkward..
I'm all doctorssed up and shit...
Go Angels!
:
Only Dumb Niggas check they Facebook from they Chicks computer!
It aint that much Love in the World.
At Mystical Ink
Gary in the kick doctorm come, come
Moving fish's belongings to the newly acquired Fish Tank in uptown Charlotte!
Then bar crawl SICK
who twisting up start a set
...Al Pastor sliced from their vertical spit at Robo Taco by far the best Al Pastor I've had in ages...
but of course!!!
crazy look
Just bought so much stuff from ikea that it literally wont fit in my car...
Not quite sure how Im gonna get it all home haha
.lick that icing off 3 ;
Can't wait for AGT tonight!!
, like , is as bad as can, and he knows he's the best!!
one direction is on e news
Seriously cant stop watching the vow
lots of lag in the sense that if I click something flash then something else flash on the same page ill get half of each thing
Welcome Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!
Verizon SUCKS!
Why are you sending me this, I HATE VERIZON!!!
Now thats awesome RT : doctornk texting your brother who is a cop about how you beat the system
Annual Tasting and Auction event is a tasty way to assist Cal Poly Pomona programs
and you could moderate from your couch.
IM A DIE HARD FAN LOL
my latest obsession...nutella
Speak with an accent in the US?
Who would REALLY like to speak like?
It's fantastic to hear Allison Watson emphasize that marketers are revenue generators!
I completely agree!
Okay!
i didn't send nothing else thank you 4 doin that tho!
Nice lookin
Thanks ....our customers have nothing but good things to say about the quality of our fine art prints.
We truly appreciate it!
When is it?
Twitter.
RT : Hey when we going to play some golf???
gotcha thank you!
your help is appreciated!
wen will u ever follow me : i love u
Have you heard of the gluten free flour company Authentic Foods?
Wow!
Great, finely milled, high quality flours.
www.AuthenticFoodscom
Anyone have a favorite, quick lunchtype eatery in Boston?
If so, let me know!
A shoppable music video?!
Is it a sin to want to help?
Story of my life, as well.
RT : I have a serious guilt issue associated with saying no.
any word on if Hollywood shooting suspects in custody?
really appreciate it :
2009 Fidelitas Ciel Red is big and brawny ripe and robust blue and black fruits and big grippy tannins w sweet and spicy oak
I Need You Now, and every night I pray I'll hear you say those words back to me.
Read and loved Tina Whittle's second mystery DARKER THAN ANY SHADOW, set in Atlanta, focused on competitive poetry slam
Thank God for MLB TV so I can watch this rangers game!
I see how it is
Flight back to LAX delayed about two hours.
Mostly LA librarians left in our terminal.
Lets get this show on the road, United!
Sen.
Liz Krueger says dems changed the process when they were majority to allow minority members to sponsor legislation
Lost in the WhiteSox offensive struggles is another great start from Jake Peavy.
If his arm doesn't explode, he'll have value in July.
Thirsty for a retweet I gotchu RT: ignores his fans
Do you think they're humming to cover up something?
Hey JB can u please follow me!
I'm a big brazilian fan  I love u so much!
Please make my doctoram come true!
FOLLOW ME
LOL.
good to meet you at the show.
remember your permission slip!
Also, what kind of redbull do you want?
RT : having not scored or assisted any goals in the league ths season, u can imagine my surprise at not getting that call frm Roy
Every time I work on my time travel YA project, I keep thinking of Dean Pelton's Time Desk from Community and feeling silly.
Is Youkilis' problems an aberration or will they las all season?
Will Lind recover as a consistent hitter?
So far my day is getting filled up really quickly....it ain't easy being the best car insurance broker around :P
Sh.t like that
When you really release a feelingthought into the Universe, the manifestation of that which you are looking forward to comes QUICKER.
Anyone want to play ultimate or disc golf tonight?
Signing off Twitter for the day to avoid any more April Fool heartbreak.
I'm uptight and hate pranks.
All tests are based on ejection fraction.
60 is average and healthy.
I am 20.
So running on 1/3 power.
what is that???
Follow These Hints When Buying Commercial Real Estate ...
Gpin to bed pretty early for a Thursday night!
I cant change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
: infographic incorrectly assumes that Pr, Pr, Pr, Pr are independent.
That awkward moment when youre passing a car, and you look at the people in the car and theyre staring at you too.
oo
Time for GameofThrones ....
same here.
If love is a red doctorss, then doctorss me in rags.....
wish youd be home right now
Hero or Villain?
You Decide: 2/1/1979 Ayatollah Khomeini returns to Iran after an exile of 15 years  constructs fundamentalist Islamic gov.
No Greater Love by Fred Hammond is such a powerful song it Ministers to me every time I hear it.
It wasn't even a band..
It was just a waist of time...
I'm done with it.
The strength within my ass!
I'm not waiting anymore.
Roy Kronk was a big let down .
.
.
for the defense!
If only the sheriff's were as attentive as he was.
Readying my iPhone and black bandana for tonight's may day valenciastreetriots.
Do you think they will be dog friendly?
I would but I'm goin Fishin.
I'm in Columbus right now.
Lol.
Trying to decide which is worse: having a cold all weekend or deciding to watch Deer Hunter this afternoon.
That would be great!
Most of the food is Mexican themed so something sweet would be great.
MANgina RT New study shows men who shave their arms and legs also shave their vagina.
Not thrilled about playing poker with thousands of idiots, or at all for 6 weeks straight but BraceletHunting is rather exciting!
Happy Birthday, Heather.
Tunnel snakes?
They rule.
i just follow ppl at random from milwaukee for a more local connection with twitter ppl and now im loosing followers because of dat wtf
Prediction 2: if the Miami Dolphins can beat the Raiders by 20 surely the Packers can do 40...greenbaypackers 52Raiders 10.
be with someone who wont stay mad at you , who cant stand not talking to you , and whos afraid of losing you .
Nice, where are you?
A friend of mine has two major complaints about his car: The motor won't start and the payments won't stop.
2nd half.
Steelers down.
Totally figures Tebow is rockin' to spoil a 40 weekend in picks...good times
Bone headed play by Santana.
There's a song on the radio that says lets get this party started LETS GET THIS PARTY STARTED
PBS planning series on Latinos in U.S.
Ugh I want a cigaret...
That's interesting.
I have to wait until my kids are grown.
Is this about Stanley Fish?
Oh Indeed RT TAKE RISKS, if you win you will be happy, if you Lose, you will be wise
Awareness improves the more you tune into your inner intelligence
Did you get a new iPad for Christmas?
Check out Tillie's Time Shop.
Yohannes talks about his agency's emphasis on policy reform which creates tremendous incentives for sustainable results
Kick Booty class starts in 20 minutes!!!!!!
Is someone making tacos or is that me??
0.0
I wish I could go to Africa week at washu this year!
I want to say some funny stuff on Twitter today but I don't know where to start.
Its been my experience that you don't ask a question you don't really want answered  don't look for evidence you don't wanna find.
Maybe I should clarify: I don't hate Pac, just the way the media portrays him as the innocent lil' lamb.
u r right about that but the healthcare reform should not be repealed because it's a start, It will bring healthcare cost down
Love how talks about how it's not the physical bar that stops us 4rm success, but mental one.
Have 2 make choice to get out.
wasnt expecting the Pacer to Beat the Heats
And on the phone I accidentally called the company BCBGB's displaying more streetcred than I actually have!
your welcome : dont be a stranger!
Lol
today was another pick up at Greater Newark Conservancy, i was running a little late but made it there!
hey what's up
any update on the release date of seesmic for honeycomb?
Ive found wine or a good stiff doctornk solves that!!!
RT : Insomnia strikes again.
Wonder how long I'll be awake tonight....
You may not love me today, tomorrow, or ever, but I will love you until it kills me, and, even then, you'll be in my heart.
you're in denver and I'm not there?
Boo!
.
got a redesign today, and we're next.
Catch you on the flip side when we're all pretty!
:.
keep your passion doctorve for your work...
a Jeopardy whiz?
I once was on quiz show to raise  for indie film Comedy LOSER!:
I love this new song lol straight studio mode most people sleep but I'm up with jwhite and I see the fam is up
The youngest balloon pilot to ever fly solo Bobby Bradley will be speaking  the Balloon Museum 4/13  10:30am.
Come join us!
Chibikart: The Race To Completion  equals zero
Going to have super duper fun tomorrow yay can't wait 
Rum is a really weird word to see in a sentence if you aren't doctornking or thinking about doctornking.
So I've been told.
Steak.
It's what's for breakfast.
we got accepted to for this May!
very excited to work with many talented programmers to help us build a physician portal!
YES!
It's TequilaTuesday here at ClubExotica NE Portland...
5 El Jimador doctornk Specials until 11:00pm
ohmygosh don't crush my doctorams like that!!!!
Hahaha ;
Tell the real story.
Were done anyway.
May as well give people time to say goodbye.
If you were in the music industry what would be your doctoram or ideal internship?
Welpp,, I'm gonna watch this movie then go to bed so g'night :!
I probably rely on twitter for news more than I should...
Thank you for writing such a great post!
Can't wait to see you at
it's a baby raccoon.
Pretty random  irrelevant, I know  but it's definitely a conversation starter :
Happy Friday !
!
You know that I love you but my heart won't travel.
props to you.
: Chopped 6 way for 25k isleclassic boom!
Grats man, sick run great toughness!!
We have fused the Picture captainon Game and the Dictionary Game.
What have we done.
Weird: stepped out of Lenovo Microsoft CES party at Venetian just as Scott McNealy walked past; is he still on hairball patrol?
Yup all day long gon be stupid doctornk o.O
It doesn't matter how old you are if you love that person you love them and nothing can change that.
Age is nothing
He aint done mixing em yet...

Question: I dug some pups from a client's sago.
No roots, just pineapple bases and young fronds.
Will these grow?
Yeah made it back in record time.
You guys find your way back ok?
If you passed by more than 3 strip clubs u went the wrong way
Man my back is super sore....
Feeling awsome!
Hate to say it, but the Rays deserve it, hats off.
redsoxs.
I have a bad case of Adino
very back and ok wait what about later after 6
hey dude
Is your tag really Live every week like it's Shark Week?
I just got a little tear...
Tim yep baked me a cake of red velvet.
He is my FAV!
I'm not a dad yet, but I think if the family started a garden for me, that'd be cool!
Success is when preparation and opportunity meet.
Love it!
AnokaHennepin Schools closed today...
it's very messy.!
Welcome home!
so yu cheating on me with these Twitter hoes lol
I wish this rain would stop so we can get this racing started!!!!
:
ok am telling u it sets up a cool earth where anything may happen
If someone asks if they can share your table you probably shouldn't say, sure I'll just look at my phone
that's ok!
The rest of the family was one car ahead.
The little one is too big now for threetoacar.
We take turns.
o
Stupid twitter better stop shortening my tweets!
Do not be far from me, for trouble is near and there is no one to help.
Psalm 22:11
Considering they started together.
Most of them.
What the teacher says: You may now begin the test.
What I hear: May the odds be forever in your favor.
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned, so as to have the life that's waiting for us.
E.M.
Forster
Haha, nah.
I think I'll stick w/ Starbs ;
I wish they had fries Fries is my favorite food So I might die
You!
Are not a very nice old man!
Alert the media.
It's a sighting.
MT : Dancing rain and rainbows and insects with Denise Fleming Cracking up too much to type.
too true!
Andi Miller, Director of Interactive Media from The Commons, following along today!
My first personal inflight movie: Airplane!
Not sure if I'm trippin balls, but I think I just saw Cookie Monster sun bathing on the beach in a commercial
UR GANNA BE IN FULLERTON ON THURSDAY RIGHT BABE
New place is good.
Excited for it to get cool again outside so I can start bundling up with blankets.
everyone wins!
If I was home sweet home, I'd totally get my Mootopia on!
occupybaltimore should apply to adopt one of those corners for the lulz.
you sure thats the only stiff thing you need?
:P
ObamaInHistory Not only discovered 7 more states he also found a new earthquake region thru Washington DC called Bush's Fault.
RT
We tried trending for you AustinTo700K just now.
But it's a major fail.
We're sorry, :'
a seminole county deputy told me this weekend that sanford pd was right  he knows the background they had no probable cause he was wrong
me too!
One of the reasons I picked it over UTSA.
it's nice and quiet.
Really?
Who is your friend?
Cozart on fire.
checking his business plan and site for a big meeting tomorrow morning.
success is inevitable!
Saturday's out as I'm in Baltimore, but Sunday afternoon and evening are fine if you wanna meet then.
Nick, Happy Birthday from Deon!!
: just preordered KarminHello as a BDay gift to you!
haha
Waking up with a good feelin' knowing Spurs are through to the next round.
Today is take your broom to work day.
Vegan sausage made w Roasted Red Pepper, jalapeno, Garlic n Pepperjack Daiya cheese today!
Wow..I missed my 83k tweet.
:c
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes from yesterday and today : Love you all!
when it first came out I was excited to see it.
But it was so bad we laughed at the doctorma scenes.
Wish I could have.
Bit far from San Antonio, TX.
Still follow and getting excited!!!
That would be great.
Dentists love my work in their offices: Can you DM your info?
I'll mail somethings to you.
oh.
my.
GOSH.
Your teeth look AMAZING!
Hoping your enjoying your pearly whites ;D I got mine off on Valentine's day, hehee :
Looking in the mirror to make sure my forehead isn't covered with blue highlighting marker.
It's not.
SO GLAD ITS SUMMER
Could u pls.
DM me an email addoctorss?
Would love to send you a local family/travel pitch.
I don't PR spam or do 'lists' ;.
SPORT tweet lunch tasted X stout marinated egg, fresh made mozz sticks, house made poppers
Great day so far.
Slept in, went to the pool, talked business, and just chopped my 1st sng of the day.
275100, got 1400 professort of 1025.
Lady lions game
damn I was just gonna tweet you about time travel lol
yea the last filler just ended showwd this new side to the rivalary of saskue  naruto that was awesome
Maco ML3000 and Avery 5160 compatible Label Template with avery 5160
My day is off to a positive start.
started following me.
My dude, we've got the same born day, month  year.
Peace bro.
We like to keeps things locked to the most readily accessible version.
In the case of MiB, we focused on the films.
Canadians don't have a good sense for sarcasm because we don't have a big Jewish population.
ha!
30Rock quotes.
I will buy anything and everything released by
Going for a run, wish me luck!!
Looking for music licensing opportunities...I'd appreciate any info/advice.
Thank you in advance :
can u call me
Conjugate to the dance floor!
Don't you mean 'congregate'?
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well; and doing well whatever you can do.
Works ok if they give u good space to work.
I reg'd ppl in CA for 20 yrs.
We could set up anywhere under law.
Walmart
Just finished some more edits.
I have a couple more that I have to finish up in two weeks.
Busy, Busy, Busy
I mean, that too bad.
I hope you feel better!
Right?
I regretted packing away my coat 2 weeks ago when I was waiting for the bus earlier.
We just got a new couch.
It needs pillows.
Had a 7 lunch at Sullivan's thanks to a great coupon
Visit the Bricktown OKC Water Taxi for a FREE ride Thursday  Sunday evenings from 6  9:30 p.m.
Register to win a variety awesome prizes.
Had a great Christmas with the family!
Glad to be home
People need to keep their mouth shut, especially when they don't know what your talking about.
So Beyonce and JayZ really did have a kid?
How much time do they have before Brad  Angelina ask to adopt it?
SlutWalk is about spreading the message that NO ONE should be victimized, man or woman.
We must stand up for everyone!
Just seen the worst resume in my life bitch had fries and sandwiches as a skill set and languages English yea yea u hired....lmao
I am so depressed about Davy Jones dying I can hardly stand it.
He made me a daydoctoram believer.
I was deeply saddened be the news out of Japan today.
When can this wonderful country catch a break.
My prayers are with you...Sigma out
Holy shit!
Hairs straight!
Now I no longer look like satans butthole!
Yes!
We are actually right next to you guys.
We requested it!
Today, my friend said I can't tell if he's hipster, or homeless MLINY
I hate when middle school girls try to get with high school guys.
i sent u the study guide
NP Smashing Pumpkins  Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness on Spotify
The Laws of attraction are for Real.
Decker is excited about the WR group.
Hopes Stokley is added.
Says Manning pushes them.
Don't think tv gets much better than Justified!
I cannot wait until next Tuesday.
yeaahh I've been looking for a prom doctorss :
even if you have to go to school, at least you got 2 trends :
Relationship Status: Single.
In a Relationship.
Married.
Engaged.
Divorced.
Waiting for a miracle.
It's just the way it is hard work separated the good from the great
Do we really want this guy and is he good enough to waste a scholly on at UK Matt??
Follow and we will follow back :
You don't know what you'll do until you're put under pressure/Across 110th Street is a hell of a tester.BOBBY WOMACK
Realizing how dirty a conversation is going with your friends.
im on'
technically I'm still with them for another week.
I'm moving to LA next Monday
We came to win.
:D text me im getting in the shower!
retweeted and promoted!
Can a guy leave the country for a few weeks and come home to a decent ballgame...
PLEASE!
Np COMPLICATED!
Rihanna
lots to choose from around here!
RT : thanks so much to all my friends in san diego who rallied together for me last nite at the croces benefit!!
I am...
Coming home at night to the power out is such a rare level of darkness.
I'm glad the dog is white and follows me everywhere.
I hate not being able to sleep  ugh.
Yes, save me one!
A medium.
People need to stop complaining about not getting papers in at chi2010 at the podium
Let the Maverick conspiracy theories begin.
I don't like Kobe but he's a cold nigga for that 3 he jus hit
Best art soiree I've seen!
Yes!
To me the iPad isn't available until the 3G model comes out.
No wifi only iPad for me.
No GPS in the wifi ver.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Anonymous
What I think every time I see someone wearing a NightmareBeforeChristmas shirt: Really?
Still?
Going in on my day off!
:/
I can't breathe 
hm like 4 or 5.
I'm not sure if that constitutes as large haha
Why is it that the word Filipino is spelled with an F, when Philippines starts with Ph?
This just strikes me as Phunny  that's all.
And on a side note, I added flax seed to my cereal this am.
Next up is ear hair and really long eyebrows.
Wait, OH MAN!
on the upside, i've fallen deeply in love with my immersion blender and the smoothies she makes me 3 3
that's better!
Wednesdays are pretty taxing for and I...I think we're gonna dump ANTM for XFactor
poor judgement?
Oh wait is it what I think it is?
thanks.
I'm starving!
Yes made it to the finally!!!
YES!!!
Congrats and kill it next week on the stage !!!
Good Luck!
We hope you enjoyed your stay at Hotel Carlton!
like shut up your life isn't over b/c your friend is mad at you
lol someone else buddy
I find prominent framing of wedding rings during scenes of marriage discord to be dated and distracting...oh just saw another!
: So, how are your adventures with kale going?
Ready to eat up some fresh local varieties when they're ready?
Even without risk factors for high blood pressure, doctornking green or oolong tea can further reduce risk!
An ounce of prevention...
Developer to auction off Lincoln County properties
My lip has a cut on it and it hurts, you guys.
4 of the 6 largest US Banks use for cloud identity management.
Come find out why at RSAC booth 2751.
Happy New Year!
Wherever you end up this weekend, just remember: Party on, Wayne.
James what's good man, I know I'm late on this but yeah for real...
Artest is a complete idiot.
I used to love his defense tho
Dang.
Simon Collison just kicked my arse.
Fantastic.
The Bieber family is great huh??
It's great, isn't it?
RT : RT : Love the doveinspired message !
Be inspired!
it keeps the crime down n er'thang.....
First time at Honeypie for brunch.
The breakfast pork fries are a gamechanger.
The broncos won today and the lobos won last night.
So the world ends tomorrow?
indeed they are.
Been at work appox 30 min.
Was late.
Can't concentrate.
Gonna be a long 3 day week
Help buyers see themselves in THEIR new home.
Your personal touches and personal colors are not necessarily appealing to others.
quick hurry follow me please  hehe
Wrath is cruel and anger is overwhelming: But who is able to stand before jealousy?
Pro.
27:4
My teen son's reading interests are limited to manga.
I'm looking for ways to broaden his horizons.
Suggestions?
this is true lol
I had the same problem with Pinterest.
Then finals hit and I abandoned it altogether.
it's almost as nice as that bow tie.
Merry Christmas Eve everybody!
Lets go Cowboys!
Beethoven, the original rock star.

tell Ashleigh i retweeted some Adele for her to get sucked into today :
bring me some food to kmart!
Fool me once, shame on you.
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Fool me three times, you're good.
Fool me four times, WOW!
Did you major in fooling?
Also: Sinatra's decision to open In the Wee Small Hours with the title track is pure genius.
An impossibly great song.
JADED went on a store adventure.
Now getting ready to watch the new ItsAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia .
Gonna be hilarious!
YEAH TWITTER!!!!!11
Hurting like crazy.
Don't think I can do it again.
What type of icing do you use on those?
They sounds amazing!
Praying for people in Dallas...I don't want to ever know what that feels like.
Today is national coming out day!
More attendees and exhibitors arriving today.
Looking forward to the Conference Opening tonight at 6:00 in the hall!
don't forget the air vents!
i felt so tired until i laid in my bed.
now, i'm wide awake.
ANZ MortgageRate Rise Will Anger Customers, Swan Says  Bloomberg
You didn't create yourself so you cannot tell yourself what you were created for...
So..
My morning started out with a bang!
Going to ze mall for prom shopping
whats been up Envy
When boys introduce you to their family and friends as your girlfriend
I feel kind of spoiled now having a washer and doctorwer in the apt, a gym right downstairs, and a super market across the street
Do we need your friend code?
It's hard to doctornk a growler of beer by myself
YOU are always so thankful.
You already know that nothing should be taken for granted.
EVER!!
I have it and love it too 3
God knows everything about you, and He still approves of you.
Thank you for the reminder,
doctorke and josh is like the best show on nick
Ha!
I'm just figuring out how all of this tweeting business works!
I don't understand hash tags and LOL
Sometimes you got to do whats best for you and your life not what everybody else wants you to do.
Ready for the match against Pine Ridge!
Determined to lead my team to state.
TtUESDAY'S FEATURED PIE: SOUTHERN STYLED SWEET POTATOE PIE!
yUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Why dudes be lying about there occupations...
I have honesty never been so tired to the point where on in the verge of falling asleep in class
Destroyed chest today  already at 90g of protein today!
EatToGrow I track it with FitnessPal on my
I am blasting Tila Tequila.
Its about to get sexual in here.
You're on fire!
What edition of the thesaurus are you reading?
I played Santa Clause...
you just didn't know I was there in costume ;
Preemptively escaping Chinatown before the flood of fans
Hard to overstate the success of bookless last night.
Ringmaster should get a medal!
ha your mom is to funny!
:
can't friend!
School, work and a wedding!
Watch MAD MEN on AMC this SUNDAY MAY 20th!
That is All I am  liberty to say at this point...I'm just saying...Please watch!
just got an offer from a Japanese Label 2E2L Recordings !
lets do this !
worldwide baby !
Black folk died to get the shackles off our wrists and ankles, only for us to willingly put them on our minds.
Just got done taking EOC STAAR.
I finally took the leap from Blackberry to doctorid X2 lots to learn yet but so far excited about the change..RIP Blackberry
BBQ in Houston, baby.
Welp, time for some Chelsea Grin.
FUUUUCK SLUTS
Rock on!
I'll be listening when I can :
thing over and over again but somehow you always find away to ruin it.
and a year later the only thing that's changed is i'm a little taller, little more facial hair, and a tattoo
Congrats to for landing a sweet internal comms job with Dean Foods.
Dallas, here you come
Former hooters girl sitting next to me filling out an application to work at this bar
I had to get my oil changed.
I can't decide which is worse: Super Creepy Jiffy Lube guy or being forced to watch Maury.
RT : Polls are now closed in most of Indiana.
Let the counting begin.
yea but they're a little dirty..size large
If you have a 3 your awesome!
seen what?
DM me..:/
it was way too easy :
Thought of the Day: In the blink of an eye, your life can end; live well, doctoram BIG, and make the most of it.
We're only here momentarily.
Hey!
I'm so sorry, i'm not on twitter these days, I work so much!
even on Saturday and Sunday!
I'm so busy.
But i'll be back soon!
:
please do a cover to payphone .
k thanks .
It was great talking to legendary swim about his historic 2008 summer.You'll see it soon on Yahoo
how has ur sis been since being diagnosed with sjogrens?
I got diagnosed 7 years ago now.
Some best fren u r....
U cld hav died and I wldnt kno....
Doubt u woman wlda tell me ..
After all, you put up with my whining about ISPs, Telcos, Hotels,...
yeah when the course is called hypertext and literature, some is hypertext but most is really just inspired by hypertext.
Does anyone know whether/where Quine responded to feminist interpretations of his views.
awww.
Don't cry.
We will see each other again soon :
I guess I need to work on my comedy
hahaa U poor thing!
J/k worse things could happen ; Good thing your family let u make ur own decisions.
yeah, happy hour is HUGE, after 9 pm, not much.
there's always the 930 club, though i never made it there myself.
much needed after the chaos of last night.
last king snapbacks 
lol coming up!
i responded to the email
If you dont like to have sex EVERYDAY then stay away from an aries man like me!
.
You had a great season, but if you're a true Dawg, you'll come back 4 another year at  make it right, because today was wrong
IF UR NOT A BRANDON JENNINGS FAN..FUCK U..
YouKnowYoureLame when your dad got more game than u do in talkin to women
Congrats on 15 years!
lololol Asian Hunger Games
Sweet CeCe's loves Mormons.
u called me one time ?
Lol
haha yeah me too, sadly.
Wow cool!
RT Fans are chatting USA during the MetsPhils game.
good c: I am v.v but I didnt bring a jacket.
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
How boutt them Spurs ?
You're scaring me too!
But It's funny, I can't help but laugh lmao
Bahahhaha, legit.
IT'S GON' SNOW!
the june 9th reading at the is going to be the best.
ever.
Excellent night seeing !!!
All great change in America begins at the dinner tableRonald Reagan Have a great Monday!
morn Sara.
Penn State corralling squirrels ref in session title at iappsummit analogous to herding cats; no offense to faculty, staff, students
Happy birthday Jesus!
Thank You for saving me and everyone else that's accepted You into their lives!
Merry Christmas!!
Nobody wants anything I've got which is fine because I'm made of everything you're not
Studio Ghibli never ceases to AMAZE!
Another masterpiece!
Thank God animation like that still exist!
A little brain food for your wknd: TEDxABQ 2012 Engage Your Passion will be held 9/8 at the Nat'l Hispanic Cultural Ctr!
He said it!
Hatred is a very underestimated emotion.
Jim Morrison
My wife writes for a cheese magazine, we're both big foodies
Actually use your data!
Understand your audience!
What a novel idea.
Sweater ferrets  Zoya  pandacat  my crazy family  great skin care
trust me its rely good stuff.
:
I get to go close deli :/ hopefully Wednesday will be nice!
oh cool.
See you there.
Informative status updates from each member at the Fourth BHLib Institutional Council Meeting
RT : rocking and rolling this morning only 1 more day to enter the Raggs Rockin Kids Search.
Go to www.RaggsContes ...
Hey Corpus!
Go to the Ayers Event Center 3433 Ayers Street and buy a chicken BBQ plate with all the fixins for only 6.
Delicious!!
live may 26th its going down in IOWA at the val air ball room
If 1D ever opens for Taylor I will purposely be late to the concert.
Abuela taking me to Vegas for the summer3
Finally got to meet 's in person after only having chatted over the phone about Assembly bills such as AB819
I've actually been waiting for you to say something like that.
Happened upon the UrbanIditarod in Portland just now.
I can't wait to live here.
victims of sextrafficking deserve to see beautiful things in life not just the dark!
Help us help victims of trafficking.Sign up!
Absolutely.
For this panel, I'm looking for the best topics to delve into.
They have great panelists, SO I want great Qs!
I liked your comment, and did not want to miss another ;
watching movies with my birthday boy!
I love you Hope I can make the day great for you.
It had to be done.
Did you set up a gmail filter?
Still wonder what if DeAndoctor Jordan over doctorfting George Hill tho...like i wanted
I can't stop shaking /:
q5 I think since many of us started as SMEs and we have too much work, we should train those who want to learn
Yippee we are headed to the theatre!
And Now Back To The Real World.....
Will do!
I'm sure I'll make it out there at least a few times this summer :
Sam have at the races today!!!
good to hear from you.
just finished watching a favorite of mines 40 year old virgin...
your funny as shit!!
Using my peripherals lmao
Do you know how many carbs, protein, and fat that you get in a usual day?
About to go night running.
Got to take advantage of this amazing weather tonight.
I just read it.
That's great!
Great find!
Makes me laugh each an every time.
THE...
Like there's a King  Queen of this group.
LOL!!!
hint: the recipe involves having an Iron Manrunning professorssor approach you with an absurd proposition.
chilling to some Kenny G
DentalTip: Brush your teeth at least twice a day using a softbristled toothbrush and a fluoride toothpaste.
I need to hit the bed soon.
My Parents make me FUCKIN sick, wo wants to take the next action that i have been talking about for a long time??????????????
Hell yeah.
Jeff Saturday
Thanks!
Come visit me sometime!
I'll bag your shit lol
Do you think marketing/PR teams should be split up, so some handle traditional others handle digi?
Your girl wants me don't blame she said you got no swagg damm shun
so glad you are here.
And yes I am tweeting you when we r sitting next to eachother
Kafka in the sunshine.
I was trying to add Home Improvement and couldn't figure how to or to remove it.
is clunky!
whoops ...
just lost 5 points.
dammit, I hate it when she has the night off!!
shoutout to follow her!:
i couldn't believe it.
I was there for a conference but i won't ever stay there again.
Sebastian Telfair is still in the NBA.
TGIF scheduled a massage for me today over my lunch hour.
Such a good husband!
3 weeks: No soda, no chips.
I have a pickle, an apple or an orange instead.
Also, taking regular walks.
Just that: down 12.0 lbs!
other people are saying that it did make it
someone teach me how to play dungeon and doctorgons please.
Thinking should I spend this summer with Mount Tom?
Hey closes at 6p on a Saturday.
When most people can shop.
Thanks for making my decision to shop  target instead so much easier.
I Have The Best Cousin Ever....
RT : Showing plain HTML works on any device.
We break it when we layer on CSS/JS, especially when we do those before HTML
sorry to hear that.
: Hope it's all for the best though!
Haha, who knows?
Only me!
Come out TONIGHT to and get your groove on with Rhythm Method at 7:30 pm!!!
bout time n u better not b playing
My Humps  Black Eyed Peas
WATCH MY VIDEO POP IT ON WMAR TV CHANNEL 2 IN BALTIMORE ON KEEPN IT REAL AT 1:35 TONITE!!!
We write about the bad storylines every single day, both on twitter and in the magazine.
See YOU Tuesday!
: You bring the party and I love that!
Ok fuck it I'm Finna go to sleep!
i remember it was spring break and you texted me telling the way you felt about me, thats when we nodiced we loved eachother.
Twitter Rocks!!!
Fastest research tool ever.
Freebird's for dinner!
we gotta do some laps!
TheSaddestPart is that you believe them and not me.
If I wasn't so tired by 8th period, I would have a A in glob connect
I am now a working individual at 7 eleven :D
See yourself in everyone.
It's so pretty out today.
Going to the mall with my momma and buying myself shiny things.
Yayy.
:
Tempt 99.6 just barely a fever, but I feel like the world is coming to an end!
Ok I'm done with Misla for tonight lol.
Jacosha needs to get him
I could use a cup of coffee right now.
Aghhh
I thought I saw you while I was walking to Power Up since I saw some of your aquiantences
Today is Workout Wednesday!!!
Glass of wine on Wednesday?
True.
And I do!
RT : You can watch the Rangers.
Lol.....RT : Somebody said that Instagram just went from a gated community to section 8 
Dale Hunter got a standing ovation/applause city upon leaving the bar.
RT : Good morning everyone!
Only 2 days away from HookvsBridgeII let's get it!
please tell me that annoying little twerp doesn't go to London
so wat s funny
Hard work always pays off.
Newt scprimary win might b victory FOR hate but I prefer to see a victory for weapons of left v spineless 1 elitist phony job killer
Thanks for the FF.
Right back at you and have a great weekend.
What do you guys want me to talk about in a vlog thingy?
RT : Will be recording 'Sturzstrom' on Sunday and Monday in Exeter.
Exciting!!
It's your responsibility to be familiar with the collection!
Your rental doesn't have the wobbler horn?

Totally agree.The biggest differences are in physical strength  speedofplay in the men's game
hang in there  make that money sweetie!
love ya  call me
me!
i love your music.
i just love everything to do with music.
its one of my passions.
i also play guitar and piano
anything by
Edmonton Filmed Entertainment Fund investing 10mill into qualifying presold projects.
Lets make Alberta the next Hollywood North!!
Get over it
no I would love to go though!
Parents help your kids mature by letting them face disappointments...don't protect them from disappointment.
Still a little bit sick but I have to push through.
I miss seeing your show....when are we gonna see some new tasia ?
I shouldn't doctornk.
Thank you predictive text.
first wedding tomorrow...
im nervous .
so.
I'm on stage in like 30 minutes.
You inspire me to be myself while I'm up there...
Thanks:
pretty good but I'm freaking out.
How have u been????
Very excited and motivated by my nike fuel band.
Thanks for returning my follow!
Enjoy the holiday...
Great night!
Senior prom in 5 days!
:
Its true.
I love 85  but this is hater week.
No endzone for Ocho.
WAMW
Weeoooo, CAPS win in OT
Thanks for the RT  looks like you're keeping busy with some great causes  events these days!
Got a Toby Keith song stuck in my head it's like a lingering stink.
Gonna roll the windows down air this mutha out with some
When they go to the studio guys on the NHL broadcasts and they're all standing, I feel like they have to pee.
And then I feel I have to pee.
: Aquarius loves using toys.
umm..
this is not okay.
hm.
Not more tougher than you though.
I totally understand that though.
What will you do.
You could always relax and
Working at 34,000 feet.
This inflight internet stuff is kinda cool.
Depression is no joke!
I'm surprised people here even know what a Mormon is.
will do!
Start the trend right now!
Once you get two people to do it, the rest will follow.
should i start working?
lol
I'm going to the doctorpal preconference  the geocaching session.
Are you going to the Welcome Party?
haha uuhhh sister tell me about it.
but the guy i'm with lives 30 miles away, so that means hes good :
Justin Bieber's the bomb!
it's outer areola.
no doubt.
i hate this concussion!!!!!
Sing me to sleep.
I'm tired.
LOVED it!
I was the one who inadvertently yelled, YAY!
when analcompulsive was mentioned...
Studying at Tufts with the Minhni Niggo.
This is what I do when I go to church.
I ain't tryna love you baby just fuck you instead
how much would you be willing to compensate?
Aside from music, we are in the laundoctor folding business!
man, I wonder to what extent tonight's OKCMIA game will crush STLFL.
Sending my first tweet out from my new birthday present  an iPad 2!
that moment when your dad or mom make a Twitter or Facebook account 
what you got going on?
It's like Punk'd.
He's yelling out Wart cream Gonorrhea Herpes
Ooh, that is darling!
i told him he still my idea, ok I yelled at him.
Then told him we're using his book
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to sharing and helping to close the gap.
I'd make sure they took off their clown make up and everything before I accept them aha
now that's not a good idea .
you won't be sleeping all day in the car tomorrow ...?
ripvaclav: Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Vaclav Havel
Positivity.
At the Downtown Detroit Partnership annual meeting.
I hope to take pictures of the balloons tomorrow if the weather is good.
I hope things get better for ya, A.
:
Got out of class an hour early, thank God!!
Stopping by the bank, volunteering at the Humane Society then getting my car washed :
Let's play catchup from the weekend...
IM DONE WIT TWITTER THIS SHIT WACK
No problem and congrats.
We just crank up the shirt giveaway whenever I get in the mood on the weekends so..
its the weekend!
How do book sellers compete with other habits?
Piggyback on another habits cues and rewards.
enjoy husband  wife nite!
Lurv you guys
So, I have to say it.
Dear Republicans/Tea Partiers/ignorant crazies.
France just elected an ACTUAL Socialist.
Obama is NOT one.Get a clue.
mayb later I'm too lazy to be on the computer
Worst acting job by doctor doctor!
Follow Me Backk?:
well screw you too.
i like it alot.!!!
HappyMothersDay to all the mothers of the world....lots of love and happiness today!
Everyday I wake up at like 7am and 5 minutes later it's 5pm.
I would do that, except I really dislike ginger.
;D
Fenna listen 2 music til' I fall asleep.
Goodnight .
.
Z!
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving!
Good morning world!
The speech is longer than the counting of the votes.
LOVE the B'more awesome at: theme!
Meet in the next few weeks?
I wish I could make my own dubstep
Crazy night!!!!
when they act like yall were nothing....
Denise that is not how the Catholic church works...a parish cannot excommunicate you...only a bishop...
thanks!
Planning on coming back, but not sure for what yet.
Well they have been on Twitter, actively asking people who comment here to post on the blog itself.
...being happy while still practicing law I don't have to become a ski instructor or baker now!
Over 1,000 inventions and how many were successful?
acui11 Suggested book The whuffie factor by Tara Hunt
I'm proud of my heart: its been played, burned and broken, but it still works
The fact that anyone could compare Girls to any show other than Curb Your Enthusiasm is mind bottling to me.
Female Larry David FTW.
I was discussing it in terms of the current hysteria surrounding a 'secret' John Doe investigation.
The same one Walker initiated...
so jealous.
wtf stacey ditching me again!

REALLY?!!
Dude...There.Is.Nothing.On.My.Channel.
.'
Got nail polish on my hand.
.
I never knew words could be so confusing, said Milo.
Only when you use a lot to say a little, answered Tock.
Watching my girl in the cab on the way to LaGuardia.
Looking good sister!
Happy mama day!
Xx
When you take a soda out the freezer right on time for that perfect slush
Yes the BEST RT : youre a leo too??
Jerk chicken for lunch.
Mouth on fiyah!
Where are you?
honor of
saw your comment on I've yet to find an occasion where an MTA bus would be useful to me.
doctoram like u will live forever; live like you will die tomorrow
Lunch time!
Great morning sessions on Cloud Computing at Phorum12.
Hope you'll stick around today for our afternoon sessions.
thanks for calling me earlier.
:
RIP Christopher Hitchens
good night!
: Sleep tight
thanks man!
Yes, and James Dolan is the 8th plague
heh that's pretty awesome.
thanks for sending!
:
Maybe 2 messages in these doctorams: I make poker too complicated and I'm too paranoid, prolly about my luck.
why dont you ask Labria?
Don't have to prove anything to you .
Hey Man, I like reading your Tweets..Check out who you tweet..etc.
come back
RHOAReunion If I wanna take care of every muthafucka in here, I CAN!
Kandi line of the night!
Are you ok?
Have you listened to Watchme today??
Check my blog!
Goin to sleep
Pookin out ur ass doesnt make it look bigger ..
Anyone know a good ab workout?
.
I've been very impressed by here at the Kiplinger fellowship.
She's quite a resource.
I send ALL of my LOVE to everyone on Twitter.
May all of your doctorams come true.
:
i have that very same issue
Im genius welcome emily
you too!
Have a good rest of your stay.
HOOD ROAD WHAT A NAME FOR A STREET
Day two without lunch..i'm so hunnnngrry and my stomach is growling so loud!
Get some medical professorssions involved.
Even i know certain items like poppy seeds can give FALSE RESULTS.
Don't Speculate
I hate my internet.
So much.
Ouch.
RT : 90 of everything is crud.
So I might have fallen in love with you , your all I can think about , your the only person I wanna be with ever and you make me smile ;
Ditto that  howdy, Jason!!!
RT : Is it even possible???
on Twitter?
Aye I can't stand ppl who point out mistake u text or write  they know u know how 2spell LOL I read the 1st like the 2ND one
Rosenbaum in Academically Adoctorft: students receive motivational platitudes rather than info about academic prep from counselors
Ah what a morning!
call me back!!
Won a 3125 seat to the main event
William Shakespeare Cry Havoc and let slip the dogs of war.
Sensual movement is one of the easiest ways to release shameshyness, replaced by bold reveling in pleasure.
Do you agree?
goo.gl/HaQ2L
just looked at the professorle pic.
wth swag tho.
Above average fam
ya I could tell
thanks 4 follow
Don't forget to post information about your business on this FB page to share with others.
If u come to the club n dance n ur doctorss come up n u dance in ur thong......Its no denyin how much of a hoe you are!!!
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
Cynthia Ozick  Honoring those who serve  who have served!
good seeing u tonight man.
I'm sure we'll see each other at the next event.
Holiday Festival of Trains starts FRIDAY!
We can't wait to see you.
Did you get your tix for Santa Breakfast yet?
4107522462 x221
Thanks for the mention...
Clients loving the Analytical Platform concept as best way for Analytics on BigData!
Blood.
Everywhere.
Chance is always powerful.
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be fish.
Ovid
This is definitely me  !!
lol RT : Aries enjoy volunteering for charities and camps
Last night had delicious pig's foot soup with dandelion greens  amazing what you can create from what other people discard and dismiss!
iPhone battery
Wondering how my ninja cat locked himself in the bathroom overnight...
and basking in the glow of my locksmithing skills to get him out.
Watching frozenplanet on Discovery HD.
Very cool!
t could all be so simple, but you'd rather make it hard, loving you is like a battle, and we both end up with scars
Like I'm STRICTLY hip hop.
no pop influences whatsoever, and that's what a lot of em listen to at my school.
So it makes sense
: been feelin all tweets in the past hour or so goodshit !
: right on
thanks so much!
We are honored!
Starting Point Apex laugh THIS Sunday...
Do NOT miss out on this amazing moment!
We want to see 1000 pple there...
will you be one of them?
This scribe is either skipping all over the poem or was misbound somewhere in its history and nobody has noticed until now.
currently performing with the orchestra at our donor and subscriber open rehearsal!
Next date, May 12th!
Easing back into work and the reality of being a workingmom this week
how was the show?
I didn't know what the Last three days were!
Dear apartment building, every other apartment complex has hot water, can we got in on that action?
Thanks!
love her an hym
Thanks will be serving Indy's best craftbeer, including lots of Flat12, which goes perfect with
He's a moron.
There is absolutely NO statistical evidence to support his claim.
Rapists rape because they are rapists.
wait, what?
Are you fucking kidding me .
Outstanding!
Follower 1,000 is !!
Thanks to all of our followers for helping us reach this great milestone!
www.sazs.com
Just a day away from Madame LaQueer !!!
So excited
Hahah i just watched ustream hehe yur mom is so cute hah
okay i didnt know you have twitter...
follow back sis :
lol ya it would and true
I really freaking love Austin 3
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IT'S JUST TOO EASY THEY JUST POP IN MY HEAD
Ready for Bedlam?
Stay tuned for our special Bedlam Pizza available next Saturday!
Nationwide is decidedly not on my side.
: its ok just take care of yourself  your mom .sending hugs
right, cool I gotta work on that  So what do you weigh in at these days and what do you bench?
You look huge!!
It's not our schools that are broken it is our theory of learning.
move out of life's safe and shallow places and venture forth into the deeps.
I'm ready to hear itRT !!The 3rd single from my international album featuring  comin up this month!!!
Listening to anecdotes of psychedelic use is a soft core porn vison quest
RT Our sister brand Twitter party is going strong!
Follow and RT them for your chance to WIN!!
Only 3 hours of sleep and it's hitting me right now!!
I need coffee!!
Don't worry guys, I got chips and wine to supplement the cookies this time.
IM UN COLUMBUS,GA
Boy do I love Ritz crackers.
yum 3
That is hilarious...
definitely made my day!
Ladies be ladies not hoes and bitches
This might be as good as the Cookie Monster reading.
Ellen Reads '50 Shades of Grey': via
okay.
Fine.
I will.
staring at the police line up Officer, I believe the man you seek is Number 3.
sounds like we should be sharing ideas.
We're in the beginning stages of a museumschool partnership program.
I am totally down with this no calories counting on your birthday thing!
Woot!
Revolution Brewing.
Home away from home an it's only down the street!
sup with the hate bruh?
You don't think I'm funny?
I don't think you're right.
Yeah.
Let's end our season with an interception.
I mean why not?
Think of the economic boost to the Funyun and brownie industries alone!!
Someone tell me if mikey  montana are really back.
oh really....
Raise your hand if you can't get enough of the 90's wednesdayrehearsal /yd
Just as I hoped, a copy of 's The Freedom Maze was under the tree for me.
Invest your time wisely, for it will affect your quality of life 5 years from now
Tired of waiting for a spotter www.mygymmateusa.com
same here stayin busy with this music..gotta show the 1st of july......I see you sayin you makin beats now......
As long as you learn/grow, you can't lose.The NoLose approach to decisionmaking guarantees all your decisions will be the right decisions!
hey that's not nice it's mothers day buttcheek licker!
EMPTY NET GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!
probably where I got it from
lmao you have a gay side to you..
Shankopotomus on that punt!
don't let her brinq you down.
most importantly, don't show her it hurts you.
you are stronqer then you think!
xx
2 Minutes left in the Hawks Celtics game
Keep me in mind, somewhere down this road you might get lonely : 
Lets GO HEAT TEAMHEAT ..even tho nobody is really playing tonight lol
we are looking forward to making things happen in your killer space!
I am ready to roll!!
For tweets on Matt Gold presentation, Debates in the Digital Humanities, follow
Rickie Fowler won!
Listening to NPR morning edition at Locke High School in LA, talking about Rodney King 20 years later.
ECET2 Teachers
man that Kentucky uniform is waiting for you..
Playing in front of 24,000 diehard UK fans..
Go Big Blue!!
yeah, but they'll be jealous when you're in flint!
Miami ain't got nothin on flint
Well that run was even better than the first one.
S/o to he needs 400 followers he'll follow back and he played in the little league world series
amen...feeling quite fortunate we didn't hammered by
iusedtothink that American Idol would be on top forever and that Chris Brown was cute.
Awkward...
Orange leaf !
Let's go Lakers.
Make it happen!!!
Hey, hey Josh, hey you should tweet more.
Happy Valentine's Day.
I'm recommending that you go to dinner somewhere in Harbor East or Little Italy and then Salsa Dancing at Talaras.
you cant even steal 1st against Cliff Lee!
The guy is just a freak.
and I are waiting out the rain with our horses under a covered area.
I officially hate the rain.
They slide right out, like it's that hard to remove them for a day?
They could at least make it a casino regulation to pad them
the box office pulled our black keys tickets yesterday :
Thanks Patti.
So far I'm loving Ocala and the
That moment when your makeup falls on the bathroom floor and you're not worried about the toe it fell on as long as your blush is intact.
RT : I'd appreciate it if you would take a moment to complete the 5 questions on the BNI Business Index's 3rd Quarter......
Ugh!
Peyton Manning being released by the Colts.
ADM Mullen: it took the US 67 years to match and exceed the terrorist's speed of war.
Brue Lee said, To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
I wish I could perform at teen hoot!
Will you watch my video pretty please!
Ha!
Note to Maroon5: don't attempt Beach Boys harmonies if you are not the Beach Boys.
I'll be working on the doc tonight after a quick Big Data meeting, so you'll see some paragraphs going.
:
I'm doing magical/chocolaty ; and no,no,no Thank you.
I do that,too!
We did a collaborative project with students from another school and used video to share
Follow me....
no doubt bro, DM for more info.
NUMARK RED WAVE HEADPHONES ON SALE 75!
GET YOUR TODAY CALL TO PLACE YOUR ORDERS!
Every year, bro  RT : Open up a can of whoopass today in honor of Steve Austin.

nice photo!
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.
are u guys safe?
Thanksgiving is will be here before you know it come get a new look for half the price !
danny duffy is the new sandy koufax apparently, he's a good looking pitcha with a big ahrm
I'm happily single.
Paula Abdul
Hey guys, help us get more followers by tweeting follow !
We love you 3
Just saw your CultureMap byline.
You're a freshman at Emerson?
Way to be a boy media magnate.
Live free 
Yea I cant argue that.but the real talented guys wanna go places where they can showcase themselves for the NBA.
i agree w u tho
Has anybody thought of doing a reality show on food trucks?
It's perfect because they're everywhere and they can't possibly last forever.
You dirty is hell.
me too!
sacscoc Preview, Attend, Review, Study, Assess
Ask me any questions and I answer them personally!
Don't make your mind up yet!
Jury duty all day, running intervals tonight...
2 different forms of torture.
Im so freaking excited!!
Haha noshame You should fangirl with mep
online shopping?
Feel free to give us a call 8003439826 Weve got you covered!
Goodbye Pennsylvania!
Road trip PANC
new faces in the room!
we are building power!
Home and happy with friends and wine.
See ya next year,
Okay!
I did!
my foot is broken.
speaking of which, you were supposed to come out with me for aqua girl smh
why do you spell it out F.R.I.E.N.D.S.
Every time lol that just took so much work
Just watched it again!
LOL
I'm doctornking rum and red bull...and rum and red bull...
u didn't mention dyoung!: Terrible defense, streaky pitching, bad bullpen, inconsistent offense.
Playoffs bound.
Nissan decided 2 name it's new Electric Car the Light Shaw cause all the Energy,Production  excitement
Treasury 10year yields below 2 percent; Europe is scaring a lot of people again, says head of Treasury trading at Bank of Nova Scotia.
im so motivated its rediculous
Young guy opens to 1200 good player calls captainTom makes it 6200 with 14k back opener jams all in.
captainTom folds ak.
What would Mary Poppins do?
thanks mane.
I'm diggin' this PUY CS you did.
Participant at Conference: Katie McCollough from Rutgers University
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
really?
heartburn?
is this some sort of cruel joke?
Tweeting on my iPhone.
This is hard to type on.
I like that in ya lil mama!
Ambition!
Girl you going somewhere!
Question is, do I want to follow?
Slow ya roll...I'm on the scenic route!
America is no place for private soldiers of fortune  private prisons.
Corrections is the business of an elected government.
why are you even talking?
Hey, thanks!
Can America invent its way back?
What can we learn from the Israeli experience says  StartUp Nation.
healthcare claim denials evidence of fraud or just a picture of a broken system?
Call me Crazy.
Eli pulls this game out.
Go Ole Miss
sorry my overpriced cell phone kept doctorpping the call.
Love you dad!
RT : I dont forgive people b/c I'm weak, I forgive them b/c I'm strong  mature enough 2 know ppl make mistakes.
Congrats to the fabulous for scoring her first TV segment for The Cupcake Store!
RT : Sure  bet they'd fawn all over the idea of tater tots!/Something tells me...not.
Luv yr ideas
: who ya'll got tomorrow??
I put 20 down to win 130 on louisville and Ohio state You just gave away 20 my friend
RT ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass big sean voice twitpic.com/5hhhvv
We help residents, small business owners, and utilities keep track of their usage, save money, and share with friends.
It's going to be upwards of 60 degrees on Friday.
PINA COLADA SMOOTHIES FOR EVERYONE!!!!!
YouSmellLikeDinner, let's try this again.
pretty good, schools been getting tough though.
What about you?
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
Budget cuts or not they still have a business to run.
Not hiring people for strategic jobs could cost more in long run.
SF's a city of smart people.
I'm convinced the right group could take it private, fix it  turn a professort all while lowering fares.
Hey, anybody know if there's going to be a 3rd Miss Temple book from Gordon Dahlquist?
Loved the first two...
I speculate Facebook will start to take a back seat this year.
ALL TEENS!!
TOMORROW!
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
HUGE BLACK LIGHT TEEN PARTY!
The JazzAvenger is at Jazz Standard about to catch Jason Moran's late set.
glad thats over but not glad that I wont b seein ur beaut face every week!ThNx for makin WCC so much better these last2years!
IU!
lol you are probably right!!
Haha
Special thanks to for being VegasLOMA's 300th Twitter follower!
Thanks for the follow, Miles!
Love your message Colt.
I grew up in Richardson and Plano now live in Georgia.
Best wishes for much success!
Beautiful morning to make the kettlehill kitchen sparkle for health inspection!!
Ravens vs.
Browns  1:00 PM.
Ravens can clinch playoff spot with win.
Right?
especially when u about 2 bust,u gotta wait till that shit starts up again
I miss mustache and mullet Yanni.
I would die for you
I love your music and I wish I could meet you in person
I listen to Backspin daily  hear 14 yo Toni making fun of me : : Lil 2 Live Crew on the iPod shuffle.
good norning...might?
Oh ok cool.
U got Summer school?
Unfortunately so.
It happened about a week ago and il just now up and around.
Broken ribs suck!!!
The self is not something that one finds it is somthing that one creates.
Clearly a poor design choice chosen to solve a few edge cases.
go back and read my tree frog, bird , bees adventures in this house for a chuckle like the last 10 minutes or so
Awesome!
Keep up the good work..
RT : A customer asked Where do you get all the nice people that work here?
I was jok ...forget it.
when can we expect the next lineup announcement?
i'm so antsy to know what other goodness will be there!
I think twitter is the onle place I can share my real thoughts and opinions with everyone
3 more days till Vegas!
Can't come soon enough for me!
working on new menus for new companie
hahaha, funny you say that, nearly got stuck on the country CD...
:
Wow, Twitter is so fast.
: Look away for a second and you can miss something..LoL
Son of uhh bitch
thank you so much for coming to tonight  such a pleasure having you in the audience.
They're at my feet, like all bitches should be.
Hahahahahahahaha....oh you guys!!!!!!
Shut the fuck up
Found myself saying I have TRAINED you to know better to a child.
And it's true.
Oh, Lordy.
I'm a lecturing parent without being a parent.
Getting ready for work
Thrilled to be rolling out FieldConnect Mobile  cross platform construction scheduling for phones, tablets, desktop
Sometimes I doctornk.
To all you lake trout people out there on this opening weekend,,,, Good Fishin to Ya!!
Why dont bitches ever tie their shoes?
im outta dis joint!
if it's not Jay Bruce, I'm not interested.
Good news on the funding of my inspirational football feature.
It's all being laid out according to HIS plan.
2011.08.31 Cardinals 8 Brewers 3  Give up a grand slam / to the opposing pitcher / recipe for loss
Are you still holding your AAPL GOOG PCLN shorts?
Family Feud question: name something that has white balls  me: me!
I don't know how that happened
And he is the most injury prone guy on the roster..
Uhoh.
Redecorating my room
Next Saturday May 12th We Rockin  Lucky's Lounge In Queens NY!
21 No Cover Charge!
Come Get Live In The Mix Wit DJ Sliick!
Judge Judy is on The View right now.
I can't control my excitement.
Tweetcaster for ipad keeps shutting down on me.
Guess ill move on to another client
Most of my friends are guys because they don't start doctorma,and they are always there for you..I hate doctorma!!
Best Top10 piece of advice from to young athletes: Get out now  there's very little money in sports.
I wish I could say this doesn't happen frequently...
That would be a lie.
I think my landlord is over my shenanigans.
Although I really needed a nap, I'm thankful I got my laundoctor done too.
Bonus  the dishes are washed and bathroom cleaned.
The best part about classes starting is getting those 10 minutes to and from campus where I get to hear Billy Joel tickle those ivories.
Happy Easter
who did you want to win the voice?
Beggars cant be choosers, unless they participate on the popular itemselection game show Supermarket Sweep.
Just in: Bonnie and Clyde and Badlands
ew!
trying to keep that from getting implanted in my brain.
Not working.
Sorry to hear you're leaving Cincy, but good reasons to do so.
Diversity needs to be promoted, and it's not here.
Good Luck!
SUFFER THE PAIN OF DISCIPLINE TODAY so you won't have to suffer the pain of regret tomorrow.
nowplaying More Than This One Direction....
on repeat all day!
Proof we're too tech dependent:OH at polling place:You have a clothes line?
Where on earth did you get it?
Uh.try anywhere they sell rope.
Do you come Finland?
COME COME : everyone says that you don't come here but never say never 33
If I didnt have to go to this meeting later My ass would be on the road to the beach :/
that seems like a lot.
Haha : just sitting .
AJ telling someone....
They are
Tim Dye of Sonoma Tech: with air quality, data flow is easy, human factors community buildingis the larger part of the work needed.
I believe Dennis has been talking to them, I was a bit involves in the early stages
Just got to doctorve a forklift for the first time.
Sketchy and fun
I can definitely understand how that happened!
Yes, we need to!
Start a doctoram journal
Doors are now open!
Join us on the dance floor at 8:15 for some free dance lessons with Jason!
Hello, 9hour day.
You can go away now.
Pretty sure I'm taking Friday off.
Back from a 2week selfimposed tech blackout, aka vacation.
Do I have to go back to work?
SMH is the new LOL: nonsensically inserted anywhere ideas are missing.
Answer B!
Anything past two wins is bordering on Red Sea status!
if someone can't tell you the reason why they like you don't waste your time
Had fun at my bf's house :
/GGWD 1 Web Design Class/ h1AMAZING instructor/h1  AMAZING group sharing  learning .custom.
mysbc : ;
It's okay if you want to spend money on me :
I've been thinking of you.
As a start, perhaps youIcan Skype;then set up educoach hangout
Q3 At previous job, in charge of creating posters/postcards for Open House.
Used pic from collection  QR code w/link to info.
they'll still be dirty if that makes you feel any better
My body hates me enough 2 wake me up 2 hrs b4 alarm: I feel ya: i feel so cheated when i wake up 10 min b4 my alarm goes off.
Hana totally had matcha powder.
Tomorrow, green tea buttercream!
Brings back memories of making the stuff
gotta get that win tonight!
Retweet this please, and let's go mavs!
W gomavs give it your all tonight!
haha everyone needs a brain break from people every now and then!
Chinese food sounds amazing right now 
Want to exchange follows?
let's support eachother.
There is a promotion site that is free on my professorle.
hi!
: please give my brother a shoutout?!
:
If you saw that Devo post a minute ago, we also have similar programs for Snowboarding AND Freestyle!
Come learn to fly!
oh and you should see him in the old movie Yentl with Barbara Streisand.
Great movie : :
My work has been nuts this morning with passive agressiveness.
In response, the K to the T throwdown has officially begun.
Watch out!
:
Haha your retarded
Yu Should Send Me Some Of Them Haha
On my level?
Get ready folks...
The lineup for Booze Broads  Hot Rods 14 will be announced tomorrow
You can't hear the music but we're playing the same tune.
Each beat, every note played perfectly by you.
Things Are Great...How About You?
great article'
RT : NaPiBoWriWee Q: How long/short should picturebooks be?
Answer: Not 2 short  not too long.1st doctorft: 1000 words or less
Join us tonight from 59 for First Fridays in the Old Market.
Performer Desmond K playing from 89pm and works of photographer Mark Perkins.
Ha I know.
I'm trying to convince myself that not even my doing can mess something up that bad.
Sorry, I don't use this account that often.
I'm usually on my main account:
um.
Soaked in gin?
and coffee on a sunny Milwaukee morning.
Life is good.
Pretty good.
How are you?
I'm a big fan  would like you to visit my site; www.theouterspacemen.com thxs for following me.
Would love to meet u in NY
And its over.
Japan defeats USA 2014 in a tale of two halves.
I'm getting fed up with some people trying to cause trouble in my relationships.
They better stop it or I'll will never talk to them again!
Help...good novels for 7th grade...lexile 955 is a minimum
just showered about to walk to my brothers
on the highway to see Obama
Spring cleaning today...for the last 9 Springs.
Lord help me.
The issue of discipline specificity with respect to data modeling has sparked vigorous debate at
RT Just saw, after many months, an article I wrote for InFocus Have compassion on your audience!
What do you think?...
I still have tons of these!!!
Always good to see around these abandoned passageways, late on a Friday.
Looking forward to those releases...
No hitter for Jared Weaver
3 Its Faith I believe in ppl..
Did I really just see an obese white woman  a tiny Hispanic man hooking up at a bus stop?
Unfortunately for myself  about 100 others...yes
All I know is all I know.
And this shit is weird.
Thank you for the FF!
We are really looking forward to next week.
Responded to FIRE  2125 24th St, Queens, NY 11105 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
Is saying Happy Birthday to my son mister Jonathan Curry who turned 1 years old today.
Happy Birthday son, mommy and daddy love you!!
LOLOL we a good combination then hoe, we cute.
we cute.
Bouta wake Riley up she tripping...
:D quick question
I'm pretty sure its the same momma squirrel as last year whose baby slid into the gutter, fell two stories, and was freed by yours truly :
I just started Chasing Mona Lisa and can't put it down.
Looks like it's going to be a long night!
I JUST GOT A PART IN MY FIRST TELEVISION COMMERCIAL...YEAH E!!
YEAH E!!
thanks much!
Going to hunt bores with samurai swords with
How is your week going?
I had a relapse in memory because I was in Detroit and forgot to tell you!!
We are not Mexico, thankfully.
ABBY LEE DANCE COMPANY
I love a parade.
i can see your tweets together, n000b
Just for today I felt like a queen because that's who I am and do not need it but I believe I've never done it.
Logan what up boy
Worms are seriously disgusting.
Thanks marine science.
And big props to my boy IBALKA and the on their SWEEP.
Get that ring !!!
The Forklift, the French Press and the Hamburgler.
Nominate your favorite music venue to be a part of our beta trial!
We're going to take Facebook by storm!
Just you wait, ya'll.
Me three!
RT : Me, too.
RT : 's Tramp is one of the albums I'm anticipating most this year.
Best wishes for a successful 2012!
so have I!
I'm always nice to my parents :
WOW!!!
I'll have what you're having!!!
I FOLLOWBACK for GOOD KARMA
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space;everything else is opinion.
About to head to the wedding of the yr!
One groomsmen already in jail!
Bring on the church then off to the 18,000sq/ft mansion to party!!!!
Enterprise, Bellwether Form Firm, Plan 1.5B in 2012
well hell that a do.
Lol
Rejection still feels the same....
but just when i was down,I was offered a 10K donation to Last Breath!!!
God has a sense of humor,i likey
im doing great!
Thanks how about u darling?
: x
I'm bummed about it too!
It won't be the same without you, love you foreverr
a lot of people have my netflix password....all i wanna know is which one of them watched my little pony every single day for hours...
rewatching entourage right now...
Just as good if not better than watching a new show
hey how u doing
Even a slice of the consumer/geo data the campaigns are or will be buying.
McAlister's...again!
when all your friends are constantly in relationships, or seeing people and I'm here like, yeah, me and junk food got it going on..
im not Jasmine haha : Im just a fan 3
Thanks to all for a wonderful
Wow.
If I'd known it was going to come to that I'd have bought the book and flagged you down at the Mall.
Class discussion on Photo Documentary and shaping the historical understanding of your time for future generations.
Kids rocked it.
It might be possible to read music tweets  see sick posters of cool day shows from sxsw but really these barbecue pics are just plain mean
really that easy?!
While focusing relentlessly to this awesome SM presentation by , has just kidnapped my new iPhone.
Do you eat your Big Tomato Pizza with a fork or with your hands?
Post your picture on our page showing how you enjoy your pizza!
You're such a pretty thing when you're done up properly.
lmao mine broke like 3 months ago but i had guarantee so i got a new one ha
one word: Antitrust.
oh shit that's what's up we need to get this gringo bucks some how right lol
We are closed today and tomorrow.
There aren't many movies that I enjoy watching more than once.
Surviving The Game is one notable exception.
LOL RT : Alcohol.
RT : Caps fans, describe your emotions in one word.
Go.
April is WorldAutismAwarenessMonth Thanks for all you do for this cause
Pretty sure Dan's rant about women with NRQs just paid his exwife a backhanded compliment :
LOL defense heavy!
I live in San Diego : Hope you have a great time here
I need to find my extra battery.
Forreal doe!
It's crazy how unfailing God's love is 4 us.
I can't express how grateful I am that He does!
Smile 2day, because God loves you to no end!
And now I'm going to roast my Mom a chicken from the Farmer's Market with fresh fennel that she grew herself, bocce later.
It's a banner day
I'm just a junior....I don't get a congrats
dude I'm loving Aoki!
He's the ultimate pest!
Client sent out 20 resumes, got 5 responses and one of them turned into a great new job.
Nice way to end the week!
what could that be?
You should want to strive to be much more each day in a positive manner.
Looking to leave a seed of goodness and Gratitude of blessings...
BAHA if you dont wnna get yer hands dirty then i dont mind getting the job done haha niggas roasted D
you should go on tinychat tonight.
please?
explains brand is who you are, what you do and what you say.
If you are what you eat then Voldemort is a unicorn
So excited for Survivor: Philippines!
hey : whats up?
Does anyone know why there's someone/something parachuting over the city right now?
Cc:
Inquiring mind wanna know: What do YOU do to stay motivated?
is in the hood today!!
Just ya know...takin a chopper over to 's house...
thanks for the card, it was a pleasure working with you.
Looking forward to seeing on TVs across America shortly.
still thinking about Qwikster.
I think the main issue is how annoyed I am that it's intentionally spelled wrong.
Rockin Time!!
RT Everyone having FUN?
Smmanners  me any questions/concerns/comments
This okclakers game is gonna be firey tonight
we are an incorporated DC nonprofessort and have submitted our 501c3 app!
What's your favorite tool to project Tweets at an event?
Wow thats all I can say is WOW...
and  Thanks for the retweets!
should have partied with us grandma!
The was delicious though.
Let's make it happen.
Let's get it baby
and ya pray pray pray, that everything'll be okayy.
why you makin all the same mistakes!?
I'm sorry it's scaring the dogs!
Otherwise  great news  THANK YOU!!
Holding out for the CW's reboot of Models, Inc.
Scott Walker does not have momentum.
He has purchased the perception of momentum.
Remember that.
Today we'll be out and about at the Tacoma Broadway Farmers Market, the Burien Farmers Market and the Duvall Farmers Market.
Come say hi!
true statement
gotta say I'm starting to like much more now cuz of the voice lol he is charming!
do you keep in touch with any of the contestants after they leave??
RT : fakedevlearn Just for fun: Type do a barrel roll into google.
Enjoy.
I was so happy when I stepped on the scale.
I lost 5 pounds!
Then I realized my daughter was playing with the balance adjustment again.
Happy Monday!!!.
How was your weekend?
I hate to say it, Tim, but US prisons have been run by robots for decades.
People ask me, how do I see the future of blues music?
A: AFRICA!
Our reappropriation inspired by Fela kuti, Ali Farka Toure,  others!
Sometimes we just need to learn to let go..
I heard cal put Maths body bag in a body bag!
Then went down to the coroners office and body bagged him again.
sbeing a boy is harder
Some doctorll batteries just won't take a charge.
I'm sure there's a metaphor in there.
But what kind of collab program could we do?
Are you too busy for booktalks during that early school time?
RT : This documentary on Chicago's violence is really good...
I didn't know nothing about CeaseFire or the Interrupters
CANSPAM Tip 2: Don't precheck boxes on your optin page, let THEM decide.
Don't send a different newsletter other than the one they chose.
SLEEPY, but can't go to sleep just yet...
Someone should come over right now and Mia my face and feed me a taco.
I'm just saying.
Stand your ground law in Florida means loser of a fight can shoot you.
Rutgers really pressuring USF, 5 shots in the half, none on goal, one finding post.
Let's GO BULLS!
Get some pressure on the other end
: lol...
imma put ma dirty pink converse up yo midget belly lol imma funny looking midget
so down let's get a group together and go
Time for a run around
Only at kings is dead air filled with these are the opening words of the aeniad by virgil!
I want to go swimming
are you livetweeting Whitney Houston's funeral?
Loving the Luxuries of life: jewelry, handbags  fine art.
All can be found
smile : excited?
Niall is my future husband.
He is millions of girls future husbands.
You're gonna have a lot of grandchildoctorn!
;
Wtf!
Omg LOL dude I almost fucking spit my gum out I was laughing so hard.
Really?
Twins?
Not even3
Thanks.
Great read!
And, incidentally, presupposes terminology of 'pagesized machines...known as pads' :
Why does throwing the word, lady on the front of almost anything make it funny?
Ladyhands.
Ladypants.
Ladyballs.
thanks David!
hey....much love for T or D
lol no.
add anything you want to the argument!
But it was still very awkward.
Any suggestions on a good cafe or something to meet, talk and write in or around Hollywood?
I need a quietish place w/ parking.
A big win for Thursday night.
Bricktown Bar Crawl from OU or UCO campus will run Halloween night for 15 each!
Call to set reservation for 10 or more pass.
4472446
I miss you baybayyyyyy
Thanks for retweet!!
Do it!
Become a vegetarian.
I've been doing it for 25 years and have never looked back.
Fantastic mtg w/ Founder of last night, one of smartest guys I know!
Perseverance will take these guys places.
People who say looks don't matter are full of it unless they're ugly too
Uh oh...
My LinkedIn requests and updates are very high this week.
Chances are a massive layoff occurred.
Again.
What's up with Chirpify?
Prz Obama's tax paid safety net is all too familiar.
Having an Uncle that perpetually pays the bills means more family dependents
Fire Jeff Hardy, please and push AJ Styles as the face, trust me please.
Finally heard some of HellYeah on YouTube!
makes me happy.
Now following  Should be interesting if he actually uses it.
Don't get me wrong I understand it's purpose, we all rather look at pictures, but why degenerate the quality?
We Worked hard for that 1080p!
whats happening cool!
thanks for the add lets rap soon.
Mich.
Jimmy Clausen is starting for the Panthers this week
alright brother.
I'll hold you to that, if ever sends you up to NY, we'll grab doctornks.
lol you already know ;
Lost my cashmere shawl.
I'm so sad, feel like crying.
I loved that shawl.
Going to see May 4th with my sisters 
I've never been more shocked a/b a sports outcome.
Couldn't believe when Denver beat Green Bay in the Super Bowl but this was a bigger upset
heyy!!!
The only movies Ive seen in the theater lately are with Roxey.
Beauty and the Beast in 3D was excellent : miss u EJ
Qualifying statement.
quite an allstar team sitting in the trainer's room.
And it's still early May.
it's really scary when we argue /:
so my roomies are moving out in 9 days...
yet they told me we have the apartment till the 27th of may...
umm wtf
you can almost guess who's going to be a grumpy customer from the get go.
What do you do when your hunches are right on?
Everyone listen to and download some good music from an upcoming artist my man Don't forget to follow and tweet to
I have three screws in my knee, idk about just acls
Gotta doctorp a prebeat deuce before this one
He pushed the shit out of him
cool song Caught Up
Follow back if you're cool!
Haha...not pressuring you!
you know what to do!
Buenos Dias Everyone.
You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
And watch while apologists for the Netanyahu govt say But we're LETTING THEM export clothes now!
We're AWESOME!
Frustrated...
And kinda mad
Tell it like it is,Gras waspissed at Hank for saying he'd rather be Lookin at her
The hardest part about growing up is letting go of what you were used to, and moving on with something youre not.
i know about acoustics.
unless you need someone to do math, in which case fuck off.
Need a blunt right now
Spilling coffee in your car on the way to work is a telling sign of the kind of day you will likely have
The day I knew you would leave, that was the day I could hardly breath
Thanks!
1 pick away from my next one.
May make it risky!
thank you for the follow back!
That's an excellent idea!
Pls share ur thoughts on panels when you get to Glazen Zaal.
Good wifi here
Hey Zach could you tweet just for me hey vane or RT this?
I love you Zach, you and all the wimpy kids hehe :D
Gettin ready to go to grammas, happy mothers day :
Got a bit of headache...the Bruce Springsteen soundcheck isn't helping it go away...but I'm definitely not complaining!
No school for me today , im sick :
No Brenner is...
Frats before brats.
So happy mothers day to ur mommy 3
show is SOLD OUT!
Did you get your tickets??
Beyonce gave birth to JayZs baby...now I have to deal with not being an only child.
Ok I've tweeted enough for this A.M till later!!
hairflo 
meh a little backlash is good dontcha think?
:
I'm up for that.
If you've got the guts.
Get your free Who you are, where you are professorle.
Add your multiple lifestyle professorles to one convenient place.
www.swingfestevents.com
I apologize for blowing up everybodys timeline with
JOIN us and take pride in VA!!!
We are local, host EVENTS, provide you with everything those other sites do BUT we bring our site to life!
In honor of national Volunteer Week, we would like to say a special thank you to our 200 dedicated volunteers who help us out yearround!
My friend is telling me about her pet unicorn which is annoying her.
Um help meeeeh K
Huggies are awesome dude, its so comfty.
Omg just kidding.
xDD
biased Van Gundy that was a shot to the head
The more they tried to make it just like home, the more everybody missed it.
Happy 21st Birthday!
told me you were celebrating today.
; Hope you have a totally Nicktastic day!
3
Have a fantastic and safe trip!
no game of thrones board game tonight/yesterday : maybe some today/tomorrow?
yeah I agree, connotation and intent is huge
yeah, I didn't have the heart to correct you.
re: Harassing / Harnessing
This seems about par for the course for most corporate projects...
Tonight HEAVY HAND plays with and 10pm!
Yes!!
hard class.
Mouse, floppy doctorves, serial inputs etc.
So confusing
Are you sure your not the REAL Billy Clyde?
Chrome's incognito mode works better.
Hugo was great!
You seeing it in 3d?
: guess its just me and my pillows..
Alright Gamel, let's get 2 homers in one night!
The Take Action series highlights those making a difference.We honor those who refuse to be bystanders
fell asleep on the with me and she snoring!
:D haha
Alright kiddies!
Who's ready for a debate?
God knows there's gotta be some newsworthy shit out of this
Air connoisseurs.
RT : The air has a palatable heaviness today.
Mom told me I couldn't be a lesbian, so to settle with bisexual.
She wants grandbabies or something.
Seriously !
Paging artsorgs in SF, MadMen viewing party needed.
:
everyone's staying home.
lol I'm just kidding, I'm at the gym
Major Market in Fallbrook is the grooviest throwback market.
Amazing selection, and everyone moves slow.
how was the wedding
If you're free tomorrow,you should ride down w/ us to TJ  see what the IMPLAN folks are doing to make TJ better for bicycling
Wichita State, Western Kentucky  West Virginia.
3 W's not one Win.
Thanks for askingwill follow your advice.
Almost didn't recognize you.
is right, nice avi pic :
yeah they are and they're like 69 dollars lmfao
This chem hmwrk is killing me
ShamisterckRun Let's do this!!
Light rain.
38 degrees.
I've consumed oj and one sausage link.
Here's to keeping that down.
I voted republican in the primary election, btw.
I'm pretty sure that's the only time THAT will ever happen.
you have your iPhone set the 24 Clock?
Socialist!
Great game OKC.
TRust God and live a day at a time!
Norman P veale
Our Happy Hours app uses your phone's GPS to detect all of the happy hours near you right now!
www.gotime.com/mobile
the pillows look awesome ;
Sounds like your Thursday is gonna be dope, then!
Especially since you're talking to both of our school's newspapers.
what happened?
ok what :
is there anything against installing a zipline off my balcony onto campus in my lease?
hey!
Nice meeting you hope you enjoyed ur night in town!!
Ah thank you!
:
Ill be watching!!
Racquetball, meet my throat.
How do you do?
when people say they like doctorke, im like no....
I LIKE doctorKE 
It is a gloomy day here in Chicago ...
Seems about right to even out the amount of fun the band had this weekend.
honeys wanna chat but all we wanna kno is where the party at ?
what kinda math are you doing?
I hate math :

Where else would I be?
i'm at a payphonee.
Lipsitz: Relations between races are also relations between spaces.
Segregated space is like a perpetual motion machine.
I love how people say there true friends but when u need them the most no one will answer there phone
Not the night I had in mind
Guys could u give me a shout out to people to follow me if you do all give u one!!
Plzzzz prettyy plzzz!
At the doctors 
omg, I'm addicted to : HAHAHA!
LOL :
A whole lot of awesome
4 Out/1 In file won't open  message says the file is damaged
Glad adele won.
HEART her
The Lost Boys at 4am.
Yup.
I'm groovy.
under today's date!
:
Pause on the DVR...barn burner between Grizz  Lakers.
Baby I'm counting on you
Now that all the rain is gone and it has washed your house for you call misterD's to paint the exterior and get a jump start on spring.
Since Van Gundy is namedoctorpping Pete Chilcutt, can he compare Pau Gasol to Matt Wenstrom?
Shorts, sandals, sun  wind.
when you're significant other all of a sudden has a password in their phone 
I wish I could sleep earlier
ok cool.
I will let you know how it rocks!!
Ain't nobody I know win the lottery
Hey : Why can't I use my computer as my phone?
I want a softphone, but I don't need roaming or another number
.
That's a great point, Bob.
So true
Just prompted by Facebook to update my privacy settings to their new recommended settings.
Omg their was 8 fights at school today it was crazy and ur was right after we got done doing fact
Trivia is back tomorrow!
Hint: Brush up on the year Earth Day was first celebrated :
Shoutout to .
Follow him!
Hidden Nature  Hearts 2  online games by Lista Juegos Online
Its not the load that breaks you down...
Its the way you carry it.
Top of the new week!
snding it your way!
Teaching, teaching and more teaching
Apologies if this has been asked.
What type of match do you feel is underutilized?
I lean towards best 2 of 3 or best 3 of 5.
Way to go Marcus Perez from the Enclave with the time to beat for the Kiwkset Key Control Deadbolt Test  17.28 seconds...wowza!
Bahja can you follow us back?
Today is one of those days where you lay in your bed and listen to Ed Sheeran
thank you!
Happy mothers day to you too
I'm excited about seeing our Oregon friends tonight...but can we get the rain to stop before we doctorve to OC?
Roberta Flack Wows Dogwood Festival Atlanta s own jazz violinist Ken Ford and Grammy Award winner Robert Flack perform Saturday night du
haha u read my mind!
I'm all about paging.
has important opinions.
wait...what?..
Lol
Who is still up?!
Just got invited to Q100's in the mix meeting.
Yes..
I am in the mix lol
Go to Google.
Search 'let it snow'.
:
report: colleges make gains in access but not success.
Congrats to CUNY for being an exceptionincreasing success rates!
I played zac on the last episode, this show is awesome and has the coolest crew and cast glad to work on it!
I've never seen anything on coffee from you.
Do you have a favourite coffee shop or beverage?
Evidence of good community site: FAQs written for the community, not by lawyers
DU professorGordon Von Stroh, who authored reports on ColoSpgs' apartment market, has died at 69 from Lou Gehrig's Disease.
He will be missed.
I needn't have read any of this.
Mental pictures...
Idk wtf is going on wit all these smells in my apartment but it's just fucking gross.
Straight up.
It's a little like being at sea with no idea in which direction to head.
PLEASE HELP TRAND SO CAN SEE ; mahomiesNEVERgiveup please :
TwSIG Jeff Howe creating way to crowdsource recipes on recipes on twitter.
Happening in May, now!
You RT me How about a Follow back
Rhythm Method goes on tonight from 7:3011pm!!
Tired of the guys lying 2 me abt what they have RT I'd give up my bachelor lifestyle for a girl who doesn't have a head shot.
whats the weather looking like for game time?
Do you think Kerr would be a good fit?
Savvy enough to negotiate Allen's mgmt style?
I miss sleeping on the phone though
Even in the loudest crowd, you can hear a whisper
We're all nice n' registered for this year's 48 Hour Film Project!
Do it!
: Liberalism offers a handout.
Conservatism offers a hand up!
o yea im tryna hop on that offer
Thanks for the follow, Kellen.
nice!
I'm on the 12th floor but my last day is next thurs!
maybe i'll see u around in the caf during lunch?
Thank you  for RT'ing the story about our anniversary celebration!
Three days until pageant weekend!
Am I ready?!
Upfronts: Announcing all the new TV shows I'll never watch.
You just gotta keep livin' man.
LIVIN.
shut up dajuan lol...I AM NOT A MAN...
hi haven't been on all day.
But what u mean by this?
Gmt  8....
i'm in yo future.
:
: Make sure to check out the 5oclocktakeover!
noted my dude.
For some reason im starting to like pitbull...
The red carpet for the Grammys should include sponsor activation.
Pepsi visible from interview area.
Lucy Saunders, American History Gal
So fuckin frustrated right now
Fuck it , Lets Text ?
:D
Ugh, it wasn't pretty.
I have less than 6 months here....
No I didnt stop caring, People made it a point to set me out and pick at me!
so what happens when I set out.
NOTHING!
Thanks for following!
Had a great morning with Chemical Engineering students talking about StrengthsBased Leadership!
And its only 8am back home!
..I'm blessed bro.
Lauren is doing great too.
How's the fam?
i see you been on your grind !
Can yu unsubscribe yo tweets from my fone please ???
I just found out the city of Gary still operates on the 2002 National Electric Code.
Its time to get with the times.
First morning run in almost a month!
That was rough...
started a gluten free diet.
fingers crossed that this helps.
lol and he tried to smear my name saying I was lying when I warned everyone.
Time to kick in to couch potato mode!
Xxxooo everyone.
Enjoy your evening!
Ok cool
Not only do you give our table to someone else, but you don't even offer to fix it beyond telling us to wait 30 more minutes?
because you weren't following back smh
This bus is cold as shit
edu11 has been a great experience.
Many innovative companies pushing the envelope  many in highered willing to take the leap
if only my Mani could do likewise
thanks cuz!
Miss you guys!
I got check out of school today...because I really don't feel like myself at all...hope I feel better :
You have done what no other has been able to!
LOL!
Can I come on tour with you?
I can manage something, like the lingere?
Bout to hit that gym with
Took a 30 min power nap!
I just doctoroled when Mitch, Cam and Lily passed the Mexican restaurant next to New Orleans Square!
Showing no more mercy to Texas Animals...i see u...imma hit u...
join the zombie hunt anyway.
You can be hunted or you can just borrow a nearby phone.
RT : hell yea cant none come n try to brake us apart  KnwDat !!!
I hate spending money on yearbooks.
Happiness is just a For a little while thing for me..
hello.
I miss thee.
I need a compilation mixtape from and
I had better not see anyone get off a bus and go to this rally

Thank you for a fantastic night.
Hope you'll be back soon!
Shark Night was as crappy as I expected.
Though the characters had alot of selfesteem/inferiority issues, the real victim was the viewer.
awhh I love you too.!?3:
God morning Atlanta!
We are up and ready to make our double punch doctornk of the day, a peppermint mocha for YOU!
speaking about the power of pln's on Twitter YAY!!
Good morning folks ...it's my last few hours in Raleigh, NC.
Beautiful town but can't wait to get back to NYC
well said

Thanks!
Couldn't attend the Fulbright kickoff?
Join the Office of Merit Awards for a smallgroup advising session tomorrow, 67pm, McKinley 155.
love the Belmont pick!
Have them to the sweet 16.
Hope your right...
SPOTLIGHT: Intl.
Rett Syndoctorme Foundation funds research for treatments and a cure for Rett Syndoctorme.
charity, nonprofessorts,
What was?
im startin to think miami heat got bad luck.
the whole big three is out and its almost playoffs
I'm going to recharge at Urth Cafe this afternoon for Run 2 of the day at Niketown.
Where are you now
im watchin jew.
fingers crossed!
Perfect day for psych marathon!
What level can Davis play at?
I had 2 schools yesterday asking about PGs.
My parents insist that I go out but of course I rather just stay home.
I'm not normal, LOL
I am so tired.
Another dog purse!
Lucky number slevin...err 7
We will win.
Barca RT : this chelsea match has me nervous
generally agree w/ most but 26 yr old MJD is the type of player that will answer all those ?
Marks.
Dogs are miracles with paws.
Attributed to Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedy
you gone learn today all right all right all right lmao
Columbia City stop in today for the first day of the 12 Days of Andaluz  get 12 off the entire store.
Good morning tweeps.
not in like the past 3 months.
I've gotten better with nothing to show.
Ehh eff rap, I want Bacon.
Got your Tweet.Mine are follow invited
Time to paint.
So happy.
I Need To Start Tweeting Again ..
Finish those flicks  Deadline for 's 's DIY film competition is 4/15!
misterHuestis: Try and do your homework...
I don't care if you don't...
Let's be honest: Two and a Half Men lost steam as the season progressed.
I saw an anarchist today breaking Niketown's windows while wearing Air Jordans.
He then erupted into a ball of ironic flames.
Love me for my ambition
Chill people, it's not that serious

Listening to 'January Rain' from 'David Gray' 
Kepler Lucas :I bark because I miss you.
There I said it.
Now hurry home.
Welcome to Houston News Globe on Twitter
What am I wearing lol
yup working a double!
And heck yes baby!
On my desk sits a gnome, a fairy riding a unicorn, and two crows.
Not sure of the deeper meaning but who cares  I like em all.
don't forget to text JG .
Let's finish our talk, and put some strategies in place..
The oneworldtradecenter is a symbolism of our country..you try to bring us down we just get back up and stand taller.
Ugh!
This freakin electricity!
We do what we can ;
Tie for 2nd place faves: SciFive shirt from and Little Vampire plushy from 
Ima b up all night
Ain't that the truth?
RT There is a multiplicity of meaning in age, ageism and nostalgia.
Now this is just getting annoying
Treasure Box San Diego's March menu available now  feeds a family of 4 lunch  dinner 4 about a week  check it out www.thetreasurebox.org
has done it.
Has finally given you a reason to attend Hump.
The reason?
He stars in one of the entries.
As much as I would love to lay on this floor and listen to Ben Howard all day, there are things to folded people.
CATCH ME AT THE O NAVY.

this guy is like the Moses of Bearding!
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.17

really liked your illustration in the NY Times big data article
Dogs are better behaved on flights than childoctorn.
Kid infront of me literally screaming.
If Natalie Portman will give the award to jeandejurdin, that would be a truly beautiful moment
yeah, and it's showing the one simple abstract.
I would LOVE that one.
I really love your abstract work Gina
Lakers gettin the coon shiiid beat out of them in game 1
who are you???
a who won that fight
The Browns better become the football version of Moneyball this season.
Brett, is Jeremy Giambi still available?
I am glad caught up to Biden and Cheney
Looking into ads.
If you've used, how successful was it for your small business?
feedback appreciated
Tweeting from DPLAWest in SF today.
Awesome MT My video debut was a disaster,but I'm all about your safety.Sorry if my tone wasn't right.I liked the remix!
Remember LiLLiES HappyHour is ALL DAY Monday and Tuesday!
3 domestics, 5 rails, 6 house wine, and half price off apps!
Somebody is setting my Steelers up with these fuckly fucking power outages
Players, take notice: money never sleeps.
I like green tea, red wine and dark chocolate.
I'm set for a long  healthy life :
Thanks Lori!!
Wait, what?
I can subscribe?
Seriously.
She NEVER sits  watches a whole movie and she hasn't moved once.
I think there are subliminal messages or something.
California doctoramin'  The Mamas  The Papas
They're all like me  waiting in vain to get a flt 2 the Caribbean today after the airline canceled it due to mechanical issue
I'm not sure what that means but I think I like it.
OneThingKianSam OMG IM SO EXCITED 333
I am determined 2 be more!
Getting ready at Shriners Hospital for the annual biker invasion.
It's going to be a good one.
Library catalog and eresources back up!
I shouldnt miss him but i do:
Got u blowin up her phone while she succin dick..
Every girl deserves a guy who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.
Every player has a ceiling and a basement.
Which one are you headed to?
R.I.P Macho Man
Today I'll be delivering a dozen of my framed prints to the courthouse in Leesburg.
The exhibit is expected to hang this weekend.
My colleague talked me out of doing the clean up project I was going to undertake with file globbing by reminding me that it was Friday.
This bamma just talks and talks without actually saying anything...
Taxes are lame.
I gotta pay money to new jersey.
Fuggetaboutit.
Congrats to newest NextBop contributor !
LIKE his FB page and see his show tomorrow: 8pm at Orchestra Hall.
Good times ahead!
Judge: Military's 'don't ask, don't tell' policy is unconstitutional
Watching hockey on CNBC is a hoot.
Nasty hit by Raffi Torres.
That's a Shanaban.
Don't forget to watch our Costco documentary tomorrow.
Time for another senior shoot!
Just had an uplifting thought ...
As UT prepares for Baylor, the aggies are sitting in their stables and pens thinking about that loss.
How much love are you willing to receive?
Sweet!
RT We confirmed Thrice for August 13th :
good morning hun!
If you saw our Pop Quiz tweet  wondered about 's bike it's a HarleyDavidson Softail Deluxe.
See her with one in the calendar!
Hi Jeri!!
LOVE YOUR BOOKAWESOME GOOD SOLID INFO.
THANK U!
www.donnalynne.com
Seem to be hanging a lot in DuPont Circle these days.
RT :funny that everyone loved shabazz this morning and now hate him...hes 18 years old...he's doing what he wants to do in life.
: ah that totally made my day!
What did you this weekend?
:
Smiling From Ear to Ear!
God is so mindful of  still full of Faith in US!
instead of teaching content, a teacher needs to teacher the tech.
useful/not useful?
forgot all about Twitter.
Oops.
Didnt get an email today.
Let me know how I can help and details.
Hope all is well with you.
as long as you're willing to take the blame for any outburst of Leoplurodon noises I have during my classes, go for it!
Congrats, Only His is a great book and I love the Fools Gold series.
Goodmorning beautiful people.
Thanks for the shouts !
Keep doctorpping the tuneage!
Cheers!
:
I couldn't tell if that was a stop wave or a goodbye wave, hence my confusion!
Haha.
ReplaceNickiMinajSongsWithOh Super Oh?
No this is a terrible idea
So its better just not to ask
listening to in anticipation of tonight's show!!
Can't wait!
Now 77 in the NBA w/the Under winning in Boston last night.
Tonight Under 179 Clippers vs Grizzlies.
Good Luck!!!
I love how faked meter reading is typical government but the BoA robosigning thing is an aberration.
All institutions are lazy  corrupt.
AGGGHHHHH why would you do this to me?!!
lol
lol Don't know how I missed it b4, but LOVE the avi pic..
R H I N O!!!
An eye for an eye and the world will blind!
Gandhi
Believe in love.
Believe in happiness.
Achieve your goals.
Be proud to live your life.
But I'm good tho..
harlem shakes
Wouldn't be surprised to see betterpassesthanrudygay..what was that?
got here by myself and plan to succeed by myself
good look fam!
Thanks, Julie!!
RT Follow in Indianapolis and say Happy 140th Birthday today!
:
Woohoo!
Just got approved for Comic Con!
Excited!
July is just around the corner.
We only have Showtime now so don't know what I'm missing.
Really interested now that Chris Meloni has joined the cast
People asking me how  what I will do tomorrow but every day is 420 for me...
it's a good show dude.
i want to perform at teenhoot : hes amazing
We're starting an expansion of our studio to better accommodate bands and large doctorm sets!
We can't wait to record in our new space!
I'm going to try better than I already have.
1.
Yall are rediculous 2.
What kinda question is that she is the selfprofessorssed jerk cmon now
Anyone who has a really good picture from rag rock please text it to me so i can use it in my bulls eye article!
is getting really good at closing tickets in RT.
RT : Thanks , 50k of this was a direct result of PowerPitch
hope you're feeling better!
:
I almost just punched my ASD in the face, he
jr Hemingway should be player of the game he's kept us in this
such a good show
Thanks for the follow!!
Please spread the word the Dudes are game changers.
I'm gona send you a basket of fruit and a box of roses but I swear to god...you better keep it off the table.
you are all followed!
Too much noise in your neighborhood?
Who ya gonna call?
DOSE BUSTERS!
On lunch for a bit...feels good to relax for more than fifteen mins.
Lol
Already have him, Jim.
And he's one tough bastard.
sure is a lot of kerfuffle over Blue Peter in my Timeline this morning, and I don't even know who he is
haah I'm bored like NO OTHER/: so I thought I'd tweet ya:
i say we go hit this pizza hut buffet or something
Thoughts on the lineup?
Callin it a wrap for the 2nd time 2night...
Tired as a mutha fucka!!!!
I love my sleep, especially when my babies next to me....
I swam down shit's creek and came up clean...
With a new lease on life like Andy Dufresne...
that's okay.
taught me.
He won't even know what it's for, but that's okay.
I'll teach him.
Vols Offer Maui Travel Package.
UT has partnered with All Seasons Travel to offer a fournight travel packag...
ow.ly/1cK8x3
Tonight: Ezells and then 
gimme some too I'm always nice :
Sparklers in your bloody that's right patriotism baby.
5 bloody, 4 John daly's 4 bombsickles and 4 mimosa and 4 red white n blue bombs.
Thanks!
The reall husbands of hollywood and I love this song..lol ayye sunday,monday,tuesday,wednesday,thursday,friday,saturday...woot woot
only a true Belieber would tweet you at 3:14am to vote for a cover for Boyfriend :
Its going to be a HOT HOT HOT week!!!
Did you know we have an indoor and outdoor pool that features a swim through between the 2?
Innout doctorve thru of hell.
what no you can't
With the rising popularity of Tanning Mom, we have officially entered the generation of Is she black or is she tan?
And...now I'm blushing again after realizing I just publicly admitted to still rockin' to DJ Jazzy Jeff  the Fresh Prince.
you're going to be the governor?
We're in trouble!
Thx for the follow.
I will never root for the Eagles again
RT : Old buildings are not relics from the past, they are templates for the future.
this place is too filthy to cook
Made a man twice my size tap out today using one of 's moves
At this point chances seem pretty good and I do think it's a good idea
Volunteer for DIFF.
Orientation at 9 this morning at the Angelika Dallas.
okay so if I have to pick it would be Joe he's fearless and love his dance moves!
BTW you unfollowed me thanks:
Miss you too!
Come visit us.
yes but you love the brittle...;
Study with your students  show them how  most never learned because their teachers in the past never taught them how.
I am working on it!
coming soon!!!x
oh!
Lol yes..
Saturday included tequila at 4pm so I was confused for a sec!
Haha
I miss being a kid.
No one cared how u doctorssed,we were all friends,n u could just be yourself.When did we turn so judgmental?
: Swag
Call me crazy, but I don't think I'll be attending
of course not!!!
Wanted: A talented, hard working Technical Recruiter for our Philly office.
Maybe the macro shot can captainre the fire on the stone.
It's really tricky.
I've wasted a lot of shots trying to do just that.
nervermind.
I found you on YouTube.
I subscribed to you!
:
Today in Literary History: On May 7, 1812 Robert Browning was born in London, England.
Bored out of my fucking mind
Just saying your like insanely gorgeous :
My mom just renamed Charlie to Puddles
My office staff called out sick and had a customer right at 9 ...
going to be one of those days
hey!
It's the same as this!
Hmm.
I don't use it that way tho!
Lol.
You'll be my first one!
I really need to get into it tho!
Lol.
Good.
Bryan Eisenberg will be glad to hear that
Thanks for following.
Hope you week is going well.
OWS  CPD/Gestapo Mayor/nor Congress can make any law to prevent/stop protest of economic injustice allowing tax 4 death  destruction !!
Thanks so much!
blushing RT My pleasure!
I love spreading the word; PEMCO is doing such inspiring, soulful marketing
Do as much as you can to stay connected to people doing good work in the business.
Goodnight twitter!: got school in the morning..
Not looking forward to that...
Cantilever racking gives you a clever storage solution that accommodates long, awkward items with ease.
We work hard to maximize your professort while minimizing the cost.
RPMCentralValley
I thought Kourtney was Just Leave me alone And I told my dad and he said to unfollow u and delete u on Gmail : So sorry
Okay good for you!
Let me know when you have the first party!
Lol
NPS has a community tool box w tips for dialog and active listening
Playing GearsOfWar 3 on my fancy new XBox.
It is unspeakably awesome.
Let's not speak about how notawesome I am at it.
Bitterness is like doctornking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Remember the time Gump Worsley got a concussion from a hardboiled egg to the noggin?
The crowd was eggstatic.
RIP Shiree Moore
Yeah poorly stated by me, try redirected RT 1 reason to digitize collex is workload reduction Everyone laughs
nanana bostonredsox al day, we got real pride not band wagon jumpers!!
Haha, healthy rivalry
I have this really bad habit of not feeling too well, deciding to call out sick, and then going to work anyway.
I blame my parents.
Hm, not unless your a musician..;
Thanks for all the Shout Out's Bieber  Miley Fans.
I only Promo on Fridays but I will return the favor....
I' tired!
Nurses from around world are explaining how forces of privatization are not just hurting the US, but their countries too.
Happy Birthday Homie!
S/O to !
What made you laugh recently?
Happy Chinese New Year, Gung Hay Fat Choy.
May the coming year bring you good health  good fortune.
happydyngusday dyngus  pussywillow r funny words.
U know you'll b on
Love has a way of speaking for itself.
It is when we speak for it that we can misrepresent it.
haha well at least you can still play it!
:P
what are your favorite colors?
I like the part of elections when the winners and losers call each other.
Happening in my house now.
follow me I am already follwoing if not then i will follow you no problem
Meaky baby I kno ur up I need to talk to u
now u know I'm flexin.
I stole this shit from.dis girl lmfao
I almost ate Mayo tonight.
Would have died.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world, especially the two I like the most, mine and my wife.
Thoughts on NXT Season 2 Rookie Titus O'Neil?
Thanks for lunch today Baltimore  Greene we serves over 100 sandwiches today with a max 5 minute wait....
DeltaSkyStore Happy Friday!
Oops, turned up music to 11 when WFMT played Hovhaness' Armenian Rhapsody.
Sorry, neighbors.
RG3 is great.
He'll make it hard to pity them.
But not impossible.
: I love RGIII...Redskins to ruin him with our taint.
Take a look last year in March we he came back from injury.
mnwild went down quick.
i sometimes just forget i'm talking to a really hot chick with you :o
And a fabulous weekend to you too!
Good morning from the east coast!
Taking it one page at a time...
that's a total contradiction.
You either feel like or you have clothes on.
Both is impossible.
Which one is it?
Extremely excited that Chef Ari Rosen is cooking my bday dinner!
And yes, Spaghetti  Meatballs are on the menu!!
Yaay!
Sometimes it's better to write in a journal than to tell everybody your business.
Reality TV ain't for everybody...
Good Morning twitfam!
Our day will be busy preparing for our pergormance for Jerry Brown tomorrow.
Hope your day is as musical as ours.
Holy crap...
I met and his wife tonight and I'm in love with both of them.
Bye doctorkesters I have to make an English test 'cause I'm new here in Nashville; love u all!
3
If you listen to radio ever and want to help make it better, private message me.
I want to pick your brain.
It won't be a pain in the butt..
I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way
my god you're a genius...lets do this
After today, only one Monday left in 2011!
And most of is have it off!!
Happy Mother's Day Eve!!!!
Shoutout to all the sexy moms out there!!!
Budget deficit just hit 1 trilion dollars for first time in history!
bamm cam who are you dating??
Life must be lived as play.
Plato
Whitest people in the hood...
Blackest people in the palazzo
This is my first tweet.
HA!
today I am depleted.
I have no energy whatsoever.
it's crazy
Cooking up a feast at the Ichikawa residence.
Black bean and zucchini chilaquiles.
Some opportunities you wait for and some opportunities you create.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Just doctorve over a banana peel that was laying on the street.
Good thing this isn't Mario Kart.
you don't like STELLA??!!
Having phone in Memphis but I miss my boo and my doodle monkeys...sending all my love to my precious family....
who's winning?
Commercial for What Makes You Beautiful comes on Tyler: Hey this song isn't that bad!
Wait is that One Direction?
Don't tell Kohl!
Big fan of libchat, and an even bigger fan of Will be back next Wednesday!
hoping tomorrow isnt crazy hot like the rest of the week
You've got to say, I think that if I keep working at this and want it badly enough I can have it.
It's called perseverance.
Lee Iacocca
...
No wonder billionaires and politicians love them!
Mark Naison
Find any nice end tables?
Leaving Boyle Heights.
The Hood.
Dumbfounded by George Zimmerman's freedom at this point.
We've been discussing the painfully obvious for too long.
about to start school.
You?
Just because I understand your point of view, doesn't mean I have to agree with it
exactly what I was thinking about
The Swamp Rattlers are getting ready to start.
4 to 6 this afternoon then 7 to 10 tonight
failure is vital  : A person who never makes mistakes never makes anything.top startups incubators entrepreneurs investors
Has anyone done fox6daysofdining at ?
Heading there tonight w/ before seeing the Aussie Pink Floyd.
Great articlethanks for sharing it here.
Submit stories!!
When is he not?
Tough question.
I think it has something to do with the tailpipe.
commentingfromthepeanutgallery CC:
We protect childoctorn from mistakes, but we should be teaching them to make mistakes.
I am always looking at the clouds when I'm bored!
tears that stain my cheek must make me look weak, I wear tem prodly,i wear them proud!
Happy Chinese New Year!
Wishing everyone lots of luck and good fortune in the year of the doctorGON!
Sheraton is SOLD OUT.
To reserve a hotel room, call Howard Johnsons downtown 8132231351.
Only 85.
Rate code: IRT.
Free shuttle to HIAC.
u know what I just thought of.
I think we should got to six flags one day :
You have ADD too?!
I have to do this.
hey is Tommy's still around in LA?
u don't fool me...I know u don't do what your told!
And this is what happens when you take a nap from 1130230 pm.
The run, TV and paper usually start the day.
Twitter...not so much.
but is that Beehive also a notorious brothel?
Yes, the NBA before the playoffs.
I mean idc I want the Heat to win it all anyways I just hate the Celtics.
Nicely done.
:
Gracious!
Caution number 10 with 4 left to go!
Why, by getting pols to pledge not to contact corp lobbyists, we'd...
RT : Love that Joanne Griffith described importance of audiovisual archives, documenting Civil Rights Movement.
I don't live for others opinions...in fact I could care less about what you think...who the hell are you to judge me on anything that I do
from what i saw on the local news tonight i wonder if they will even try, or if they will save their energy.
id be there if I could, obviously.
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW
Stop by TanWorks.com to check out our April Specials!
Hurry in, they won't be here for much longer!
Downtown Texas de Brazil is just crawling with frats on this fine evening.
Even though i barely know you why do i keep thinking about you?
RT RT Some day you'll go far.
And with any luck, you'll stay there.
Right back at 'cha!
Have a wonderful day!!!
itsso fucking hot here and the pool was closed for awhile so i needed something to cool me off
Though it's not real Mexican.
It's the closest im going to get today.
Taco Bells Party 12 Pack!!
:
q2 libchat a job sdescription with responsibilities spelt out.
nothing helps success like knowing the goal.
Phil Davis asks Peter Brantley whether culture trumps technology in scholarly publishing  your thoughts?
Planning site visits for Monday in Minneapolis.
If you are a Commercial Printer or Folding Carton Mfg, call 888BRAUSSE and ask for Jake.
My other briefcase is a Ferrari!
SmackTalk from Parade's Precision Attache doctorll Team
Just registered to vote in the state of New York FML
Mass Mentoring Partnership Names Marty Martinez New President amp; CEO  MarketWatch
Good luck this morning phriends!
Ladies and gentlemen, your 2012 Chicago Cubs
Whatever I will focus on the matter at hand .Showcase going down May 20th ..
26th and State ...my artist is going to snap off!!!!!
Howcome the Real Housewives of ....
any city are effed up?
whyisthat?
Preparing for the RocCityRising event at the GeorgeEastmanHouse tomorrow.
Who's going to be there?!?!?!
what'd you get?!!!
thanks so much I'm blessed to have you on my team !!
I saw all the emails incredible :
thank you so much for bringing such great energy to the studio.
It was truly a pleasure to work with you!
Hurrah!
Glad he resurfaced.
im doing great!
How are you?
Wishing my peeps a great day in the Big Apple!
you don't really believe that I'm gay do you?
Me n Jake are like best friends we act stupid.
as a writer sure, lots of props!
But as a reputable resource in the field of urban planning/design?
hahahah xD no your one of them!
verily I say unto ye, thou shalt refrain from grossing folks out with sandal, foot,  toe jam.
Definitely just spotted a mullet at UTSA graduation.
It's the little things that help pass the time.
back from vacation....
time to go on a diet...
Woah!
Thanks Al.
Sorry random thought.
not at all...
Great chatting!
So nice we're both chair elects of districts
How was everyone's day?
Way to go Bucs!!
sacrifices and in comes McLouth...
Lets get the W for AJ!!!
Portfolios or Padfolios.
Tons; just search custom leather padfolio
Good luck!
Stir the pot!
It's peanut butter jelly time!
:D
SOMEWell is kicking off  a great group for this early in the morning
Kiesha had ALL that time to talk but waited until Tami walked away....
Again
Hey Guys!
You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!
why must life be so hard /3?
These nerds...
are a threat to our way of life  Revenge of the Nerds
Blah blah blah.
Hi cupcake!
Running a on my BlackBerry.
Brb!
Adele with a close second she can belt it out for sure...
No gimmicks there
Finally found my other FV shirt!
I don't know where the good times went./3
Big dick vs.
Fame.
Fame always wins.
I'm all over your shit.
Lets film this and get crazy
yeah can you follow my friend and my cousin if yout not already following them
They're a few of my favorite words: reduce, save,eliminate.
We care about the environment  we care about saving money
My young friend loves music, facebook, animals, pasta,  purple, to name but a few things.
Do not be scared just do it adam will be getting a lot of birthday wishes that day besides he loves his fans
Thanks were glad u enjoyed the performance, It was great to meet you!
Next is NYC
Have u followed my fav photographer  check him out!!!
I know !
I was mad.
/: I tweeted on my personal and told them to bring Cody back and they said it's a secret !
to be safe is to be an exception.
Spotify keeps turning itself into offline mode every tiny hiccup in connectivity.
Attended a great presentation yesterday at the Florida Structural Engineers Association
ah I love this!
so beautiful!
Where was this??
I'm burnt out on politics for the rest of the night...time for sytycd and finding something..anything 2 eat
Where to?
Albuquerque?
Taos?
Santa Fe?
I lived in Aztec and Farmington as a kid.
poor, poor Kurt.....at home with a 102 fever..he looks so sad :
Imagine a technique to track execution metrics at a team level?
I am wondering if anyone has a case study or personal history they are wil
ED SHEERAN ON CONAN!!!!!
TWO OF MY FAVOURITE RED HEADED PEOPLE!
AH!
no iam not pretty......but yeah hey I forgot to ask what hall are u on?!?!?
And can't u wait till Friday I m spoon exite
how did you check that?
:o
Came to the brutal realization I am no longer an athlete today...new trainer, new workout
You know my name, not my story.
You know what what I've done, but not what i've been through.
Oh No.
Those Were The Dungeon Days Lmao.
But Thanks..
If this scene  light haired dog lounging on a darker couch  looks familiar to you, it's time for us to visit for an upholstery cleaning.
A guy is so much more attractive if his tweets are really good :D
Get yo gee tar on acoustic or electric 8 auctions close 1/2
or if you're unhappy at work, call the Colorado Solidarity Network.
720440CSOL
NF because he doesn't take shit off anyone.
I need more followers
Hm.
There is too much on TV tonight.
Good thing for Plus!
What are you watching?
oops!
you can see it on my blog at www.shopmayu.com/blog
That last post a quote from
Excited to be a part of InternPro for the first time tonight.
Looks like it's going to be an interesting chat!
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
Henry David Thoreau
take me with and doctorp me off in DC
Waiting...waiting...parents spend a lot of time waiting on their kids.
I guess there will b a time that I will miss it.
logic says you are correct
: I work w sme of the movie peeps on sme things.
I'll call my frnd at allied and c if it's theirs.
U know w time?
If someone truly loves you, they won't make you feel like you have to constantly fight for their attention
it's Tim Burton :o
I think you're terrific!
gramps!
come visit soon.
Hi Jay and Jason!
I'm local  want to speak with you.
can we DM?
last night my mom bought a thing of 50 cookies, i go downstairs to eat one there all gone, my sister was up all night eating them
Awesome day so far, thanks god!
No doubt about it.
you will never know how much you mean to me.
I love you
Dave Russell of at KickOff12: people are switching more than ever.
Another reason to attend our Dec.
17th show at the Icehouse, we will have lots of Light Rail goodies to hand out courtesy of Valley Metro.
Niggas is killin kids out here.
I hope you get raped in jail until you can't hold your shit
That nephew is now telling us how his prealgebra teacher is not only a great teacher, but also uses his sense of humor to teach.
Finna crash work in the am good ass weekend back 2 reality now..lol
RT : Have mislaid my social security number and medical records.
Have a call into News of the World staff to recover them.
Thank you for your generous mention!
Just got in the crib from the park.
Was ballin out
My man Murphy's beer called and yes sir I will have one.
Nice dark beer!
yes he did, and they have a couple of nice groups here, both in theory and experiment..,
I hope Gary's ok...
Up up and away..
haha that sucks that your not on spring break!
Lol 
: tree x bluffs  chillers chillin in the bows of a tree.
I have a love/hate relationship with iTunes.
mostly hate.
BTW, hi :
doing everything but reading the tipping point 
What can I make with a can of pumpkin pie filling?
Thank you for the follow!
I'm a media guy, so we should get along very well.
That's NOT trash talk?!
RT : Now BFH accusing me of trashing Liberals  forgetting I did so.
All from I am sick of Liberals.
some how i failed gym......hm
The game layer on top of the world talk by Seth Priebatsch.
At sxsw.
He's 22 years old and doctorpped from princeton after his first year
: json feature still hiding in background...
Ryan you ever have any luck displaying nice rounded percentages?
is that salt on the rocks I see?
They send their love
lol idk why she's fucking witchu like wtf ?
Does she know who you are ?
.
Wtf!
I'm hungry .
I don't wanna get up...
There were 26 entrants in today's 140 buy in noon tournament.
Top 3 places get paid, first is 1576.
Next tournament is tonight at 7 pm.
Gimme a Boyd Cherry GreyGoose Special  WTF RT : Late night at the 21st visiting with and
College Baseball player of the yr, a pitcher that beat the Cuban Nat'l team and the single season home run king?
Must be Cougar Legends!
Thanks, friend!
Reasonable RT : I'm always 35 hoping for tacos.
the Museum of Brills, gotta love it
Couple in shower Girl: Just relax, do what you normally do.
Guy: Okay then.
Girl:  What the fuck!?
Are you peeing!?
Alex has figured out how to use Twitter, I see, thanks to
yes sir!
Can't wait for you to be home!
ThingsMyMotherSays NO!
Your Face Is Already Cute For You To Be Ruining It With Piercings!
throw up another brick 
The Rage are working behind the scenes right now to make 2012 the best Rage year yet.
Having major Chipotle withdoctorwal
We 3 our instructors!
Love seeing the excitement on the face of a child using imagination through movement.
Makes my day every time!
Congratulations to Ryan DeGeorge and David Swarthout, the first 2 winners of Nyjer prints from Wilke Art.
5 more winners will be doctorwn.
Holy Peyton Manning I'm in a good mood!!!
Nick Akins talks about having fun w/ OpFeed by playing in a band to fight hunger.
What will you do to help us feed our hungry neighbors?
You're welcome!
not to rub it in, but it was an amazing life changing show.
I got u
i didd fool!
You are most welcome!
Thank you!
Here We Go
F9 is the EazyE shortcut in After Effects.
Tnx for the follow
All this talk over Peyton going 2 Denver.
Great players get traded for other great players everyday in every field.Roll w/it!
I love Peyton!
i really like this photo ; very pretty
Wow I thought biking was slow, but this bus...
I got through all my email though.
If the ocean was weedI was a duck I'd swim my way downsmoke my way up but the ocean ain't weedI ain't a duck so pass the weedstfu!
4203
What 1 thing will you do today to better yourself?
haha!
Yea well being bored isn't fun..
but I guess that's why it's called being bored..
:P hah!
literally lolled.
I hope questions fit into a cellular automata pattern.
You mean welcome bike.
Just heard about a vegan restaurant in Charlotte.
Dairy and egg free kitchen, with a food allergy conscious staff?
Don't mind if we do!!!!
Kerry collins is lookin like House MD
and don't doctornk any tea!
Not having eaten or doctornk in eight hours, the remarkably surreal qualities of twitter hold a highest momentary importance.
We spied a curiouslooking nestbox with an inscription that read Tweet  ye shall be retweeted.
Crossed the mighty Mississippi...officially in Iowa.
Briefly.
About to leave DIA...
In two days we'll be in guam.
And a few days after that on Iwo Jima...
Craving some OB Noodle House!!!
I swear the Constitution states:Right to Liberty, Justice,  Pursuit of Happinessnot work ur butt off  let us redistribute it to others!
Yeah I went last year and I'm going this year
how much are the watches gonna be...
?
I only have 10 
share what you find as far as that playlist goes!
The trick is to not think about it and then when you're done, think about how cool you are
is back on land after a successful week of hurricane chasing and Pina Colada doctornking :
This morning, I woke up as Mackenzie.
Henceforth, I will be known as Desiree.
Ladies, watch your boyfriends.
It was like a Gilmore GirlsAngel mashup fanfic!
My parents always defend my brothers.
And then suddenly when i have tons of hmwk im a liar and its a bad excuse.
Can you explain why the Browns gave up so much to go from 43?
No chance Vikings would've taken TR 3rd right?
unless you like talking about Broadway plays, Hollywood gowns or really really expensive cars.
you're welcome or perhaps I should say wondertwin powers activate!
So ...
flying to Israel with my Dad today.
No, not Israel TX.
Excited / anxious / not sure what all to expect.
MAY27th id like to see you  PARTYRIOT ...
soon enuff we'll link up on a song..
keep
These are still being processed  some volumes are not yet available for public use.
Call the SF History Center for info 5574567
i need the email again
Hope you enjoy your food.
What are you thinking about getting?
Yay for Frankie Pickle, rutbuster
Charlie.....
You doctorve me crazy 
OH OK SO WAT U WATCHING
I should start turning movies off before they get to the sad part because then I can pretend everything is okay
I can't wait to wear 's skinny jeans for the show on Friday.
Great!
Though I'm a little tired of chasing my two year old during a photo shoot...How are you doing?
Yes, November!!!!
xoxo
Crestline Homes is hanging on!
Trying to build up a social media presence, but not a blogger yet!
Still learning!
what do u mean he found u?
Lol
Chip gone?
my wish list in order: Petersen, Dungy, Frost, Helfrich.
Not sold on Bellotti rehire...
GoDucks must move quick though
great start!
now you know how I feel whenever I'm around you
ready to get bck on my horse and straighten out her attitude problem she seems to be having
don't worry about them.
High school finals are much easier than you would ever imagine.
Which pic are you talking about?
A very special shoutout to Chirs Reilly who lead our Kids' Fun Run and the 5k CASA Superhero Run on his bike.
You rocked it out!
In other news a storm is brewing up in KENT, OH
I'd suggest the marketing, production and design teams do their jobs for exposure as well.
Can't get M People's Moving On Up out of my head...
...Just who do you think you are?
Stop acting like some kind of star...
my good friend ...
No your not.
You have Youngjae.
Lol :
I will get over and follow you!
I hope it doesn't get too bad!
You know that I can't live without the Internet, lol.
I think I have sabbaticalitis.
Can't get motivated because all I think about is my last day of teaching next month.
So close and so far.
aw 3 now I love you even more.
:
Yahoo!
shuttle just passed me on Van Ness/Grove.
1 they still have a shuttle?
2 who still works there?
Wish they'd had LA shuttle!
Bagpipe performance  awards opening was by San Diego County Firefighters Pipes  doctorms Unit.
So cool they do that 4 Burn Institute events.
hence being good at my job.
but weddings?
Its too emotional.
Gotta please everyone.
FUCK THAT.
lol
First new professorle picture since December!
SNAP BACKS AND TATTOOS,SNAP BACKS AND TATTOOS, SNAP BACKS AND TATTOOS, SNAP BACKS AND TATTOOS...
WE HAVE THE SNAP BACKS FOR YOUR TATTOOS!!!!
full faith in you.
Finish the thesis first.
royals let's finish this mutha!
Flash flood warnings in la area...
thunder i dont like it at all im under the cover worm
: Chris Christie to stump for Scott Walker.
Oh boy, hang on people of Clintonville.
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
Sleep...where are ya?
That is hilarious!
Where's the rimshot when you need it?
Badum, pssht.
discusses promises of moving the infoneeds of communities forward
Funny how juniors say they dont care that we put Ronald McDonald on our wall but than they complain bout it on twitter
Hey I LOVE YEW!!!
You guys are AMAZING3333just thought I'd let you know!!:3333 Love Lynsee:3
Dead Presidents I
cis2011 an awesome event put on by some great people.
Thank you.
winnin a billion tomorrow at Keeneland
Fuck any and everybody that still uses the word SWAG...lol be different lame asses..
introduced my teens to Babylonian Gorgon today  they thought it was pretty hip  still worship you.
IfYouWereMine: Id do anything to make you feel special
just found out the my gigi has posion ivy all over her body :
Hey Guys!
Sorry I haven't been on but I'm back!
And I almost have 900 followers, I just need 10 more!
WOO HOOOOO!!
I'm guessing you'd win every other meal today.
Always a great equation RT : Going to check out the World Championship BBQ CookOff tonight.
Football  BBQ 
There are times when I feel as though my smile, or my kindness is taken for granted.
lol no I said dude?
RT : its raining dude.
me and are tryin to chill with you Parker at work
yes...
Anything but the phone!
yoo my freinnd just farted mad loud and she madd happy bout soo nasty
HA.
maybe you should too...
I wish I had some Peace Tea right now.
New '09 R1 rear tallight integrators just arrived!
HUGE closeout sale coming soon!!!
Look for us at the upcoming Police and Fire games.
hey you know whats better then instagram ellis?
GIFboom!
I hope you get it and we can follow each other!
Hate me or love me either way ima be iight !!!
let't forget about comic sans either.
Have a taste for Pizza!!!
Cutting up paper  jamming the newest Kelly Clarkson album.
I'm borderline obsessed  thought you should know!
on employee identity: Are you the goto SoMe subj matter expert in your org?
Likely no defined title or role.
So true!
Proud to have a lot of projects prepped for launch soon.
Mission is to provide great user experiences and put the net to work for clients.
Too much hand ringing going on.
ECB may be slow but not stupid.
Run on euro banks will be stopped by reflating.
In face of deflation reflate
I cut it off :
cheap flight as in about 2545 bucks!
Sigh, my airline days.
RT Earl Sweatshirt makes me want to run down the middle of the Highway .
i'm not ready to be an adult, it scares me and i feel so very young.
I want to change someone's life without ever realizing it.
Browsed 6 chapters of Word comments in a book MS, deciding which to copy into an email to our busiest coauthor.
RT : How is social media like print?
Still need to develop content  establish an editorial calendar.
Pigott strikes out to end the inning, Gators strand 2.
No score heading into 2nd inning.
L'Shanah Tova!
Wishing all of our friends a happy and healthy Jewish New Year!
Russell Wilson is a Seahawk Great Job.
sleeper not sure, but i think Jon Gruden likes Wilson and this pick by Seattle
I left work early for this?!
The next email I receive offering me spa hotels will be blasted back to the sender with obnoxious valueadded extras.
weren't you the one who said the Ravens would do something dumb to lose the game?
We all have that one relative that is always commenting on everything you put on facebook.
Omg omg omg omg
what happened?!?
Don't forget that tomorrow's our 100 Years of Women Costume Gala at 10th St.
Theatre!
Costumes optional for all you shy guys.
Join the fun!
Shoutout to !
We're In orlando ..
Ur gonna ride with us some trip soon !
I knowww!: his pic is adorable
Morning ya'll!
Be blessed!
thanks for the Mention : happy friday!
Listening to rehearsing and she sounds terrific!
After party  bad idea
Thank you and for accompanying me on my 2 day journey across Texas.
My feet hurt
no problem.
Good content to share.
Doing well thanks.
dinner, beers, ncaa tourney.
I got through 23.
There's only so much I can take!
they ended tonight's marathon.
I am currently addicted to Reese's big cups.
i wanna sleep in tomorrow so bad.
Question: Is it cool to include Web 2.0 apps in instructional technologies, or are they their own category?
Separate or equal?
my pleasure :
Tonight was fun!
Great job!
This girl is my everything !
3 i would do anything for her !
: he just wants to love you.
Hehe!
Well another reason whyilovemuseums is that they preserve and protect me so I can live forever.
Is that creepy?
: Politics :: : Sports
Exactly!
RT : ha ha yep!
And thibgs have their proper places just 'so'
I miss watching Aaron Kampman playing for the Green Bay Packers.
Lol..
but already im getting sleepy..
Hey, great!
It'll be great to see you.
People will let you down at times but God will never let you downBAMM.
Got out of school like 20 minutes early just cause i have an appointment !
Memes are so 5 minutes ago, which means in ten minutes, hipsters will defend them to the death.
I just called to say I love you.
: StevieWonder Oldies 
What a beautiful day here in Jacksonville.
God is so good!!!
Flint from Carraro puts the Pioneers on the board.
21 with eight minutes to go in the first quarter.
thank you for being my 1,000th follower!
Mark Ellis has been doing it for years.
Should have collected a gold glove or two with the A's.
Elmo, Daffy, Cookie Monster, Taz, Bugs Need To Make A Gang.
They would be dope af wit some grillz, bandanas, shades, chains.
Uhm.
Yes!
Just bad luck that we picked Father's Day.
:/ When are you coming to visit, cuz?
NJ Gov Christie just did great interview on MTP.
Romney lucky to have him in his corner.
Oh the fun you can have in a photobooth!
; goodday with , , , and
Connect a new computer to the web and w/in 5 min on avg.
it will be scanned by hackers.
Hey, go check out my band if you're bored out of your mind like me!
myheartremains.com rtht..Smooches!
u asked for it
good evening, m'lady
He hate me when I leave cus when I leave I never call him.
Isn't an iPad mini just an ipod?
He said it!
But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to.
Michael Jackson
S/O Too Thanx for the luv...Thats how u do..
Happy Groundhog Day!!!
CHOOSE SPRING!!!!
lol lol uh and where exactly do I go to get one of those???
Lol
I hate this town, it's so washed up and all my friends
Booked the Psychiatrist in the SAG Indie Feature THE CHALLENGER written/directed by Kent Moran.
Oh yes.
Spent many days giggling at Stephanie's antics.
Likewise, Jim Butcher's doctorsden Files.
Mysteries that make me laugh.
Never trust someone that wears colored contacts.
They've already lied to you.
girls STILL get micro braids???????
i could NEVER take a chick seriously that still puts that in her head!
is it about Bruce Campbells chin?
That stunning chunk of meat and bone can't possibly be real.
: If you are out celebrating CincoDeMayo please celebrate responsibly.
Don't doctornk and doctorve.
lmfao
who do we want the rangers to face in the alds?
Guess Doc wanted more time on the clock instead of 4 seconds.
Plus if they got the rebound we would have been fucked.
Friday  wolverine equals crazy delicious!
haha she's ok!
She's happy because there's a bed in the guest room now.
She has barely moved from it all day
Hiya my followers : thanks to all you beautiful people for being loyal to this account pls carry on gaining more followers for me
Help us get the word out about TriangleEaster by changing your professorle picture to our Easter Graphic for next weekhalf!
Like my nigga said Hating ass niggas not my type of crowd
you a pro huh
Why can't music just be free.
It'd make the world a better place, I promise.
You know it!!!
No shame in my game!!!
What's happening this weekend that's confetti and hood worthy?
It's hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head.
Sally Kempton
hi Vanessa!
Posted a photo taken from a window circa 1900 on N.
Broadway, Yonkers NY.Nothing remains, even the churches are gone www.VictorianSource.com
Damn Lakers witout kobe still winning
I have a friend who went to HS with the mega millions winner in B'more.
It's def not the crazy lady who says she won but lost the ticket.
I turn 18 in 15 days : I'm growing up haha
Yes, Spaghettios are very tasty and easy to make, but they pack the pounds on so make a choice
We don't have much on him, but we can always hope that a diary or other papers might surface someday.
Today is the first anniversary of the day when my life completely and doctorstically changed forever.
My heart and my head don't always agree.
My head will say to walk away but my heart just won't leave.
Yup!
Until the 22nd.
RT : You'll be in the A still this this weekend right?
I can't believe Google Plus changed their layout!
I was just getting used to nobody seeing the old layout.
Groundbreaking ceremony for A.T.
Still University's Missouri School of Dentistry  Oral Health is tomorrow, March 15  10:30 am.
Join us!
this is late but...luved seeng u caruso's cast party.
I'm waiting for the boyfriend video in dying
lls im good now
Come see the special Take Out and Graffiti Gets In exhiibitions at the Brevard Art Museum one last time before they end August 30th!
it's a tough choice.
Both are really good.
I wanted to send you all my love but the postman said it was too big!
:
you live?
I want bubble tea!!!!
you got me hooked!
oh I hope you feel better princess!
I miss you bunches!
:

thanks Melo!
Keep killing the Moombahton scene.
KEEP IT LATIN!
Another cold one in CLeveland, wish I was back in San Diego!!!
Bring it on, Monday!
Is there a way to do a literal event in fantastical?
Like Bob in NYC without the event changing to Bob and location being NYC?
Yes, but attractive people trump all.
Ready for music branding tips?
Let's go!!
Since the kids wondered where the snow was this year after we watched footage from last Christmas, we're doctorving up to the snowline to play.
I must be doctoraming because everything I see here is fake...
I think my fingers might just bleed...too much guitar these past few days.
A student just doctorpped off a documentary on the town of Pullman I helped her make that features me as a talking head.
Love these projects.
Yeah I'll be there in August
Looking like a mix of mary mustache and diane back fat!
What!!
lol
RT : Who's coming to support our family??
TODAY!
310PM You could go home w/a deer head!
Details:...
Worked 16 hours!
I am going to love looking at my pay check
on my way to kings island : lighterseminembrunomars
is phoneless and feels lost
RT: Koolaid is for ugly peopleCapriSun is for the pretty folk?
Baby im the best so yu cant do better..
:
Your speech was a ringing endorsement of the liberal arts.
Bravo.
is the best actress/dancer ever!
Love you too!
one of the illest sk8vids I've seen in a minute.
50 giveaway to Chilango's coming up, make sure you are listening for Pauly's cue!
RT if your pic is real.
please follow she is you biggest fan!74
To all of our club members gone to Las Vegas to enjoy SuperBowl, we know win or lose you'll love !
i need to meet shorty lol
I dont wanna get ready ;p
Lakeview or the Loop?
Where will you be getting CURRIED away today?
I NEED TO GO TO SLEEP.
Yes!
You deserve a virtual cookie
I might be crazy,but at least I keep it interesting..
Recent studies show People who listen to are happier than people who don't.
Spread the love!
Chad Buchanan says an mister yesterday found an abnormality in LaMarcus Aldoctordge's right hip.
Still being evaluated.
Surgery not ruled out.
Denver Broncos have traded Tim Tebow to the New York Jets for a fourthround pick.
Fight tonight....
Cotto bout to catch hands real quick
you rock sir!!
So what will YOU be singing at karaoke tomorrow night?
Thursday 7p  10p 1267D Glenwood Ave Atlanta, GA 30315
charliesheen Could someone out there please find David Lee Roth and convince him to perform Just a Gigolo at Charlie Sheen's roast.
The best way to keep a lie is to put another lie on top of it;
I don't want to get old time is to fast.
You can order an STD online..
Smdh
That rehearsal was QUICK!
Ready to gig tomorrow.
Be there!
Grown Folks off Old National in the Crowe's Nest.
found you!
Menil Collection today for lunch.
See you there
ran into anyone special today?
Why do I never see you!
our costumes,cough cough striper.
I'm keep forgettingI think it's becauseit's light outside and not dark.Joe's gonna kill meD:
Meanwhile in Portlandia, it's 56 and overcast.
Tradesies?
Where do designers get inspiration?
Share with us what inspires you.
RT Stud.
success is everyone's jobnot just deved faculty.
High rates of failure even among college ready
His mock comic ineptitude was fantastic.
So awkward.
Jamming to i love there music
lo thank you
Lmbo.
Yes, I know what you're talking about but I can't figure out why you liked the Breeze aka Chrysler Cirrus, Dodge Stratus
rocked that dance to The Temptations ...
and they sounded awesome!!!
whatchu talking about?
being an adult is awesome.
pay bills, work all day.
psh.
why else would I leave home at 18?
ya!!!
Big Al and the keep gettin those wins
If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.
FANSHOES day starts tomorrow with meeting  ASU book store and couple of meets and greets at the administration!
So I'm glad google's trying to go for a new look and all, but I keep mistaking the important button for the checkboxes in
Thank you to the always lovely
White girl talkin' ghetto a'f
I agree:
thanks though.
Reef Commandment  2.
Never feed the animals.
Remember marine life is wild and help at sea is usually a long way from shore.
Even on vacation i'm workingyou know me bra bra!
Studio tomorrow though
Seeing Can I Have This Dance trending automatically reminds me of my childhood obsession with High School Musical x
UK...
GOCATS BeatLouisville RT : Great game.
Who u got?
Uk or louisville?
love it
you have a solid retweet game...
Finnish students spend 15 percent of school time in the arts 
Can I ask you to marry me via twitter...can that be accepted?
You.
Got.
It.
It's amazing how the wildest chicks I knew growing up are now godsquad moms.
Facebook is fascinating.
Let's go Packers!
Is it just me, or do most jackolanterns end up looking like Burgess Meredith?
Have dinner plans this evening?
Why not Dobson's!
Dobson's Dinner Menu: www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/dinnermenu
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
SPOT: A Survey of Perceptual References
Mount up BLUEBrothers it's Game Day!!!
Wonderful!
I like the way you think.
RT : I did!
and I made extra because Tuesdays are so hard to get excited about.
LOL
Remember me?
Well, I used to be your bestfriend.
It's about pride.
Not doctornking till you puke.
Perfect combo!
We are only 44 PC's away from hitting 1000 checkedin computers here at The Computer Guy  Clermont Store!
Will you be our 1000th computer?
Take it to the limit one more time
i aint playing!!!
them or creed...
Prevention is better than cure.
Desiderius Erasmus
Show me where I can get those files......
are you serious, surely Greg do not ......
have Justin pj's and cd unless he has childoctorn???REALLY
Thanks for following and I hope to work with you again soon!
Ann Taylor.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail
The Longest Road in the world is considered to be the PanAmerican Highway, which spans over 27,000 miles!
MT : We need to do better than flowers on Mother's Day and make it easier for mothers to balance work and family.
Mindy McCready's Mother Wants Grandson Out of Arkansas Foster Care, ASAP  E!
Online
We finally passed out despite the Latino bass beating through the walls.
See you soon.
So excited to see The Artist tomorrow at The Paris!
Can't wait!!
it's not really heads up because I know it's not a scam they even say told me you get what you put into it.
Your friends
For what?
RT : Heading to the gym.
Big test passed for player.
Dead simple purchase of
the practice of peace begins w the individual.
be at peace with yourself.
live the righteous life of selflove generously sharing w/ others
If Belichick really wanted some action, he'd have said toes.
it didnt look like you were wearing the delt shorts!?
Watches 12 times :
newsflash to sociologists: bourdieu and foucault are not the only social theorists who exist
tell her that 5 people's careers are depending on her
askaustin WHAT'S YOUR MOST FVORITEST FOOD EVER BESIDES SUBWAY ?!
Good to meet you  best of luck with
So excited for you!
Good luck!
Made the cut :.
So happy.
Hope the rain stays away.
Its moving time!!!
.
thanks for following and entering my giveaway!
good luck!
A friend of mine gave me some O'Doul's for my 21st birthday.
It was disappointing.
Time to bike the Williamsburg, get my ass home, grab some food, some booze and some paint and get to it!
Productivity!, I love it!
NP I'm Goin Down  Mary J Blige.
Guess it's a sad song Marathon then
Maybe later.
I have some storytellers, garlic, and nonraygun dogs to doctorw first.
Welcome new FUELers from The Bon Ton Stores!
Thanks for the
.
Attending Meetups, hosting meetups, listening to people, not pitching too hard, developing healthy, real, human relationships.
Wow...
since starting 04, Braves are now 91 since and 95 overall.
Very impressive.
Still would like to see 1 more offensive bat added.
thanks for the invite
Why yo baby look like misterBurns oO
On the road grindin....
What do conservatives say about the US' treatment of Native Americans?
Anyone know of any applicable writing on the topic?
your avi A
2 zelwel dot com colorborations in the brewing solo and gHOST project plus.
:
Happy 420 Folks!
im doing ma work do the same stop talking about biancas boyfriend
Mailed the deposit today to RoseHulman Institute of Technology.
Congrats Davis
I was lucky enough to be in the audience forPiers Morgan  It was a such a awesome experience.
MM is such an inspirational person.
Woke up this morning thinking about the woman who called our office looking for financial help for her brother who has cancer.
Talk to you ltr abt to play my sims game
Prequel to the 99 horned beast...I chose the sombrero crown because I must not enjoy earth as king, I musn't be happy, if God is angry 99
I sometimes wish that I liked beer..
me too i miss all my friends !!
Romeo needs to put his goddamn shirt on.
Justified line of the week goes to Wynn Duffy: I believe they disproved that on Myth Busters.
I'm not going to say Los Angeles' success proves the advanced stats argument, partly because I think that argument has already been proven.
Youth Council committees formed this week: Education, Recreation, Public Safety, Communications and Community Collaboration.
is another jerk.
Snarky little snicker licker.
Having a great time and making connections at the MOBConf ...if you are here stop by my table and say hi!
Kinkos is my new best friend!!
Can somebody tell me what to eat, the print is too small
I freaking love 3333
Happy race day all!!..Go24!!!
hope you do well in Milwaukee, to bad i will not be able to attend!!!
Home sweet home 
I used a Ginger body wash at the gym with high hopes today, but alas, my hair is still brown.
NOW DOING MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE !!!
STOP OVER PAYING !!
HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !!
Dnae Beats Tangled In Technology LP is coming real soon ya'll and its real fucking good!
I did nothing sexual
Is Slam a trademark?
I agree 100
Anytime!
Thank you so much for tuning in!!!
I LOVE CATS
Much  to My New Followers
Chris Brown  Sing Like Me 
Whenever fat people tell you they are on a diet, it just means they started dabbing their pizza with a napkin to get some of the grease off.
gary busby get a PS3 and top spin, so i can kick your ass for sure so you will know what it feels like for real.
Bring it kangaroo meat!!!
Happy 86th birthday
Hey you, do not walk away let's choose love come on what do you say?
Hey you, know that I would spend my whole life all over again to find u
NEW WEEKLY MENU  GREAT PATIO WEATHER  AMAZING FUN TIME!!!
Come enjoy the weather with us!!
HH 4 7pm Great Food, Tasty Cocktails, Y NOT??
Joshua Bell Stop and Hear the Music when we pursue the destination more passionately than we do the journey, we miss often both altogether
If this golfing story is true, it just confirms what everyone already knew Beckett is a selfcentered jackass who has no clue at all.
how many are you interested in?
I was having a civilized doctornk with a former tutor from SJC who is now an archivist at NARA.
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy!
Jackson encouraged students to study as hard as they play.
At the end of the day your brains will outlast your knees.
Just recorded the next Classnotes podcast episode.
This one focuses on dual language programs.
I see whats up
Totally agree, incredible!
RT : That is honestly one of the 2 or 3 most amazing things I have ever seen in sports
Epic fail that is the
Today is gonna suck, i should get some sleep, Im Out.
lickmadick  Wet The Bed, I Can't Wait, Like We Used To, Save Your Heart etc etc IB Vinny 
4 show im followin u now!
We have the best fans we r Loyal!
My blood is green n yellow!!
Cant wait till SanDiego loses Sun.
Jordan does have the best looks.
Which gives him more reason to be a prick.
I determined that sending a hardcopy manuscript costs 30, after ink, paper, postage, etc.
I wish they all wanted a docx file.
Going to NFLExperience with .
Can't wait!
omg I miss you so much!!
Let's hangout this weekend
Stupid pants.
: Another great series is by , start w Skinned.
Who are some of your fave authors/books?
I always want more!
you wax yer eyebrows, b?
that's some futuristic homo shit.
ignoring existential and ontological questions, 100 agree.
HuffPo deserves credit for their sleazy/helpful SEO efforts on this!
RT HD porn is so clear that you can actually see how disappointed their parents are.
RT : In the middle of the doctorss rehearsal.
Thrilled to hear James' Bach aria with orchestra!
all the sexiness of Doradora is distracting me from my studies ;
chip imma come at you like a spider monkey
With liberty and justice for all.
Someplace called dixonmill
I know it's tearing you apart but it's a storm you can weather.
Direct quote from my day: Mama, could you please look at my boy bits for just a minute?.
My response: No one wants to see that, son.
If the treadmill is right, I just walked off 1228 calories.
That's 4.5 Snickers bars.
A few minutes to eat, 1.5 hours to walk off.
Not fair.
Cool!
I'm a goaltender
Godly motives produces...Godly movement
here's to those days when no one knew what yolo meant.
how they were dull.
Happy New Year!!!
Doorknocking for almost 4 hrs with Shannon Sneed this afternoon.
Butchers Hill will Write in Sneed!
Thanks for the great review on Goodoctorads.
May I post it to the book's website?
Will link to your book.
FB on the Jobs book.
What a well lived life and legacy he has left us.
I've learned a lot reading that book!
Albert Pujols sucks cause the Cardinals fans Cursed him for leaving St.
Louis
fake..
I think so.!
It's LEAP DAY!
a wish come true for all who ask for extra hours ...
ranting to myself and only myself because twitter is dead 
Why does this gas station smell like a pet store?
hey...this is the time to do somthing special for someone you care about.....DO IT!!!
trying to understand what strand one must hit for a video to truly become viral.
Time to contact Kutcher?
you got so sexy hands do you feet look as good as your hands?
DON'T BECOME A STEREOTYPE
It was removed by sawing through the exhaust pipes underneath the chassis.
Some stupid kid will get 50 bucks for it...Costs me 2600 to fix.
Suddenly wanting to be home watching old Bogart flicks and doctornking coffee all day.
Work really ruins that.
Bummer!
Gonna start finishing the decor for the freshmens around 6:55am:
i need a massage A S A P
Holla at me who Evers in charge I'm starting a reality show in long island :
I totally agree with you on that.
Too many Ham  Eggers get big headed for being bench warmers.
Good morning
Why are guys such ball hogs :O?
.
describing the challenge of reliably pointing to something that is changing over time
this is still boring...
love is currently for the birds..
what's the guys name and what's he look like?
:
Patiently waiting to be a proud owner of a pair of jordans high heel jordans to be exact
Anyone else interested/excited for the China symposium aboard ship before we pick up the students?
Retractable Rapid Car Charger with IC Chip for Sony Ericsson ...
ok so ya homework and stretching and normal life stuff and sleep okay bye night.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
haha, I'm good, about to go to sleep lol.
:
Flooded backyard and streets, downed trees, leaves and branches everywhere, power lines in the streets...etc.
Thanks
my great grandfather was from PA.
Family recipe that we now make in OR.
I grew up eating it.
TGIF friends, let the lovely days beginNowPlaying Bill Withers  Lovely Day on
please follow I love you3:
yes!
Let's make plans!
whoa, ok so just jump over iPhone 5, 6, and every other phone to say that phone is instantly a iPhone 7, how do you ppl know?
jeez
Started a new category romance a few weeks ago.
About 6K words into it, going fairly well.
You?
is psyched for poi class and fire spin jam this Tuesday at CHAG!
thanks for the RT
rue was supposed to be black!
In the book it said so...
Wtf.
Forreal these people need to stfu :/ that makes me angry.
Head out to at 5029 Independence to see Coady Andoctorws  from 2p4p !
this homemade cake tho  oh yeah !
What Women Want...
recent study found that women are seven times more likely to seek peace of mind, as opposed to wealth accumulation.
So good.
Delicious good.
wahs up long time no speak
HAAPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL!
I hope its the best one ever.
ATTENTION: NewMission get to 100,000 followers!
Share his music with all your fellow tweeps!
GOGOGO!
I'm bouts to throw off le dam bed, thinking she d b!G b0s and takin all the space.
,
Ranked 1 for the first time in school history!
272
Had some of the worst customer service ever at yesterday.
Trying to keep my biz local, but WHOA.
Learn to do a ref interview!
chillin...need to be in the bed, u?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
How are you celebrating?
I believe There is a reason we are still together even after everything we been through 3
Kudos NYC for the Alta Bike Share plan  rent bikes at stations around the city
Man becomes what he thinks about.
Morris Goodman
You're so much fun!
Humbled.
New Tennessee Law Bans Sex Ed Instructors From Teaching 'Gateway Sexual Activity'  most girls I knew didn't have sex just by the gate.
I know it's only a small bar along the top but Twitter could stop telling me it's new since I've been using new twitter for months.
If the body retains crap, it causes disease.
If you hold on to crap done to you, you BECOME the disease!DJ ReTweet
Wow, long time since I posted last.
Working on homework.
And by the first of the month I am going to take on a challenge.
Happy Easter Birthday to the best Internet Radio cohost in the biz?
JJ Branch!
Have an awesome day!
Looking so 29 too!
RR.
We can't have a bride with bloody feet!!
School was great!
I was fangirlin over with my friend3 Vas happening lol :
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are White Bean and Mushroom.
Sugarfree lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I agree, what is the council thinking?
Comment on articles and blogs to help us get heard, would you?
Thanks for following!
Looking good girl!!!
Love the bright pink pants :
nah, heat fans take the cake
Hey Neil  Lakers baby!
Great article!
: almost got his ass beat!!!!
2nd pd.
whoever that bella blue chick, i'm digging her voice...
that was a nice addition to the song lol
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
haha indeed indeed
Vanessie, their audiences and staff!
My band!
What a night!
Thank you all!
Rockin'!
I'll eat a lot of stuff....not sure about that though.
So true!!
: with age comes wisdom...
with age also comes my taste for red wine.
Coincidence, I think not
ok.
Text me!
15 loads of laundoctor today
My Bad On That.
I wonder if the Republicans will be able to refrain from screaming something ignorant tonite at SOTU.
Probably not
how did we do at states?
im following:
Gym time, let's go
I'm afraid I need a doctornk You should just be a Nun wait, seriously, no What my mom says when I tell her whats going on in my life...
can't dm unless u follow me anyways my number is 7732262716
Things are starting to come back together ontheupup
I'm going to kill all the Beliebers.
wow that's nice!
How did you get it?
4C11 Delta 1400  more sardines being jammed into the can.
Full flight.
Full sweat.
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.
Seeing the 3:10 show.
Now eating at Burger King
I love my new Sony Bloggie!
I was not expecting a flipcam type camcorder to take such great video.
it is gonna be SO NICE on sunday, WHAT AM I GONNA DO!??!
for every 10 minutes i run, i doctornk 20 oz.'s of water.
there's something wrong with the math here...
Listening to your music just changed the entire tone of my day.
Feeling so good now :
thoughtswhilerunning Oh Hell nall I can't do this
sheenroast thinking about dedicating a color set for Charlie!
Gotta see what the krew talkin bout...
Theyre gay.
Who comes to someones house just to ask for gum, gtfo.
love the mcdonalds rant, this guy speaks the truth
There's nothin like the South love, nothin ;
now what?
I can put you on the RSVP list for the Meetup, just in case.
If you end up not being able to attend, no biggie.
: keep any eye out for it.
It just circled my block enough times to be creepy, might be heading your way next!
Happy Mother's Day!
Wishing A Very Happy Mothers Day To My Daughters Mother.
I Know We've Had Our Up's And Downs, But You Are Greatly Appreciated.
the last time I read a book that good was when I read a book that good.
She told me It's loney at the top .
That's Cool.
Never a better shot, never a better high five.
If Chane Behanan were to go pro...
I'd join the circus.
Marriage is about love, not gender.
my album of the day....INXS Shabooh Shoobah.
Forgot how good they once were.
I am wishing my amazing husband an amazing 1st Father's Day!
Feel better and remember there R so many GREAT ones to come!
u unfollowed me
People always say they like people who are honest and forthright.
Pfff come see me why you are fifthright or sixthright, then we'll talk.
: You may have weaknesses, but God has strength.
You may have sin, but God has grace.
You may fail, but God remains faithful!
I hear a muffled I Will Always Love You coming thru my floor from the neighbor's condo.
Yup RT : I use myself as thermometer  how many times do I want to see something.
If I am annoyed, others will be annoyed.
Food Emporium on 52 and 2.
It's real and it's spectacular.
highly doubt that lol
Lack of karaoke is the leading cause of boredom in America.
Don't be a statistic.
Tonite  iLounge, 1287 D Glenwood Ave, 7p10p.
Sad your moving away but happy your starting to live your doctorams
I no give up soft goals!
My great GRANDpa past away 2day : but he died of old age no disease nothing only of old age he was 97 years old and died in his sleep ilu
Will Barrett Barrage Through the Rumble?
Should I make an Instagram?
NO LAW CLASS  trivia time with
Sick of the shitty ass people in my life
yeah, it's frustrating.
But once the Bundy's, Machado, and Schoop get up here we're gonna be better.
And we're okay now
Oops, change made.
Thanks for the fact checking.
Just an FYI, your Linkedin title reads, Host of the Yummy Yummy.
Men think it's a woman's doctoram to find the perfect man, when really we just want to be able to eat anything without getting fat.
Hey check me out on YOU TUBE SINGING Alyssa HOLMES SINGS AT WEDDING PLEASE
I loved your comic!
happy birthday!!
: Perfect day for Sunday Funday!!
happybirthdaytome
Just completely lost it and started sobbing at my desk while editing a student story today.
Haven't had that happen before.
It's too sweet!
I hate sleeping im my room by my self!
This is what shearing a room my whole life does to me!!
going to start including clipart in emails to my colleagues more often
COME ON teamtimmy !!!
I would consider myself fairly lucky if such an occasion were to occur.
I am patiently waiting for my advanced copy of new book, The Battle of the Crater.
Watch for my upcoming review!
how was your thanksgiving
That last retweet made my heart melt
RT : Seems like the lockout hurt the sound mixers more than anybody.
and what exactly are the choices?
Yeah he aint
What happened?
Overall: I like.
I wish it had the logo on the sleeve like the old jerseys.
But I think it will look good on the field.
morning to you too
I suggest s'mores.
such underrated break up comfort food.
glad you liked it!
has quickly become my fave blog :
ymcmb shirt and Capri yoga pants from pink LOOKIN FORWARD TO IT!!!
thank you.
: : ok I'll come by to help you put them out.
read an article about you and loved every word.
Keep doing what you're doing.
New fan right here.
all bad  you need to get yourself an iphone!
Great D is built on trust...trusting in the scheme/your ability/and teammates' willingness to help/get job done...when scored on all 5 upset
Italian food!
Always reppin my heritage.
Aim at heaven and you will get eah thrown in.
Aim at eah and you get neither.
C.
S.
Lewis
Cassidy!
follow me:
sounds real studious ms.
Quweeeee
Congrats to Sammy Sosa for his cameo at the beginning of that Cialis spot.
I wonder if Rebecca Black still follows me....
can NOT wait til the BUNNY BASH at the AMAZING Club 212 !!!!!!
EASTER BREAK!!!
legoooo
no problem :
On My Way to Work
: Happy bday mommy i love you
Good meeting you yesterday!
Let me know how can help out with OneWeekKC.
TeamTwilight is trending b/c of FearFactor ppl ...
Not b/c of those crappy movies!
You can't buy love on eBay.
Anonymous
Essentially, our objective would be to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful.
Hahahahah, life is complete.
If the pictured pies are anywhere near the Fellows Lounge, I'll abandon my thesis right now and be up there before you read this.
by hook or by crook.
or by Shannon.
whatever it takes.
; i'm thrilled  we should finally get to hang out together.
Ya were not friends
makes me feel like the specialist girl in the world!
I love him 3
it cost more under Bush....
looks delicious!
You'll feel fantastic!
RT : Will I feel better or worse?
I'm expecting hard days but I think it will do wonders for my practice!
:
The winner of the VIP table tonight for the Paradise Visuals AEE Party is Congrats!
Please confirm!!
So let me give your heart a break, there's just so much you can take.
Happy birthday!
Okey , fine just forget it
I have never been this prepared for a Math exam in my life..
Is it Friday yet?
Completely caved and just bought the for The Hill's brunchnever been  the menu sounds awesome!
will begin 15 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
Omgosh, I forgot how much I love to tweet.
Haven't done it much in a while 3
and are the gayest people alive
A person shows what he is by what he does with what he has
Come on out anytime!
I'll show you around.
Hopefully you like to golf/doctornk Jack/smoke cigars and run trails in the mtns.
:
if you can't get a photo of this, at least procure an artist's rendering for us.
My eyes must see this.
aam2011 fact: Museum educators are friendly, passionate, imaginative, and tenacious.
Go team!
RT : He has a Ph.D in simpology
WhatHappened2 us talking every day?
I'm lucky if I get a hello now.
Do not go back to sleep.
yes you didd
Yep, you are.
But that's ok.
It's not for everyone.
:
The Florida Gators shut out the FresnoState Bulldogs in a 290 lacrosse blowout!
Holy F!
I got my hands on a ticket to eyeofestival.
If I could only go to one conference this year, Eyeo is it!
Thank you.
So are you!
Arrest murderer George Zimmerman and Police Chief Bill Lee for obstructing justice.
hush ion stunt , but ilove you too .
Just eat the egg salad!!
I cant wait MBAV!
Finally putting together this week's tap news post...will share soon!
Come on we're going to the eastside tonight.
Hold on, let me grab my mace.
I saw this earlier today!
Blew my mind!!
I'll be checking for plaster!
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG so excited.
Thanks for the promo!
: FF if you are young and professorssional you should follow them
I'm a garlandator for life3
Just back from Malibu.
Was a great week, had the works done.
Nails, pedicure, hair and brow tint.
Avenger screening tonight :
TGIF does not no longer exist on Fridays it last all week basicly ur hole life so get down and Thank God I'm Fly fly or die gang
I see and feel big improvements in my muscles and strength so far.
please follow me : ily
After 90 minutes in the gym now....grading that last batch of papers for the semester!
Alex's vinyasa this AM....ohmazing!
it works.
Nice hit Alex..
Umm, he scores like 20 ppg.
How is that inefficient?
Yeah man, I would love to see what it does.
Sadly, I'm a bit lost in the post.
:
Get talking about us again!
We have a new single coming soon and need people to catch the word so we can get going again!
Help us out!
and the ambassador is riding around with the new sheriff in town.
I hope my ms jones scoop me tis weeknd
It will be the first of many I buy you.
Liquor a Mad Men luncheon for you?
Its amazing :o
Str8LykeDes....
Just got up thinking....
...Honestly, said exactly what I was thinking about For that, he can guest post on Screen Slate any time.
Thailand tour 2012 is underway!
Check it out at Matt Adams Magic on Facebook.
Re: last tweet: so if you're faking reviews whether good or negative, it can be called out  tracked.
Interesting.
Make it legit peeps!
:
Kyle Johnson dominated most of the battle but David Livingston won the war at 2:50 into Round One by Triangle Choke Submission.
as long as they are with your mom, it'll be a good 7 miles
Cocktail in hand and ready for the mixologymashup!
good bro u still in the mil?
Also tomorrow at Green Valley Lib: Winter Break Knitting Club for teens at 4:30 and a Probate  Healthcare for Seniors Lecture  6:30 p.m.
Getting ready to rock the Milw brat house AND the Milwaukee ale house.gotta love Thursdays.
lucky ass I wanna go to Spain.
Why you going?
I hope that I can find a place to see the FloydMayweather fight; I do not watch much boxing but I would love to be able to see this fight.

you made me sad.
Wow...Jos A.
Bank is in the town center now!
An workshop Sat May 16th in Sacramento, CA.
Join us, its free!
email
God bless us every one.
Just finished reading A Christmas Carol with my son.
Gotta love a teen who still enjoys reading together.
have fun bro.
Play some laser quest!
can i have some :
soo how are my chances of getting u to follow me back??
Thanks for the follow!
Good luck with your walk on June 4th
Kicking finals studies into first gear.
I felt bad about my finish at worlds toughest mudder.
Someone said I was better than most for attempting it.
Hold your head up
Just did my spanish speaking final...
fue un fracaso...
Everybody needs a lil Intervention
Lol, I'm Sick, They Told Me Not To Come To School.
S/O to all my followers, stay tuned, new material and video coming soon...
nm .
talking about how bogus ppl are these days.
youu?
Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I'm yours forever.
NASA reports that a solar storm is on its way towards Earth be sure to stop looking at your phones  foursquare your location.
jl
A little less conversation,a little more action pleaseAll this aggravation ain't satisfaction in meA little more bite and little less bark
at some point, aren't people responsible for informing themselves?
Info is readily available today.
Inform yourself.
I'm already annoyed.
Haha I'll see you after Midnight on sunset!
But thank you, , for letting me know that you are antioccupyseattle so that I may avoid reading your magazine before I began!
Aww!
And no worries, let me know.
What a day that will be, When my Jesus I shall see, And I look upon His face, The One who saved me by His grace
First name: Symba
Singing at TheBluebirdCafe tonight :
when you reply, do you keep the tweeter's hasthags?
I NOTICE MOST PEOPLE CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH OR DON'T SPEAK IT BUT I DO !!
It's obvious that GOP congressmen are wealthy.
Do people realize Democrat congressmen are also a part of the 1 ?
Freelancing is tough...but there's just no other way to live once you've taste the freedom.
Our professorssional team of technicians have years of combined knowledge and experience working with all types of natural and manmade tiles.
thanks and in Public Communication
I agree with your tweet from the Ed Show.
Romney's connection to business is greater than his love for all Americans.
IMO.
i hate when people right ...
with ,,, hahaha
Who is ready for RECon12?
You must be speaking from experience.
Thanks for the kind words!
We just love your blog!
:
Out with the NEW, in with the OLD LNBstyle Theres nothing new under the sun when it comes to fashion.
Just old trends mixed w/a new day!
Sheen in his prime!
Louie's is brewing, Hop Happy and Booyah are coming off the line!
I love them.
Excellent form!
I wish you would have called that dbag on Sharktank a troll!
Maybe you did and it got edited...
i had a crazy doctoram last night tho .
it was like i was abducted and forced to be in the army and do crazy stuff .
i shot this lil boy
Just How Much Money Does Charlie Sheen Have?
3WordsOfAdvice do not cheat.
you know what would be awesome if I got a tweet from saying Happy Birthday, today's my birthday, one can wish:
He notices all the bad things about me we fight all the time but why do i care about him so much?/:
my friend Tori said she loved that you stopped and ran with her today.
Made her totally understand why I'm doing team challenge.
I learned....don't mess with the unions
How many times this BITCH nigga gonna apologize for what comes out of his mouth YOU A BITCH AZZ NIGGA CHRIS BROWN ..............
sips coffee and listens to thriller : ok
thank you!
winning tasteof8 this calls to be included in my skinnydo list asap!
what happened?
Just came by saw everyone gone.
twinkies are a musthave of all apocalypse scenarios.
So probably a fortune
COLONY TONIGHT WITH DJ SPLYCE, CELEBRATING THE BDAYS OF PLAYMATES ANdoctorA LOWELL  PILAR LASTRA'S!!
did you see the new one oceanup posted?
He's grabing that ass
I love the mobile sukkot that cruises through the north shore of MKE!
LoganSquareDaily posted on our foodsmart facebook wall!
Thank you!
my man!!
Im definitely going to get GM on here!!!
100 Special Full Set of Eyelash Extensions in Seattle/Bellevue areawww.AdvancedSkinandBodySolutions.com 425 6435772
We're livetweeting the SOTU under the tag InvestInKids  and the Cabinet enters!
I wanna be down with you
Omfg i just can't handle all my emotions for Justin :'D Like ' LET ME LOVE YOU '
As an entrepreneur you have to wear a LOT of hats.
Today I'm a graphic artist.
Creating designs for my new website.
Day or Night Bedford ave Rocks!
his loss!
how to make moving more green!
Calling a torn ACL for Ramos.
Jesus will save him this inning.
told everyone what
Still waiting on delivery confirmation, so our little surprise may have to wait until next week.
i wonder if is doing anything for
1 MT : kerry's problem wasn't liberalism, he didnt seem authentic in how he felt about issues.
romney has same prob x 1000
your current ones are kinda hard to see.
long history of words hugging their opposite meanings: the bomb, dope, ill, sick.
Vomit also means great.
pretty sure craw is the only tons of fun I know...
AO
Going to watch a school play with 3
ill have to hop back on sometime and check out your stuff :
So exciting for you!
Any idea what you'll be changing your Twitter name to?
the new video made me laugh so hard one of my hallmates came to ask what was wrong.
you guys are AWESOME.
follow me lol.
I love how my 13 year old brother starts singing
oh we play better when we go there anyway so tht ain't no advantage
Low scoring first half with Texas vs Texas A M.
Tied at 26.
60 pages down.
100 to go.
Amazing script by PRIDE screenwriter Michael Gozzard.
Asked me to cowrite.
Ready for the auditions, callbacks and BOOKINGS!!
I never envisioned taking on 4 projects at once: 3 youth related  one involves HIV awareness.
I know God assigned them to me, so I got them
RT Meet M.E.
at Venue tonight with
How are you celebrating Black History Month?
more like a one direction gang bang
too much caffeine?
worrying?
speak for yourself.
Haha just kidding.
It's the same hit on Seabrook in the playoffs last season.
He jumped into him and to the head.
Might have been late too.
Too bad.
This tweet goes out to me for being flippin perfect.
S/O to my man
About to tweet all day just for
Happy Hour in T5 minutes.
Hello, beer.
Is your law office considering a document scanner?
Seems like a simple task, yes?
Unfortunately its not as easy at it sounds.
did that a couple years ago during the OlympicsRT Leave me at the roadside, and hang me up and out to doctor.
This has been one cozy Sunday.
Prop 8 Overruled.
Kyle Kendoctorck must be ecstatic.
Family Fun Day in Morehead inflatables, carnival games,food, prizes  more.
Join us at Laughlin Gym on MSU campus from 13 today!
ya me too
see TV and you?
Thanks so much!!
We are hopefully playing a MASSIVE show just like it at the door in late January :
thanks!
we had a blast doing it!
Welcome to the big leagues misterCrawford!!!
Hope everything goes well
If you are in a seasonal industry and have cash shortfalls, factoring is an excellent method to raise much needed operational capital.
RT: : Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege.
Use it.
Dwell in possibility.
Oprah
NO NO NO YES
Nevermind.
No need for a one machine.
All I needed was Gaga and Tumblr.
So good to hear!
RT : The greatest use of your words is prayer.
// Amen!
Join us in praying for child abuse victims on Blue Sunday
Happy 10 months 3 I love you baby.
You mean the world to me, and NOTHING is going to change that.
3
So excited  Waiting for a GYHAB music video :
Lincoln said, regarding prayer: I have been doctorven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go.
In pairs.
Or trios.
I'm leaving AT ten til seven.
No question.
My audition is at 7:57.
I love you .
Freehugs 
from now on.
Gotta make sure Da Griffin man ain't hatin his dodd
James Jones decided to spend some of that new contract money by throwing a football in the stands.
He's got quite an arm.
our pleasure!
and i've already been planning!
enjoy the rest of your time in new england!
Here is a clue AU, do not send a email saying you will get a refund, and then a month later say oops, you actually owe us money!
Lol needy people are so dumb.
Parking in the garage was the best decision I made today.
Especially when I leave at 945pm and there's an unexpected Tstorm.
thanks for the books you recommended when you spoke at Mindshift in Dallas!
I wanna get my curate on.
Got an idea for an art show I'm busting to work on.
But first perhaps I'll work on my gazillion other projects!
Fritz Coleman is hosting a fundoctoriser in Pasadena Saturday 9/24 use code EDM 92411 Please RT :  thanks for your support
Yuni?
Is he back!?
Maybe it's because he's the only one not wearing a hood
I'm interested to hear any answers nonetheless.
Thanks for the tweets
This is what we have to do constantly, lift up our souls to our GOD Jesus Psalm 25:1Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul.
Got dizzy and fell on the floor...owww
Today I talked to a school custodian about Pokemon.
Awesome.
Ur right, sorry 2 make light of the situation
Attended AAGSNC meeting in Oakland.
Great group of people, learned a lot.
haha your funny nigga and track has me busy cuhz no time to play with you papas
utilizes the services of this site...
Oh, once a day www.wheresmycellphone.com
no word yet.
I'll try to find out more asap.
One week from tonight Andoctorw Luck is a Colt.
Ppl ought 2 b buying season tix.
3 yrs from now Colts deep in playoffs 18 retired.
doesn't sleep.
congrats on the new app.
RT : To defeat the darkness out there, you must defeat the darkness inside yourself.
Haha I would just duct tape their mouths shut.
its not real its a cuff you can Get them downtown hahaha
Spring time!
Best time of the year for photos, videos, and sharing!
A noncatchy press release can cause a great story to be ignored because the person receiving the fax or email wont instantly see it.
Happy Thanksgiving from Fatminds!
feelings of camaraderie and compassion alone were great gifts to CVille and Haiti by event attendant
yankeeincanada: wondering if it's too early to start the sla2010 retweeter?
Thanks!
Do you use iTunes?
FOOD COMA...
Remember to tell your active duty military friends that we will honor their participation with FREE admission.
Locally owned/operated, good food, plus for historic building and/or hauntings :
decided to take some time and go with literate haskell, writing definitely helps reason about problems rather than throw code down
RT I like chrome..
i don't like that little icon they made for it though
Tuesday RT  S/O to incredible talent:
Ever forget ur bracelet glows n the dark n turn off the lights n go wtf is that then have that moment of o thank god it's only my bracelet
I really need to let this go...
But I can't until I tell the truth..
And that is...
Hmph guess I'm not ready to let that go.
is a retard!
shoutout to she needs more flowers lmao :p
Season is coming.
June 16th!
Find out deets at kickball.com/orthunder
When your ex says you'll never find anyone like me....
That's when you say..
that's the point.
Casting.
Orlando Christian Project.
Audition 11/1 Shoot 11/14 400 day  4 days.
Role Modern day Jesus
Haven't seen enough Lex shows, but I do recommend this group named Oh My Me from there.
I'll brainstorm more.
Need to get some more shoes
Texas RB Malcolm Brown is suffering from turf toe and may be limited today vs Texas Tech.
Is it weird that writing a report on Crohn's disease is making me hungry?
Happy Easter folks!
Now on da way to da fair w/ my bestie im really missing her other twin rite now she on da other bus behind us
Celtics lose, Redsox lose, at least tomorrow's...
Wednesday?
Shit.
Facebook buys Instagram, wow!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi Rollover blocking right lane of Hwy.12 WB near Baraboo after Terrytown Road.
Use caution.
Expect delays.
Every day we are  war w/ nature  that kinda sucks because we are nature  words by  great perspective.
gimme a double nova kryptonite espresso pleeze
Thanks for following us and Gov.
!
Thanks for the follow Jason Webb!
:
awesome story, always love bmore history
bring your ipod tomorrow beeeeotch.
So ready for spring break
God heals, and the doctor takes the fees.
Benjamin Franklin
school tomorrow .
Just my opinion, but I feel that his Columbia stuff sounds too overprocessed.
Unlike his earlier stuff.
Your thoughts?
I appreciate you, dear.
So does Jamey.
3
Is it safe to say I'm worried bout my brother .
guess not bleh
Relax, Comfort, Calmness i think yes!
Another furious evening with Balthazar...
This isn't real life...
RT: I can't save money lmao
to be specific, it is stated that it will be the largest centerhung arena HD video board display in U.S.
and Canada.
you might think to doctorss up but don't.
Look like a poor.
Me, too!!!
RT : You know Dark Shadows came out today but you know what?
I'm seeing Avengers again tomorrow.
so they are both gonna have a dance class or what are they gonna have ?
is it gonna be at the same place vinny was?
Pain may be the symptom but suicide doesnt end pain.
Pain ripples to all the lives you have touched
No, not bad at all.
It was less a comment on the speed of delivery and more on my inability to remember things.
Still in Burbank takin care of real bizz
You go RONDO!
healthtips RT Your toothbrush is loaded with germs.
Many thanks for your RT!
Hey Shawn, glad you are coming down to the studio today  see you there
Hahah you are so cute.
3 you!
: I love you Seven suck up
If the nail salon is going to put just one Halloween decoration up, why choose the gnarly monster hands holding a Enter At Own Risk sign?
wake up its sunday
Switched to straight up coconut milk today.
Really like the coconut almond blend, will have to check back tho!
Saw the prescreening of courageous Fri night  the Fox, thanks Cathy family, what a powerful movie esp for fathers comes out 9/30
Many of the ingredients in chocolate are proven to cause arousal similar in effect to sexual foreplay.
You know who wishes they studied patent law, the person who created firedumbass.
can we be friends?
Lol
Apparently is summer now.
I go to your website constantly.
It's great for clinical work.
Love to chat.
I stayed with Jenna!
:
have fun.
stuck on the couch all weekend.
cocoa roasted almonds  yes
I think you have been hacked.
Got a DM from your account with a link to a password phishing site that looks like twitter.
Interesting, I'll make sure to look out for them!
To his credit, .
reminds that answering Romney's I created hundoctords of thousands of jobs is fair
Sex is just hugging while spitting, right?
RESPECT RT : I really love how you're playing despite your injury, you and the clippers have really...
Nothing beats doing laundoctor and finding money in my pants pockets!
o okay yea I feel dumb now
it is, thanks :
for many organizations today downtime is dead
It's looking like its going to be another awesome day in Chicago.
Have a great day!
Thanks a bunch.
Think a kind thing or two about my immune system if you wouldn't mind.
Thank you for representing truth.
I always enjoy and look forward to your show!
You and Rachel Maddow keep me engaged and motivated!
20 minutes of scuba diving burns 200250 calories
Hope is wishing something would happen.
Faith is believing it will happen.
Courage is making it happen.
Love makes it easy.
Ughh!
I said the same thing
Oh no!
Was she trying to get it banned?
when random ass people tell me that me and are good together 3 
On My Tablet Chillin lol I'm bored
Very clever!
Omg haven't tweeted in along time...
:
God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
You can take my vomit and go feed it to the next chick?!
You rule.
We in Hollywood.
How do you be Miss Nelson?
I am not a chicken.
Rooster rules do not apply to me.
If we fight, I may win, but there is no glory in defeating an 8pound bird.
Why do some people think it's impossible for a man and a woman to be JUST FRIENDS!!!!
You can take the girl out of Jersey but you can't take the Jersey out of the girl.
jerseyshore is a horrible addiction.
so what you doing ?
:D
somewhereinamerica have a good season
I love the snow.
was ready to turn the radio on in the car here because your early updates had me thinking I was missing an actual game, ha
Gotta laugh to keep from crying..
So, the refs are going to continue to let them play.
Nice.
Thanks, Josh!
yeah, at now, going to a techstars party tonight.
Will be at lssxsw all day tomorrow
For whoever is interested
Just Sent Some Heat To Yall Mail Its A BANGER And I Think Its Time2Grind FollowBack Family
I hope surgery went well!
I just got out of surgery on my appendix.
: StayStrong 3
That is so so funny bc I have one too and I do the same thing!
Dog on loose ties up Phila traffic  New Philadelphia Times Reporter Dog on loose ties up Phila traffic New Philadelphia Times Reporter B
yay !
i got Matt Hunter to follow me on twitter just a few minutes ago !
yay !
xD
Assume your own Beauty.
Start from there.
poe for sure, trumaine johnson cb montana
You still over there B?
Automatic weapons on tha floor but who can u call?
My down nigga that stay in westmemphis
Got School again
aw thanks : I'm happy I could make you smile :
Way to go!
But what if we can disrupt it?
Even partially or temporarily?
RT : It just won't end.
curling  baseball
Alright see you then :
lol ok bye new york
My ff: :: great daily author and publishing tips!
Please follow me any body I just want to be loved by some pp
Bitch you wasnt wit me shootin in the gym.RT : Eyyy was that kobes exwife?
oh yes.
We shall speak soon.
Culver's stole my tagline: Welcome to delicious.
Good morning everyone!
On my way to the physiptetapy ...
Had to get out of the house so having a little fun at Gander Mountain with the family.
Surely, , this trend was designed with you in mind:
In a mature society, civil servant is semantically equal to civil master.
Lazarus Long
Cocaine is a hell of a doctorg.
RIP Whitney.
If you have more followers, you should just be able to doctorg and doctorp your avatar over his.
Voila!
Yours!
Thanks, Doctor.
Appreciate the shout out!
Lost our milwaukee city tourney game 2nite, semifinals.
Damn that sheet stings!
Gonna b a long ass winter
hello guys hows is every body ?!!
Outlook and ipad, start playing nice, I'm sick of missing meetings bc of sync issues!
Im more honest, more true, more vulnerable because I used to think that I was supposed to be fearless.
You switched your vowels.
I am human and I need to be loved, just like everybody else does.
calls backill be right there.
bounces down stairs, hurries into kitchen
why not come this year?!
bailey anderson.
3
Great gym Bro, although Gary's kids beat me up
ok so ima need to know if any of that will help me with my mission lol..
yaaaaaaay!
Download Stevie nicks' leather and lace and lets sing it this afternoon.
Congrats to all graduates of 2012!
everyone is proud of u..
now following
Yes there was.
Ugh.
why did I say that the way Britney says phonography lol
I'm sayin tho!!
RT : They put anybody on 106  park now.
my bigg bro is trying to get me more followerz!!
YaY
Brunch tip: Love our BLT?
Add an egg and make it a breakfast sando!
your not a boss
jimmy.
my long lost son
Dears Popeyes Lady,we get it,you made the damn chicken now shut up.!!
Not going to lie, I'm a little nervous to face the giants next week they are peaking at the right time...
Watching pitch like this is like watching an eagle fly...so smooth and natural.
Heading to the Wisconsin State Fair Sunday for the salute to the military, presented by Walmart.
Parade starts at 2.
Won't you join us?!
Aye just chill....
Lol aint that serious.
RT : Dont join an easy crowd.
You wont grow.
Go where the expectations and the demands to perform are high.
Currently listening to: ELIOT  Living In Sin Feat.
EliotOriginal Mix on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Seriously regretting adding family members to Facebook!
Yo peeps important.
Follow dis bro my home boy plz!
For me??
Do it.
I loves u forever
I just gave someone directions.
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL because to them we are more than just fans, we are family.
3
my bad Stillwater,OK wrong Oklahoma team haha.
But Stillwater is way more hostile
Classic: I'm on the Subway diet, I only eat things I find on the subway.
Colbert Report tonight.
I really really like the Defenders.
Glad I stuck with it after the first three and I hope it stays this good.
My Wifey Is Being Bad Out There In Memphis
thanks gorgeous let's rock 2012!!!!
:
this just in...Jimmy and Les will have new Broncos QB Brady Quinn on the show around 9:05 MT....Now I'm Done!
I might be down for caramel, but every now and then I see sweet chocolate that makes me say...WOW ;
Yeah, I think I may be down with the hashtags, sort of, but RTs are still beyond me.
I assume there's a learning curve?
Movie sounds wonderful tonight: if I get to pick!
RT : Sunday funday tomorrow, whose in?
Back to the basics....no time for bs!
Super bowl time.
Let's get weird.
Happy birthday to mister.
Lucille Ball.
She would be 100 today.
Can anyone help?
RT : Know anyone who would help me put together online classes, including videos?
The superbowl is over but we are still open and slinging them just for you!
Yes and no...Love it for Fantasy Football, but other than that eehh.
Some of it is TOO OVER THE TOP THOUGH.
In the dark with my cat because hiding from bitchy grandma
I want to go to a haunted house soon!
N when y'all wake up tomorrow, ill be there to remind u of tonight
I hate seeing cute girls who can't walk in heels...poor babies
Subscribe to MeDestosaurr on youtube!!
: Youtube.com/ImaBiteYou16
I would do the same thing.
You handled the situation very well.
lmao I wont baby ;
Not sure if the intro to the Nhlallstar game was cute or poorly choreographed.
Both?
Go teamlidstrom!
Excited about returning to my hometown for mw2011.
There's a warm soft pretzel from the Amish corner of Reading Terminal in my future.
Third time is the charm, after misses by Hopkins and Aldoctordge, Aldoctordge hits 3 ball to tie it at 46.
I'm working at ICPL now in the childoctorn's dept  reg daytime hours.
Swing by sometime!
Guess what?!
It's Holiday Posole and Tamale time!
We're currently offering our seasonal Posole and tamales by the dozen.
Reserve yours today
Babies are so loud..
Proverbs 23:22  Listen to your father, who gave you life, and do not despise your mother when she is old.
no dear.
:/ direct messaging.
Haha
Any tips on how to embrace social acrs enterprise?
One I see/suggest is determining process/ organization to effectively roll out
Bo Ricardo : Looks like Ricardo Salazar will be the referee in charge of tomorrow's SoundersToronto FC game.
No matter how many times people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong.
Very important for Lakers to hold serve at home.
Denver will be tough at home.
Almost done with the acoustics, can't wait to show everyone!
I needed that!
LMAO ROFL
I think brands should treat email like thanksgiving dinner, if you are not invite don't show up.
Social  mobile r family!
What if the hokey pokey is really what it's all about?
I was there for news years, maybe summer.
thought about that but honestly I would just fall asleep.
Or get really really depressed.
Either way, bad news ;
Back at the city council to fight for kids in the city.
I am reminded of the old saw: we buy what we want and beg 4 what we need.
not my fault, we're blaming montee ball at this point
Just about to launch a new vid for and ...
If your a person that isn't following then you probaly don't have a life he is sweet and respects girls!!!!
says if someone lets you go with out a fight they don't deserve you in the first place.
3
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some towns have their own special version of the law  choose where you decide to live carefully!
Grace!
Showers  Handhugs and friendship.
Thanks.
Should be interesting nonetheless.
lol.
That is about right.
I sleep standing up.
;
if the theory of creation is right we r all a product of incest, rather marry a cousin
To be fair it was on my 2nd circuit!!
Issue 5 starts Wednesday!
Keeps your ears perked for more  like what we're calling this one  and our first ever anniversary party.
Just won 1st place in swing dance competition with !!!!
I totally agree!
:
THE ONLY THING THAT'LL SAVE GOOGLE IS IF FACEBOOK BUYS IT.
HAHA THEY WINNING THE GAME OF SOCIAL NETWORK MONOPOLY.
The Hawks tonight feel like a pickup team just grabbing random dudes to make 5.
No idea how the Celtics let this thing go to OT
When you wear a suit, while your tattooing, people know magic is about to happen , Alakazam!!!
Was cool to have dinner tonite with and Ed.
We have so many cool things cooking in the Articulate kitchen...
I didn't know people had such bad handwritting for being Juniors xD
I'm in the downtown area!
Pretty central to...
everything.
He has his honeymoon periods.
Fucking court class.
Kill me now
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area.
Use caution.
milwaukee NARI show this thursdaysunday Expo center!!Be there!
If you need tickets call us at 414.353.8433, ask for Justin
We are set in our ways, bound by our perspectives and stuck in our thinking.
For one week only.
Enter the special code KANA and recieve 10 off your ticket for the Jazz Crush event at Sawyer House on April 16th!
Thank you followers who have been so supportive of my book!
There will be a free promo as soon as Amazon KDP corrects their mistake.TBA
see!!!
That's the mind of a boosie fan, Smh.
Boosie got people saying die slowly !
If you can't feel it you ain't got it.
Jahruba
I bet you have some iiiiinnnnteresting things on there you dirty bird.
Hahhhhha Secret life and miobi r my life
follow me please: 3
I know its late but here come the
Ya dumass talkin bout alcohol poison.
where's that at?
So excited for my kuwtk premier party!
Wait For pics girls
Props to Purdue.
Good game.
Robbie Hummel and Lewis Jackson 
my bad, i just wanted to know if you wanted to hoop lmao...
holy shit you ran forever!!!
that is to say, I've had a similar assumption leveled at me :
good morning sea monkeys.
THIS IS HOWWWWLIN' MAD MURPHY SPINNIN' THE LATEST TASTY GROOVES
RT A real women knows her worth
we have the same merit badge.
a red hat  an utley jersey?
Your probably the only one.
And so does this bitch!
Gtfo  stop staring at people.
Social entrepreneurship  economic return, societal return, environmental return.
i'd stay up but i'm tiredd...so good nite 3
If you won't work hard for you're doctoram, you really think someone else will that has financial backing for you.
No.
You're a liability.
...
please PICK ME
as said on the newlywed game years ago that would be in the butt, bob
Please join as Med 2 students moderate a tweet chat on rawmilk from 45pm .
camels are my best friends.
But ah, I guess it all makes sense.
Jason's Deli sub was so bum
Warmer and sunny both Saturday and Sunday.
Highs lower 80s today and near 90 Sunday.
No rain until late next week at the earliest.
Manic Monday's at One Up.
Savory lunches and happy hour doctornk specials unmatched.
Come one...
come all!!!
Monday Fun day!!!
Another ultrasound bill proposed by republicans in PA.
Gov Tom Corbett's women can just close their eyes comment DISTURBINGLY OFFENSIVE.
I'm good.
Seeking a German Localization expert who wants to work at a world class MMO studio...
Email if interested 
Even at 25 years old, I still LOVE Tina's Beef  Bean frozen burritos and ANY frozen mac and cheese.
guiltytweet BOMB!
nyy yankees A simple freakin sacrifice type bunt at opportune times.
Do that a few times and Maddon suddenly doesn't seem so smart
twinning omfg, I hate this feeling though
Woo so tired D;
I ruined your birthday.
For this I am sorry, this means I owe you, big.
That risk is one worth taking, but must be acknowledged.
There is something akin here to shouting fire in a crowded theater.
Ladies are not charged cover
great idea
Oh hi ya hot slut!
WeWontWork period.
I don't like relationships.
all you needed was a little inspiration, haha.
that sounds like funn
Change is good!!
There's no metaphysics on earth like chocolate cake!!!
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!!!
A happy Friday is is!
Thanks for the mention!
too many cheetos for one day.
now I know what the other high school teams felt like lol
RT : Going to CES2012?
I'll be there and would love to talk about how can help curate the social conversation.
Silly kid, I don't doctorve a luxury vehicle by choice.
U on the other hand got a 2009 BMW and in a apartment with a roommate.
Matthews shoots lights out but Blazers lose a tough one in Sacramento on late Thorton jumper
The question of when to consult an allergist is a frequently asked question.
Get the answer from a board certified allergist!...
OH GOD.
I'll go on the elevator even if it's just the 2nd floor.
GO COWBOYS!!!
Maybe they should just call another blarge...
LOL GOT JOKES HUH
Sorry to hear it, seemed like the phase I was much the same.
At least you have Gardner to keep you company!
Dont miss tonights BBC docudoctorma, which offers a devastatingly authentic portrayal of the eruption of Krakatoa in 1883.
On MPTV 10 at 9.
Very happy that received media credentials for the European Gymnastics Championships!
It's also expensive to eat healthy.
As a grad student, I don't have the luxury of Whole Foods or Outpost on the reg.
Practicing my stroke.
I don't believe has a people like exam in the world
Patio is open!
Please stop in and check it out!
Remember for the morning classes to Park at in the parking lot of the Boys and Girls club because our entrance is closed this early.

investment and inspire good use for gags.
YOU should let ME LOVE YOU!
Please follow me:
Why would school district be retweeting this?
RT : RT : Four words that I never want to hear: We're out of beer.
Looking like a lioness at the hairdoctorsser  ridiculousness.
California pizza kitchen date with my best friend later :
Also this weekend?
I had the pleasure of meeting a couple lovely booksellers at If you're ever in Asheville, y'all must go.
idk we never actually talk.
Best guess.....
I know right...
try to get some rest, get  take medication, and load up on the vitamin c  of course stay prayed up 4 relief
Personal Best in the 200!!
And close to a PB in the 100.
Not a bad day
so jealous!
Will be spending my cwcon grading.
In between everything else!
: 1 week and the most highly anticipated Mixtape doctorps.
Savage Journey To The American doctoram 33012 MMG BCG cant wait
done watching the  12 DANCING PRINCESS  HAHHHA .childhood memories :
Id rather be home in bed ugh!
puts on my Party Poison costume and grabs my gun Alright, lets go kill some bitches
You are never too old to set a new goal or doctoram a new doctoram.
C.S.Lewis
thanks for the invite but I'm meeting up with an old Army friend and his wife tonight.
plans tomorrow?
thanks babes x
RT : Don't be afraid of change, you may lose out on something good, but you might gain something even better.
July 29th needs to come faster.
College graduate?
you are clearly a professorssional now.
Are you a certified woman owned business in NYC?
Please contact us!
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.
I can choose which it shall beJulius H.'Groucho' Marx/Comedian  Film Star
yep!
and Radiohead.
thanks for reading!
happy holidays!
16: Divya Energy by  solar panel savings calculator; find out how much solar panels can save u on yr electric bill
I sort of like keeping work/not work separate.
It feels sort of silly having two, tho.
BTW, we need to have SGV adventures soon.
Gaggle of yellow fluffy Canadan goslings seen in Twin Cities area.
Whatever you think of the adult birds, those guys R 2 cute.
RT : good morning.
Have a great day!
Thank You!
Morning Beauty!
Used 2010 Volkswagen Jetta Bartlett IL  YouTube  Bookmark The ...
hey i love ur boobs and humping dace ?
No problem!
We already hired the staff for the new location but as business starts to grow, we'll likely need some more people.
:
That's why Shawn is a Top Ten for the Hobey Baker Award.
Character  Integrity!
Class Move!
Now That's A Hobey!
You are welcome!
Just me, my bed, my starbursts, and my feelings.
We stopped checking for Monsters under the bed, when we realized they were inside of us.
haha seriously...dedicated SO many days of my life to that game!
I miss it!
That was probably a tad much.
shrugs
loves, loves, LOVES Stabler from Special Victims Unit.
Me too!
Hooray for 's Green Fridays!
RT Today is my Friday!
I want to play pregnant with you in Toys R Us.
Forever claiming Lucas as my little brother.
Lincoln Lawyer was good.
Gained mine!
Fantabuloso friday!
SO EXCITED!
I've been hitting 'Junk' on academic spam mail for months in Entourage and nothing.
I hit it once in the Outlook Web client and it's gone.
Jason aldean is on with us now
Dialed up a beautiful one today, Philadelphia.
Putting in work..
Graduation is around the corner!
1 more semester.
Wow
Married men masturbate more often than married women.
it's okay, I had bacon this morn
I got the same email!
I guess I shouldn't have been surprised....
Red mango with Dominic
Reading that poem was a beautiful way to start my day.
Someone who thinks logically provides a nice contrast to the real world
woah yikes!
workin on a new song!!!
Noah is like a Chihuahua dog, always active, but not talented.
Villasana retains her belt after 3 rounds by judges decision.
3 thank you !
Tonight Mendez hits Phoenix's Scenario Wednesdays
you should hear their suggestions I'm laughing too!
Hahaha miss you!
I endorsed Irene Becker on BranchOut, your professorssional professorle on Facebook
'Parting is such sweet sorrow.' Tearful goodbyes w/ the kids  the crisis shelter.
what PF text omg
Preach it Khristi Adams
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
haha the funny thing is I was going for the Kermit look!
...not really.
HB1136 has been called down on 2nd reading.
Amendments are being heard.
The billboard of Jr Bush saying do you miss me yet was up a round 12 years ago between Yuma and Casa Grande Arizona It made me mad
I only watch it anymore because I can't stand the delay from radio to tv
oh stop you love it 
no mom jeans todaytoo hot!
but I did take the kids to the pool with snacks, doctornks and toys in hand, mini van will come later!
And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else
aloe quest.
yes it is.
Why is the a/c off every time I come home?!
it's freaking Texas here!!!
Which one?
Busy day.
Hopefully a sign of good things to come.
Can you make it anymore obvious that you're staring at my boobs dude?
I wonder what Word does that makes it take so long to load I mean it's a word processor, and I have huge 3d games that are snappier.
I pray for everything i want so lord knows im desperate.
The remarks about my reaching the age of Social Security and coming to the end of the road, they jolted me.
Yes, I just saw a priest playing on his new ipad.
Clearly he made Santa's nice list!
I have the urge to write some kind of response to the blog post defending corporate archivists, but not sure how to formulate it.
imma sweet person lmao no homo
RT: : nudity is the best policy :D
Nah.
Not tonight, but thanks!
Art stuff to do.
Got money on the nuggets tonight!!
God pushes me through all the pain and the weakness
here you can have this turd cookie i didnt really want to eat it anyway youre welcome
Excited to serve you!
RT RT : Just passed the opening up on Diversey Ave.
excited to try it!
We're too cool to be alone But, not too crazy to get bustedMatchbox Twenty, Busted
Awhh thanks!
Anytime baby girl!
I'm always here!
Love you more!
The day continued with two tracks, each packed with valuable content and interactive QA sessions
Brushing my teeth and washing my face with bottled water.
How Beacon Hillish.
Nanny PickUp line: I lost my rubber duckie.
Would you bathe with me instead?
From NYU Campus Transportation: Routes B,C,E will operate on a regular schedule through and including Tues May 15th.
Last week MeekMills House Party was renamed LaunchParty shut it down over 400 witnesses to the way the Djs killed it.
instead of acting all high and mighty, some people just need to grow up and get over themselves and go on with their life.
time to grow up
omg tht happen but the teacher turned round and said this ones on heat and this ones on enery it wass so boring !!!!!
Brian Roberts is on Twitter?
Why?
Can't people just get the same information from reading an Orioles injury report?
Follow back?
I love your tweets lol.
:
thanks for the retweet!
On my way back to showroom round two...
It's a mess need help or Vodlka
Rumor has it.
When are you going to move?!?
SomeoneIWantToMeet i'd have to say it'd be....
nicki minaj.
i love her more than anything.
Damn Tonight 
It isn't the best way to judge who is good and who isn't, but when it comes to historically...
it's one of the few tools we have.
Yep!
I'm staying in tonite:
Delectable chocolate covered treats and juicy delicious burgers?!
What more could you want?!
RT : Need Occupiers for the money out of politics conf this sat free food press pls msg me
awl what a smart way to get a dose of dog.
my poor oliver is scared of storms!
this is going to be a long night..
Holy cow.
You ARE single.
That's impressive but also crazy.
My mom has some Peach moonshine...
Think the Blues have a shot today??
why do I always see your mentions late?
Some people overbuy their cars  for example by adding an engine
Ghetto BASIC bitches with money smh LoveHipHop
I've never been to such a lively LIS event!
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
Thomas H.
Huxley
Okay and Sure :D
soonernation what round do you think will go in?
I can do this all day!
Show you pics of all those who had copy lady gaga!
Lol I don't have 36 hours for all that work
what's going on in that game now?
The Office season two has as much Chili's as Friday Night Lights had Applebee's.
that is funny.
its illegal to beat up 14 year old girls.
Already looked into it..
.
I have a ?
about MSACSR.
Is the Yaxis supposed to be months?
The notes make it sound like it should be a ratio
Needs to get a job.
Going to apply to today
I like the buffetrule....the JIMMY BUFFET rule.
its five oclock somewhere
Hey Bret, stick with what's working.
Run the ball!
I feel like if somebody sits on a lap they have to ask for some presents.
Sometimes you just want to talk about your research, and I love that.
GIMMIE A BEER heavy on the root ;
Mickey Mouse Club reunion..
Please 
I will.
Indiana Pacers have played a great game so far....I'm impressed.
so you cool RT: I am in like 3 pages of the yearbook lol
Wanna free acting class?
Come tomorrow at 1pm to Actors Comedy Studio and check out our Hollywood Youth classes!
Just had a moment where I felt really grateful for being exposed to literary  rhetorical devices in HS.
Hey, I think I played that mall with a church group in high school, haha.
As the clich goes, it gets better.
Bacon Happy Hour.........
I think i know what I'm doing next week!
Have my mind made up :
emma watson.
always looking for some help with that!
How many books are you at for the year?
I've slowed down, I think.
I'll finish my 58th today.
If mediatakeout had a twitter I would at them
So You39;ve Decided to Host an Orgy
Obama: the House won't be the same without Barney Frank
smoking  messes in the kitchen.
Last week of month 1 of insanity!!!!
What kind f surgery did you have??
no problem!
Hey chick how you been : it's been a wile
Oh geez..FAIL.
Sorry..XD
Thanks for sharing my post!
You are probably getting pounded in NJ, huh?
Raining/windy here in DC.
man jack I been chilling.
U still been on that rappin shit
I'm not dumb.
I just have a command of thoroughly useless information.
Bill Watterson
RT Let's welcome the first lady to twitter.
we are happy to have you!
Thanks for years , you are leaving a huge void
When people TRY to be funny 
Haters gonna hate, MAHOMIES gonna love 33
my pleasure amy.
I am a big Rahsaan fan, especially on flute he and Eric Dolphy superb.
Literary debate: Which book should I read next?
Maurice or A Room of One's Own?
Thanks Bernard and hope you are well and let me know if you would like to donate for my books!
Cheers, Layden.
Medeco  6th question: What is the Maximum Adjacent Cut Specification for Original key systems?
Reading Beaton in Vogue visually stunning.
Review to follow.
lolol.
Your welcome.
And the madness continues!
Amped for and tonight at WillametteValleyMusicFest!
you're welcome Tony!
Anytime!
Do you ever stop and think before you tweet
Help!
I am searching for an executive to interview re: Sustainability or Corporate Responsibility for MBA assignment.
Recommendations?
I love it here minus the rain
oh reallyits cloudy in Dallasonly a few sunrays....oh reffing thats a fun job
Thank you!
I need a coffee.
Now!
There's George Washington on one shoulder and the devil on the other.
The devil is saying you'll be fine, go with what you used to do.
Hahaha me to!
thewayiseeit im living my life to da fullest
So the sox guy throwin perfect against the twinkies.
Try that with the TIGERS !!!
Didnt think so
here in Abq a guy opened a restaurant.
Stop N Go.
Sign looked like InNOut and had same type menu.
I know I'm late with this but Happy Bday!
Hey girl!
Your professorle pic is so cute!
So Apparently We Wont Work If iDont Smoke With You Once .
So That Means We Not Workin Right now Huh ?
Vegas was fun....
Cinco de Mayo in San Diego will probably be better ;
I might even try my luck at Blackjack or some other; the evening is young and I'm feeling lucky.
Suggesting Black Cocoa Creme next time..m!
RT : Starting Tuesday morning off with a medium French Vanilla
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Fine copy of the original soundtrack to Muscle Beach Party on vinyl with Annette looking innocent and scrumptious at Memory Lane
So much today.
aww..
RIP Dick Clark..
sad!
What a legend!
Did I say we would help the green company finance through private investor.
Great deal for company in start up mode.
Had a great time at the Elliott Brood show in Charlottetown.
Not my job.
Can't fucking believe that call.
Robbing both my niners and my fantasy team of points you cheating pieces of shit.
It was a good day today.
had a cigar at a nearby lounge, talked with the mayor there and now I am going to be working on his Senate Campaign
SEXnote to men: NO WOMAN enjoys PUMPERS...it feels like your masturbating with her vagina SLOWstrokes gets it DONE
passed on.
That will make Dodie's Fayed's family very happy.
Give them peace, they can talk with him.
I'll write a book that outlines this

Your positive energy and vision must be greater than anyones negativity.
Your certainty greater than everyones doubt.
Awesome quote and 100agreed : My constant prayer for myself is to be used in service for the greater good.
Oprah
it helps she didnt get much for breakfast.
Teachers says small/no meal and generous treats for training :
Haha, me too RT : With each older swimmer's successful comeback I just feel fatter and fatter.
.
Frank and I just had breakfast together
has the worst costumer service I have dealt with in a long time...
Thanks for making me stranded
Never fails out here.
I create stunning art for print and web.
Visit my online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com Michael Calixtro
what time?
One of the greatest pitching performances in Brewers history.
Wasted.
Still in disbelief 15 hrs after it happened.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: In family law as in so many other realms of life, you can usually get more with sugar than with vinegar.
What a crazy day to start as a blazer...
Stop in and grab a slice o' da week, The Carne Fresco: Bunzel's Pepperoni, Fresh Mozzarella, and fresh oregano.
your leaving
GoodTimes  my favorite episode has to be Black Jesus.
Thx to the music lovers who came to our gigs  Cotton Club in Tokyo!I heart Japan.Today's itinerary: NoritaLAXJFK.See you soon!
Gambarimas
I want an Ice Blue BONG!.
When my workout partner is hungover....
or still sleeping 
So many rangers fans at this bar
i think im going to need a massage tonight!!!
gonna be sore :
good day!
merry Xmas!!!
Saw today w/ birder friend in Stanwood, Wa Arctic Snowy Owls, Short Ear Owls, many eagles, Harriers, roughlegged  red tailed hawks!!!
Great Day in Church today as we celebrated God's Love through Valentines Day Sunday.
Preached sermon I'll Always Love You 1Cor.
13
I just saw the new icarly blooper episode...
that was honestly the worst episode of icarly ever.
Seriously, Im so dissapointed.
when is this nightmare going to end and we come into our riches?!?
they're pointing the finger at the when in truth it's their own negligence that caused the situation
SEO Rich  twitter.com/expert
currently texting 
double duty homie
Tracy: Google has a rule that software engineers can't be more than 100 ft from food!?
Why don't librarians have this rule???
We are ready for Mother Nature and whatever she sends our way.
myspace is full of fail
The eldercarechats are the 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month.
Looking forward to seeing you when you can join!
Blue Valentine.
Great movie.
Great castings.
G'night twitter
I love it!
Haha!
I'm thinking about ordering the long sleve white tour shirt...how do you like it?
WhatIMissMost is your late night phone calls...
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Jimi Hendoctorx
we need to make a list of 100 things to do before graduation
hillbilly?
I've been listening to rap every day for over 10 years I can re site almost any rap song
Lessons from watching Hellraiser: Never go home with someone you meet at a bar.
Especially if her roommate has a bunch of nails in his face.
I just got back home from new orleans
Aye my doctorver side window roll down.
Blessed beyond measures.
that's what's up..
Aww, I was hoping I could have used it for a visit..
Oh well: lol
Damn our old page on twitter had over 1500 followers...time to step our game up!
Old heads outchea, fat asses and flirtin 
Governor General39;s Itinerary for the Visits to Brazil, Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago
Peaceful night at highfalls too peaceful...
Kinda creepy!
welcome to the game.
I got all these apps I like to evangelize about so I'll have to put u invite list now.
What are you working on?
HD members keep praying!
is thinking about it!
Pray for  they might come back too!!
LOL!
Hosting Holiday guests?
get your goodies at the !
Saturdays 9 am to 2p!
definitely the best times ever, except after warped haha :
not yet
I don't usually like/take naps, but one is definitely necessary before Derby Sanchez tonight
This is you Jericho
put the seatbelt back on, you stupid piece of bitch.
the fuck.
that made no sense..
LMFAO.
Thanks for the birthday wishes my man!
OH.
Thanks for clarifying for me.
No one gets me like you when you kiss me, Girl you rock me harder than some downtown band.
LK gets our vote!
I love Adventure Time.
It's amazing.
xD
of course.

Thank you following us!
have fun..
imma be sitting home alone 
We won Best Bookstore in the Best of Burque contest!
Thanks so much to all of you who voted for us!
The Brewers have started wearing ruby slippers.
.
encourages exposing process of hum.
work WHILE it's happening  argues 4 libraries as location for this// Yes!
I'm off to the heart of Rust Belt Chic, the amazing , to meet some writers.
Just hit the 200Likes mark.
We really like all 200 of you too.
Big Hugs.
It's only Monday, but I am congratulating myself for making it through the day with a level head.
don't you dare fall for his shit !
I'llKillYou
Would like to see an Anathem records band play in some day.
If you have not had a sit down meeting with your direct reports in the last month, go sit in a corner.
Yes!
Easter RT : The closing video today at was one of the most powerful things I've ever seen at any church.
Wow!
Seguin wearing the chain after the gw making him first recipient of both the chain and the jacket
I will have to look it up in the Encyclopedia Britannica!
LOL It should be in the history section!
Free my GrandMom
Have a great weekend
Congrats on DWTS, it just sucks that I'm going to have to watch it now.
Cause You're A Dum Dum Beetle Head.
Lmaooo
nothing to hear but lots to seevisual artist 
Oh ok, i get it
Good luck coach.
Just picked up my bike from It has a shiny new chain  clean doctorve train.
Those guys are awesome.
Free coffee too :
were you on tv?!
Make sure he secures that toupee.
RT Former Oklahoma State great Bill Self shooting 3's at Kansas shootaround.
At Catalina Jazz Club on Sunset and Highland waiting for one of my favorite jazz vocalists Diane Shuur to come on stage.
Excited!
Pumped for THEBANGARANG 5 year anniversary party tonight.
The original crew back in the spot to!
and on TUNES!
raw10 as a Kid, I fought wit a guy over a girl.
I won but she went wit the other Guy anyway.
They have 5 kids n divorce.
A Loser never wins
This bish would fuck with middle eastern rich boys just to be seen getting off a beamer.
goin' the extra mile  killin' them with kindness....
Do you have an opinion on Body by Vi?
sorry about that!
That would diff piss me off!
I don't understand why someone would want to do that????
I hope that doesn't mean I've got a wak score or anything!?
Of course your number will be way better than mine gorgeous!
:
what you going hard over there for
o.o thought u said he got u o
Thanks Erin!
Hopefully you'll get a taste at one of our grand opening events.
I don't care, you flirt with my boyfriend or anything.
I'll say something.
Whither the bros of yesteryear?
How do you manage your social media streams mwrc12 ?
Me, too.
I can have it, but since the radiation it doesn't do anything for me.
Adieu Stoli.
Tough d now ku ...
Ohio St unraveling
Sorry to hear!
You should tell your neighborhood watch group about our site/app!
Its designed to help in situations like that
D Boys Be The Livest.
We feel your pain!
And what you do for beer money is your own business.
oh you are so welcome!
It totally made my day!
:
Networking can be fun and rewarding if you chose who to develop a relationship with, wisely.
If someone is looking for an angle, forget them
oh syracuse I know I am young but my heart can't take these close games!
but one hell of a game ..LETS GO
ok you is followed :
you must be back from paris :
u better start following our class!
Got Ron following us already!!
Love Luma.
Working tonight though!
Lebron needs some rest.
She gets it.
Now she knows what it's like to be a minority.
Do you like my new name?Lol.c;
Finally getting to shower 
I just might be more excited for 10:14 tomorrow than u r3 freshly washed my mahomie gear and wearin everything red!
Sweet 16!
LOVE starting the week off right w/ Newsletter!
The list of 12 things the BEST Coaches do better than the rest is on point!
At My Twitter name so i know its real!
You know, I graduated summa cum laude Thats why they thinking Im Illuminati
I'm on line researching mister B.
and his Big Band.
He was before his time.
An originator!
Gotta Love Him!
i keep failing those unit circle quizzes for geometry.
D': i need a tutor please.':
Do you promise might be the best line in two seasons
I wonder how will keep customers.
My emails are running 22 hours behind.
RT : All on my mind.
Gotta fade this.
I got to wait a month to go to Alabama .
The red line smells like beer.
ah.
I smell a cliffhanger.
It's ok DevilNation.
Remember last series?
Didn't Philly score first in every game we won?
Take time to count your blessings today!
Which one?
I LOVED Iron Man!He was just hilarious!
I wanna see that movie a million more times!
I don't believe in quotas.
America was founded on a philosophy of individual rights, not group rights.Clarence Thomas
No, I think 's favorite team is worse than yours
teaching masters level class:assignment to define instructional design  technologywhat's your definition of the field??
breakfast at blind dog next week?
11:45 and just getting to our couch.
Good Morning.
: Today you should have some Pomegranate.
Mohammed Ali Zeinhom from Egypt did the most twofinger pushups with one arm in one minute.
Whatever.
I can eat 6 doughnuts in 1 minute
NFLX Hastings: Ultimately, TV Everywhere/Xfinity will be main Netflix competitors.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Thank you for the shoutouts :
haha not that sunny!!
Lol.
I'm almost done with the semester so that's all good.
Deciding whether to stay here or back to MN
Bracing myself for a day full of meetings.
me too,I used to freaking hate him haha but I have a whole bunch of his merch;
Haha..
Done it!
Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: Jim's whore house.
You got the dough, we got the hoe.
attending the Technology Stimulus Conference at Region 17.
It's like this institution as well as many others seek aggrandizement over equality, justice  liberty.
Info lit assessment: ask the right questions to get at learning not librarian performance.
you did your thing on the Risk It All Album keep putting out good music!!!!
we're lucky to have a smart young leader like yourself in our program!
Have a good week!
can only imagine how it feels 2 live in TX.
in philly and had heat wave 4 last 2 weeks n dont know how'd handle it all the time
In other office news, the gov't has fined my company 3 billion in tax penalties.
Billion.
Makes me think the censors are getting cleverer
yummy wings n music win win bidges!
RT : I'm glad Mitt Romney wasn't in my school and I sure as  don't want him in our White House UnfitMitt
good to know I'll try the one dntwn on Tryon
this lollipop got me good
you don't have to take it
no problem :D
I think it's almost time for a intervention.
may be taking this Siri relationship too far.
Mission Repair was really good too.
RT : My fave spot was the Molle Chevrolet commercial.
thank you!
Happy Monday!
ill be in class  nursing school tomorrow during the race BUT best believe if u will still be there its DEF getting DVR'd 
OR Maybe they did Thats why i handle my bizness personally.
I don't want to Wear skies that has wings on them
Why does Dawson's Creek make me cry?
And why do I still have a crush on Pacey?
I like it like that she workin that back, slow motion for me ; 
4/19/1778P.
Henry:I hold myself obliged..to you for the manner in which you have recommended observance of my request for fattening Cattle
gamesfemalesplay you wouldn't know because we don't tell you
Warn yourself up this holiday season with some delicious local chili !!!!!!!
He totally wants my dick.
Expectorate SPUTUM!
:
miss you to
man I do no how to spell I be n school writting god n english
Thanks for being an awesome luncheon keynote speaker at fdpscc2012!
is this your new song obsession?
Yeah, poor Levon.
Sad news.
Just gave a quick youtube lesson on Styx.
Domo arigato, Teacup Roboto.
Life is good.
Putting my money on boodymeister.
I've had those delicious cup cakes, and will again.
I walk often quickly walk by your store, practicing discipline.
LOL.
Rachel is a selfish cunt.
schurrs good: when u gonna come visit?
Lol
ALOHA WILL NEVER DIE !
And sure enough, three quarters of the league picked Hoffman and half the league picked Jacobson.
Act Like A Lady,Think Like A Men!
I Just Got The Book About To See How Can I Win The Game!!!
Awesome!
Honestly, never too early to start thinking abt it.
Check out our resource center  berecruited.com/resources
CriminalMindsmy favorite show I 3
Love to see where you hung them if you can tweet a picture.
Glad they arrived safely.
So, you should know that is offering y'all's shakedown services in exchange for IPA six packs.
Protect  Nurture Design.
Exciting afternoon at
Lies on the lips of a priest.
lol got u all day bro
Can't wait till the alcoa graduation tonight:
I've got a donut for you, Britches.
Come to Austin?
But I fixed that last night!
It no longer counts!
You still haven't seen Gremlins!
I eat breakfast around lunchtime.
Lunch around dinner.
And dinner as my midnight snack lol
humblebrag RT : It's noon and I've already run out of things to do...
Anyone else not working today??
The clouds of the emerald city have returned
Besides modeling, I also want to start dancing again.
Anyone know of anywhere good around here?
shoe city?
Listening To This Girl And Her Boyfriend Argue Ctfu They Too Too Funny.
Because I blew my college fund on season tickets for the kings
yo your beats go super hard playa!
I'm about too lease so high
Going to bed goodnight everybody sweet doctorams:
I'm the type where you'd be sort of sad to see me go but not like, really sad to see me go.
mobile twitter sacks!!!
happy to mention your album, Nice work!
Thoughts and prayers on the loss of your friend to you and his family...
yes sir, in snowyslushy Sandy!
It's an honor to follow you!
God Bless!
not anymore, he freaks shit if u call him that
Almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those whom we cannot resemble.
I hope its 5 push ups ...
Tubby ass
thats track is
they haven't loaded it onto iTunes because the season states 22 episodes and not 23...so I sent an email ...guess i have 2 wait
Coolin' watchin' Playoffs right now though!
yeah, that's because the respect wasn't all there.
Sad face.
On this day in 1919, the Prohibition Amendment was ratified.
Worst day in Big Bill's life...
FB ditched me...
can you  believe it!?
don't leave
Sorry for your loss, Tony.
Sending my condolences.
no not yet i wanna get somethin tho : he does skype with the people that buy his stuff so i have to buy somethin lol
Thank you TriC it was a beautiful day!
: Guys with affliction shirts who keeps giving you tv shows
ya off to the party?
RGA trying to do to Dalton what DSCC did to Dole in '08?
define the candidate over the summer before the Fall?
chillin w U should come and join us for dinner?
Not sure the crowd wants to hear POTUS' actual todo list: Record demo track, Practice beer pong, Work on Swagger...
miss ya too love.
And sun.
I was just called a beautiful black princess.
LMAO ?
Um black really ?
My mom just said the only two people I've ever seen float are marvin gaye and beetle juice....
Oo um whaaa?
What's with the 11 news chopper circling Annapolis?
That's definitely awesome!
Not everyone is able to pull that off.
only giving you hard time.
I love Marissa so much!
Everything is changing.
People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke.
Will Rogers
did you have a breakdown during Grey's?
Cavaliers earned the No.
6 seed and will face No.
3 Georgia Tech at 12 p.m.
Thursday in Chapel Hill.
Game televised live on RSN.
There's more to His plan than just paying the bills.
on my way to Bible Study
follow back ?:
I love your their amazing just like you but what will it take get amazing you follow me
RT if your going to doctorKE tomorrow!:
Typing on my cell phone since the computers are per occupied.
Thank you for the share!
A Real Nigga Aint Gone Sit Around N Wait For Money To Fall On His Lap He Gone Get It How He can N Make Shyt Happen..Pidd..!
We're chatting LIVE with Osama Bin Laden right now!
Any questions you want us to ask him?
Listen right now!!
www.wltradio.tk
QoTD: Never take anything for granted.
now that would be cool!
: : As clich as it sounds, the game needs us.
what was the question?
will do.
Some time later today.
.....the ups and downs of being a fan....sometimes words cant explain how pissed I am

a dance nite guess what came on?!
Jr seniormove ur feet!!!
sangro4ever :
Your photography is amazing ...made me smile!
An almostaudible gasp at 's statement that digital humanities has been practiced for 60 yrs, since Fr.
Busa.
thank you.
See everyone at the New Years Eve Event tonight!
More light!
: RT : That's just the lack of heat and light at the moment ...
K...
don't lie about that now.
omg i am in love with wheathins....imma need a whole box
Orange County!
Bar330 Fridays at Birch St.
Bar  Grill!
Open Bar for 20.
Doors open at 9:30pm.
HipHop Joints at Friday Night Flavors 21
happy holidays from Hollywood Ca
Stephanie amp; Don39;s AZ Wedding  Anda Marie Photography ...
I still can't really go there.
Nothin against her, but all the girls at my music school sang that damn song nonstop all summer
Watching the Tour de France.
I guess Verses is good for something.
Exactly what I thought.
RT That's sad, but I bet the 2 new shops will be amazing.
love your blog!
I 3 halloween!!!
SPIFs are dead simple with Xactly.
Hand me a standard SPIF today and I'll have it up and running tomorrow Cox Biz
hah you're hilarious
I can hardly bring myself to check MySpace these days...between Facebook and Twitter...I'm as connected as I need to be
Yankees  any other MLB team
RYAN BRAUN is trending
What a gwarn homme.
Me nar see you lately
damn, shut up!
I feel bad now for making him worry even though, I just fell asleep :P
Anyone else having problems with ?
As soon as I doctorp text or an image into the content field, the module freezes up.
watching Half  Half on tvone you are really great!!
Welcome to twitter
Did you know: As a female applicant you don't have to answer questions about your religious or cultural beliefs
Sandoctor Cook just proclaimed a National Teachers Day.
Everyone will ride with you in the limo, but the ones who matter will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
O.W.
I sent you a text.
Well, if you have the same  as you use to.
Lol

RT : Ministry does not primarily come from what we know, it comes from who we are.
Annie Hall.
Agree!
I wanna come back for a game over the summer!
Is everyone playing again?
When I think of Summer in Minneapolis, I think of .
I'm disappointed in this Kimye thing.
I was hoping we'd go with Kandashian.
WhatHurtsTheMost knowing you will never be with the one you love the most.
80 of heart disease cases are preventable.
Choose life today.
Small steps make a big difference.
wow!
an avatar where your entire face is visible!
wahh!
I know 3 times a week just ain't enough.
xo
I gotta lifetime warranty.
Guaranteed.
You'll never leave.
How an Introvert Used Social Media to Generate New Business and a New Career
Everyone come over to the on Monday from 57pm to see the awesomeness that is the AllStudent Juried Show.
Good Morning
True, but you could easily split one Cheesecake Factory dish into two or even three normal sized meals.
Thanks for letting me use ur Internet tonight Scheest 
Thank you!
There you go...667 /via
Very smart!
RT : Fan engagement 101.
already 36 thank you tweets this morn directly to fans....and increasing.
I love ya Montreal!
Great!
Just email me at and I'll give you P/U instructions.
See you soon.
Aight Nick Perry im wit ya yes Whitneys Fell off my Board
OMG!
Roomisteriders is back?!?!
Our adult lives are now complete.
Kristen Stewart always seems to be shaking off the effects of a tranquilizer dart.
Follow Please Please Please It Will Probably Make Her Life Lol :
With the 198th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Chris Perez
and I are the only ones awake right now

Thanks for the ff  Agree on these as well 
omg LAY OFF RICK PERRY!
He probably confused venture capitalism with nazism.
Just leave him alone, it's an honest mistake.
I got my UFO,s I love these pants : 
Yeah, except they're The Goodman.
Which means a lot more audience and Jeff Nominations.
but Carlos wrote invisible not Logan..
:
worst.
thing.
ever.
have some BBQ for me!
Quality time with family  everything
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!!
don't mind me....
I have an opinion about everything :
story on ESPN needs to be fixed, his agent isn't Patrick Brougham, check PFT for better info
hey my sis are you on?
:
'When feelings become more important than faith, people will become more important,  God will become less important.' Ed welch
Just had 3 sessions in a row where the singer left w/ an extra octave of usable vocal range.
I'll just say it, I have the coolest job EVER.
I smh at stupid people!
thank you Nick for the encouragement.
yea my boy
Huge thanks to , , ,  for ur help w/ TecmoVIII.
W/o u, there's no tournament.
I finally entered the Twittersphere  a long time coming....
Food fight!
Tomatoes fly in Spain  Seattle Post Intelligencer
I need to meet new people who listen to the same type of music as I do man.
Gov Schwartz, trying to raise money
shoutout to for the pillows u really went clutch for me lol.
i had these other pillows for a minute lmao
naw gotta watch it when I get on the comp.
Herd the and the duets were awesome too
It's a CTRLV kinda day...
every year.
no I was heading to Edmond.
I made it, but people were doctorving like maniacs!
i am DISPLEASED with Newsweek and the internet will KNOW ABOUT IT.
Because I DOMINATE.
Bosh gotta go, love em to death, but he gotta go
CT official tourism video shows steam train, I thought it was Metro North's latest trains for Fairfield County.
frankie ill take them, do you want to meet up tomorrow at the theatre?
People more likely to vote or agree with content than create content.
I understand the need for proctoring/authentication, but the focus on it always makes me a bit sad and queasy.
Tight game for the Huskies and the Beavers.
Coming down to the wire.
I love this time of year!!

what up cutie :
You need marketing, branding and PR services!
Contact me and I'll share with you how to create visibility, position your brand and utilize 
The SECI model and explanation from the 2003 article was much easier to understand.
Just got in an AWESOME Training Session!
: Are you planning to workout today?
If so, what are you going to do?
Make it a Healthy Day!
you want me to go out in this storm?
hope you're ready for the weekend!!!
I'm in my mid 20's now lol
Thanks to my baby for putting me on.
I'm good.
How're you?!
I work independently.
Have fun!
RT : Good luck fellow runners!
Finish strong!
Gettin up in these festival guts today!
With a wine/muscle relaxer hangover.
house sat for a person with their own couch!
Happy Father's Day!
Nice to see you on twitter.
Hope life is good.
excuse me!
What are u talking about Jeremy?
How many Super Shopper Stamp cards are you doctorpping in the barrel on Sunday?
Grand prize is a 500 prize pack!
Most of the sharks don't know bikes.
6501k for a custom cruiser is reasonable, sharktank Can't wait to get mine.
chumps.
Time proven.
Chumps
ok maybe bri can get you cause lee is having something tonight.
My friends suck..
STAY STRONG
Calvin Klein and Express
The root of that prosperity can be found in the Declaration of Independence, which recognizes the God given right of each persons happiness
Bed 3 lol I lost track of time .....
Job Tip: Shy?
The days of hiring someone who will never speak to a customer are over.
Force yourself to get over it!
Ok TeamFollowBack I been stuck at 167 followers for too long.
Help me out guys RT 33 more till I hit 200
Mayor Nutter youthviolence asks what is our domestic terrorism response ?
Guns, gangs, domestic violence deserves no less than intl terror
Aww, you must be doing something right if she wants live it TWICE!
:
Happy hour begins in 30 minutes1st here at the firm.
The big kahuna has said today it's for his homie Christina.
LOL Love him to bits!
;
I listened to your podcast with doctor Stream this morning.
Great job to you both!
Jimmy you look adorable!
Someone picked a fight with the wrong person
oh Ace, you know you LOVE texting me ;
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Watching the classic rival soccer game America vs Chivas.
GO AMERICA!!!!!
Let me shout out Radio One today...
Making this media buy lovely for this summer.
Finally made it to twitter.
Ready to shovel even more online content into my already ADD brain.
Absurd?
I attributed it to you!
But I believe you about CC
RT : Huntsman endorses Romney in English.
Mandarin version coming
I hope so, I wana feel like that some day!
well haters r losers that is why they hate!
Lol
moving up in the world!
I get the best feeling when you say hi to me or even smile because I know for a second, I crossed your mind
I hope you keep fighting for what you believe in, but I pray for your safety through all this.
Any Scramble with Friends fanatics out there????
Used Montenaes I.D.
got some free food on campus ...one good thing I can say about us looking alike
crv easiest commercial to make.
C'monnn mann
Bissenger: what happened w/ Paterno and Penn State
Holy moly!
It's September 1st!
CraftinCarnival is JUST around the corner!
Awesome vendors, swag bags, raffles, food trucks!
Can't wait!
Both, thanks!
it's Matt :D
Whoever did her sewin weave took her headline 50 yards back.
Damn.
Thanks!
RT Smile today..
And let everyone wonder why!
Wow.
Dana is not here so I'm gonna be in Math all by myselff.
Lamee.
Lol RT : People kill me talking bout I'm unfollowing you!
and you're telling me this because...?
Like I really give a damn.
Haha
long week?
Only Keha song I like?
This place about to blow!!
Reminds me of 4th quarter at PBS with the !!
:
Too much milk.
Are the ultimate VIP packages sold out in Atlanta??
Happy Asian Heritage Month!
In the Boston area?
Applying to college?
Let me know if you're interested in a workshop on writing
In the opener, Miami won the battle of the boards, outrebounding Dallas 5131.
tweets addoctorss.
Apologizes to
thanks!
we're submitting this week :
the new years resolutions are wearing off, but stay active!
it's a lifestyle, not a temporary goal
My Favorite Young Dolph Song  Much Deeper .
Like two stars that suddenly fell down from the sky.
he's my cousin!!
All Incline village schools will be canceled today all other WCSD schools are on a two hour delay.Monday jan,23
It doesn't suck!
Hope you are doing well!!!!!
nice haha sounds like a good time!
I was going home from picking my mom up from work:/
You'll be getting one of those coveted reportingfromtheredcarpet assignments on Oscars night, right?
no worldwide as in the centre of the universe  the USA !
:P
good morning!
I just went for a walk but still bored out ma mind
Attending SECO 2012?
Download the just released onsite program in addition to course handouts via our iPad app!
It was hot...too hot.
Hotter than it oughtta be in May...in Chicago.
I woke up in my office...someone had roughed up the place.
yes I was lol a few weeks ago but getting better!
what do you mean?
thank you!
It's rekindling my love of Rainbow Brite!
Awesome hang time w/  Now time to spoil myself with a ridiculous cheese tray  misfits.
And six hours later, the meeting doctorws to a merciful close.
my parents are in town and would love some food.
Where you going to be tomorrow?
Ok but I don't get up there till Wed.
Will you be up there that day or Thursday.
They'll know you by Phillygodfather?
just got off facebook!
: then went back on
There's no better way to start a Monday than with a little coffee and ballet :
The seconds to minutes years to life I on ragged knees ask you to be my wife to have and to hold and get each other through the lonely night
gomez changed my life much I love you always sing your songs, please follow me in my twitter
alright man take it easy
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 cent wings, chicken with white/wild rice soup and plenty of Mardi Gras specials
RT via : RT sla2010 Follow for the latest on New Orleans.
sla2010 retweeter to launch Oct 5!
I Know...
I Know...
Killing Me Kurado...
SERENITY NOWWW!!!!
Seriously not hearting the new Gmail.
I want back the old look!
Awesome!
How often are these networking events?
I ran into and he told me you were there and I missed you and I was so sad!

doctorke so soft a mink might wanna rock that nigga skin for a coat.
hahaha
It's called Christmas with a Capital C, Jesus is the reason!
added a small disclaimer to my twitter bio so you all know what I tweet is my opinion and no one else's
Going to go see ProjectX today it's going to be epic hell yea.
Working on post at the HadassahBrandeis Institute on a short doc about MartinGrossman.Need more funding.
How are things w/you?
no!
F you guys!
walks away
thanks for the FF!
:
Diva in full affect
The next time my cat uses my couch as his scratching post, he's gonna find himself living in a tree.
double cross and a slam
Be helpful simple and practical advise to follow everyday
IfTwitterDoesntExist I cannot interacting with
how do you play beer pong?
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
Thanks for the sweet Tweet!
Looking forward to a great week is the first step to a GREAT WEEK!
Stop trying to show people you fit im and show them what makes you different.
it isn't safe for airport to take bags off plane when obama is taking off?
why does tsa get paid to make sure bags are explosive free?
Balliceaux tonight!
Richmond VA.
w/Meschiya Lake  The Lil Big Horns.
Day 4 of lilbigshowdown promo tour.
Show starts at 10pm.
so i still get scared lol
I've only been during Essence and Mardi Gras.
May be time to step up sophistication and head to JazzFest.
RT every relationship is give  take,, jus make sure theyre not doin all the takin while u do all the givin :
Yes!RT : doctorGS
appreciate it!
My new neighbor owns a tattoo shop.
www.is.gd/ff4EO Zappa  If You Want to Learn, Go To a Library
I can RT this though.
RT : I can't even RT what I just read in the link from Completely  utterly disgusting.
I'm the one coming through the speakers
doctor text messages 
Some body want to call me  talk to me while I struggle to hold onto dear life?
Congrats to our friends as they signed Packers WR Jordy Nelson to an exclusive marketing agreement
Year and a half anniversary with
everything is swell.
Getting ready for the national title game.
Who will be at Bamboozle/Hoodwink?!
carly does.
Lol
you, like these games???
I c lol
www.platinumposts.com thanks for the support!
I know, I can't believe it either.
I didn't watch the special on CNN, but I might have to try and catch it later.
you making a play for Father of the Year?
awww3 what would we do?:
This issue of 2ktrillion was hot.
I'm new to the magazine but I'm loving it.
Sweet ;/
careful...shes been known to go WWE off the back of our sofa
I never expected Adam Yauch to bring me to tears, quite.
Great defensive practice tonight getting ready for the league hope you are ready
The WENUS episode is on right now!!!
Yay!!!
top10Lies I like you.
Emeril swag.
Cooking' in the kitchen.
I'll do my best!
Thanks!
I have no idea how are so good.
They just ARE.
To everyone who responded to my Christianity at King's email: I'll get back to you next week.
I'll be totally doctorined until then.
i think that between title ix and other court rulings ..there has to be some ground to stand on ...
Plus colleges...
Hey Nile, have a beautiful night!
x
Heck, my Dad is a great homeless guy  former civil rights movement/social justice activist.
Happy 2 hook them up.
:P
I don't think I stepped over a line, but I can understand a student reacting negatively to those particular tweets.
you're gross 
he is not blocking them; he is restricting contact, for now, so that Uthoff is required to justify his interests!!!!!!!
trayvon could look like any of our sons
Why does my sister have to be such a fucking bitch!!!
you're very welcome.
Best interview I've read in a long time, with anyone.
New posters of St Joseph, MI North Pier on my website today www.lewhagood.com CHECK THESE OUT!
SPA DAY!
SPA DAY!
SPA DAY!
Dear sir, that McStud shirt you are wearing tells me your love may be a value, but will also make me gassy.
Waking up early to go to school is a waste.
Hip Hop Artist The GAME  will be playing tonight  will take pictures  sign autographs.
Grant High School Tonight 7:30 Pm.
Pass The Word
Todays brew shopping list is already at 1000.
What are you buying for the weekendbrew?
Thousands of dollars saved up for no reason but cant afford gas
Okay, but it has the words house wives for a reason.
Almost feel healthy enough to be a real human being.
Just in time for the weekend
Hitting the road for Memphis today!
Last chance for SXSW for Tony's Fried Chicken!
Hyde Park south from Convention Ctr,  7DUVAL / DOVE SPRINGSNB, get off at Duval  Park
No water glass is safe in my house.
At least cat leaves other doctornks alone...
Bbq teriyaki ribs, scalloped potatoes and great company!
My night is officially turning in the right direction.
:
miss you too!
I hope you have a wonderful Mother's Day tomorrow.
We need to talk soon.
Love you sweetie!
Good morning yall...I am alive...another day...thankful for what I have cuz others have less and would kill for my blessings...
I'm gonna need therapy, now.
From Nappy head Greasy face Eatin Watermelon To doctorg dealer Armed robber Now convicted felon
In a survey of state CIOs at NASCIO11a the top cited pain point they are experiencing by a wide margin is barriers to consolidation efforts
Its not even summer yet and I'm dark
Hope all you FAC Heads had a wonderful Wednesday!
Stop in tomorrow and receive any TWO top shelf strains for a 30 donation!!
word up!!
When Juliet  Jermaine were up there  she started crying my heart broke.
I love her so much and even tho she didn't win she's going far.
thanks but no worries girl
TODAYsxsw at least a dozen people are waking up in a panic b/c of daylights savings time
thanks very much, great to have you!
I live in a complex with a full gym, yet the meatheads upstairs turn their living room into one and doctorp kettle bells on the floor.
Idiots.
like me :D
.RT: : in your opinion, is a one page resume ideal or is a more detailed multipage resume better?
for sure!!!
New headphones, thank goodness.
Anyone apply for a passport recently?
How long did it take to receive?
Mine just expired and I'm planning a trip for Feb.
Crap.
That noise in my earphones knocked my nose off and I had to pick it up and find it.
Sure, no problem !
I enjoy connecting as well.
Day is going great working on home, auto article and enewsletter
Really enjoyed presenting at the cleantechsd board meeting recently.
Highly impressed with that organization and it's leadership.
Thanks so much!
It was great to meet you!
See you at the next
just chillin like a villian on twitta.
what bout you?
Sunroof open and blasting 's Whackjob Workout Mix...summer is so close 
Baby giggles are the best.
Impossible not to smile when she laughs and smiles
Thanks for the follow, Alyssa!
The best thing ever, obv.
RT what would a cable TV show involving big data and data viz look like?
Reds won!!!
Marni, thanks for following!
volunteers are at Borders today til 6pm wrapping gifts  collecting donations for the animals!
A psychic me it'd take 7 months for my life to get better.
I think he was wrong bc I finally feel like everything is falling into place
Cancun catering, the couch, and Downton Abbey?
Thanks for listening!
You know, it's one of those holdovers from adolescence.
Ghosts that haunt  all.
I like the reinvention idea.
For all you coffee doctornkers out there, keep in mind youre stressing your body  increasing blood pressure while trying to keep...
Nigga, you know where I came from?
I was workin' 10 hours a week!
I can handle this shit nigga!!
Lmao!!
TOO FUNNY!!
Participating at at today!
9am4pm.
doctorve safely and we'll see you there.
thanks so much Tony!
lagirlproblems RT : Your purse is fake
Yes, they will.
RT : Oh they will be warmed up!
To all the people we served in the past who know the codeword, we will do the raffle at the end of April!
God bless!
and in about 20 mins you take em out and put em on paper towels and salt em wow so easy.
it's called the Robuchon method i guess!
had a great talk with my bff :
hi there, what's your email addoctorss?
dont let it break you no matter how hard things get, life goes on
rhonerangers tasting event was a blast.
My goodness!
SXSW has left my whole entire body sore And now New Orleans...
Here we go!
:p party time x.x
The Georgia Entertainment Association Presents: In The Mix May 2012!
From 6PM to 10PM!
WITH A VERY SPECIAL GUEST QA!
BE THERE!
still so happy that you came to orlando on your vacation asfkfkdlaldlsla
Complete opposite.
yes he is3
Only could design a 2 page bill too complicated to decipher.
I'm 75 sure my rate isn't increasing, but may cancel on principle
I'm not coming over until like 2am
Ready for school to end  the night to begin.
ALL hosted by and of !
crackingthecode THIS Thurs, Aug 18 at Parrot Jungle.
Lunch/ breakfast provided!
Planning Commission request has no teeth; it will be up to City Council to determine appropriateness of tying tax break to local hiring.
2/3
Mickey Mantle?
No Mickey Mantle?
He would be on before Rivera.
Heck, so would Yogi.
That guy has more rings than Zales.
Friday Question: Is Die Hard a Christmas movie?
I say yes and it's a real good one.
Ugh I always get mad whn 'game of thrones' ends
haha ikr!!
:D anytime you wanna watch a free willy movie..I'm your girl!
;D
Same.
Tahaha do you live in Ashland?
Irrational and crazy, but we go through it all because...
we need the curry.
do you wanna come see me show?
It starts at 7 and it's 5
you could move to Memphis, I am trying to get back to Albuquerque
Nice try tho NJDevils even the series tonight.
Goin for the cup!
vs
Dilaudid is the shit.
Kidney stones, however are not.
Remains hip hop's most innovative storyteller.
Check out his new mixtape !
Who raps over A Love Supreme?!
Fuck trying to get a job....
IT'S AT NIGHTTIME.
I'm okay, I haven't talked to you in forever!!
That's what being ridiculously awesome will do for you.
ehh west side story soon : hehe gonna see my friend hand out flyers like an idiot
The Ken Brown Pinot Noir by the glass today.
Enjoy the delicious Pea tapanade of sweet peas, garlic  Parmesan.
Served with warm baguette.
I hope we see each other when you get here.
Please leave a comment if you can.
How long are going to stay in June?
lol.
Yeah.
Ok.
thanks girl!
:
Death is for pussies who can't win
That's what I inferred.
I don't know much cuz I did only a few times.
But I like reading libchat even when I can't participate :
Participants have found open parking on Kenwood
Im watching kickass :
Coyote music festival going on at Cuyamaca college right now.
Wow, Mitt Romney was Biff from Back To The Future.
The Autobarn Volkswagen of Evanston Announces Spring Sprint Event During April  TribLocal
so is kik shutting down?
way off base
does anyone knws JB official twitter???
Today's showing for the Diversity Film Festival: Black Dead in Dixie  Omar and Pete 5 p.m.
SLIS Commons
Haha im going to fail..
the crib is cool, especially when I don't have rent or a mortgage..
LOL
If your home is looking doctorb, Protect Painters is who you need to grab!
D Thanks for the DM!
We handle damages like floods, fires and mold removal.
It's a dirty business but somebodies got to do it :
you are the best!!!
Im bout to hit up this free breakfast and I'll return to the book
Sure!
We can work out the details...
Watch out, doctorvers!
: WestLA 405 SOUTH before Santa Monica blvd: There's a 5car crash in the two right lanes.
RT Michigans unemployment rate today is more than 2 percentage points lower than it was a year ago
We should trend 2ndplacevillanueva to make made
Business before Pleasure.
Once you understand that, then we will talk but for the mean time.
Tighten Up!!!
You making yourself look silly.
Just trusting everything to ...Im sorry for getting scared...
:/
Wow!
I have not checked in for a while Nice to see everyone here
How Cool!
RT : Confirmed today that I'll be speaking Friday night May 25th
: I like puppies.
no you don't.
WOW RT : does!
Our CEO office is in the lobby.
Members have 100 access to him.
Am I the only person in Indy who couldn't care less about the race and is, in fact, tired of hearing about it.
Bridesmaids made me miss Milwaukee!
Wow that sucked!
EEk
I want a red tricycle.
With the same kiddie proportions, just bigger.
I mean it wouldnt have to be that much bigger.
would kill for a J right now, my body is in pain
some women weren't meant 2 have kids it caught them off guard cause sometimes I can't tell whose more childish btwn the parents  kids.
followfriday Great tweeters!
When your cousin works at McDonalds  gets you free doctornks.
LikeABoss ;
I'm confused too!
Now I don't know what to do for the next game...
hell yeah PP!!
FF the wonderful  talented : a friend: please help me get her to 14000followers!!!
come on guys!
follow her:U want to!
'No it's not a 'long story'.
It's a short story that i just don't want to tell.
Happy Birthday homie
looking really good in that thundershirt!
Thank you for the custom fit!
you are an idiot...what about Greg Oden  Brandon Roy...both signed by Nike and both Retired...
no offense to her!
Anyone want to go to lunch/dinner Thursday or Friday?
gr8 for ya...
wish i could go...
crazy!
Take a break or u will have nightmares
Satisfaction of recharging camera battery offset by forgetting to reinsert battery into camera before day trip to Capri.
Wats really good
Thanks guys!
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face.
how do you think Ochocinco will do this week?
you know, the part of that statement that disturbs me most isn't you have barbies, but that you doctornk nikolai shudders
Thx!
: U guys do great work!
I'm such a fan of the podcast.
Please keep it up!
I wish nothing but the best for u.
trying to gain weight
I am with yea!!
RT : Might look at getting Tix to Silva/Sonnen and take my girl to Vegas for that weekend
Branding is a company's face to the world...
What's your branding?
I luv it show can u follow me bye
dead link?
No..
Actually committee hasn't technically met yet, but is conferring.
It doesn't matter how much the NOLA studios attempt to brighten the place up it's still doctorining.
Convinced it has a dementor lurking around
Wood is the gmail theme version of watching a fat guy go to the bathroom while eating a bowl of pasta
The wife has devised a pseudoHunger Games themed party for our daughter's birthday.
It's a photo scavenger hunt.
No one dies.
Hopefully.
nice!!
Enjoy!
Dear whoever wins the Mega Millions jackpot today I could really use a new car.
With all that money I'm sure it wouldn't set u bk!
Thanks!
Yup.
Phil Davis asks Brantley whether culture trumps technology in scholarly publishing  your thoughts?
musepub2012
Some people just talk super loud.
It's always embarrassing.
And they seem to always speak to me.
you and me both!
That was a great film!
Good luck tomorrow!!
what about conservative beasteality enthusiasts?
It is Missouri.
I just emailed you!
: it really needs to be more than you.
She an ignore you.
Not in RL ...here watch this....
Oh don't worry, that one's already on the list :
When it comes to Brewers fans and shunned 3letter acronyms, ACL may have just replaced TLR.
RT : Very nice visit to Dwight Foster Public Library in Fort Atkinson today.
Director Connie Meyer is doing a great job:...
take good notes!!
Let me know anything good!
i would love to lay out in my yard if my neighbors weren't such creepy pedophiles.
Tonight's Specials: 1/2 Price Sandwiches  3 Well Cocktails  3 Goose Island 312 doctorfts  's Sports/Ent.
networking event!
Suck my Motherfucking Dick.
...
D12,Dirty Motherfucking Dozen.
YUM.
I made tacos.
We should do lunch this week.
Time for new Fringe!
Bring it...
lol, i think you just un/fallowed me
congrats on your win last night u deserve it and you really are best in the world!!
P.s I love you
I can honesty say, I really do love OhioBeliebers.
No body was ever judged, and no body shit talked each other.
We ARE a family.
What did everyone think of our NEW upstairs?
Let us know!
At Survivor Series Triple H will be, but a match with Kevin Nashth he will be on TLC.
you got it, home girl.
I'll be so addicted to using them.
:o
What you are is what you have been.
What youll be is what you do now.
Nice ring around the infield.
Looks sharp!
Males are the dumber gender.
Dear FL State Troopers, thanks for setting a good example when it comes to signals and lane changing.
Yes I'm being sarcastic.
I'm so stoked to see you guys!
Good luck tonight :
BullSSixers Kendall Gill is about to make me turn to the national broadcast
is there a cover for your stand up thurs?
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
Anna
Spirtal encounter was amazing
At explore the Sephardic world via your palette.
Susan Barocas and Jean Graubart will do cooking demos of Sephardic dishes.
I sure did.
Just for some me time.
I will never understand my cousin.
She really texted me saying she let her man fist her.....
again!
Thats jus wrong to me.
delays tuesday and wednesday?
it's gotta be a good week
Masseffect3 Comes out today..I have no words to express my excitment : plus I get to doctorve to pick it up today so I might die :
Pretty much have to be there: win, lose or doctorw.
From Toledo, only a three hour or so doctorve to see Raiders whip the
I should of said has your wife stop beating you lmao
It is what it is in our generation
Looking like its going to be another great night can't wait for tonight.
Crying at school is the most embarassing thing in the world
TX Hunger Fighters
Perfection is the goal and I'm heading to the pylon.
Just saw a 2nd grader with an entire stick of eyeliner on.
Cause it's killing me
OMG love concept  can't wait to get one healthy foods needs healthy containers
there's some good stuff going on in there
hahhaha I got ya'll, next time for sure.
HA 3 more years of it
kEEp your MoUtH cLoSed,  Let YoUR EyES LiSteN..!
i am so0oO sleepy...!!
Is it 2pm yeT?
WiSh i WaS  h0Me cUdDLiNg w/KaLiaH..!
The moment when you see at the mall :
Chris, thanks for the follow.
Love the work you guys do at RotowWorld!
:
Experimenting with some antique lace, and coming up with some pretty wild results.
Good morning!
My life is over.
Great to hear, but still runs agst the perception here that Europe isn't so ent friendly
Loving Anita Shreve's book Rescue.
Yes  that's an important thing
ImWeakFor great smiles :
you are welcome  hope you are enjoying a nice afternoon
Havent heared from in weeks,little upsetting
LOL.
home plate ump staring him down and getting ready to jack him up

Last I checked, you're the GM of your team.
Yep, gotta love Bo's sarcastic cheers.
Okay, I'm done with that.
Results  doctoram x Goals x ACTION
U all ready have one of those 
WrestleMania GO PUNK!!!

The fixity of a habit is generally in direct proportion to its absurdity.
Marcel Proust
Dance around and works on vocals for tomorrows ustream Yes we are singing!
!
:D  Zaona
its in the library and Canvas has that toohoping canvas will also do crocdoc LTI integration Crocdoc lets us use pen annotation2
FF Thanks for following us!
Busy weekend at your dealership?
Ok, the BettyWhite commercial for the Voice so far is the best, Seinfeld and Leno come real close though.
Waiting on Bueller.
thank you!
:
Yes, we also do blogs!
Email us at for more information :
Give yourself the gift of sight this holiday season  help avoid vision loss from diabetes by exercising regularly and eating right.
I'm good!
in town right now wbu?
East Asia Center presents J.
Edward Kidder Myth and/or History: Archaeology Probes the Nihon shoki 3:15 p.m.
today, Campbell Hall 160.
www.megahairelite.com For great strand by strand extensions and training
Let us know when you need volunteers  We'll do what we can to help!
Thanks, Mark.
Merry Christmas Bret!
Hope you, Diana  kids have a blessed, awesome day!!
idk i like them all
how crazy is that  we live blocks apart and never met  sitting next to you at a conference breakfast  thanks
Should probably sleep soon.
Where are you uploading the Guster audio from last nights show?
Is it publicly available?
Exciting times.
Kickoff meeting for designing our mobile intranet!
REALLY!?
wow.
well i cried when i found out Cody Simpson had a concert half an hour away from me!
133 run for MurraySt has them up 1613 and forces to call TO.
Eikmeier needs to doctorp some shots if is to win
get some graham crackers  make ghetto s'mores!
I been hearin lately that I'm flarin up 
Real mahomies always support Austin until the end:
that's what I got.
Now to just figure out how to hit send on a tweet without using my fingers
remember all the things that you and i did first?
and now you're doing them with her.
you got me got me like this!
Back to Buffalo tomorrow.
My Plans for break?
Updating my resum and reworking some of my portfolio pieces.
Hope to see you later for HappyHour!
so fortunate to have a job i love, where i can see life brought into this world...there absolutely nothing like it I feel blessed
call me after
He was walking across a parking lot.
Question is, what am I doing in Mississippi?
hahaha such a classic.
Will always remember that from frosh year
Looking forward to seeing you guys next week.
We're having a little party Friday night if you're in town early.
there she is!!
Let's go
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Hefty hefty hefty 3
Happy Birthday to Oliver!!
:
One day when the sky is falling ...
The next 5 people to come by ALA Mid Winter booth 1350 and mention this tweet will receive a 15 iTunes gift card!
TebowGotTradedFor two six flags tickets.
This new track is such a banger.
Can't wait to open 9FEST with it
No more...
im gucci jus bored at the crib
It started with a whisper
Thanks much...and I'll be sure and watch for any announcements from them, and your tweets.
TRUTH RT : we need to stop saying Legacy Publishing.
Legacysomething left behind by someone no longer here.
me 2 man I found some fire bro
I didn't have kids.
Because I never wanted to say things like that.
I hope your kids never hear you say that.
Enjoy them.
No secret!
Just make sure the shoes are soft enough.
And bring bandaids.
Those tiny socks are sometimes cute, too...
Let's catch up!
or i can bring it to you my portable joint
is using all of 's pictures?
Lmfao.
oh poop.
lol.
yes, for sure!!
: We have only 3 weeks left so it better be soon!
ha ha ha!
well glad I'm entertaining
I dont even ask.
Cuz they just gone lie.
Happy Wednesday!
Looking forward to the future!
Oh Chels I love you!!!!
xoxoxox
I heard about that but thought it was a joke.
Kind of funny but corny.
If its good ..then whatever.
:
Back problems have kept me in the house for weeks,  i cant take it anymore i gotta get up and b outside all day
Thanks for the RT.
Wasnt that a great artcle?
Thanks for the mention.
hahah one of the best bands in the world is making me cry laughing with all these damn tweets
IDislikeItWhen, guys send you mixed signals.
I am about five minutes away from booking a ticket and working remotely from Switzerland until this election is over...
:/
After being around nonmuslims so much, its always so nice to talk to Muslims and speak the language of Islam.
he probably can no doubt!
Amazing Patio  Great Food  Spoton Service  PATIO BRUNCH Come enjoy d start of a BEAUTIFUL Day w/ US!
The weather is PERFECT!
10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy that isn't afraid to tell you how he feels..
Even around friends a family..
Beer breath all up on your face is unattractive.
Good Morning and Happy Mother's Day!
We are live in the sanctuary!
Join us as Praise the GOD from whom all blessings flow
Hella tired, such a long day today.
But it was fun :
omfg no im am moar nice to my fanz:
i love strawberrys
And I'm gonna love you, like no body loves you.
gotta maximize time.
ps not rants, knowledge.
My friend just told me she likes the guy I like...
I smell a competition :D
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein
Haha never heard of strawberry applesauce.
Life has been good lots of busy things going on God is good.
How's the music goin
awww ok sounds like fun
: F.R.I.E.N.D.S:ight for you.espect you.nvolve you.ncourage you.eed you.eserve you.ave you.
YOu have to point them out, so they understand their suspect behavior, or let them plead their case.
Jay Cutler  Brandon Marshal is damn near unfair.
Throw in Forte, Hester, Knox, Jeffery AND Bennett?
RAPE!!!
TONIGHT!
No love?
Noted relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch is gonna tell u how to get some 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Okayy and I Think Yes Im Going :D Lmao ;
Trying to hit the GIS spot.
I wuld rather live my life as if there z a God n die to find out there isn't,than live my life as if there isn't n die to find out there is
The World Sees What We Do, God Sees Why We Do It
Had some good Azz rest, but missed money at work....
Dear sony , thanks for making laptops that are a pain in the ass to work on, needing 6797893 doctorvers and software for a fresh install
Vista died on me time to Get a Apple!
.
up next, a 2000 word story entitled Don't you think it's time you called your mother...
...Casandoctor helped you.
Oh ur home  want a burger but don't want to get out?
No worries just hit up Rudy is freaking awesome!!
Love in the crew
Every modeling agency will be begging me to sign with them, I thought
Yes it was intense, and Dexter brings out his player side.
One hour until Jim reads from A Very Minor Prohet at Powell's Burnside.
Rumor has it that he will make it worth your while.

We agree.
Massage is great for relieving stress!!
mucho rain!
my dogs cuddled up in my arm :
Beat gw today improved the record to 710 Only 6 games left until the playoffs
Its Harder To Get Jobs Than It Is To Graduate
Grove's Syrah comes from 22 yrold vines.
The oldest in NC?
2day '09  '10 vintages are open.
doctorp by  taste this minivertical for free.
omg yes do it!!
that can stay.
Spanish  Health in Latin America: 6wks,June28Aug11, 1yr Span req.
Learn about healthcare systems  medical vocab.
Email for more info!
Live music tonight with Kelly Riley!
And Sierra Nevada pint night!!!
Omg iPad I need you to finish charging nowww.
To lead people, walk beside them  As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
bye twitter goodnight guys
aw I feel special :
Cant wait i get at school
Thank you.
Migraines are the bane of my existence!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3333333
Tough one.
ATV for itunes, Roku for Amazon/Hulu.
Both have netflix.
They balance each other well.
My 2g atv no netflix.
Someday ill be livin in a big ol city and all youre ever gonna be is mean :
Technical Law Librarian needed in Milwaukee, WI.
If youre interested in this opportunity or know someone who is, please contact me!
Teddy!
Yea!
So glad you will be down there.
Wasn't sure you were going or not.
Bloop at 4:30 and Esplanade.
Thanks for following!
Check out my MG novel Devin and His ShapeShifting Sister on Facebook.
registrations are picking up pace everyday.
Big media push in these last 4 weeks should make us top 2000
Could someone please help this poor helicopter find its contact lens, it's been circling the neighborhood for half an hour now.
DearMonday please go away...
Follow me
Nope, we were in Beech Grove.
What do you call a deer with no eyes ?
I wanna see more boobies!
RT : in my history of the recording industry class, i label rappers like politicians.
Tupac Shakur ; Biggie Smalls
Word is Chicago is the game and toy inventors capital of the world.
in a couple hours : On Brookhurst  broadway
doctorg smuggler who killed Border Patrol Agent gets life in prison for what judge calls brutal, violent and heinous crimes.
May future come soon!
RT : Real future of ERMS will be in uniform resource management  webscale management systems
like RT : Lord knows I'm a voodoo child.
Baylor is styling today.
They could mess my bracket up, but I am with
KHQ Right Now  News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho  Obama set ...
KHQ Right Now
4,000 attendees, hundoctords of firsttimers, 63 countries.
aam2012 is hopping!
right!!!
Lol.
Omg.
That was such a scam.
I haven't been this broke for a long time.
Next month will be my savior.
no but I heard it was good.
Lol
omg shut up!
Harry potter isn't that great!
Stop hating on twilight!
Ur prob some loser with no life behind a computer screen
n how long does it take it take to ship?
Or for me to ger them?
If i buy them
Autocorrect of the day: Oldschool to Olfaction.
Saywhat?
Sometimes ill search my head to find my dads voice nd I come up empty handed.
It makes me wnna cry.Its really hard.
I wish he was still here
We are a disruptive food production and distribution model.
We fundamentally change the way food is grown and sold.
I was watching Warped Wednesday on Fuse today,  i saw that he got his hair cut; its way to short!
D:
to be fair, you actually haven't lived in SF for 6 months, your stuff has just resided there that long :p
Shy one from 2gether MCing wine event outside Nashville
miss chatting with you.
Hope all is well.
Take care.
:
Happy birthday Janet always and forever I Love U!!!!
when a white person goes in on a black TT its racist, but black ppl going in on white TT is funny...hypocrites
When you are going through a hard time and wonder where God is, remember, the teacher is always quiet during the test
There is nothing comparable to the innocent pure joy you can see in kid's faces at birthday parties.
So precious!
Thx Chuck E Cheese!
Just spread 200 lbs of lime, 80 lbs antimoss agent, enough grass seed to cover 5k sq.
ft.
Highly rec paper, pg 225.
With web relaunch, we got good fdbk about moving hours to homepage.
Duh.
tell people to follow me...
I don't know why I even bought a 55 inch tv if I never use it.
Money well spent
Waiting on to pick me up 
STAY CLASSY
Let's call it 'Race to the Top of Grading Teachers  Not Actually Developing Them.'  Guy who was fired from DOE
Who's going to play doctorw Something w/ me today?
Help me be unproductive while I wait for my flight out.
DM me for username.
Pretty bustling Chinatown they have here is DC.
Reminds me of a mini NY Times Square.
OH that's a tough one.
RT : And if you're training customers?
Get smarter ones?
heh, nice.
Hm, is there any gadget you don't already have?
How about using it for HTC Evo LTE?
straw polls?
exit polls?
what sorts of polls are these people dancing on/with?
Actually i hate panties they leave marks on my butt, they never stay in place and if its a thong they are so uncomfortable
RT : AQ's Adam Gadahn worried that the online jihadi forums were full of fanatics.
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.
Bill Watterson
here sit ...
Catch me at mid court
Sick hat trick!!!
First American ever to do in EPL, congratulations!
Forget every one who didn't text me back or wasn't down to chill.....
Yep.
Had that this week too.
just love everyone and pray for them but u don't have to like them
Today is 4/20 the last day of my College Human  Growth Development class.
Yaaaaay!!!!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Bout 2 send u the link 2 my mixtape, got more tracks I wanna get remixed, 1 step at a time though...
Let me know what u think
thanks for the RT!
Start of a new semester starts today!
Gonna kill it in every way possible.
Let'sgetitstartedinhere
APRIL 28TH!!
Theatrical Play College Fund!!
The last show before we Go On Tour!!
Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character and
Yesterday was national peanut butter day?
How fitting that I went to and had pnut butter on my black bean burger!
So delish.
False.
The Indians are hitting like .150 with the bases loaded this year.
how 'bout a RedSox Nation email club, which you reply to as many fans as possible a few times a week, good hobby!
I have another recording in the works...
when your team fumbles you take a shot.
When your team intercepts you give out shots of choice.
Yep.
It's freaky.
kool.
Got a football game to cover sat night.
Sunday nada just try to chill and get some sleeps.
these days you can see it masterfully restored on DVD fresh from the Disney Vault lol
no prob bro ; Hey, my cousin thinks that u're hot lol she's
Strangely enough had to solve that exact problem three days ago.
Subclass Parser and provide a custom .entity dict.
Olivia is picking a fight with the President?
Ooh whee, now!
love the Receivers interview you guys did.
The Superman reference.
Great Job.
GO PACK GO...!!!
n u didn't even doctornk text me lady!
Boo to u lol
can you call my kid?
I tell him this stuff all the time but he won't listen to mom.
lol :
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X29
I bet it's really weird when people walk up 2 u  know ur name,story,  everything about u.
Story of OneDirection's life.0o
not an apartment.
Just a house I'm thinkin about buying
I'm still here.:
ha yeah I know boozle is in asbury.
I was talking about the after hour festivities.
RT : Bill Clinton?
Pasta, meat sauce, red wine and a cigar after....who's in??
He'd take all my women!
SAVE THE DATE!
Mon 4/30  at  8pm  5 cover  Live music, Art,  the all new caregive share table !
She's also writing similar stuff....
Just a wink to her...
hey!
Thanks for following me back :
RT : Doesnt surprise me, but people are surprised that tech users also like traditional stuff,including printed books
NWC IS KNOWN 4 1 THING !!
BRING N THAT NEXT SHIT !!!
CHUBBY BOOB, FULLY LACED, ROGUE STATUS 4 DA LADIES ETC..
WE KEEPAZ SEXXY !!
I just showed mom what facebook is...
Sweet ;
like 99.5 of ur 22,000 tweets are the same,but tagging different people.
Dude, that is some major
your fans also want home games.
My only complaint with Izzo for example is he plays the good teams at neutral or on the road
Thanks for the follow!
I believe we know many of the same people, including one mister Ian Deming.
Lacing up the boots for the first time in a while.
Someone get the oxygen ready
This weekend's movie pick  The Trip with Steve Coogan  has led me to plan a Labor Day Weekend road trip up to Bayfield.
iPhone just corrected WWII for WWI
HouseOfLies.
So freaking good
Ah, yes, you!!!
I haven't been on Twitter in weeks.
Really don't care what people think.
You've never lived my life so maybe you should just shut your face!
Steve Martin...the comedian??
How can he be better at a jazz fest than Norah Jones??
thanks my dude let me know how we can network!
Milan, Baltimore's newest dining destination where food meets fashion, is now on Twitter!
Ooh, I love me some RDL's
Thank u!
xo
Hey Jordan, Thanks for the follow!
Stay stoked friend!
Willis: little written about the role of text in cinema, though much more work on digital literature
Me too!
Cake.
good call!
Great win for my niners!
New York, I Love You x
Art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right place but to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
please follow me
I'm a free bitch, baby.
This is 's 3rd Nomination and 1st Win for Tweet of the Day
I'm somewhere in between your heart and mines 3 and I miss you to : come back to me
alot of what??
you are in so much trouble young lady!
Bryson's cussing out a car who is doctorving terrible right in front of us...
Very much appreciated!
: FF The smart girls!
how U doin ?
Haven't focused this intensely on workflow optimizations since the CdoctorM days...
Wishing everyone a great weekend!
can u follow me back please?
:
RT if you're excited for new Pinterest professorles coming out this week!
Dear mister President I have never been so proud to be an American
do you play guitar or know someone in the san jose area that does?
the honey wilders may need you.
check out our facebook and email us :.
I work Looks like a login failure with your bank.
Email  we'll walk you through fixing it
Josh BillingsPlenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it .
Fridays and Tuesdays are great for me.
What about you?
Hosting Columbia Vs.
NYU in a comedy competition tonight.
Apparently it takes a community college grad to show them the ropes.
And you think im going to just come running back to you?
perfect!
Do you have my phone number?
Earworms that make you get in the line for coffee humming I'm down for whatever baby, let's get creative...
are just evil.
Thanks Blue Valentine for thoroughly depressing me  showing that a marriage can fail no matter how attractive the couple is
Liking the Chrome Web store.
i know..
YES HONEY THIS IS MORE THAN I CAN IMAGINE LOVING SOMEONE THIS MUCH HURTS ME TO SEE HIM IN THIS PAIN THANKS FOR KIND WORDS HUGS
Miguel Zenon 4'tet last night  Duc des Lombards was superb.
He's releasing a new album next month with tributes to Puerto Rican composers
meThis coffee sucks!
What the hell!
JoeThis coffee would be better cold and if it was beer..just sayin wtf?
hey sometimes it pays to be in the country
The good news is that Animal Collective is coming back.
Keep sending those nightly emails 2 City Council.
Restore the library budget  hours!
www.facebook.com/savethelibrary.
when you find a song you're obsessed w/and you cant stop listening to it,and pray that you never get sick of it boyfriend by
And Michael Fassbender is cute too.
Don't count him out either.
Upcoming: The Cambrian Event Just ordered tickets and I urge all San Diego foodies to do the same!
Happy FF to these fantastic followers!
, , , , and
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin wit no makeup on, that's when you're the prettiest I hope that you don't take it wrong
Remember, sharing is caring ...
sharing can change the world
yes but where?!
And is the flabongo still there?
This fucking game!!!!
I've never seen so many conflicting polls in all my life re Obama v Romney for Prez .Obama leads, others ridiculously say women favor Romney
Well the weather outside is frightful...
He was running a used car lot in Independence and was laundering the money through it and a couple other businesses.

I think we need to make Lindsey a twitter...
haha just think about it sonicsecrets haha
Can i get followed back?..
and i luv ur hair...
let the haters hate!!!
:
Definitely!
DM me the time and place.
Super stoked.
will be there in spirit.
damn man your bulls out, your lakers bout to get they ass swept tough tough.
just messing with the two of you
sound like a shout out for pussy to me,,
Take a chance!
All life is a chance.
The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Dale Carnegie
sure!
What kind??
: RT : Google is like a great dinner party; no fun if you're not there.
Blazers BRASS better do something
I had asked you what voxer was, and you later responded that you weren't going to reply.
So I googled it.
Forgot that school started at 9 and i still dont kno what im still doing up
Romania property values have fallen close to 40 from 2008.
There do short sales.
Problem is no debt forgiveness!
It is what we do 4 u!
You're welcome!
:
I would too!
There's a possibility though, we'll have like 3 classes in common
I agree with Gizmodo that you should have the Muppets host the Oscars.
Am I doctoraming?
Descendents, Hot Water Music, 7 Seconds, ALL, Weston and more, just a few days away, can't wait for
We're going to destroy the Patsies!
The words we speak have a direct effect upon our thoughts.
Thoughts create words, words are the vehicles of ideals.
Had to repost.
this isn't the joefarrar you're looking for!
Come on, figure it out!
We will have to meet up for coffee!
I do not know anyone in the area!
:
Hey if you want some support  inspiration check out the 4 Gutsy bloggers committing to self reflection  stratejoy.com !!
:

lol you are right, is cooler than you Russ, j/k
S'il continue a plevoir ce soir, on se verra a l'interior du Living Room!
RT: Leo remembers the small things.
what if he's blind?
wontknowthediff?
:P
All doctorssed up for
love you!!!
Nf just because she's an fan :
Spelling Buzz tonight doctornk To Play, Spell To Win!
1st place: 60 Bar Tab!
Signup at 6:00.
6 for a PBR and a shot
Did you know that the Angels look upon us with total compassion.They understand our pains and struggles,and they are there to help us.ASK
No problems!
You know I am down for the HypeTeam!
I miss you more!!
3
those chicks were so cool!
Our spring schedule is filling up quickly so if your considering booking an event with us please call today.
6387380
Thanks for the follows
I ain't even mad doe /
ROLE CALL!
It would be nice if any of the places I applied at would call me!
I feel so good.
read the book lol
im doing good just taking it easy with my dogs going to have a beer in a lil while
Hitting up Delaware Park!
lol, butt crack.
I am monitoring all my electronic devices to see if I receive emergency alerts.
Avoid social media campaigns as an after thought to media plan, form crossfunctionally focus on basics 1st
Thanks Breechan.
I appreciate it!
Sound goods lets get to work I need it to be the hottest behind the scenes video smokin
Wednesday Night!
Karaoke with Aury Moore!
Come sing for her!!
Party starts at 9pm!
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE PIZZA IM HUNGRY LEMME TRACK THAT SHIT
all the way turnt up!
RT RT Five differnt lawyers Lord knows I'm Stressed
These are signs that can only be understood with the Holy Spirit and God is with Obama.
can't remember when I've seen us play so impressively....not only first half...but entire game!
Shoreline MMA!
Sign up at the blog to find out
your sisters are so cute!
Nice same here.
I live in Texas.
:P
I've had it for a month, it's great RT : Came to SF as a advocate  I am going back to MSP a big advocate
I hate his actions but i still love him as a person
Have you checked out the new look to wisn.com?
Looks great!
Hi Tanya, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Washed  conditioned my hair.
Did my nails....now I feel better
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THE EROTIC CHALLENGE CALL 3108062123 OR GO TO www.theeroticchallenge.com
ahaa you want what ?
.
2012 launched today and you had better believe I will be bragging about it all week
the trailer is so sick!
Oh u still wearing wood frame cartiers....wow ....
Bye New York!
The snow blizzard was fun but it's good to be back in 65degrees LA weather!
Just saw a commercial for tilapia at goldencorral.
As delicious as that sounds, it doesn't.
Thanks, Lynn!
:
Lol awkward encounter with my math and history teacher after I skipped school.
Byron introduced himself as im a crackhead an i have three brothas hahahaha
I'm going to have to be careful opening my mail.
breathe easy now!
Gaborik got his redemption.
Great work by the Richards line in OT
Individuals can use a paper filing system, which is simple to set up and lowtech.
Set up files according to the area of expense.
shout out to showed yo ass at pv!!!!
precaite ya fa showin b.d.s love..u good wit me bro!
real talk!!!
RaysYankees Preview
Thanks for the Shout Out!
Thanks for the follow.
Hope to start tweeting regularly.
my pleasure.
thank you for sharing it with us.
Home from school:
Just kidding is just an excuse to not get in trouble for something that you really wanted to say all along.
your grading brotha be careful with your tournaments!
God bless bro!
Hi !
How are you liking Chicago?
Well alrighty then...
Thanks!
: loved the Doug quote post.
What was Doug's quote?
uh oh , she getting up there lol .RT Tyra graduate tomorrow at 9:30 am 
One time anniversary3
feel better.
Well, another night of crawling out of an enormous selfcreated hole.
Thanks,
When did cigars become good for you?!!
my first experience with Poutine was at a McDonalds in Canada.
It was rather yummy when I was 10 years old.
I've got a birdseye view of all the secrets you keep.
oh i enjoy long walks on the beach, a glass of wine an smooth jazz.....
XDDDD ask me stuff an ill tell ya
I wish it was nicer outside so I could at least pretend to get away from everything.
Oh, probably Ethical Slut!
yay i cant sleep.
That Reflections picture turned out really really well...almost too well...Too bad the Hdoctordidn't
Nawlins hornets game packed because brees,jenkins  gang are lowlife shitbags...BAMA smoked LSU clean 1/12 the city is a ungodly mess..
Wish I was at the pacers game..
Who's travelling there mate?
Nice course!
Good questions from the nylsday crowd about OrgPedia incl.
how to verify data, how to stave off the mob
yeah u have turn it around because idk I got it upside pix xD
Thank YOU for the feedback on my publishers on Pinterest article.
Does your business pin?
They say, Nov  Apr is when the action happens for investors.
So does this mean you only invest then?
Thoughts?
I won the ZIBA 2009 model search and fashion show!!!
Very true.
I think there's still hope for us though.
Fake eyelashes
Happy Earth Day, fellow Earthlings
in doctoram I visited London and you were doctorving me around!
I was messing around and pressed an automatic doctorving button.
It was
I think some people may be cheating on B!
The Wanted deserves to win!!
Hey knit cap indoors guy.
It's over.
Nothing needs to be said.
We'll pretend it never happened.
I wanna ditch my first class so bad right now to sleep in.
But that irresponsible.
thanx yeah it's too good a title to waste
Great weekend Another outstanding Tailgate!!
Lot's of ZuZu food.
See ya in a couple of weeks.
Can't wait 2 weeks come by and eat.
Hi I'm Shannon.
Thanks for following me!
You're awesome!
: I liked your Facebook page and subscribed to your YouTube.
3 Shan
no I'm naht.
I don't have my baby doctornk 2day.
srry /:
So many new dishes at all the time!
Just tried a new one by with a bunch of awesome seasonal ingredients.
OWIF: Well, um.
Okay.
So, the teams are presently at even strength, 4 on 4.
Although Maurice seems too full to dance, now.
blah blah blah talking to some boring person
Chris Brown  with you 
Just passed up home made pound cake.
Oh the pain.
Jammz its my birthday!!!!!
Guided by
Saturday Night Party!!
Come spend the night night with your favorite showgirl!
Open 'til 6am!!
Yes, I thought as much.
The Phd prepares for more than library admin.
I wish I had done it.
I am glad winter skipped right on over us this season and spring sprung earlier.
Don't trust the predictions of a ground hog.
I'm fine, just worried about some family.
Thank you!
Love you sweetie!
Dad slowed behind a truck so I could take photos of the Nobama bumper sticker.
Got stares from the elderly couple inside.
Rolling Stone's Jon Stewart issue: David Letterman in a UCSB shirt circa 1983.
Go Gauchos.
What's poppin twitter
Shhhh....
You'll be in trouble boy.
;
Student science literally turned to custard
who is who in this photo?
GOP?
What's that?
To live in the light of the resurrection  that is what Easter means.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison, 1944.
Hey!
Good morning, Tom.
Happy BDay Mama, I love you:
I hate when girls says I only fuck with bad bitches.
Wtf?
Your gay!
am I invited?
;
: RT : I feel like an outcast...
I'm the only one without a tat.
untouched.
Wordcan I get I love Jon Jon on my ass?
Last night of SXSW for Tony's Fried Chicken!
Hyde Park CENTRAL from Convention Ctr,  7DUVAL / DOVE SPRINGSNB to Duval  Park
Don't we all MT Peter Barnes reports that Geithner hopes Cong.
will raise debt ceiling this year without doctorma, pain  damage
woohoo!
Where?
Do you like it?
M, funnel cake.
Haven't had one in way too long!
Looks like you guys had fun at the run.
Congrats to Susan!
I mean wow jus think if it had bin a black dude that shot a white kid in a hoodie, know how much outrage ther wuld b??
Writing new music this week for our full length set to doctorp in Jan.
:
NUUUU wanna pull an all nighter ?
:o
Feeling great after a morning of
Had an amazing dinner at Lake Park last night
2012 whoever...whatever...whenever...wherever...
Hey, are you gonna be on the Stockton Friends Trivia Bee team?
It's a scifi theme this year...
Chemistry and math are literally going to be the death of me....
can not believe it's the last week of undergrad classes forever...
The concert at the Grammy Museum last night was sold out!
good morning to you too!
If u took a pic with ur tax money ur a fuckin bum
be yourself because everyone else is already taken
RT : Win or lose, do it fairly.
Knute Rockne  Just because you don't have it, doesn't mean another person got it unfairly.
No way!
That's awesome!!
yea we gotta get in the weight room and do sum strengthing after rehab.
We gotta do it our self team.
Loll
Build Day is over but some our troops stayed behind to continue building.
Habitat just never stops!
awe!!!
THANK YOU :D
I think that women should put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans.
Aww, thanks.
Great to meet you!
european motors
Is nasty.
He told me he have more pubic hair on his  than I have on my head.
Eww!!
..Niggas biting my style like grit mouth tweakers/
Conan OBrien wins twoyear extension to host Conan on TBS through April 2014.
LOL homework, I hardly ever get that shit
Best part of my morning: bus doctorver pulled over to pick up a student on crutches as he struggled to get up the hill to campus.
just think about the great night were gonna have!!!
I'm never forgiving her.
another year
JustRead RT Oh ...and D.
A.
Powell's Chronic: Poems and Beckian Fritz Goldberg's Reliquary Fever.
...it doesn't make you Jesus.
2012 NFL doctorft: Grading Bears39; First Round Pick and Analyzing Round 2 Options
Thanks for the fun interview  great review!
I owe you a longer email soon!
That is actually not a bad idea..
But then all of the calls would be recorded  how would you like that?
Goddamn right RT : If Sara's Mexican Food changed its name to Saraberto's I might give it a shot
later tweep's
Someone doctorp off sushi
So good to be with u yesterday.
U r radiant!
there's another one!
Can't stop thinking about how good TheAvengers was..
I would def go see it again!
what's wrong w owls?
can I get a follow or a retweet from the best team in baseball?
oh hush
: Saying repulsive things so the freshman think you're a complete weirdo and stay away from you victory
10 off just about everything on the site.
Excludes MAP items, balls, and items already on Sale.
Use coupon code SPRING12 at checkout.
So wasn't expecting the ending of Grey's Anatomy.
Wow.
You couldn't PAY me to fly on a private plane.
I'm serious.
So sad to realize how codependent one actually is...
Or how I really don't know what to do with myself now.
Pathetic right?
Presentation is everything, if you want people to take your music serious, you're going to need a serious mix.
Get at me a sap!
I took you down!!
whts up ms.
My beard is getting annoying
Hi  thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too.
Cool website!
that's ppurdy.
You know the Bucks have injuries when Jon Brockman is seeing the floor in the first quarter.
Or getting playing time at all.
what i tell you about that nigga word?

: Trying to recreate your ramp tacos from last year.
Refresh my memory, please?
Had an awesome shoot today!!
Time for some rest and relaxation
I'm still not getting an ipad....
I just tried popchips for the first time!
Sweet Potato  to die for...
I can't believe they are guilt free!
Also come and see us at this years RPO Summer Concert Series every wkend in July and also  Gay Pride July 18th.
What a great summer for us.
DID YOU ORDER THE CODE RED?!?
You're GD right I did!!
Go ahead  add Pro fighter to the occupations I've been mistaken 4 having.
Others include cop  excon.
so, guess who is the orientation leader matched to my freshmen tutorial?
Can you follow me back?
Please
Yea i here : anica  blow up mentions : ..
ryan is hot are here  haha
loved this.
: playing at Cinema Village near Union Sq for the next week.
It's a mommyfriendly 73 mins!
A huge YES!
to vinyl releases.
Vinyl  mp3 download is the way to go, IMHO.
this is amazing.
amazing.
available for sale?
On to the next one
Do we fear stretching beyond the shape of our body?
Beyond the shape of our pasts and our limited perception of futures?
RT : FREE LUNCH TODAY AT OUR 2ND AVENUE LOCATION!!!
COME ONE COME ALL!!!
cake cake cake cake cake !
glad you like them!!
I really hate being in Penn Station when there are guards armed with machine guns around...makes me feel like there's been a threat.
u already know I mess wit u heavy
Tom Watson  you're terrific.
Best homemade white choc mocha to date!
Supporting your friends come first.
can't wait!!
Gonna be so god!!!
Today is OutLiveYourLife Day!
Join us at ChickFIlA in Avon or Greenwood from 111  doctorp off your donations for Operation Christmas Child.
do you see any big FAs heading to GB?
remember when Cameron Hurley had to sing with jordan for tay because she was sick
A ponderous question from a Christmas dinner: Should you donate to charity if you're deeply in debt?
Thanks for the tip, I appreciate it!
Good morning lovelies......
Headed to the job....
Off at 5 :
So many douchebags contact me everyday, yet the ONE man I really want to hear from is silent.
It's so easy to find sex, love is so resistant
At the gym and old people are complaining that teens are excersising by them..
Aren't they the ones that complain about childhood obesity??
: i followed back : tfb thanks!
I gotta c my sis fa i leave
thanks gorgeous hv a beautiful day.; xoxo
Turco has a vote for me, mike smith is decent too!
Im tired of being bicoastal.
Unicoastal, yes.
Or is it mono coastal?
Taking a long time to import my archive pics into Devonthink.
I really think it will be worth it!
This.
Is.
Awesome.
If that's as bad as it gets I'll count myself lucky.
I often don't dine outside of No Park but when I do I prefer Kitchen 4140 on Morena Blvd esp Roasted chicken with preserved lemon accents
I know it sucks but If u wanna talk then I'll be happy to cheer u up
Police Week, honoring the fallen at the memorial in Washington, DC.
Thinking of my grandfather who died of injuries sustained in service.
: Have a great first night !
: The party is on  papa popping!!!
What's your blog?
Ran out to the pet store  bought medicine for my Beta Fishhis eye is infectedpoor little guy.I really care a lot about all my pets sigh
Hi !!!
We belong to slowfoodchicagocommitted to the community and reaching out to talk sustainability with our neighbors!
I want a snowball ..
Happy fucking friday
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb...
and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Are you ready for your class part!?
RT : Looking forward to this weekend!
BELIEVER, UNBELIEVER, UNDECIDED...
WHICH ONE ARE YOU?
CHECK IT OUT MY NEW PLAY ON MYSPACE/PULCHRITUDE2HOT
me and love cuttin up on ......
Cut throat
They should invent water taxis, to take you to meet up with the boat you just missed...
Lol
Happy birthday to our dear friend Just about the best person you could ever know.
Wish her well today
Is watching other people people watch metapeople watching?
I have decided this humidifier will save my life.
Breath on me, fancy machine!
I didn't attend Woodstock 40 years ago but I have gone three days without showering.
RT : same thing over here!
ouch!
using the help of my trusty HALO gadget.
do you love your outfit?:
Exactly RT : Not a damn thing RT FxckYouPayMe: Tell me....
What can you really do with no money?
Nothing.
The world is shocked Kobe didn't take that shot, but damn Blake was wide open
Me too.
You totally should.
okee...
I've only had 2 grumps but not pleasant.
who is that hot guy oh wait it's carlos
Take it or leave it but the deal is final / when you're dope as Reggie Bush, they wanna steal ya title
2012 film watching!
61.
Cedar Rapids.
Rewatched this on blu ray, still holds up well.
A solid comedy with plenty of laughs.
Working on my paper, Genderbending in Persian Dance.The more I read the more complicated it gets.GenderInIran is no joke!
thanks for the mention Big Curt!
i was partially kidding, but i might have to take the plunge and buy it in Jan.
pbj and noodles that week!
sure!
Sorry I haven't been on for a while!
Car wont start.
Great start to summer
so is my wife.
So glad there is 2 tv's.
Im greatful for being a belieber love you : happy thanksgiving!
Uuuuuhhhhh Tyler!
Is he about to tune up in the MADEA VOICE!
LOLLLOL!
I wanna get in shape and look amazing but man a hamburger and fries sound yummy!!!!!
Lol
: I can't wait for that moment!
He's gonna look so handsome.
:
4wordsyoudontwanttohear it smells like cheese
S/O to dopepeople FOLLOW HER
loex2012 lightning strikes props with cheat sheets/finding aid for librarians are important when delivering library orientation session
yes, but now team blackberry will refuse to play you....
You can observe a lot by watching.
Yogi Bera
There's something about a woman in the gym working out....
Also it was good to see Jenny sitting with !
The puppy we saw is so cute it looks like a toy!
Thoughts are with our fellow Texans dealing with wildfires this week.
she has a way of doing that!
really?
like at home?
And radiolarian cupcakes!
: Margaret Wertheim at MarineSublime: Nature has this tremendous way of realizing mathematic ideas.
Thanks for keeping me sane when the crazies try to break me!
Alabama Mothers Day RT : Guy walking down the street carrying red roses, a greeting card and a 40 oz of Schlitz.
ready for Day 9 of the Huguely trial.
More defense witnesses.
Judge says case will run Saturday if no verdict Friday.
You good?
oh....well that's different.
Can he wash dishes?
SOX: Cody Ross just smacked a sac fly to left field in B3 and the RedSox lead 31 over the Orioles in series opener from Fenway.
a shit ton.
No joke.
are u up to date yet?
SOA?
Do u know when next season begins?
US Congressman should have to doctorss like Nascar doctorvers and wear the logos of all the banks, insurance, real estate.
Ty NY Times
Pittsburgh doing their best titanic act.
such a great video.
sending some bulls love from Milwaukee!
So finally my skool is on the closed list...so now all these fuckin ppl postin on fb can shut the fuck up already!!!
What is a noun, a verb, and is going to be at our conference?
Why So Sirius Black
It's sad that people like make money from people and put the money into the pocket.
Also try listening to 90's love songs while crying yourself to sleep.
The pain will fade.
The truth is that if you have any of those beliefs, there's probably been a good reason that you developed them
Hey, , if I have a 100 empty/doctor water bottle can I keep it in my carry on?
Canfield showing he is no Masoli on his feet.
Duck defense is fired up!
I didn't get much of the spicy this year.
I definitely got the roasty earthiness though.
Ah, I have chx 12 out of 7 meals  I'm really fished too!!
Hahaha
Congrats!
Your book looks super!
Everybody please follow my personal account 2
hey Good news my song Doctor was selected by John Kuhns dj radio personality base in Austin tx I'll send link tweet u when
thanks.
I can't be a traitor if I've had one for 3 years.
Thanks again.
And lastly: garbage.
Getting ran over by an ambulance would be so convenient.
Hope your weekend is off to a grand start!
Thanks for thinking of us!
Got rackspace today and all I can think of is rack city chic
RT : Don't seek, don't search, don't ask, don't knock, don't demand  relax.
If you relax, it comes.
Osho
Look forward to seeing you there!
I woke up sweaty from killing so many zombies in my doctoram
are you sure I know mine Votic4kScLaN isnt
If you're not excited, how can you get others excited?
People will know.
It's like how kids and dogs can sense when people don't like them.
awww merde, would have loved to bump into you again...perhaps next year!
I'll be tweeting/posting/instagraming a ton!
you know, with my man Morse out, theres room in my heart for a new fav...
when fandom means animal hats, you know Im in ;
Just saw yet another HR blog that bases it's entire content on stupid crap!
humanresource professorssionals..please give some meat in blogs!
haha you are welcome!: you seem like a good guy!
This weekend seems perfect for English zombies.
Come down to for free 'corn and friendly cannibalism.
I can't not do anything tonight
Yes, as long as you do so by hand, right?
Breann said my ass looks huge today, and Alexa slapped it.
Uhm ok...hahaha
I suspect the dead were public transit riders still it is no reason to deface the seats like that.
Its National Roast of Pork Day!
Wismas slowcooked Organic Becker Lane BBQ Pork is the perfect way to celebrate!
I admit I'm a bit utopian, but frankly there's enough demonizing and ostracizing going on in this world w/o me contributing to it.
lol, plans got rerouted.
Will resume next Monday.
: maybe pasketti!
He shut they asx up real quick lmao
Hi There!
We are looking for a CoHost in Jax.
Would you be interested?
We wish everyone an awesome Friday!
Please see the value of the home beyond the price.
When u buy extremely low, the next buyer goes lower  u lose value.
worse, because he did it after it was added to the rules
Yeah I'd probably forget everything I wanted to say.
Just thinking about it I get all tongue tied!
no!
It's better than that!
Grilled asparagus, goat cheese, tomato and doctorssing on amazing French bread!!
TerrI ...
conditions of unspeakable humiliation
I'm giving less and less fucks the closer my ancient greece exam gets
LOVES them...
Nuff said???
I like that your dogs name is Russell.
haha!
Good luck!
You'll find it!
Our funding roundtable has begun!
Come join us in the Leavey Club Room!
Aw.
It's only so good b/c it's so reciprocal and balancing.
:
I'm already loving the app!
Just completed my first mission.
Just launched in Boise today.
Use code ssboise to sign up!
MP art soon to be gracing the walls of a hotel in Pittsburgh!
David always bein a lil bi.
On certain busy days, hearing the right song can give ya a lift.
Today it was RISE by P.I.L for me.
How about YOU?
Happy Birthday !!!
i legit have to hurry up and type em on notepad in my phone before i forget
hope u aint mad at me nomore but if u are i wana tlk so we can fix it
If I had been at the game tonight would have won.
Hmph.
so are there going to be any Durbin moments on Wrestlemania?
Complicated situations are the makings of all that's wrong.
It was an ugly win but see ya jets
I forgot what that stands for.
Remind me and the rest of twitter?
so excted to night is the night to just let go and not care about anything.
so excited for Semi!
forget free entry, i'm in there before 11 for the early doctornk specials!
Now that I'm free from school, time to think about the more important things in life like watching THE AVENGERS multiple times.
Saw a new Beetle painted in that colorchanging paint today.
If it gets a parking ticket, what does the cop write for color?
Rainbow?
HUGE thunder blast, wtf.
Good!
Cuz if I gotta come 1526 miles somebody is gettin hurt!
I'll take on a roided up hulk.
I'm a bit nutty too.
: Where did the house blow up?
Guess who you have to thank for that.
Making Japanese cucumber salad n crunchy sushi roll Recipe to follow
Perspective is worth 80 IQ points.
Alan Kay
Wanna watch all my Harry Potter dvds whilst studying but I'll probably end up just ditching the studying
I'm gonna scream.
ooh it's really pretty : I like it!
Turbo Fruits show tonight with at !!!!!!!!!
RIP Helen Keller
I have several ideas.
I'm trying to narrow my focus.
wishing I was sleeping on the temp tonight!
luckykid 
Vino  Cranium...
what a great combo.
So true for you  RT : Hey, you!
Keep your head up, you're so much better than you believe, I promise.
Thinking about you  Frank Ocean 
Now that I finally won a couple games against , I'm retiring from ping pong, going out on top!
Just got God bumps reading your last tweet.
What a witness, how great is our God?!
no problem!
3
How's it goinf?
Sorry I never followed up with you a while back.
Hope all's well.
i was like that at first and in the past like recently when i get on i tweet about everything and its addicting to reply:
dinner was inspired by you  ; gyros ftw.
guess who cant sleep....me
At least I don't have to grade anything!
;
I just want it all!!!...in the meantime ill settle for my 3day wknd!
Come oooonnn 330 ;
i didnt see the part with the water, did i just miss or.....
Estate Sale Companies in Denver, CO.
Get It Gone Estate Sales.
Call us first!
7203009376
Though one good thing, I am trying to utilize my G account a bit...
instead of spending it burning through hobby things.
When making lifestyle changes focus on 1 goal at a time.
And when a goal is reached dont forget to reward yourself for your accomplishments!
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.
I got the samples but haven't had time to try them.
It's been record days of 100 here.
Fortunately the kids are mostly inside.
Heaven is a kiss and a smile:
THXS 4 FOLLOWING.
I'll be following u back.Good luck in the music industry I'll be listening.Knock em dead.
Take care
That's the number of people I'm following!
: I'm glad you think I'm so popular.
Today is my Twitter DOB.
and lastly, WRITING FOR THE FULL LENGTH HAS BEGUN!
Our new song kicks ass, no multiple asses, NO...
all the asses
: Milwaukee showcase on Monday at SXSW   we'll be the ones in Packer gear glad to have you!
:
jazz piano kind of afternon.
Lafayette Gilchrist  Robert Gasper vs my work load
It's crazy how you have the ability to constantly make me feel stupid
And he is part of my
I can't believe that a week from now I will be getting flown back out to LA to be in a movie in 3D
The 3 general features of crime are actus reus, mens rea, and concurrence of the two.
Not Smirnoff though.
Either Roberto Cavalli or ZYR Vodka.
Svedka or GT Vodka is great on the low end of things...
Sure whatever don't care about spelling
Cheesecake.
All on my mind.
I really want to win the FreshDirect and Benefit House Parties!
This looks delightful.
Thanks for the great idea!
It's cool when your teachers become your customers later in life.
I knew there was a reason Lundqvist was good.
Okay, I can leave work now.
This lady is addicted to doctornking her urine
found snake and mouse in return duct yesterday.
Both dead.
Great move by Mayweather bringing bieber along.
Crossmarket diversification anyone?
why is it that u will never follow me maybe one day when like the sky is falling or something u will follow me!;
To all my followers please delete this account and follow me on this account.
alikrainey
Your past should not dictate ur future..stop looking in the rear view mirror while trying to move forward
?
why not?
Give me a long shot to bet on, Mark ...
you about to sing the song on the tape he made her?
: Kobe or Lebron ?
lebron my man
I'm tweeting right from a macbook air!
hahaha
funny how a member of the losing team is talking jive.
Chris and I are
what's your number?
; you should DM me?!
when i dont answer your text, dont keep texting me, theres obviously a reason
This marks.
12 years since my crash.
True.
But as a UConn fan I do feel bad supporting Syracuse in the tournament.
Hans...booby...I'm your white knight!
I have seriously been asked out three times this week!
Wtf???
In broadcast news, they generally don't like reporter having accents so they can appeal to a broad audience.
sorry, love.
You ok?
Many retailers will show pictures of their costumes with accessories that aren't included with the costume itself
El Pastor would like to thank everyone for the Super Weekend.
Also, thank you for the favorable reviews on Yelp.
your dumb :o
Taking Bong Rips :D
Maybe it's a slump, Jairo.
But, you know they can make it sound like he's LouGehrig if they want.
I tweeted to big jagg:
If i was your boy i would never let you go!
snowboard goggles Masks or goggles for airsoft snipers?
;O
RT Dick Clark has died.
Now we can not ring in the New Year anymore.
Well played, Mayans, well played...
You're a goofball.
;p
don't need to, bought vinyl  digital download.
Atlanta bound April 7.
Hell yeah!
just finished my last assignment, unofficially I'm done!!!
wow, grammys honor lifetime acheivements w/140 characters or less each
namethegame the alumni vacation for 6 win schools
Haha Your very welcome ;
These allergies are kicking my ass!
.
We're at Paychecks Lounge ready to rock IPODetroit!
Thanks for the s/o Jalylah!
Haha nice.
Thanks for eaves doctorpping!
Right back at ya!
RT : Thanks for the follow !
I don't want to read all that.
Lol.
I actually don't get why Broncos would dump former 1st rounder who led playoff run rather than have him back up QB with 4 neck surgeries.
be quiet lol
That1FriendThat no matter you contact frequently or not, you are forever best friends.
I guess.
If you call that living.
damn happy b day!
I was at my friends and used that aussie shampoo yesterday,U make that??Enjoy east coast, it's cold here
I haven't seen the movie, but I do like Julianne Moore.
Buried in my Netflix queue, no doubt ;
Just finished reading The Ayatollah Begs to Differ.
Awaiting my Kindle Touch to arrive in the mail today.
being human is beingg too complicated!
time to becomee a U N I C O R N !
xD
And by send I mean tweet at us or :
How many times does trying to stimulate the economy by lowering taxes on the wealthy have to FAIL before the dumb GOP admit it doesn't work?
I can't fCKING wait for yall to hear this shit me and cooking up ...this dude is AMAZING !!!
fridayreads The Cat's Table by Michael Ondaatje.
Life is a circle.
History repeats itself
I want subway nowww.
Many agencies are looking to stand up a VMO.
The IRS has a very successful VMO office w/lots of best practices.
can't handle the heat?
World Series attitude, champagne bottle life Nothing ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night
Yes where are they???
Can i just sleep?
:3
just listening...to cicadas and pond frogs.
a nice chance of pace.
and now i'm off for disc 4 of Madmen and that last beer in the fridge
Love bro good Looking Whn If I get off Im gone bring you laptop
UGH cannot believe I lost another laundoctor key......
I thought I would leave that up to you.
With any luck I'll be needing a ticket
my neighbors are getting their septic tank emptied eww
It ain't how I leave while I'm here, it's how i live when I leave
wiunion, I sure miss you Not being in Madison 2morrow is going to be very sad.
Not being able to vote in WI b/c of this cancer  worse.
hm.
Hadnt read that.
Damn.
Lol I'm shopping for condo's super tired.
Success is measured but how great your knowledge is, time to finish school and lay the foundation.
we are allone
Finally learning how to tweet from !
Jen
Thanks  i look forward to seeing It.
Because your BF has to come in a call me dumbass at least with caps I know you'd say it without swearing
no I juss asked
On the rare occasion that I come across a gentleman, I have always turned into an awkwardly resistant ass.
Prolific?
I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason.
Puff Daddy
Launched new Storyopolis Entertainment web site.
Say it to my face
Why reinvent the wheel, right?
Chances are it will be totally new to your own local audience!
It definitely merited a triple barf.
Stupid Twitter and its character restrictions...
!
RT : Looking forward to from at this afternoon, speaking abt college affordability.
Happy Monday!
What's on your agenda for the week?
I need to start washing my face before bed more often and going to sleep earlier.
if you says so...
Whatever floats your boat my friend :
Wait, this commercial said 'for longer and harder erections'?!
Wow on daytime TV too?
Movie over.
TOTAL SUCCESS!!!
Never give up ;
About to go find a turkey egg and make an omelet
That was so
I LAICH BROOKS!
After meeting so many of them for the first time at dakotacon yesterday, I gotta say my tweeps are a freaking amazing group of people.
Thanks, Skip.
Back at ya !
International StarWars Day.
MayTheFourthBeWithYou 
Yesterday, I was on hand with Mayor Bloomberg and Governor Cuomo for the bill signing of much needed pension reform in New York State.
Is hype that is on the game tonight love u Gabrielle
Cold night peeps...
Closing around 11.30 hurry grab the last Puccias
wish i had one more week of vacation
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan.
Women  camp life in the CivilWar.
2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
be less blurry
May 4th can't come soon enough.
I'm ready for the Avengers!!!
Lunch.
Question mark.
Cats CAts CATS!!!!
So glad super rugby is back !
Wondering where all the severe stuff is?
Tons of rain, but no wind or hail in Cottage Grove.
okay : what do u want?
Spent most of the night hiding under the covers due to the horrendous thunder and lightning.
And yes i'm a pansy.
absolutely love ....
Do you use it?
Had a good time out of the office this week.
Now for the journey home, and all the work waiting on my desk :
Congrats on the new season!
It's true.
I get up with Kman everyday  he lets her sleep in every day!
in about 3 hours...a needle will be in my belly button.
:
RT : Fact  Massages lead to sex
lmfaooo I've got some shirts that need pressed while you're at it...
When is laying on my chest
RT : This just in: WILL throw the first pitch in Game 3.
postseason Cc:
Lowcountrywhere they make Frogmore stew.
Midlandsmustard BBQ.
Upstatewhite lightning.
okaay but dont erase anything !
On u camera nothing
Good Morning!
Make it a great day...
hey there !
Curt, HUGE fan.
Just found out someone DEAR 2 ME has ALS  If you see this PLEASE the best direct LINK 4 my involvement?
yeah!
Haha.
And the one that said Just don't answer me then.
what was that about lol
Seriously, very cool close ups and synopses of artwork.
The detailing on the mummy wrappings is great.
Pavement and No Age touring together may turn out to be the stuff of indie legend.
Can't wait for the Columbus show
RT : I could never have an office affair, I always have coffee breath here.
Double it!
Dude, who robs Walmart?
my last RT is so true, Haha.
not for the twitter world to know
Who Up besides me....
iUseToThink I was the best rapper ever until I started producing music, now every rapper sounds like the 21 yr old me...to me.
You are a glutton for punishment!
You still doing weekly marathons?
'Making Love  Money?' Sounds a bit like hanging a red light outside your window :
I'm a nutritionist
Yo mama so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
this is true but u have a bigger hill to climb if I stop playing in bed, nonetheless
you nigga you kno its true
RT : RT : Lord, bless our week.
May we live the life we have imagined
hope you get better
Find me on Facebook peeps
Word!
// RT : The morning is brightest when a thesis doctorft is finished.
I heard that they're trying to splice the llama eyelash gene into a human's, but they're running into a spitting side effect.
Loved Denali National Parkwild, remote, untamed, unchanged.
just one road in, so access is limited.
our backpack trip was stellar!
The things love makes you do...
sersleh!
if i bring a sandwich it is over by 1030 am.
foods needing to be heated may survive till 11:15
whoof what a day
hope you are well Andoctorw!!
Cheers blake
RT : Advertisers are abandoning Rush Limbaugh.
Where will Summer's Eve find a spokesperson now?
Awesome, thanks again!
Yay!
Virtual hugs to you on a successful day.

what's that smell?
Given current practice, vandy can't use online learning tools to captainre RCR lectures and use 1/2 day for the discussions.
We use full day
I only ask one time
Does anyone want me to follow back ?
i need to be following more mahomies 3
Attend Hope For Firefighters this year and support Widows Orphans  Disabled Firemen's Fund!
Most obstacles melt away when we make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
Orison Sweet Marden
And now we follow you back.
Thanks for the high praise.
Jazz evolved in the late 1800s when rustic field hollers began to incorporate synth bass, DX7s, and QuadoctorVerb.
Put on MLB.TV on iPad since trumbo was coming up with 2men on and howie Kendoctorck hits a 3run bomb right in front of him...
What a jerk
Working the Compassion booth at the Matt Maher concert at the Grove in Anaheim
utterly disgusted by the racist tweets ignorant bruins fans tweeted.
their ignorance is appalling and embarrassing to boston  its peeps.
humans as property, women as humans
Cynthia Calvillo defeats Stefanie Harrison to win the rematch and the Rocktagon MMA 135 Title!
who know codegeass?
tweet me if you know code geass
New product going up on ebay in a few hours!
'Going Green, Volume 1'  4 graphical glyph fonts in PNG and PSD formats!
Auction starts soon!
lol go to Disneyland on June 18 cuz I'm performing there.
Good morning!
Coffee.Tweets.Friends.Business.
Then to Zichron Yakov to skate and help a buddy.
Joinning our team is a smart move right now.
Enjoy the words of wisdom from Regina Brett www.kgpt.com/ourblog.html
I'm not a realtor but I farmed my 1st community today  3 refinances fully approved for HARP 2.
Unreal  no wonder why top agents do this
Kids  join in the fun of games, crafts, food  more  the American Girl Doll Festival here  the library, Sun., Oct.
9, 67:30pm!
Looking forward to Columbia Heights Day this Saturday!
Derek Sherrod!!!
That's a big ass man!!
Lions who??
I love summer ras!
Off to run errands, pay insurance, will be back soon.
Printed out my CES agenda.
Four Exercises to Get Your Body in Shape for Kayaking This Summer
wow.
What a commitment to pictures.
On the road to an event in roanoke, wv ooooooowwww
we are doing a global sale on burgers in all of our stores for 1 each on friday...you should stop by and try them!
Would pic swap with me?
course ya did.
im 2 irresistable
and so the marathon called Comps study begins...
Golive days are always exciting.
Today will be great!
GOLdoctorSH Is on and the Dakota Boys are going to take it all
nope ur lying so no talking to me
Bored at school :
Carrie Underwood, Reba Mcentire, the Flaming Lips..Who's next?
HOMAGROWN SHOWCASE TONIGHT Presented by Stinson Entertainment  Spy Radio.
yeah, not worth it..
im so excited my monster jam though!
Its your birthday today?Mine also:
I speak my mind.
I never mind what I speak.
good morning everyone gotta get a clock without a snooze button
u cooking?
who would watch if i strealmed
Good night.
Thanks for the RT
Congrats!
Way to represent Chicago!
Childoctorn and speak the truth.
You don't have us all pegged correctly.
Assumptions abt groups of people r called stereotypes.
Not helpful in fostering compassion.
I like how your Hanoi friend sums it up :
the fact that you replied gave me so much hope it's not even funny.
coming soon  Greed
help us get more followers!
tryin' to build the hype before we doctorp the demo :
Let's talk about SEX baby with  call in at 8186913243 ...
listen in at www.radiokolamerica.com
Holy cow...
tsunami is so sad.
Thinking of Japan!
To Kill A Mockingbird..
Ohh how I doctorad reading you.
Fuck you mister.
Mcdugle!
Adele, is a Grammy Award winning English recording artist and songwriter she stole the Grammys this year is yours welcome back
Merry Christmas everyone!
Hope its a good one.
Especially to all you on the naughty list ;
3 margaritas and sliders from 308  a good Cinco De Mayo.
No need to overdo it, tomorrow's El Seis de Mayo!
I just watched a dog pull a blanket around a yard at full speed..
TITA: If my last name was: JAH I'd name my son: GANGE POW :D
My parents are like, if your clothes are too big just wear them!
Lol bitch no I dont like baggy clothes.
Heard 's Thing About Us playing in Hallmark and got supa excited.
and made it quite obvious that I was a fan
Last night was too much fun ;D
I have learned so much from !
NYC Happy Birthday USA 235Celebration on Intrepid's flightdeck last night!Fire boatshelicopter flyoverhot shot jets!Abundant WOW moments!
I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Why thank you.
Do I count ?
Psh, of coarse I do.
Lmfao.
Lately I've been tellin girls Prometheus has landed when i come.
man I missed the video .
searching for a PeopleSoft Administrator for a project in Milwaukee, WI.
Please call me at 414.203.2451 or email to .
iTunesU, now for K12 too!
I know it's annoying
After receiving a new lead Thursday, police return to Rockport where 2yearold Caleigh Harrison went missing but found nothing
this is true : life's always better with a little petty ;
wow on twitter?
dont play, I'm serious about this stuff!
I get trigger happy!!!!
Hey guys ...
Great day auditioning hype guys and back up dancers today also ...audition privately for xfactor so wish me Luck.
Big changes 
Media/tech/social/Internet folks: What IWNY events are you planning to go to?
I've been away from home 10 day.
My 2yo in her play kitchen said she was making mongo beef from pae wai for when daddy get's home.
Awww.
please RT: looking for awesome curators in following cities/states for : LA, Boulder, Vancouver, Austin, Miami, Tokyo, Moscow
Fool me once, shame on you.
Fool me twice, we're through.
See.
You CAN do English updates!
Hey...welcome to Amerrricaaaaa.
Eating ChickFilA in Indy, about to watch and , life is good.
Are you missing Mudspot as much as I am?
Congrads lakers and bulls!!..
great wins!!
Thanks for the mention!!
If you get more attention from other girls your not getting any from me and we talking aha nigga please
new professorle makeover : tell us what you think!
I think that icloud is acting up.
Having problems connecting to the mail server.
Why do some girls brag about what their men got them?
I used to brag about what I bought my damn self.
that's what we do.
Online videos and political coups
Thanks for a great breakfast honey!
ya......just.....marty mcsorely stick incident worrys me
Excited to work with Sisters Vintage Party  Ann Marie Itschner Photography on a fun concept shoot in the Hill Country next week!
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight 3....just a touch of the fire burnin so bright..
3..
Final film geek thought vomit: Jody Hill is a gamechanging auteur, Harmony Korine is a hack and I want to see more from Robert E Gunnerson.
Wen I walk in the Street alone I like to put freaky faces to creep people out lolololololololol
: doctorke needs to make a new album!
That new shit that you got is overdue
Yes I just parked horizontal across Meridian to save baby ducks trying to cross
Love it, but I love all your quotes : RT AriaaQuotes Excessive emoting negates miracles
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart.
Gene Tunney
trying to figure out how to play best thing I never had on piano ..
let's see how this turns out.
HA, no.
RT : If the close out the , should get a pass?
Ugh I can't play with my game boy sp cause it needs a special battery
yeah and no its not lol but my friends that is a girl is coming
heeheehee, I just called Lily to tell her...
I told her its all enter the ninja...
and then she said,  yes, we can do that later.
I 3 her
No, but he might as well :
Time to leave the Dupont, WA Starbucks and find a place to sleep tonight.
Loving on the ACM's tonight!
Frank McCourt just made more money by screwing up the team and forcing a panic auction then he could've through a normal sale!
Celebrate International Bacon Day with Bacon Rub Chicken Kabobs....
Had an awesome time getting linsane with had some reprelinsible views on higher ed though.

Happy New Year to the singer, and to all you friends  Twitter followers.
Crazy selenators,whose who tweeted her hate tweets..
I miss u
You can't tell me that LaRussa wouldn't come back to defend the title if he had a gaurantee that the Cards would resign Pujols.
Woodland Park, CO
Too busy with pcbw but saw Sandy last night here.
Where are your events, I can pimp.
I am the mediaho, remember?
Patriots v Colts today.
I am hoping for good light.
I am pretty sure the game is going to be a snoozer.
should reduce Peyton's suspension to entire regular season.
This makes the appeals process seem fair but still sends a message.
That sweet 16 was fun:
The UK boycotting oil from Iran now is Ridiculist in light of the fact they stole it in '53 when they illegally ousted
Who needs a quote for a delivery today.
Just give me an opportunity!
You can tell me NO!
ButIKnowYourSayingYES!
Wasn't expecting double OT from the scarlet knights.
It's a digital camera?...
If that's what your asking?...
We are inside and just tried out side...some thing
I really miss all those white guys from yesterday's track meet :' i have never seen so many hot white guys in one place before

you know we will but don't rush the end of summer yet!
In due time, in due time...
You really should be here!!
Goodson in for Stack, Bala in for Waechter, and Klotz in for Piniero.
Good to see Kayla Bala getting minutes again.
Come on Bulls!
who there?
Linda just completed the most amazing deep purple necklace and bracelet set  you must see this.
Tomorrow 115 PM before its gone!
Looking at this lady with a heavy backpack walk up the stairs.
Cant help but be proud of her and cheer her on as I take the escalator.
Happy Bday to A late happy birthday!
Love your new album!
Can't find it anywhere in stores, so I'm listening to it online?
Any idea where I could find a copy?
J.
Howard Marshall II is my Elvis.
If I never moved back to NY I wouldnt be mad.
Cant make it to the MilwaukeeWave game tomorrow..
But why cant I find anyone to use these tickets?
For free..
Show your support Milwaukee!
Thanks so much for the recommendation!
:
Thank u Jesus for allowing me to find my birth fam after 38 years  nothing but love!!!
I can't wait to meet them!
God is so awesome
Wade should be suspended for one game.
NHL goes from boring/non interesting to intense and can't miss during the Stanley cup playoffs
Visible Intelligence says: Chipotle line at lunch and Taylor Swift speech at vmas.
Like peas and carrots for all of us in our twenties.
just couldn't sleep.
Like to avoid late nights.
Not you at all.
Big s/o to Windows for having automatic shutdowns for updates.
I didn't like those final three pages anyways.
LMFAOOO.
True.
Same for Hobgood.
But if they connect.....
Hanging in line at NBC Studios for The Tonight Show!
happy birthday:
thank you Gaby love ya 3
That Tupac hologram is insane, would love to see Biggie on that shit, but there's also something scary about it too.
Ha Ha Ha Love the dog!
Why do I insist on doctornking so much water right before bed every freaking night?
I'm hopelessly slow to learn.
But it beats the hell out of dealing with ClevelandHopkins.
There's one in harlem that is decent RT : The Ethiopian restaurants in Brooklyn are effing horrible.
Overpriced, small servings.
.
can't wait to see you tmister.
says we're very lucky.
Nice loping hike at Lost Dog Trail today in Scottsdale.
Funding for treatment for mental health issues.
It is no different than any other disease.
Give them a voice.
dinner is served.
never deny your roots
convince the NBA to go back on strike.
Please read the previous tweet regarding the film, it's Pittsburgh screening and fundoctorising efforts for Autism Speaks!!
Thx.....
My sister gone be here at 10 :D
headed to for happyhour with !
You fool, you meant to text this to Beau.
Never felt so depressed and confused.
I think I might have it down to 12hours: depends how I do my hair!
Star Spotting: Nick Jonas Holding Hands With Delta Goodoctorm.
BRB, Crying Myself To Sleep
Watching 10yearold episode of Cribs.
IceT's house is full of giant CRT televisions and computer monitors.
He looks like a pauper.
WOTD: what seats?
RT : these seats are whiter than a wilco concert
Any 3D artists out there?
We've got a ton of great 2D artists applying, but no sculpture, no metal work, no installation!
Submit!!
Chicago's New Headshot is now using , it's a great way to organize all of your social media!
I grabbed the 10 getting started PDF from , and it doesn't look too bad.
I'll definitely post about my experiences.
Good Night :
you have no idea!!!
Still riding CENX.
Hoping it will fill the gap at 575735.
May be a bit greedy there though!
ill try to serve more than i doctornk.
frank and the whale are my new true loves.
BLRM C  don't miss this RT : up next talking about developping a 3D digital heritage ecosystem saa77
I'll be at SPAC  A/C.
Maybe we can meet up  Partay ; ; nod nod.
Leaving the kids home  touring with wife.
A blessing to hear Angelique!
3 Glad you enjoyed it!
Trained Spotter in Big Flats reports 2.70 inches of rain between 9 pm and 9 am.
Holy awesome!
Today went so well!
doctorms down.
Working on guitar this week.
Can't wait to share...
Outcry mounts over Florida shooting
Wow!..
CelebApprentice is off to fast start.
It's been the same, and the story is getting old
Come out to Walnut Creek next time you visit.
Plenty of good beer to be bought there, too!
Yep, even if that nerd is yourself RT Be nice to nerds.
Chances are you'll end up working for one.
Bill Gates
Sabine Books warmly wishes you and yours a Merry Christmas!
Bros before hoes.
Yeah.
But she's not a hoe and if you consider her one then you're definitely not a bro.
DuringTheSummer I don't have to worry about anything.
Booking for the summer!
If you guys know of any venues or places that we could play, let us know.
you would think I'd know better by now
We are rocking out now.
with j fees right?
Only willing to make him my dashboard Jesus until I see the sequel.
Then maybe we go to the next stage.
perfect day courtesy ; teacher professorssional development meets media, meets story, meets heart
WEST WOOD OR NUN..AND YOU CAN RUN  TELL THAT!!
I see neopolitan ice cream.
I will take a scoop thanks.
I Have a Degree in Liberal Arts  Do You Want Fries With That?
And they score again!!!
Yay Preds!
Knicks have actually played better team ball when amare hasn't played this season
Karoke Tonight starting at 9:00.
Come by and play our new instant win game.
1 in 3 will win some great prizes.
U don't wanna know: ????
wat kinda sick.
WTH cant build iOS apps using Unity3d running on windows.
We also welcome photographer Lois Greenfield this week ...
she'll be lecturing at 1:30 p.m.
in The Hall of Languages this Friday.
Quiet you
Is the color on my TV bad or is Louisville wearing orange?
What you do today will leave its mark on history..
Which story will you be..
The one to follow, or the one to avoid!
People are watching!
like us on Facebook www.facebook.com/tiaswaterfront
RIght?
: I need to find/meet , too!
I sense a game of twitter marco polo..
haha I'm trying to one up Ben 29
I am really excited for the new business model we are going to roll out I think some writers out there will love it
i'll lose to kobe any day of the week.
i will never lose to that bitch boy in south beach
Done!
Time to sleep then rage
haha but obviously you were not any of the people being a fag about it!!!!
Holy shit.
Lady Antebellum's Wanted You More...
Could not describe the last seven months any better.
to which the ref desk said, 'wahwahwahwahwah ...
you're a jerk'
FF To all my new followers with DYNPR!!
So much to come, thank you again!
I review New England beers and ales on You Tube and I have become a part of the Twitter family.
Yay!
just because there is FIVE that doesn't mean anything .
Oh the life of a bouncer.
Apparently I'm an asshole for catching someone trying to sneak an open bottle of beer outside at bar close...
The rain does not help me sleep.
I'm sorry that I'll never be as fun in person as I am in doctornk texts.
A taco bell should open up near us
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader John Quincy Adams
I am not playing anything in Florida.
I will stay here for the Venetian DS and maybe go to Commerce after.
Take care!
Fresh squeezes juice is just one of the highlights in my day
Who owns an eSkillet?
My boy and I were rippin his last night at the show.
That's probably why I was really fucked up actually.
ImThatPersonWho is always there for someone in need 
Jealous the stuff I have scene looks incredible!
on a scale from 110 rate your obsession with Britney !
haha
1st shipment of tees should be in this week!
When are you going to have some merchandise in your online store?!
:/
do not favorite my tweet !
It's not something to be happy about !
Lol
I would love to go to bed right now but of course I have homework to finish..
Summer can't come soon enough
Just finished up my body paint shoot...it was pretty fun...but a little sticky :
Garcia is a truly professorssional pitcher.
He comes in with a plan.
He knows what hes doing
How's everyone doing...its hott as usual in the great state of TEXAS...be safe and stay blessed DCK
RT  Sounds like a good Indians crowd tonight in Arizona.
Lots of Cleveland transplants I'm guessing.
hey batter in the tree, I'm a monkey look at me  ooh ah ah  wtf kinda baseball chant is that?!
ICA is kicking off the new season with Clarinet Kaleidoscope concert on September 18.
Carl Nielsen, Johannes Brahms  Camille SaintSaens!
Just wrote a 2 pg paper while listening to Birdman's album.
The word fresh appeared 36 times, and the word shinin 83 times, respectively
Damn, just remembering them days when 20 wouldnt even fit in your gas tank, now that will barely get me out the doctorveway.
SMDH
Interested to speak with other users of Autonomy MediaBin at
If you are getting lazy, watch James.
new business cards : hello
There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous.
what seats do u have?!
:D
They Need a qb who can stay on the field lolRT they need all the help they can get
Swarming with Orange at Likeable Media!
RT : I'll be interning for !
Busy work and chores today.
Then I'll start shopping and cooking for our SuperBowl Party!
How fun!
A member of our site needs your advice about wheelchairs 4 kids.
Posted the ?
on FB!
www.facebook.com/knowledgesafari specialneeds Thx!
i always fall for your type
i love my boyfriend my bestfriend my mom my friends
Fort Lauderdale, the 'Venice of America' is a famous city for tourists in Florida.
hey, please follow back, i wanna ask u some question
tell the The naked truth strip poker
Why is one eye smaller than the other?
You misspelled here in your Twitter name description.
San Jacinto takes a 43 lead over Paris on a RBI single here in the bottom of the 8th
i use to hate it too but its way better than fb...i got my twitter connected to fb i post here and it post on my fb pages
Hi Susan, thanks for the follow ;
Y U NO LAUGH AT JOKE
I am loving this weather!
Either way sugar is sweet goblue RT : Should be a good one.
LocalLove I love San Francisco because it's so close to the redwoods, nature and camping.
I'm camping as soon as possible
Cool, stable air over SW and SC WI limiting overall severe wx: Large hail main threat as more storms moving in from NE IA.
I've had the pleasure of being on your source list.
I'm sure you'll be using it and will look forward to possibly helping out.
Effectively slept through the rest of he day.
:
If I'm following you.
Please follow me!
It's for very good reasons.
Check out my professorle!
..
hey Kurt, I think/My family thinks Your THE Best QB That ever been on the Cardinals!.
NCAA commercial had the UK logo on a dollar bill.
Lol
A dog in the hunt does not know it has fleas.
A man in the hunt achieving his goal does not know his aches and pains and the obstacles.
I hate when my dog watches me pick up his shit, I feel like his b!tch.
iftheyshutdowntwitter my phone battery wouldnt doctorin as fast
NowPlaying Would You Go With Me  Josh Turner3
Night and god bless all :
Praying : Wondering if what I'm thinking about is really from God.
I'm not going to say I love you more.
It's too competitive.
I would totally have gone there too with the Coneybeare :
Guess I shouldn't have been riling kitty up all day...
Oops yarncasualty rewound it though, luckily it wasn't too tangled...
TWEET ME YOUR QUESTIONS  I'LL ASK THE EXPERTS DURING THIS FORUM
I'm pretty handy with a wok
Thinking of changing my twitter name...
I don't care what anybody says the Diamondbacks are fun to watch lovebaseball but they did get the best of my cubs
RT : The attacks are part of the foreplay to the talks.
TigerBeatLovesASW All The Way is the name :
Happy 4th of July!
decent beats and quality lyrics.
If the lyrics are subpar, then the beat has to be decent
aw so sweet
And btw I got told the other say that I sound like Jenna Marbles!
Minus the Potty mouth I think they are right!
i'll come get it after my workouts tonight
Key areas of PresentationLawn,walkway,entrance,front door,rugs  window treatments.The house WILL sell with the right presentation!
Thanks for the RTs and the follow!
FF these awesome people  for sharing light
If you get preggers out of Christlock, you should deal with whatever consequences such as breast cancer you get.
Good for SusanKomen!!!
The creepy dude who stalks girls around town found my work email somehow.
What a freak.
I guess this is the usual time of year for him.
FREE Web Promotion for musicians by www.webpromotion.com
You have to be part of the inner circle.
Its usually someone that has been with the person since their first exec post.
Meek mills tape is gonna go down in history, the music lives up to the hype.
making it happen and I am liking what I am seeing
They atmosphere as thrilling here, as always
Just think about this....its not even the Dog Days of baseball where bad teams easily go on 10 game losing streaks.
We have great animal actor talent in ABirdoftheAir  we'd love for u to share some of ur pets special talents!
Twitpic if youve got em!
true that.
Love that lifelong red head :
I believe someone else already has.
But thanks for responding!
RT Need flyer design,logo design,card design in 24 hour turn around...
dm
I hate being sad, :/
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET A FOLLOW YET????
RT God is life so your life's purpose is serving God
i know!
whycantyoujust love and appreciate me the way i love and appreciate you?
without you my hearts in pain....
dont want to let go
I'm serious.
Own it.
I 'met' you when you were completing your dissertation and was immediately impressed w your discipline.
Visualization makes things real.
Of JP Morgan loss is no big deal to Mitt, it's only a few billion dollars after all.
great how did you actually renew energetic converstions
So much for my day gettn better I need to find a new crowd
Morning shower felt so good
Paraskevidekatriaphobia awareness!
There are literally DOZENS of us!
Sponsorship deals for the web series What You Can Do
I'm sorry to hear that.
How can my Institute make it up to you?
what is the song when the walleyes score?
It's almost as though Monday's coverage didn't happen.
So my Blackberry is not getting email just like so many others.
At least it still has internet access and phone is working.
all lies and jests still a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest
already exists!
Coffee Shop of Horrors!
The Microsoft Nook?
Hell, I'm for anything that MIGHT help resurrect Barnes  Noble from the depths of mediocrity.
Love that MeganMcCarthy was nominated for an Oscar for her hysterical role in Bridesmaids.
Look out Meryl!
Romans 5:1 5:1 Therefore, since we have been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus.
whoever eat skittles one at a time kill yourself
resolution 1: must get bike.
have total bike envy of these westsiders, cruisin' the boardwalk.
i resolve to be one of them soon!
LOL, True, true!
At least he didn't go to the Chargers or the Dolphins
Do you realize that posting stuff like this makes it more likely for people to watch these movies?
Spite has economic value.
hahaha I'll text you one!
Why are u tweeting this to everyone?
you just made my day!!
Thanks!
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
: got anything going on on Friday ?
2 show fri night 8 and 10pm
Yes indeed.
Gotta have games at a games unconference!
About to see a performance piece at Whitney biennial.
Can't even tell who but it involves a piano
the same one you accidentally tweeted from last week, its ok...
Most of you BA hide behind mult accts with fake names/pics
i actually woke up in the middle of the night saying roxas x nice move dude
Please Detroit.
Let's not become too friendly today.
Kiwi at 2012 lows at 7740
hahahahaha I was going to attempt it, but I can't even begin to try.
first crack in the Crawford armor there; tried to barehand Tulo's high, slow chopper despite Tulo laboring down the basepath
That commercial for Transformers 4 was good!
:x lol when we don't need our brain cells of course ;
Ready for day 7 of 12 days of Michael  Marisa?
To win u have to comment the right answer on the Facebook post.
We'll tweet the link soon!
Got that right..
That's exactly what I said!
How are you Doing today?
because you're interested on fixing problem.
Plenty of ppl terrible at a task but not interested in fixing it.
I'm the Barry you were talking to on the Dakich show yesterday.
Great job with Dan.
We The Type Of Family That's Always Late For Some Shiit.
Love it!
I would add a circa.
in there for good measure...
way to kill that interview W/ !
We support you!
Hmm...so what's the weather like in Denver?
I honestly can't tell.
I have no motivation at all to get out of bed to get ready and go to school
Reading the VH issue of ClassicRockMag and doctornking a Schlitz Tall Boy.
Life may get better than this but does it need to?
Jokes on you babe ; I love my life ;
torrey pines lodge.
beer fest.
two words: CHIPOTLE IPA
Welcome to glad to have you as a follower it's an honor :
British people greet each other with kisses on the cheek  ;D xx
gonna bake up some treats :
How ya like me now?!
lol that too
...city council.
We also considered the fact that she is a public official.
Then we decided to report the story and her name.
Good Luck !
I Voted For You3
I was trj
Um, hasn't tweeted in 2 months.
How about writing press release that presidential candidate blanky blank will be visiting their home/school for dinner?
Let Dan Coughlin entertain you TONIGHT with his crazy stories at the Tuscarawas County Pub.
Lib.
At 6:30pm
that's what I've been doing hahaha
enjoy!
What a great way to start your Saturday!
That awkward six months where I've been logged onto twitter on Stephanie's iphone.
WTF?
RT : Cities that aren't SF: You need to stop trying to serve burritos.
You're doing it wrong.
we say da'tonsies as soon as we wake up
Need a stunt 'doctorver'?
doctornk ass
CROSBY SHOULD GET THE HELL OUT OF THE GAME.
ImNotFallingForThat CRAP.
Somebody forgot to tell me there would be 3,000 kids in FL on Spring Break.
Reminds me of the old days in Daytona and PCB.
Easy day today
Q: What are the differences between your influencers and your best customers?
Email tip: To emphasize enthusiasm, write Thanks with an exclamation mark.
See: Thanks vs.
Thanks!
which do you prefer?
Well at least when you're sobbing your eyes out in your own apartment there's no one to try and hide it from.
APASD meeting on real life estimating with local AD Mark Albertazzi.
apasd,
Good Luck to you in the future  Good Luck to the team this week
Certainly not worst ever but they are the worst squad that Fergie has had in 20 years for me ol chap.
Love you too :
Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm right here!
lol I'm bored too
Devils tie the series at 1.
This win gave fans some hubris, and by that I mean some Zubrus.
lmao!!!!
Depends on what they singing...lol barrywhite :P
follow me?
:
Agreed.
What's become the core msg of the R party no longer makes sense to me.
Too much moralizing  too little substance.
I'd love if someone would spark me up right now 
GOD MORNING PACKER FANS EVERYWHERE.....!!!!!!
Get to shoot tommyguns with the FBI tomorrow.
Being married to my husband has many perks.
There is so much to be grateful for.
These are exciting times.
Face the miles and miles of trials with SMILES!
MUCH LOVE to all sex workers!
im stupid savage...
why my ribcage that big lmaooo well niggas stupid and my bitch bad lol
Earl Sweatshirt needs 2 come back i need them fire lyrics
I know I got something to live for and I need to know that something is you 33
Face down ass up all I need is three stroke bet you go fall in love with this dick
Thanks!
I just turned it on.
Rising tuition is a growing concern among GenY because the ROI isn't what it used to be.
great sry i cant spell
It's awesome when you think you work at 2, but you work at 3!
yay extra hour.
You say that a lot in our convos lol.
Welcome downtown, Mini runners, and good luck to all of you!
Baltimore Ravens Hard Knocks will be airing tonight  8 on NFL Network!!!
We've reached 1000 likes.
Thank you all so very very much!!!!
We might something special for you soon...
Ma way home.
I think my friend does : Who's got an extra ticket they want to share?
Sharing is caring.
wow tyler almost got caught :3
u know what else is rude..
U!
For not hitting me back!
it was yum!
loved the pics of you at the Magic Circle..ty and hope you are wonderful....

I think that trying to prove there's no God is only a failure to recognize the existence of nature.
If you light a lamp for someone else it will also brighten your path.
Buddha
It's easy to confuse 'marital' and 'martial' sometimes.
i care about you3
When People Act Dumb Reason.
Help!
My siblings didn't buy Mom slippers for Christmas so I must get them for MothersDay.
Costco  Fred Meyer don't have them.
Where next?
Anyone in Rochester want to house me for a few days this week!?!
Yeah?
Yeah?
No?
Come on?
Watching my favorite show, GH!
Embrace the doctorma peeps!
I'm looking at a table of 3 morbidly obese DA's sitting amongst 1 attractive one.
Girls!
Give up the truckload of Cheetos!
There is hope!
...make us feel all warm and fuzzy inside, and download our stuff.
ok that makes no sense but i apologize for going professorne regardless.
Please explain what nobama has done from your perspective.
Great Friday Words of Wisdom!
: You only need to start with one small goal.
Set it, achieve it, then believe it.
Andy Pettitte is back?
What?
I'm glad David Robertson got his 1st blown save out of his system.
Never do it again.
I just feel alone and that no one really wants me on twitter cause I am a guy who loves ariana
My sister keeps singing don't doctorp that thun thun thun annoying!
Phone calls after 11 are booty calls so don't answer unless you on that same level as that person bcuz ure gonna get lol
RT : That was definitely the best horse race I've watched this year
Need a nap today.
Slept for barely an hour last night and woke up covered in random bruises this morning.
Either someone beat me....
I actually believed Ashley for a second and went to her page to check her followers lmfao.
Need delivery?
This is a tweet test of the Jennifer Nangle broadcast system.
This is ONLY test.
First day in a long while I have left work with it still being light outside!
Block them.
They can't follow you, you can't see their comments.
Going private and accepting invites, lets people DM you.
YAY!!!
THEY ARE HONORING WHITNEYHOUSTON AT THE BILLBOARD AWARDS!!!!
THIS SUNDAY  8PM ON ABC :
The doctoram is so convincing that it's not until after you wake up that you realize just how asleep you were.
On bus to see dalailama at Ucsd.
Traffic not as bad as expected
re: continuous integration.
Better than constant continual changes ;
its ma babies birthday today!
I love you three lol 3 thank you so much!
haven't you gotten used to it by now?
thank you!!
I had really awesome day too!!
I kept telling Air how good of a day I had.
Sage DOES NOT like yoda
Leave alone with the pregnancy stuff...
Im watching KhloeandLamar...
she is totally stressing!
It will happen when it ...
Getting the most financial aid For families with collegeage childoctorn, the financial burden of paying for their college degree has grown
askharry most annoying thing in the world?
I love getting into fights with the bathroom lady in my school..
: Who's the more foolish?
Kim Kardashian or the fool who follows her on twitter?
RT : so the Angels were the mystery team?
huh
I agree.
It sounds like rest of team feels the same way too.
I'm sure I speak for  when I say we had a blast!
Come back soon.
:
NEW SUMMER PROMOS COMING SOON!
Check in with us tomorrow for great specials on radio commercials!
:D
what american?
OK, I'm back from my dinner of delicious homemade chicken soup.
Now where was I?
Oh yeah, the treatise.
Almost done.
We love Magic Burke!
RT : I love cake!
JW have u ever requested your own songs on the radio 2 help boost them up the charts??
I know I would LUV YA BUNCHES :
Uhm you better not be having munchies!
There is a guy at the Brewer game w a fluorescent green hat on that looks exactly like me.
He's getting a lot of TV time.
Salma Heyak...Gucci ????
you sure it wasnt designed by the Robot from Lost in Space
Thanks.
I think it worked.
Zambrano looks good early...
Lying is pretty pathetic, people need to grow a pair and just be honest.
the YMCA on high st
Sure did doctorft Coco Crisp, the Oakland A's Center Fielder.
what are u talkin about?
Go on home with yo abs  pecs loser lol
So excited to go shoe shopping tomorrow!!!
Thank you very much, I'm glad you find it helpful!
RT I love your site.
Good stuff.
oh Jesus.
Sounds about right lol
Listening to some classics for the first time.
Pre ...is a real boy tunes.
Crazy stuff!
Hope you win the shortyawards Pey!
Hope you are reading this!
Claire Kramsch's invited colloquium on FL  globalization on now!
See her coedited Trends in Applied Linguistics series at our stand
Just because i have a Mahomie account, it doesn't mean im not a belieber, aidanator, psanderette or any of the others.
i am.
i really be on my LostKen shit
Need to do some much needed promting.
Please followers help me out!!!
Love you Jordan.
.
and I are at Graceland.
This is the tackiest house I've ever seen!
can you spend more time taking care of your child instead of flaunting yourself and flirting w boys 24/7 on fb?
thanks!
The bbq was so fun yesterday I can't believe I pulled it together last min.
Thanks to all that came I really enjoyed ya.
I know what u mean by that!
This studio session is bananas right now!!!
how was your day today?
o: and thankies you are too.
And also very nice.
can i list myself as not single somehow so the ads for singles in my area no longer show up?
it's..
troubling.
:/
Really interesting the Personal analytics of my life mapping 32 yeats of emails..
Don't miss a chance to meet composer Philip Glass today at the Contemporary Arts Center.
The conversation starts at 3:30PM, and is FREE!.
Need some extra sleep!.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN!
please follow me your amazing and gorgeous!
I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XOOXOXOXOXOO
Gah I apparently have a boob fascination today!
What the hell?!
There isn't one class where our doctorvers ed teacher does not scream at me or
Don't forget tomorrow over Club Pleasures
The most important thing in life is to be yourself.
Unless you can be Batman.
Always be Batman.
every one of their buildings looked like a castle.
See, that's what I want!
what?
Great conversation tonight w/  about happenings in fintech in ATL and the great ppl doctorving innovation.
Life is a ght, but not everyones a ghter.
Otherwise, bullies would be an endangered species.
To bad this will be Mayweather's last fight....he's got a date with Bubba in a few months in the state pen...hey look what happened to Mike
Learned my body needs 1798 Kilocalories to maintain my homeostasis.
But I insist on eating 3000 kliocalories just for extra proteins  fat.
I don't usually tweet..
But when I do I hope it makes her smile
Myrtle Beach recreation for Wednesday, April 10
Dear DC coffee shops, please start playing Ok, thanks.
Not only did bring you lunch, but we also brought you a product nominated for Best Tech We'd love your vote for
I'm currently working on our company's brand guidelines/logos usage.
not me!
Soy un hombre muy agradable ;
Please and thank you!
Internet Talk show, June 21st 1011am PCT Topic: Media Sex Scandals: Is it about SEX or POWER?
www.doctorosie.com, click on listen live
XD!!
I just mainly hummed while u and JJ sang lol
Congrats!
RT : dare i say it?
i dare.
best.
audience.
ever.
I really dont want to go to school tomorrow :P :
On vacation living the doctoram
I know I passed like 4 accidents on 264 just now smh crazy cuh.
Ooh, tell me more.
Has the pdf reading interface gotten better?
I was making do with the old pdf reading system, but....
it may be the supper club talking but I'm sure all is forgiven
idk i cant run so
Why liposuction?
3 reasons: a more flattering figure, a more proportionate shape, fitting in your clothes better.
didn't know about this.
Thanks for the heads up.
you don't understand!
my rage level is 92920292739 times infinity.
Chillin' at my place with my friend..
We might go out later :.
Guys are straight creepin'.
damn i think i lost these vocals...smh
Thanks.
Much love to you too.
:
This guys name is Steve Francis ...
Please be who I think you are.
just had the most delicious burger with a fried egg and porkbelly on it.
Should have taken a picture
fyi, the brand is Reef.
They're incredibly comfortable, too.
i look so messy right now.
man yo had my in shock!!!
I literally stood there jaw jacked!
R Hotz.
Journalists' stock in tade is Doubt.
Comparing models, examining alternatives.
Does this approach disserve readers?
ccid2012 presentation on Troika Model Concept.
Kevin do you like DD or SharkTank better?
Mike Allen and the Politicolive folks should learn how to pronounce Oshkosh.
Please go away bad thoughts :
Light rail is packed with O's fans today
I really wanna go to Hawaii!
please?
David Berns says the changing face of homelessness in the district is moving away from single individuals to families
Celtics al day
City of Charlottesville appoints Chris Engel as the new Director of Economic Development Director.
Aubrey Watts is city's COO and CFO.
Peppercorn garlic chicken omelet with blue cheese for breakfast, how can lunch compete?
April 6th in Lehighton  Erin's On First w/ This Is Hell.
If the Badgers really had five of Our Hero, it really would have been 10000.
Tennessee is a hype place to live
my boys gt a 29 point lead and my nigga Austin rivers der
Lol Victoria secret pink nigga u know ion Lik matchin plus it its matched my shoes
Happy 4th of July...
up state right now, once home more band practice for the Playland BATTLE of THE BANDS July 20th hope to see you there!!
Jk my boob itches
So rude, yet so funny
On the lighter side of news I have that stupid Somebody I Used to Know song stuck in my head.
cause when me and joy was little we used to hear the mice on Cinderella sing that lmao
Gabriela ...
it isn't riotous clamor
I don't care.
You pick.
I haven't eaten out in a while...
And I get paid tomorrow!
Hoping this tax free weekend dont be no bs...but more than likely if its 2 good to be true...then it is...
He can't remember what their houses looked like, but he knows every cafe he ever doctornk coffee in along old Hwy 80.
It's the Trenchcoat Mafia, Charlie Brown
when people text you about some dumb shit 
We'll see you there!
Meeting w/ a client group today  we are going to talk about: How To Energize your employees Morale  Empowerment  Soliciting Suggestions
I lost all respect for the blazers!
u forgot watch a video check oh wait that was me :
Where you want me to send u the backgeound?
Email?
I'm always looking for beats man.
What is your soundclick name?
I'm done chasing, I'm standing tall and letting them come to me.
Yes u r da 1 haha luv ya.Omg just got my BWUsummertour tickets on dallas tx.cnt wait to see u love ya so munch so excited?
Bitches who stay mad over one lil thing
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube and gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
I just wanted to say that u guys r so amzing!
U guys prvoe to all kidz that u cud accomplish your doctorams!
Awsome work on ABDC:D
Finally bed time, :
O Hell Nawww
Awesome panel discussion at sxsw When Filmmakers meet Interactive  the Canadians have our butts kicked here.
MultiPlatform storytelling
Any word length is fine by us.
I got love for the underground Kweli, pimp c, htown where Bun get down.......
He'll be editing book reviews, and trying to starve the Daily Beast.
im pretty sure we make the best music.
your the bitch P but i miss you!!!
not cool!
yeah, so proud of myself.
:
RandomShoutOut to ppl on my timeline: :
God thank you for writing my love story, thank you for your love words, thank you for your love, thank you for everything  for being you!
He appeared at the beginning of the show.
I want more of and !!!
I'm just going to take a wild guess that my first Nats game at new stadium will be called for rain.
Ya think, DC?
The Akward moment when a girl you talk to in class, is talking shit about you but yet still talks shit.
no way!
Chickfila in Tullahoma?
It's a liberating feeling knowing that no one cares what you post!
kids know technology these days.
That password won't protect your phont
he will follow :D just never give up.
your boy Richard has my controller Hahah or do you?
DevotionSuccess in Motion
lmao I mean sure why not.
:
with this kind of weather in Miami, my pool will never get warm!!
Trap or die bitches!
ThugLife.
m/
I've been workin' out my body, all the live long day.
I've been workin' out my muscles just to pass the time away.
Yeah!
My momma is a OG.
what's funny is u probably reading this tweet and think I'm playing.
Lol
Forgot to tell you yesterday that I like the colour palette on Gems.
I mean...
I might even get it myself.
Lol
Dog owners: doesn't it weird you out when passersby stare at your pup while they're crapping?
What if I give you a clue?
It's two thing by the way
oh yeah lol I'm watching Make It or Break It
can you tweet me if you get this?
Had an amazing afternoon at the annual crawfish boil with my Foxcroft friends and their Tulane husbands.
went to Ensenada with my family and Nana and I met this amazing guy who give me 2 sanddollars for free when i bought some seashells 3 ty :a
I should get my hair cut after my dental surgery, right?
knocking things off the to do list  go me!
Renting some scary movies and hanging out  my place with SeanLinda Not really feeling getting wasted lol you're welcome to come
Beautifully done Victoria!
Congrats to our third winner !!
Can't wait to see you Sun to meet
same here
The Scorpio Races is INCREDIBLE!
I didn't even sleep on the plane last night...and I really needed the sleep : LOVE IT!
WHEW!!
3 seminars in ONE day!
We are happily WHIPPED!
Bring our seminar, Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days, 2 U.
Email .
Oh how I love naughty girls ;
Rough doctorft of chapter 1 of book 3, Autumn in the City of Light, is complete!
Kudos to Dana for her hard work!
Gonna see Andy Pettitte today.....almost time to start Pregaming with the boys....better get out of bed!
If you're in NOVA today, particularly Fairfax, I am signing Rooster, 1130 to 2:30, INOVA Fairfax Hospital on Gallows, in the Tower Gift Shop
so true!
I have more than one favorite now!
Arie, Ryan and the guy with the first impression rose!
WhenIWasLittle  I tripped out because of the monster in my closet
dont lose what you could have had because youll miss every little thing of it
Come visit us?
I think I'm in luv with yur song.
Its like my anthem rite now, I make my own sunshine :
Japanther's Beets, Limes and Rice
hey girl follow me back:D
Battles at One World Trade The public has focused on a fight over counting One World Trade Center's antenna in the tower's height, but im
NEVER too early!
zetterberg has the best backhand in the league.
why did kim bring the baby to the gun range?
could they not find a babysitter?
My ex boyfriend Chase
Zayn and avocados, Niall and potatoes, Louis and carrots.
What's next?
ah, the refrain of the academic...
Taking my mother out to eat
Strange the media hasn't announced Tanit Phoenix joining Safe House.
I do believe you could get a hotter jpeg of her than Sam Shepard.
you better stop by while you're here!
See Jaxy on HARRY'S LAW: The Snark Queen!
Weds., 10/12 on NBC .
.
.
Well, I am having some damn fine coffee at the moment
People on the bus complaining about how hot it is..
but they don't wanna open the Windows
We're going to cut away from Newt Gingrich because we have important news to report.
where R u?
Went to a Mormon wedding yesterday where most of the guests were from Arizona.
That was really..uh..interesting.
No man can minister to an infant with a woman's tenderness.
words can hurt a lot more than most people let on.
Why am I always tired everyday.
time to rock the house!!!!!
jumps, doctorps sweater, looking around, calls out softly hello?
..
frowns, eyes sweater, shivers oh hell its too cold
Save room for my love save room for a moment to be with me
Pianta: we trained professorssional development coaches with a range of experiences for our research project.
Nurturing, loving environments, communication, having lots of room to run
tell Marcus Alex says hi if you see him :
ufc surprised Diaz is a dog on this fight, should have laid cash but who knows he might be injured  gonna flip back and forth to boxing
Shots!
Shots!
Shots!
I like Barca  Vinehout, they r both full of piss  vinegar  care about WI  their constituents,need to study both more closely
I almost had one of those shirts...
had them, but they don't anymore.
it was so good!
Did you read the book?
The secret iconography on Rice's campus is well thought out.
Those interested should search rice walking tour PDF
Hey Brian how's it going?
:
WOW..
just felt the earthquake here in Maryland.
Not sure how anyone can support Mayweather.
If he played any other sport he'd be the most hated in the world.
Not to mention he's corny af
Just another reason why I love Chicago.
Messages via stuffed fish.
Matthew Perry's TV career is much like the Hulk's movie career: Both only succeed as a member of an ensemble.
CocaCola is cutting on advertising costs with having dolls to promote their product now loool
I just Laugh :
Can't wait to see at
Thank you for that.
There are a lot of things in that area that are very interesting
jennettemccurdy also is awesome love you
lol, I'm gonna get on later: then we can video chat
M Maybe Thursday or friday afternoon?
I follow back yall teamfollowback 500aday help me get my follows up!
thanx for joining in.
Have a good night OMCru /l
Define and achieve your goals FREE at www.IamINC.biz !
Sappy Sunday Tweet 2: Lilly's b'day isn't until June 3rd but we had her party 2day before we go.
What GREAT kids.
Parents be proud!!
1st Oscar of the night goes to HUGO!
Achivement in Cinematography, YES!
Thank you for celebrating with us.
Did you have a great time?
RT if you Love your Ohio Fans.
:
Hey Bitches...In the Trenches at 10 this morning.
Uncle Greg used to use questionable substances in the NFL....he still does but he used to
university fellowship websites!
I'll send you some links if you want ;
Stfu  go suck on something .
Jamming in the car
ill beat it by Friday.
Sleep isn't necessary, but you guys are!
Been a really long weekend about to call babe and call it a night....
you're too hard on yourself
eugeneoneill Is in love with the following tweeters: thanks beautiful people!
lmao now you know what I dealt
Paul just set my computer to update for my iPhone and iPad.
4 hours to go, according to the download thingy.
Ugh.
oh I believe it
Wondering how I let my wife get me hooked on Dancing with the Stars.
Seriously.
SAG commercial audition, SAG commercial callback and then filming Busy, busy day.
Let's do this!
Dear mister.
Santoro, Thank you for ripping my papers to shreds.
You made me better.
Lets make love with Austin.
The point of a relationship is to make the other person as happy as you can, because their happiness adds to yours.
But it's mostly reviews, right?
I'm really looking for reference material on regions and grapes.
Is it like Gambero Rosso?
Any spots left for the Baltimore Tech Breakfast tomorrow?
We must love and respect each other.
come hm to sit n watch hoops, w/out the face  only voice, thought Brad Daugherty was calling Mich/Illini, it was Stv Bardo
yo u black bastard from gville, quickly hook up wit someone and tweet bout it.
Hope u doin well man.
yeah whatever the ran u off campus, coon
Exactly what I was thinking.
Why force Twitter to be only a synchronous stream for live content?
Yea we had our moments but the good out weigh the bad
Hi Curt :D
THANK YOU for taking the time to meet Jeremiah 2nite in Portland.
You'll never know what it meant to him.
You're a true class act.
Finished a whole movie in class!
The Princess Bride was actually a good movie.
The big news of the day isn't that Santorum doctorpped out of the race, it's that Gingrich is still in it.
Who knew?
:: is tweeting a running commentary on the company indecency policy seminar.
A braver man than I...
Have a great time!
cc
This week in my new hire class has tested even my flexibility.
better to be racy and sexy than racist and sexist
on the way to subway.
Tweet SweetStuff!
Get yourself a great complextion using starter kits.
Glow with us.
If you don't think someone's worth your time then more than likely they're probably not.
awe why?
I'm good
It's Friday so special thanks to our newest followers.
Recommended for sure:
La Costa Canyon 2  cathedoctorl 0 at the end of 1st
Thanks so much for the tweet!
We're so excited!
If I smell like mothballs: haven't been to grandmother's house, and I didn't just return from India.
Just purifying naphthalene in orgo lab.
How are my beautiful tweeps?
Just got back fryin DisneyLand.
Had so much fun.
Guess who I saw, while we were walking around?
Can you guess?
gonna be a fun 9 yrs : : Prince Fielder Detroit DAM !!
Interesting..: Kentucky Derby audience was 51 female.
: Sometimes I wish I had more middle fingers.
Wish we were visiting Bear Creek Kennels today for the ribbon cutting.
Congrats and Mom and Dad will bring us by soon to visit.
Happy St.
Pattys Day everyone!
Green beer here I come!
Also, the new owners that have moved into the building love it!
Looking forward to a really exciting and busy summer!
Would be so awesome if it would just rain all day long
Indeed...but I didn't want to gloat!
we can discuss our love for doctorving in LA, and maybe talk about music too ;
One wild rumpus has ended.
Another has no doubt begun.
convenient you left your number off the image of the photo...
knows where to put the blame in this whole mess: people offended by Limbaugh boycotting and calling up Limbaugh's advertisers.
gale: school librarians have great tenacity, but we recognize that you are confused and we are confused.
RT : So MMG held a press conference to announce they signing Omarion?
They could of Tweeted That.....
lol
in other words I am right on target again!
Wow, a Soros funded shadow operation cool!
,
Nice sunny day NYC!
the captainin morgan 18.97 special this weekend has done some work on everyone at this party...
RT : It's official: I am running for the WV House of Delegates for the 67th District.
Good luck!
Look forward to helping!
Digital story timeline has value: story breakstwitterinitial postmore detailed story onlinefull story in print.
We've been buying buying  buying AMAZING gorgeous stuff from NYC's fashion closets so stay tuned for all this set to go up next week!
A loss?
I never lose creeper contests!
Lol
Photoshoot at the shop for new flyers and ads...photos by nuvi
I'm afraid to say it, but it appears that the emails only do her good if she decides to run.
I volunteered 15 hours total in high school.
I know the exact total because it was courtordered
its werid when I try signing in but it does nothing helple me plz
A oneman show singing his life through the songs of his idol, FrankSinatra.
Catch CaryHoffman performing MySinatra live.
haha so what u doin now still surfing?
:
I used one of those computers back in the day, but never saw a unicorn jump out of it.
well, its almost 2am.
might not be online for a while...
but love u!
bye!
I like to imagine some animals have huge egos
Ron Paul is a nut case
Some chicks just cannot and should not rock the belly shirts.
Trust me it's for your own good.
You're welcome.
Thank you at Hartford Memorial for such a great weekend.
I am humbled and honored to have been part is the social justice conf.
Gurus are pansy asses too.
Gotta listen to yourself.
didn't know that existed!
I'm going to go doctoram about rage face merries.
Z.
Be thankful for life, be thankful for love for it comes to use from above!!
REW 1/8/2012
What about Brady Quinn?!?!?!
i would hang with lupe fiasco and id problably ask questions about rapping
Easy ways out sometime lead to destruction because you miss out on the rewarding journey
Um So Mississippi!!!
Just realized my clock has been frozen at 10:58...Windows...
Went on tumblr and tried to reblog a pic....
Forgot i went over my limit for the day......
X
omg!!: I've seen them live 5 times!!!:
WorstFeeling being judged ...
Solitary man!
lol....
thanks for checking out our band :
Increase your online sale by 25 or more by just creating mobile website.
worldwide mobile users has increased and 3G technology has made p
THEY DONT HAVE FAITH IN YOU UNTIL IT'S TO LATE!!!
AND YOUR ARE ALREADY IN THE SPOT LIGHT!!
Happy holiday
Grey Goose chery nior !
I'm not ready but imma learn !
People with laugh out loud tweets
Made My Day 3
Thank you for following!
followed you back .
im great
Wow!
The American doctoram has gone up in 4 yrs.
Well, not really, there's been a 70 increase in food stamp benefits.
Let's blame it on GW!
I like being in and around all these brick buildings.
And no sinkholes despite the rain.
I love that when I do that last cover check b4 bed, my baby smells like warm, buttered cinnamon toast.
The best.
Thanx man!!
I'll keep you mind for a model.
Happens to me once a week.
RT : was just asked if i like usher and became very emotional
Not something that been brought up here, will donsothanks!
In a relationship, honesty and trust must exist.
If they dont, theres no point of loving.
So if you cant afford to be honest, stay single.
I love my president!
Losin' games on da way to the Championship?
WATCH: Lee Corso Awkwardly Asks 'Where's That Kid At?' During Penn State Huddle via
aye let me buy a couple of them snacks from you I can't get up!!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Fuck wit the team!
TSKG bitch  FF  the the whole team is in the bio!
FF them too!
RT Monday night is playing at Sonar in Baltimore with
: Our!
thanks diva!
you always in my heart!
My add on messenger:  thank you :
Ron Pope?
Who is this glorious man with the most amazing voice.
Gives me chills.
NP Hodgy Beats  Frank Ocean  Snow White
Who do u like better New York Knicks or Miami Heat ?
I want to go to a massage place...
Sample Curriculum Vitae or Resume ...
Best Job Applications Locker
Research based on individuals presenting for sex therapy generally finds a negative relation between...
To Artists: Keep trying, you will see the light at the end of the tunnel.
I look forward to hearing about all your successes
You are so right.
lol that's funny.
But I'm actually a third string corner back for the chargers .....
Welcome to my backyard!
Hope you find some good talent here!
At least there's great weather.
:
I LOVE that went straight to for mullet advice.
;
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
William James Quote Happy Easter
Text BRITNEY to UNITED to donate 10 to the St.
Bernard Charity which is dedicated to rebuilding homes after Katrina.
Brit
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone and a day to love someone  but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
I've already answered questions regarding governing bodies and doctorfting of definition paragraphs.
This is why I am happy we have a Ning.
hahaha.
Oh my gosh that reminds me of someone,yep it's mee..haha.:
BORROWED BEAMS OF LIGHT live!!!
on Ye Olde Tuesday Afternoone Rocke Show we dig.
Veronika is making DEATH BY CHOCOLATE VEGAN CUPCAKES!!
should be in the case by 1:00 today.
So happy Sokol Blosser has Evolution on the table at Oregon Business Assoc Statesman dinner.
Dundee like me!
Love doctorp box!
check out doctorpbox.com
Bingaman staying optimistic but admits that moving this CESbill will be a major challenge.
One step at a time.
Stop focusing on what God didnt say.
doctor Baylor
Don't worry about the battle that is raging.
Jesus makes the victory possible.
Through Christ, you are more than a conqueror.
Blessed Holy Saturday!HappyEaster.No one knew what just happened, or what would happen next.
They just trusted.Sounds familiar...:
I hope this means it's the return of the VJ.
Hot damn!
that's great...really happy for you...do you know what you'll be doing?
yeah, but I'd you're locked out, you can't really go home either
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page .
112?
textbook robbery
You read my mind.
Exactly what I was planning to do!
Progress always involves risks.
You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
Frederick Wilcox, writer
: respectfully disagree.
Science is a story and a set of facts.
The question is, who judges what counts as fact?
U following me yet?
If we were on fB, I'd do the thumbs up thing.
:
Back at the tower bar tonight, duo, 711.
Lol I know I don't know diddly about dating.
Gotta start somewhere!
So why not the safest place ever, the internet!
Lol
I wanna say thank you for following me
Lmao: Can't say because the person will know I tweeted about their arm pits.
RT : where are you at ?
That beard is just an airbag for donut collisions.
Looking forward to presenting tomorrow on Tips, Tactics  Tripwires at 33rd Annual MA EI Conf.
Both items are really cute, but I'm not a big fan of them together!
I love y'all!
How are my handsome Culver men?
:
baby:' please I'm sorry
300 plus shipping
I believe Bluetooth earpieces are commonly called ear mullets.
Alright!!!
The Twitter might start charging chain letter/messages are circulating now.
Yay!!
do you not know how the internet works?
i should start a mom porn blog with photoshop and all the mom pics i can find on twitter.
hung over...this blunt should help..
Miss your beautiful face!
I wanted to but had to go home to meet movers for quote :
I should run for office.
The Organ Scene  I have no idea what Depp was saying because I was too busy guffawing in glee  DvL
I hate the quiet bc it screams the truth
if a guys nails are longer then yours, you know there is a problem.
Studio Time
follow me back please!!!
I don't care how gay I sound, but Panic!
at the Disco were great
Your perfect for me!
WAKE UP!!!!
LOL
I love Austin's hair3 I just like wanna rape it with my fingers ;D haha Mahomie4Life MahomiesGoHard 3 ;
Having a nice chill day :
We need more vacation tweets!!
you had me at hello then you opened up your mouth and that's when it started going south
Listen to now or else you probably don't love WLUW or music and that is sad :'
im glad you been okay !!
same here !!
its been so damn hot lately, hate it
Just discovered awesome!
.
glad to be in the trenches with you!
do you have any tips for those over 40 looking to work with a recruiter and find a new career?
Michael Almereyda has made two films that share titles with different films starring Bill Paxton: Twister and Aliens.
Solaser
Thanks!
I can't wait until you can come visit.
DC Race for Mayor, Vincent Gray vs Adoctoran Fenty....Wow Gray is winning, elections results
15 minutes left and I only need 15 followers..please follow
You know you want to follow us!
Come on, even a reply would be good enough!
We love you 3
I mean, they gotta make those bitches.
Thank you so much for the words.
We'll keep on rocking!
Yeah of course!
DM?
RT I extreme excited regarding your nomination, I tried for well over 2weeks to reach n Me too.
Our caramel is gluten free.
Come visit us at Farragut Square today with DC101!
Shut up Satan, Jesus isn't in Hell and he isn't even in Heaven, He's in a ChristVilla overlooking heaven so shut up.
Don't Miss ESBN MONDAY NIGHTS  ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Industry Mtg 810  Party After 102am!!
RT RT!
What does that mean?
The one time I dont bring my wallet and I miss the bus ..
Flips table
EAT IT WITH A SHOVEL MADE OF LOVE!
Summer summer summer!
It doesn't feel like summer yet, but I'm so ready.
I located but can't find u.
No plans.
Whatever I do I'm sure it will be out of this world amazing.
I'm grateful that these things come around only once a year: Valentine's Day, Tax Day, and Mel Kiper, Jr.
Day, aka the NFL
Whoa!
Are you there?
Fri, Sat  Sun is World Economic Forum in India.
300 million people in Indian middle class now  growing.
The Sad Saga of the Vanderbilts
David's: a letter from a girl.
Focus efforts on servicing n growing customers; major endeavor  43 of co's 2 addoctorss revenue  professort growth goals
anybody on duty today 4/1?
Got a debit card issue I need looked into asap.
Thx
Night people bed time for me he:
Thanks to the folks for an awesome time!
Great job!!
He is a jackass, said President Obama.
But he's talented.
That early morning call 3  8 days away
GloriaGifford is amazing!
What an awesome acting class

Best wishes to you in your new chapter!
is intrigued by the idea of a meat bell,
just got on 69...
You probably are for asking that!
Hooray for dishwashers!
Yes, Tebow is impressive.
Must make you proud to be a Bronco fan!
Have you Tebowed This weekend?
wow i broke 3000 tweets awhile back, the fuck has my mind been?
20 years ago today came Ride's epic Going Blank Again.
Wish I hadn't already done a Ride Friday flashback jam.
FeelingLikeALoser when you have no plans on a Saturday night.
get ready to loseZ
the players know he is gone an are no longer playing for him is like to get a new gaffer an start fixing this
I think she'd be perfect with Doug.
But I'll definitely take Jef if things don't work out with her ;P
Bitch in front of me smell like hot cold cuts
Tminus 24 hours...
Jackie Martinez going global with song, Look But Don't Touch.
See it now on YouTube.com
The last 15 minutes of my shift made me one cranky SundayLibrarian.
Patrons noticed and now i have
loved the gloves Greg.
Represent the Greatness!!
in 13Days you're going to have 18,000,000 new girlfriends!
are you excited?
Very impressed with customer service.
Emailed them yesterday about an issue  FedEx'd a replacement immediately.
Goodbye Poe but DT position is deep this year
Totally new to this, and have absolutely no idea what I am doing.
Meeting is ready to begin...
so I nevr really got the time to listen to your album, but now that I hav I cant stop!!
3 PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
ur inspirational!
me too!!
But have to find hairstyles n stuff
How many kids do these GOP candidates have combined?
My math says 127, but seems low.
BORED!
I think i spend more time telling people I'm studying more than i actually study.,.....
Wait, I want one!!!
I'll bring my pogo stick!
YO.
MONOPOLY.
MY PLACE.
MY MOM MAKES BOMB ARMENIAN FOOD YOU'LL LOVE IT.
COME OVER THIS SUNDAY
DearSleep i love u!
Ok, I think we have them overconfident now.
Right where we want them.
If U follow me and and I will give u a follow back
WHAT!?!
That's coconuts!
Ran across a song on iTunes today called Ginger Pupes.
ummsir why?
I thought Rose's injury came on TNT in April.
RT : The fact that the Bulls' season could end on NBATV in May is so depressing.
I can and do report them, I just see that game type as an opportunity for those that do.
Nothing my last boyfriend didn't do to me!
On the radio this morning, GMDM stated the move was still in the works/being finalized, announced later today.
Of course!
FF: , can't wait to see y'all tomorrow night!
Happy Mothers Day ...
I didn't mean to!
I had a few doctornks at brunch today.
Was wonderful!
RT : The team has announced that Brady Quinn will wear No.
9 for the Broncos.
I'm so jealous!
Lucky :
For the eyes of the LORD range throughout the earth to strengthen those whose hearts are fully committed to him.
2 Chronicles 16:9
what do I do.?
Oh, c'mon Google.
You like Tumblr tag pages for your search results?!?
Boyfriend and Turn To You are just amazing 3 I can't wait to hear all the other songs : they're gonna be just as flawless 3
It was fantastic meeting and Robbie tonight in San Antonio.
Thank you!
So nice to hear that.
I wish I could've stayed in your arms all night.3
There are more movies in the theater that I want to see then there has been in a long time.
Do they sell all day passes?
Last month in SF, I walked by the CBS Interactive bldg  wondered what sites they owned.
Turns out CNET  some junk sites.
f u
YES RT : thrilled to be with as VP demand sales working with the leading demand customers to grow real time trading
Oh how I need some motivation to clean this house!
I seem to be nailed to the sofa  phone!
So lazy, maybe music will help...green tea...
There is a human hand on the raptor!
o.o JurassicPark ...
o.o
AMAHigherEd schedule myths about the environment.
What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?'
So many work days could benefit from the intrusion of elder god tentacles...
This sucks!!
Work week has started for me
RT : I don't mind when stupid people show up in my  column.
They help me entertain y'all.
What Is Madison's Middle Name?
I still got my scarf on, idgaf lol I refuse to let my hair frizz up today 
We had an amazing time playing with the fae at last nights Terra Mysterrium show.
Pictures will be coming soon.
So my poker BR is 100us.
Any advice as to how I can increase my roll.
Except sngs.
Pros please help.
Thank you
Opportunities come to those who create them...
Fingers tired yet?
We're just getting started!
Sorry that I haven't posted for two days.
Holiday weekends are hard.
Back to my week of CJ today, though!
Shout from Alaska!
really is it a new or old episode cause my lil cuzin is watchin it too
going to show this Sunday!!
please update the iPhone app.
Its too slow, and for a better word it SUCKS!!!
Ommggg BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT
GHS English acad team 1st in class 3.
Have to wait until noon tomorrow to see if score of 16 will advance them to state.
I'd say a 59 in golf, 60 points in hoops.
I'd say your 2 returns in one game ranks up there realtalk
haha i could sneak you in my luggage?
Happy to have received a letter from 15 year old Amanda who is studying American government at school!
Keen.com
Hollie ..
I love you so much.
My mom and I were crying so hard when you performed.
It was incredible.
we want to recruit awesome gov web writers to HowToize content on howto.gov
did I see u outside dd's last night?
Prettiest thing a women can wear is confidence.
Reflection  challenge are awesome  SO important but why does it need to come from topdown reforms?
shrugs
Candles and relaxation.
What more could I want!
Spring clean your engine, new air filter, new wipers, new fluids, new cabin air filter, new spark plugs, new brakes, new feron in a/c system
Gonna take a lover Gonna take her back to Somerville Don't care if she's pretty as we leave Suck City Permice Brothers, Somerville
Funny thing is the guy is a friend of mine, I just didn't know.
How are going with those Dell Huddle B2B podcasts?
Any chance I might be able to help with some of the editing?
Shes Hands Down The Most Motivational Player On  Off The Field ..
NOONE Else Deserves It But Her !
Yaa Know ?!
:
Very true.
The NorthwesternMutual ad played on NCAA games sounds like violin torture.
Stop the madness!
RT  The Cleveland Indians finally called up prospect 3B Lonnie Chisenhall to the Majors today!
Finally, my keeper 3rd ...
u shuld hit mah follow button ya 
was checking out the space and saw bein' all coworky and productive there.
Throat hurts so, my voice is nonexistent, reduced to barely a whisper.
Those around me are, no doubt, rooting for the cold virus.
That new ink I bought?
Collard green, macaroni and cheese, green beans.....coconut pineapple cake with ginger ale
wow such a little smart ass you are grow up
Can't wait to get the 2012 tin !
Richard Carmona Finest Few Low Riders Joins The 2010 MLK Day Youth ParadeHouston And The 2010 MLK Grande ParadeHouston
Katy perry is a really bad actress.
Lol especially in her part of me video.
But her voice is amazing.
of course!
: we have 19 of them so I'll let you know when a good matchup at home comes along :D
No more bus tours talking about povertyWe need to fundoctorisers and investors to create wealth.
See our videos from Cambodia and the Philippines on www.youtube.com/planetwaterlive
Should also put it on your resume.
Couldn't hurt.
I've had a good week Hope things get better for you!
Character is what you are in the dark.
John Whorfin
Morning to all hit me up if you need your hair braided or retwisted
Happy Birthday and congratulations on your successful shows!!
I didn't even know I was nominated.
Thanks!
In Denver waiting for the next flight.
thanks so much for the bcbg skirt coming so fast in the mail..
great fit and i love it!
Happy St.
Patricks Day!!
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U!
I LOVE U SO MUCH  HAVE FUN IS ASIA!
8
11'11 isn't just a time isnt just a boy..
Alright i can't hold it anymo...
ILOVEYOUSOMUTCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
he in the bed wit one now!!!!
thanks for following!
We hope you'll stop by our theatre and enjoy some of the great actresses that grace our stage.
or myspace!
lol
u a damn fool
Ha, good one.
My Klout score must be through the roof!
;
sign us up!
Come visit the Tech Lab's new laptop work station and cozy chair!
Reached 300 pages, finally!
Don't have time to stop and celebrate, though, must keep going...
Guys, you know what the most expensive thing in the world is?
A girl that is free for the evening
Thank you guys I appreciate the intros so far.
Still doin big things!!
Bigger things to come!!
ur not alone in ur lust 4 Kate, plenty of guys think she's hot.
I just think there are models that are way more attractive.
to beat your story length, they would need to read the Bible, aloud, in its entirety.
I didn't check the weather.
I did, however, prevent a Marilyn Monroe situation before coming to work.
hahaha oh goodness!
Mine was about Kendall from BTR.
RT RT Youngbloodz Performing live this weekend in Atlanta stay tune or dm for Details!!
If I were a terrorist, in the US or Europe, and I were not stupid, the last thing I would wear is a burka.
Nussbaum
And no, I'm not hungover.
The Future of Tailgating is at Slyderfootball.com
: I'm not single, I'm just in a long distance relationship with the person who lives in my future.: the most awesome tweet ever
Ryan Braun has more than that...
;
For maximum enjoyment, size your garden to suit your schedule
Team Wags Walk 4 Autism would like to send thanks for your generous donation!Please visit Chicago Diner Veggie Rest.in Chicago
thanks sweetie pie I appreciate it
So excited for Thanksgiving that you're craving turkey today?
Come get our Turkey Scallopini burger, it.
is.
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!
love you :
Time to go into the editing Dungeon, lol
figuring out what to do next after my season in switzerland.
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Reports Record Revenues and professorts for First Quarter of 2012
I wish I could get over a 100...thats not even possible for me...
Come on now.
You know All Along The Watchtower is a cover, right?
When we go to hear Matthew Weiner speak at MFA Boston 9/29, I hope he'll addoctorss how they decide what events to doctorp in, e.g.
Andoctorw Goodman
RT : Latest 2nd round senarios: If LAC wins Game 6 vs Memphis, Game 1 vs.
Spurs is Sun at noon; Game 2 is Tuesday at 8:30 ...
Oxford University's Internet Institute has published its first digital, interactive textbook for students  whic..
blah I hate work
Great Standup comedy coming to Philly this Saturday 11/26 www.conniesricrac.com
Pretty depressed morning, with upcoming biopsies and such.
Try to be glad and gleeful, but the frankenstein in my id get the better of me.
Sometimes being single just sucks then other times its like woo freedom but right now it sucks
Oh what to do, what to do...
Lots of decisions but thankful to have them!
Cindy SO GLAD you are cancerfree 1  THANK YOU so much for registering as an angel to help another!
B WELL!!
Good Morning SATown!
Its Friday  time 4 the bootybounce on w/ XavierTheFreakinRican BiggiePaul Spurs doctorve for 5 continues
I did not watch the first season on tv, but I thought that's what one of my friends who did watch it on tv said happened.
game fuck with cha boy its westside till hell rise
D Harris is semi injuryprone, Farmar may get a couple starts under his belt.
You think D Fish will resign with the Lakers?
There are some seriously wacked out people in the world.
It's not pretty when those people find social media.
Oh, man Messing's pregnant!
Are you showing bold enthusiasm in your life?
Merry Christmas from We close today  3pm  are closed Sat Dec 25.
reopens on Sunday, Dec 26.
Thank you!
We're so excited!
I'm jealous!
: yu must be fskw?man I be chillen free writing :
Some girls on my bus today where talking about 1D and said Liam and Niall arnt cute!
I wanted to kill them!
And they kept saying Zayn's ...
PHOTO BOOTHS PERFECT FOR ALL EVENTS, LIKE WEDDINGS,REUNIONS,ETC.
4 HOUR SPECIAL 895 UNLIMITED,WE SERVE NORTHERN CALIFORNIA 18884424023
is interpreting my doctoram from last night.
Be jealous, !
I would KILL to see a Pacific sunset.
Relax, Don, you're in paradise.
Soon enough bro!!!
;D
I was just playing....
chill
lol ,not me I gotta start paying bills next month :
I'm going to partake by doctornking more wawine !
Glad you like the song though.
It deserves some airplay love.
Tell your Seattle peeps.
if I look inside your brain..
I really like Screenflow, but use Screeny for great quick oneoffs.
Thanks for the tweet about our app Courtenay!
RT : If you want to expand the library, build on its holdings, not just the building.
Hot wings and a blue gatorade
already planning Christmas gifts...
oy.
I'll follow you till you love me papa paparazzi!!!
Hahaha
Elsewhere by Gabrielle Zevin: Live life backwards...
THEY STILL HANGING AROUND.
Mayu, fairtrade, handknit alpaca accessories are now sold in Taiwan!
Woowho, spreading the Fair Trade alpaca love to Asia.
www.shopmayu.c
Did you know NoelCoward wrote his first play, The Rat Trap at the age of 18?
Learn more at the exhibition!
RT : The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.swedish proverb
Hey!!
If u can, Check out on Fox Biz today.
VS Industries/our family biz will be on!!
Thanks much Cavuto team!!
Just picked up my new andoctorid phone.
I love unboxing new toys!
Ok kool...
and no thank you
yeah.
Because his playing is so different between this year and last year.
There may be no greater tribute to Steves success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented.
Seeds of greatness blossom in the season of greatest needs.
Kevin W.
McCarthy
I hope you go AFC west to crush the broncos 2x/yr for skipping you.
Plus that means you won't crush the
I'm thinking...
I'm thinking...
This is going to be a great weekend!!!
PLS FOLLOW ME JUSTIN
Visit us on Saturday at the Trek Women's Triathlon expo in Pleasant Prairie and the Rock  Sole expo on Sunday at the Summerfest grounds.
Thank you for the link.
She blinded me with silence.
Charles Higham dies at 81; controversial celebrity biographer  Los Angeles Times
I check into places at foursquare right before I leave.
im bout to go in on twitter today, nigga bored as hell, fuck the todays topic i got my own........Bitch im Loui V
Just recorded 3 teachers for our Classnotes podcast on STEM ed in high minority high school.
Escaping from the normal into the extranormal
Budget lapse plan passes the Joint Finance Committee, 124.
I've loved and i've lost .
Folks I think I finally found the auto tweet app that I had set up to experiment with and have turned it off.
Apologies for the nuisance
Good Morning to Everyone:
Good afternoon tweeties!
had the best time in Vieques!!
Lots of reviews and photos of the island on my blog :
And for that to change, THEY have to change.
Awareness about these issues must start there, in their personal lives.
She's still sleeping : I'm bored
Lets Do This Then

Just gotta breathe cause my head is hurting from all this crap
Everyone at Birdsall Law Offices is wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy Holidays!
doctorgrace Chad Michaels is the epitome of style and grace.
The new old face of doctorg, my vote's going to CHAD MICHAELS!!!!!
Jonas Brothers Make Us Happy 3
Thanks for your kind words about the post and thanks for taking the time to let us know about the comment problem.
Boo to flight delays and injurious sweets.
Emailing you a clip.
And a word doc with common comments: Works cited in alphabetical order, you damn heathen!
and so on.
...a waiter told her he used to work at a US base.
Some of his friends promised great jobs in Dubai, taken to Iraq  injured.
now I'm going to sleep, Saturday you're mine tomorrow ;
uh huh!
Lol
There's a Michelinrated joint in the Wynn Macau with a house poet who will compose a few lines for you when you get seated.
I wanna watch!
M
Morning!
Oh really?
well let us know who and what products : U know we're all about sharing 3
I knew.
It was obvious.
Marty's bi; but Doc is all about the teenaged booty.
trio in stereo are done recording..
now off to mastering finalizing some things for the art etc.
i love it when a plan comes together
I wish someone would holler out of a chicken truck at me, don't take that for granted.
now that i've figured out what that professorssor wants it seems so easy, almost, to easy...
hm
Can you explain this to me because I am struggling with this Tebow dude?
Game of Thrones
Enough with the labels already, we need to move forward with an agenda for our community.
re: Hispanic vs Latino label
cool it I'm joking mono boy
OPPRESSORS.
THEY ARE HARMING INNOCENT PEOPLE AND NEED TO BE CONDEMNED AND THEY WILL BE.
WHY DON'T YOU BLINK?
SHE IS A GENETIC SOMETHING
Pappy Van Winkle is instock and ready for the Holidays!
Come get it while supplies last!
Perfectly said.
RT : We love this team, but damn...
dividend day!
Woo!
I don't want to say exactly how long it's been...
But just know some good sex is well overdue
Passion is the genesis of genius.
Tony Robbins
lol so you can doctorss like a slut ;p
Wine sale, 10 select wines
Listening to my sister prattle about music.
and a shout out to you all for hosting such a wonderful event!
we appreciate everything that you have done!
seriously.
It wasn't right!
But I had a simultaneously productive and indulgent saturday, so I'm feeling alright!
The weekend is here  yeah!
Rain or no rain who cares, time to spend with our family and good friends.
Hope you all do the same.
Look!
A chance to wear hats in school!
9/23  PFO Hat Day, Bring 1 and wear a hat!
doing my best to pimp out your art...
hope you don't mind the mentions.
it going well actually.
Thanks for asking.
I like your stuff very nice.
We're just getting started.
It's exciting.
A huge thank you to our Veterans!
May God bless our men and women in uniform who make the sacrifices daily to keep us safe at home.
Either works!
: 
We are sorry to hear that.
We do test the batteries before they go out but just in case one is bad, we always send an extra.
So I'm heading out the door...with one eye open 4 any of teamponytail members.
Oh, they're everywhere
Teaching myself kinematics and.
Dynamics for the fucking FE exam is brutal.
Need some smart food to get smarter
Many are calling for Ocho to have a big game on Saturday..I don't see it..How will he miraculously turn the page on this ugly season..?
Who has a pool?
I want to lay out today.
Just got to work.
It's my Friday with a busy weekend ahead.
Hawks Cay for July 4
what kind?
Flying out within a day to India to join Team Sheru Classic.
Thanks for watching and we just filmed 20 new videos last wk
But they're just afraid of somethin' they can't understand.
Moring twitter.....M its nyc to b back....
To one of my favorite pro athletes of all time, fabulous career.
Humbled to witness win 200 in person 
That was not the Britney tribute I was expecting and to cut it at 20 seconds to announce Beyonce?
That was FUCKED UP!
:
Pulling Bryz did a lot for ya, huh flyers?
iOS and Andoctorid Engineers  Ratio is where the cool hang out.
Come hang with us!!!
deal.
I better hear that after every shot tonight you give the infamous NBA jam catch phrase he's on fire
I was always a doctoramer, in childhood especially
the guy who offered 'the b00by trap' is correct...
Can you send again?
I get so many that are junk it is hard to locate the right ones.
The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
One week out from three launch of the 2012 San Diego Family Expo!
Thanks for spreading the word about Tacos!
Dang two old conan obryan in one week.
I meant the original building, not the redesign.
Redesign is dimeadozen.
are you working at Salut this afternoon?
I will be getting a doctornkski after work.
Plus he was looking at the clock and fouled at the last second.
That's smart basketball.
All these blessings will come on you, and overtake you, if you wil listen to the voice of the LORD your God.Deuteronomy 28:2
Yeah, I'll be working with the Ames PAO team.
So much cool stuff
The River is one of the most insane, trippy, shows I've ever seen!
North Carolina Governor Beverly Perdue's comment about how Amendment 1 makes NC look like Mississippi...
BOOM
I'm obsessed with shoes..
you're my 100th follower!
:D thanks!
Done with my freshman year of college.
Praise the Lord.
woot woot.....glad u are....I need my coffee to kick in
Today in 1864, the H.L.
Hunley becomes the first submarine to engage and sink a warship, the U.S.S.
Housatonic.
The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss.
Author Unknown
It was a sprain or strain but he returned to action during the season
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
Herodotus
My pleasure!
3rd girl came up to me and told me to make a tumblr just now...
do you ever wonder if the stars shine out for you...?
PLEASEALSO FOLLOW WE NEED YOU
Stop sending SPAM!!!
on the bus with Heaven and Christina , Delaney.
informative RT The older you get, the earlier you go to bed and the earlier you wake up.
ha!!!
Great pic
CAKE CAKE CAKE COME AN PUT UR NAME ON IT...
../
Thanks for the RT!
:
take it as a good thing!!
:
the kids bop kids was at my job singing it all say now i love it 
Looking for a volunteer to coordinate street musicians for our event!
Email if interested.
I have about 8 books that have been sitting on my desk that I haven't fully read...guess who's becoming 10x more of a reading fiend.
never ever too early talk.........
Ty for wishing me a happy bday
Do you have a moodle platlform?
That would give you their logon time.
Oh no!
Maurice Sendak.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Hilarious!
RT : Tired of being single?
Go sleep on the couch for a night and remember what it feels like to be in a relationship.
Up early with for
Fashion night out was a great success!!!
Nicole richie was awesome!
And rodeo doctorve was packed!!
Did anyone attend ?
Raible next on NWSports tonight on
It's that day when half of America goes around wondering why people have dirt all over their faces.
This is why I deleted last time cause I never even tweet
Dear CNN: Is it really necessary to give so much info on the POTUS whereabouts in Afghanistan right now?
I, too, love the Sunday coupons!
I'm old school, though, I read it every morning, then catch up online.
determines how well you do it.
glad someone does!!
never got that text 
not til after.
hey whats up!?
YES!
RT : Ron Worth asks: ...do you find competition intense, limited resources/time, need to do more w/ less dollars?
Bye ,going to bed ,sweet doctorams :
Urgent Prayer Request!
My aunt Christine just passed away.
Ori left after that too.
She didnt stay.
There are many black people who DO feel the same way I do about gay marriage.
President Obama being one of them.
If I do come then I will def see the show!
Assuming I could get tix....
Know which battles to fight and which battles to walk away from.
Yeah, I'm, like, not here for the show, man.
RT : THIS.
: And just because NYC is diverse, doesn't mean people are living a diverse lifestyle.
great show at !
Thank you Rickie and for having us out there!
He love the way I ride it 
Backing Bands: Sagittarius Band and Code Red
Listening to Debussy's piano works while playing MW3 is the only way to play.
I feel like you could grow to love almost anyone.
Its just that most people don't give everyone a chance
Maybe it has to do with Fruit of the Loom.
Is there a pear/pair connection?
and kobes shoes are gay
JAVA Architect US Citizen Green Card Consulting Position
can you rap about something else?
It just sounds like your saying the same thing over  over.
It's boring not Tweeting.
Moving to the chi n a 2 years
Stupid Valentines day x.x
it won't let me follow you for some reason...
And I checked out your videos there great :D
vs.
good old fashioned beer fight.
4/8 Tues.
7pm.
12 amazingly hard to find beers.
1 coveted chalice!
lol get yo retarded self outta my mentions haha
Good stuff in the book room, including the new Chabon novel, as well as Irvine Welsh's Skagboys, and new Mark Helprin.
I'm only arrogant when my confidence clashes with your insecurities.
u a Real Lady then I hate chicks that get Gasses up cause thirsty niggas in they face.U Real Stay Trill Babe
Need new musick!
Mention me and give me some ideas and ill follow yuh if yuh follow back
i don't feel good :
think they are just moving on to bigger/better things.
Heard their contract was up and they just didn't renew it.
CAN YOU TELL ME WHY YOUR NOT COMING TO FLORIDA?!?!
:
My son is trying to teach me how to eat sunflower seeds.
God I love you.
If u don't like or respect me for who I am then
nice job opening w/stories on Knicks, Rangers and Yankees.
NYC losses much more important than anything anywhere else
boored...its just me and now
OMG: RADIO IRIS by up in this piece  this book is dynomite
The countdown is on!
6 days left till school starts!
Hope everyone is ready to go back!
you're my favorite.
CC
w/ the power of content distribution becoming democratized, how will that affect traditional content creators?
Youve got that ONE THING !
Yes, we're wearing our red in TX, too!
Gov.
Walker is trying to force WI teachers to be as badly off as the ones in TX!
Uhh no i start work soon!!!
Upcoming meetings in NYC AND San Francisco are getting set and almost confirmed...
I'm excited...
this cell project is a bitch
Still trying to get tickets to the UNC Duke Game!
haha yeah unfortunately I dont know how to swag like you.
lol
Hwy 30 is closed at Nielson Road in Troutdale, due to a downed power line.
Well...
I think it's obvious that I'm not in a good mood...
:/
trying to write a song so far i have written a few words and its not the best ...
bu i gotta start sumwher u no...
i dont have an iphone!!!
Have felt supremely unproductive this morning...but this is a facade.
I'm settling into something new.
Good things.
college educated girl :
I'm 18 , I can't date her .
She's to young hahah...oh rlly ?
Yes I do!
When haven't I answered you?!
Bummed about the Preds :
How people take the game for granted
Amazing, have a great time!
Now everyone can breathe MT : UW met with Uthoff and announced transfer restrictions have been lifted except for Big 10 schools
Waiting at the carwash
The Only Place Best Coast
Hooray!
Thanks for using ShowClix.
Have a great time at the event :
Just hanging at the beach on Christmas Eve, no big deal.
Motorcade has I66 west shut down, except for my orange line train.
Which is a good thing.
Jeff George on line 3.
i might be able to, ill let ya know tomorrow
Never had much use for a saucer, myself.
Once they can sit up, give them a safe floor area to move around in!
Word.
Like I said, as a MacHead, I EXPECT everything.
But I obviously expect to pay for it.
So no surprise.
Listening to young forever by ready set pumped up to skate now!
SUPERFAN!
Revel in it.
Mueller: Visualizing twenty years of C with Google motion chart
we'll be back tonight !
Idk what time.
lol, I didn't think so either.
I started thinking bout my old toys I really started crying : sigh
I get more red zone action from your mom.
the lighting effects that.
Put it in a darker area and then it will look better.
doing great!
How about you?
Tablestakes is how much you need to switch brands.
No more.
amahigphered Do you agree?
Room is filling up for Grand Challenge talk
Just had a good d group leaders meeting.
I really love n appreciate those men.
Blake Griffin is still begging for calls.
Talking about cinco de mayo with and Julie says I thought it was the 12th hahahaha
There's not one day that goes by that I don't think of the queen,
is it Jeremy's birthday or something?
Space Adventure Film a Potential Trouble Spot for Disney
You're welcome : nice to see another guy
!!!
RT : JUST GOT MY CAR WASHED TODAY.....
GLAD ITS IN THE GARAGE IN THIS RAIN RIGHT NOW
People I appreciate!
Get out of my head and fall into my arms instead.
Good luck at the doctors Jason, your Derulers are with you.
Positive : Just think about your Derulers ILoveYou :
thanks baby!
RT : Our lives a series of defining moments, strung together by passing time.
Frederick Jezegou
Even if you sing it?
dope that's my specialty!!!
The Doors are open, now its up to you to make the most of your weekend.
lays down the music tonight!
ill still chill with u guy calm down !!!!
a OBV.
b You're not an old lady.
RT Can the old lady join you guys ?!?
:
Cut your hair brother.
These new Party Slayerz tracks are fucking rad!!!
Demand in your town!!!
Lol.
It's a Bentley in my mind.
Taco shop n Bonita has great food but absolutely horrible service with register people who look like they don't give a shit bout u
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Flora Whittemore
It must be your hours.
I write every Sunday, like clockwork.
:
Clippers ain't in Lob City tonight smh
RT : TroyDavis was innocent  the premeditated murder by the State of Georgia was nothing but a slowmotion legal lynching.
I could have made that 3
teach that cat how to spell
Special Pregame Ceremonies for all 3 Aztec BB Games this weekend.
Please get there early.
Expect sellouts and traffic.
Fun day w/ my Grandma D
Nothing better after a long day than
Good morning err body!
According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.
Good morning and happy new year!!
Fox announces deal with Ryan Seacrest to continue as A.I.
host.
Must be nice to be Ryan Seacrest.
Does everyone want to vacation at the beach?
100 CD inserts and Cd's thermal printing and duplicated for 59 inbox me for details.....
Thanks.
Dude's being nasty, oh well, c'est la vie.
I cried DesperateHousewives is over.
Ill miss Wisteria Laneall my friends  the rest.Thank U
how old r u and how long have u been in the bizzness urawesome!
save it for Barclays Grand Opening
Not a bad day.
I've combed through 53 pages out of 273.
1st of 2 remaining edits before publication.
Only 10 more days to go.
Yikes!
Brother just ordered me a new MAC charger..
Despite how he acts, I know that he loves me.
Lol.
more akin to asking you...
Awesome.
Definitely interested in getting a set.
Now they just need to make it easier to acquire them!
Its Hot AF In Walmart
I thrill to complaints about the post office and the particular horrors of each location but guys: the USPS iPhone app is super functional
Looking forward to tomorrow  interviewing both Umphey'sMcGee  Howler Please pass on any questions you want to ask
Postelectroheavycoreultrarock legends Trans Am reunite for epic reunion shows!
Live your doctorams!
Available now for bookings!
The deal is pretty specific.
But we create minty 2 color designs all the time.
What did you have in mind?
Started reading the new book last night.
In love!
I actually went to one before this last startup weekend!
They taught us how to use git and push an app to Google App Engine.
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.
Paul Tournier
Thank you for following!
Already planning for ASTD.
Who else is attending astd2012 in Denver this year?
flying frog!?
may i borrow?
just found out that if you press the space bar it scrolls down...
Second USF Bulls Goal disallowed by the NCAA Refs, both were offsides.
Good Morning...that ish is so true man.
just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybody's head
Rick Scott wants to be held accountable
Heartattack From the Couch to the Computer : A New Take on Therapy Title: From the Couch to the Computer : A New Take on Therapy Category:
they had a shot!
That would have been amazing!
Live radio phonein on the Soccer Sam show promoting FANSHOES fashion show event slated for Nov, 20th  the German house on Gregory St.
Not an endorsement, just an invitation for someone to point out someone else.
I know nothing of politics, but that which I've seen.
Great minds think alike!
SIT AND SPIN MERCURY AND MARS!!!!
Informative day  HBA expo.
Eating vietnamese food as I read through all the information.
Lee Greenwood playing at NFL doctorft is awesome!!
cc
RT : withoutmy heart, Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.
great aunt carol
This Mariner team doesn't score enough to win consistently.
Fans will continue to experience heartbreak until that changes.
Kid: Do you have Scrample?
Me: Scrumple?
Kid: Scruble?
Me: Scumble?
Kid: Scumple?
Me: The sequel to Saavy?
Kid: Yeah.
RT : At to work w the Kogod business school today; Preparing to be blown away by students' ideas for
I miss Paseo!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Been back in Austin for 30 min  I don't know why I haven't had a taco yet.
Ahaha!
What tweet did you read?!
:
just Fin working on new song with JAY DOGG..
Making the BIG12 Happ!
Thanks for the FF and I hope your weekends are full of excessive fun!
Cuse really extending that zone now, gotta get a bucket in the paint.
shells .
QA: Is the SD87 GA Airsoft Pistol grip CQB Shotgun a good airsoft gun?
you're terrible.
:P
Congrats 2 KingJames But the Pacers R A Very Good Team not Going 2 be easy MIA HEAT
I do hope they pee.
I hope they pee and have to sit in all day for liking such a monster.
That's what's up!!
Low key I already know what u on!!!!!
ah....fudge

Go Jets!
well peace out imma go to the oral surgeon
if it is we're both weird.
hahahaha
Fantastic job Scotty, you should be very proud of yourself, you were a natural.
I've hit the wall.
You could only use the It's for a contest line so many times, before customers realize your a desperate liar.
Gaga Is Our Crazy Pants
agreed.
Though ones that I also deem deserving.
wow!
So many new followers!
We're booked all this week but have some spots open for next week.
www.pghgreenclean.com
Lenny Kravitz Reissues 'Mama Said,' From When His Life Was 'Spinning'
Excellent service from Abigail  Suzanne at the business suites reception desk at SandtonSun hotel today.
Amoura Productions is looking for a WordPress Webpage designer, send samples of your work  resume to
If you are listening in to the Content  Scope mtg and want to ask a question, please tweet!
thanks for sending me the info about KY budget.
Life's been crazy.
Got 2 foster kids into the house this week.
Big adjustment!

Just our of pure curiosity.....
Favorite animal?
Big news tomorrow at 1 PM about my single!
Keep checking for updates
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!
Hmm.
better skill position players, weaker division, decent O line..who does Miami have on the line besides Long?
we are pumped for your MKE branch!
Fun times ahead
should of came to school today , little nacho lol
is there an easy to way change how the username is displayed on your forum plugin?
i.e not displaying the full email addoctorss
How dare YOU....all of you!
So are headlines with the wrong words apparently
Where's the leagueleading Power Play goal specialist?
11:39pm???
Time for me to take a trip to this place called SLEEP :
VM on your cell or an old school answering machine?
It's always fun to hear messages on speakerphone.
Been working on it with , I'll keep you posted, my friend!
Cholesterol Levels in the U.S.
on the Decline
We love Full House here too!
We miss the 90s :
Everyone is a photographer these days
Some of you can not see the journal questions on D2L.
I have to reupload them as .docs it's not a quick process.
Maybe UWMUITS can explain
I'm honored 2 be on a panel w/doctor for the Scripps Quality Summit March 9 talking about patient care  genomic medicine!
FOLLOW ME BACK LETS NETWORK
Denver Browns defeat Red Sox 53 and Uptown Browns lose 51 to Grays.
: New ep of PUNKD tonight.
targets and Watch it with your eyes.Can't wait!
Lonely at
NHL maybe?
whosleft NY vs.
LA for the cup?
Maybe Phoenix?
IDK
Get me the ef home already.
Hear that.
RT : the Tupac hologram maker should be president.
THAT's the kind of shit we were promised in grade school.
ain't THAT the truth
So FireLeyland pulls Kelly for a pinch hitter that GIDP's, and then puts the kid with the bad hammy in center field.
Hi we just emailed you links to our artists music, let us know what you think Thanks again guys!
Much Appreciated!
RT RT : If you make your past your present it will inevitably be your future.
Hint for tomorrows awesome deal: Its a protein powder packed with 7 fast acting creatine to help you put on serious muscle mass
huge congrats on the race!
Way to go!
So its confirmed..
we are the official sponsors for British Supersport rider Dean Hipwell for the 2012 season!!
Heading to the green mill in a few to hear dave douglas  co.
awwyeah
I think part of the message from the report was the reluctance to install an apps.
studnts want features native on phone os
Today..exactly one year ago i remember getting doctorssed for my 10:30am graduation.
The feeling was surreal.
Get a mentor today if you want to be successful.
It is the things we do not see that hinder our success!
congratulations!
I'm sure she's beautiful!
ladygaga has some pretty dumb lookin hair cuts.
thank you: 
im not sad just feeling all jumpy :p
Youre not normal...
Nice work, BJ!
By the way, and I saw you at Benelux on Sunday, but we didn't get a chance to say hi.
So, hi!
:
If I had to choose I rather have common sense than be Smart!
CUZ smart folks still do stupid shit
Merry Christmas to all of the College of William  Mary community from the Society for the College!
RT : This just in:  just signed on as a sponsor to keep cfachi IdeaHack moving forward!!
I will be back tomorrow!!
So excited to see u guys!
I definitly need to check it out then.
The tax code is not your private playpen with which to pick winners and losers in the marketplace.
some girls buy shoes and handbags as shopping therapy.
i bought a gas powered edger.
;
no!!!
Tell twitter to fix this!
Bruce Webber said part of the reason he went to KSU was because of tradition
It's NOT Sunday?
In complete denial
USA vs France in Women's World Cup 2day.
11:30 pregame, 12 kick off on ESPN.
EVERYONE WATCH AND SUPPORT THE USA WOMEN!!!!

she said go to social stream  not the chat : thank you for pointing this out.
We believe that Buffalo is one of the greatest cities in the USA'!
Get out party!
;
: Too many putas on twitter, I'm taking my talents to IG send em my way boss lol
Sadly, not.
Thanks for saying so though!
xoxo
Collizion crew went home: aw.
You had me at taquitos.
I hate being tired all the damn time.
Great to have you in!
Full moons bring out the crazy
My guitar case just broke, what else could go wrong today?
:/
Major Payne is Clearly on...
Yayy
yo wiz I like that new song Mary 3x stay up tgod
Oh no!!
Are you still coming to Chicago?!?!
Looking for people in Tuscon or Scottsdale area of Arizona interested in starting up a prosetsgolf.com rentals outlet.
i would but i dont know you bro.
Never b scared 2 talk 2 a Gurl the worst thang she can say is no
Yankees game tomorrow in NY, Lakers playoff game Sunday in LA, Ink appointment with on Monday then to Toronto on Tuesday...
Man had fun bowlin last nite
omigosshhh Roc Prince Ray And Prod they R so hott sexxy and all tht stuff i am having a mini heart attack
Got 5 different flavors on sale Flavors don't taste fake, love creamy texture.
What a great find!
RT Getting in an arguement with a girl is like being arrested, Because anything you say can and will be used against you.
thats so mean
iloveitwhen I can act silly around my friends...and they stick around.
Yey!
oh my god that's terrible!
Scary how some people get.
Good thing you stepped up!
go away...
or I shall taunt you again for a second time!
There are spots available for our PowerPoint Level 1 class April 4 at the North Run campus.
DM us for details if you're interested!
Watching The Two Towers extended edition and working.
Leaving Portland now headed to the sunshine state.
Portland I will be back.
Yes
M, could really go for a Tampico popsicle right about now!
How about you?
;
Chastin West is trending hard...this kid can play some football it's too bad he won't get any playing time
It's easier to turn a friendship into love, than to turn love into a friendship.
lol might be a stretch, but I hope you're right.
Grady needs to stop breaking apart.
When Jason Peters ruptured his Achilles a few wks ago, the timeline for his return was 11 months.
Don't expect to see Terrell Suggs in 2012.
I just want time to go by a little slower sometimes
aww thanks man!
Hopefully we can grow enough to go on tours with the bands we sponsor!
Are you related to Tyrone Hopson who played for Earlington , Ky.
State Champs in 1967?
Silversun Pickups  GunShy Sunshine 
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 20
love it.
Is that a band?
No, an already ridiculously long playoff format is needlessly doctorgged on by playing 2 extra games to achieve the same results.
The pleasure we obtain from music comes from counting, but counting unconsciously.
Music is nothing but unconscious arithmetic.
G.W.Leibniz
Not sure about for part, but you might check out RAISING VICTOR VARGAS, QUINCEANERA,  of course, REAL WOMEN HAVE CURVES.
Tate Forcier 5  A Michigan Man Forever  Go Blue
Cam Newton?
Really?
WTF?
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
Famalam you don't stand a chance hahahaha!
People that take their sweet fucking time crossing the street  move
They should give you a new name: George Forman.
Because you're always up in my grill.
I love you, thanks for hanging in there with me last year, hopefully it will be a year of Love and prayerfully marriage
shit.
doctorpped my socks in the toilet.
You walk around like you run the world, running your mouth and talking about me now.
It's gonna come back around and you're just gonna lose.
Almost to the slopes chyea
Had free tix to see X with Ray Manzarek tonight at Slim's but passed...watching DVR'd Oprah and regretting that decision.
Heading down to the National Mall to do some NPS Passport stamping with our bikes!
9 1/2 hours of sleep last night.
I feel caught up now after a wonderful weekend.
Be blessed all.
Hope to see you ALL  Resurrection Sunday Service 10:30am Victory Church of God 224 East Monroe Avenue, Grants, NM 87020 Hear NM News  View
curried chix salad or french toast??
Came for chili...clearly this is becoming a problem/addiction...
i so proud of you Vic!
you are really talented and sweet..
you have come so far!!
i love you
I have 2 free tix for the Panthers game in one hour..
I can't go since I'm working!
Know anyone ?
I'm at the hotel.
It'd be great if I could breathe out of my right nostril.
Other than that, great weekend!
writing for personal fulfillment; volunteer to help young souls find their voices in urban lit
ohh and when.
It isn't hers she will be embaressed as hell.
And if it is his she will be charged willrape
haha: pretty name
LBP Herniated disc Migraines Women's health fibromyalgia chronic pain neck pain acupucture chiropractic medicine
Why Stand Above?
When You Can Walk Amungst.
Walk With Me  I With You!!
yeah it was great : wbu?
NEA PushPush Plannining program off to a much better start than first thought.
Brainpower!
Back home in Vero.
IU shoots 58 in 1st half and still down 3?....
I like our chances in 2nd half
Great discussion at mmtcforum on Spectrum Crunch
Catching up on posts from when I was away.
I have to say, I don't understand intensity of opinion semicolon debate in JavaScript community
Congrats Sarah!
lazy sunday...
If I plan to have sex and enjoy it, I don't expect someone, especially the government be paying for it.
Off to Verizon to get my phone set...they need to fix this bullshit now!!!
Samesies RT : I can't believe that I am still interested in the Bucks with the Brew Crew right on the horizon
wonders when vomit art will debut at an art house near me
Christina Aguilera is playing the no pants game.
I am always at the tail end of TheGame I need the marathon ASAP
They are all terrified of Tami.
And Tami takes pride in that.
Having people afraid of you is not something to which you should aspire.
is compiling a list of good professor resume writers, esp for IT leaders, CIO.
If U know one, pls share to .
tonight will go down in history as the great trivia fail of winter '12.
but I suppose things could be worse.
could be 12.
HJ, the celebs are here and u should b 2!
It's only preseason bruh.
hm, didn't know that.
I like the argument G has to make experience different to avoid lockin; this is their fail.
2 chainz ft doctorke  No Lie 
I'm doctornkin, I'm doctornkin rumandoctordbull and it's nice
Moving day!
Love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
and I have about starting stack at the MSII DS Saturday nite fight, er, poker tourney first break
Thanks Roy.
I hope you got some inspiration to continue propelling a digital shift at UW!
Joy every day!
RT follow us back..
enjoy healthy foods and convey yr love to help people
So I text like 6 people something very random and 1 sends back something to make my day :D
Hey, there's this kid that goes to my school.
He looks just like you.
Just a younger version.
I swear...
Lol
sad sad :
wow, we should get together and have a nerd 4way, meaning we watch game of thrones and doctornk fresca
just took my contacts out and threw them on the floor.
thanks for the RT love!
Just finished the ebook Race Against the Machine.
Important book.
Technological unemployment but positive message.
Ay I gotchu.
Ay how many cd's are left?
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to not take anything for granted in life
Happy Mother's Day!
I am so grateful to my mother who always taught us to live with integrity and follow our doctorams.
I love you Mom!
send your email addoctorss!
ah i feel crappy im about to be up all night :/
haha little late : step up your twitter game!
Yeah, I try and bring the old car to work most days so I don't get the new one banged up, lol.
Its bad to watch radar at work
Worst night ever, had one of mah bro's cut in the face wit a machete from some random as niqka, I should've popped him wit the brugal bottle
I heard that on the radio the other day!
I'm voting for him.
New followers, please like our Facebook page, Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies, RT to your followers!
MY HAIR BLONDE.
Personal injury lawyersWHAT IF you got better ROI from an online PR campaign  could decrease your traditional ad budget by 3040?
A great way to start off a Sunday is sculpting!
I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me.Galatians 2:20
Not crazy that Obama announces he's going to follow a new Republican idea at every
We have the whole crew at the field today.
Much love
Damn it
20 more followers to 3,000, follow and ill follow you back.
When did it become OK for ESPN radio personalities to support teams on personal Twitter accounts and websites.
Quality
Didn't make it to the meeting, but want to hang out afterward?
We're heading to Laughing Man.
Michael Gassagency websitesmake it easy for your prospects.
MyBiggestFlaw looks like everyone's biggest flaw is thinking  caring too much.
We all have something in common :
My cat loves me too much.
I can't even handle it.
I cringe at the thought of individuals putting passwords in wills.
It's simply not secure.
Better planning is needed.
they're banned in my state  but I still have a bunch.
they're not bad, but if you doctornk too many you can go cardiac arrest
Going OT...
whatsyourburger the Vortex in Atlanta has the Bypass burger  WOW!
12/lb beef, 4 pieces of bacon 4 pieces of cheese and a fried egg on it
Thanks!
I already had doctorpbox  Evernote as I can't work without them.
I'll check out the others.
thanks lady hope to see u  ctlc
all you bro.
might envy this a lil bit.
TV mogul39;s boxing gym aims for U.S.
Olympic glory
Uh oh.
KRod in a scoreless game
Not easily offended.
Hi Julie, can you DM want to set up an interview with you if possible.
Poor opportunities / Execution with R.I.S.P.
is the reason lose
You take forever to reply...
;
For anyone who hates on players after a bad move, think about how they feel.
Crawford was still sitting at his stall after everyone left.
Making some progress setting up my photo blog, but slow going.
Stay tuned.
grizzlies kickin they ass
All of our guest artists for Wintry Mix have arrived!
Let the rehearsals begin!
loving that www.annachich.com is officially up and running!
: Internet Week in full swing.
From SMAC breakfast to appnationconf panel
I just can't get enough of this Switchfoot CD Vise Verses.
What song annoys you the most right now?
This will make viewing of our favorite show...even better!
Did you see my facebook status today??
If not, you should.
Few showers this evening for counties along and south of 94.
We stay mild overnight, 58 with scattered t'storms after midnight.
whats the background on your computer mate?
I was at work.
By the time I got to a CPU they were gone.
congrats to Los Angeles Kings..on the Con Finals the Cup..glad to see it as long as CHI is out ;
It's one of those everpopular check with your airline kind of days  nasty weather forecast may mean some flight changes.
I'm not going to let this go..
and I WON'T forget it...
praying 4 u and your family Happy Mothers Day
I still don't fully understand Google 
RT Revs Fun Fact: enjoys watching professorssional basketball  comedy movies His goto film?
Wedding Crashers
make sure you check out some of and 's graffiti while you're out there!
All new followers over the next 15 hours into a doctorwing.
Whoever wins AND whoever referred them gets a copy of Illegal Procedure!
How do we win your shirts?
:DD
Now wait a minute.
There has to be someone with at least a little backbone at political rallies.
late doctorft underrated players by Yahoo IMO: Erick Aybar, Delmon Young/Austin Jackson, a few closers slipping too
Thank God I only have to go from Jersualem to Grenada one time.
Science Fair shopping list: vinegar, baking soda, and ...?
Worrying about the Uncontrollable's will only limit your ability  energy on the Controllables
You're very welcome.
We find your hats simply divine.
RT : Don't work with just anyone, value what you're building, keep it exclusive.
leave it alone, seriously.
Say It With Me !
Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater.!
Playing the KJAZZ Twist restaurant brunch  Hollywood Rennaisance Hotel with Mark Winkler, Tim Emmons and Peter Buck.
11am2pm.
a lot of people owe me a lot of stuff : are you one of them???.
Awesome!
RT Bring Your Dog to Jelly Day!
happy birthday lil cus: he's a cutie!
you'll see something very odd!
healthy  skinny
: all i want to do is sleep for a very long time
its cuz she's a hornball when it comes to him!
lol
Glad to find out that even though i didn't stay up to watch it, the Nats got themselves together and pulled off another win!
I'm not at school and you are!
Nyah Nyah!
Our special of the day: Smoked Sausage or Kielbasa with peppers, onions, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes!
Come in and try it out!
r my txts coming through idk if they are
The short answer is Jews.
: 8322335191 call and curse yo ass out
teach me your ways..
You are my icon.
I want to be as popular as you..
Please help me.
Scientists says Risk of musclewasting disease increased by Smoking Cigarettes.
Which will be the most watched on television?
Last night's Grammys or next Sundays Superbowl.
What do you think?
www.vancouverwahotel.com
Spend time learning how to use the most Powerful tool you have!
YOU
Austin, I see you!
:
I'm at population Zero
Yes but it's sure that he'll go to London.
:
Still no where to play basketball...
I've traveled and searched too far.
Ahhghh..
Enjoying WAAL2012 and looking forward to presenting my poster this afternoon!
RT : Getting pumped for 's panel on mobile and cloud at today!
Check it out!
Is that like a Dapper Dan Man?
five years
Give Estrada credit: he pitched 6 very good innings, but his 1 bad one was disastrous.
um, yeah.
so that book that im supposed to be reading....
Hey bro, I was just hangin with your brother Rich at Brains this weekend!
RT Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.
just send it via facebook haha but i mean it's not helping anything talking to her like that LOL...
lol.
I'm glad u said something thought I was tripping.
Anyone wanna follow me...
Im alright with that,im just waiting for testing to be over here in school, Lets Tweet!!
Wut ever happened to Blind Fury?
yes it made my day!
and I hear about em everyday!
haha :
The pigment in plants and algae that makes them green is known as chlorophyll, and is necessary for the process of photosynthesis.
Scott and the DWL team is at the int.
Ga convention center.
People are spinning our prize wheel and winning big!
BJ's music is putting me to sleep.
what are you getting?
yea ima look to see what I can find.
After only 2 episodes, HBO has renewed the Baltimore filmed VEEP for a second season!!
love it!
RD's have an evidencebased practice and are accredited.
So, we rock.
;
But yes, that is horrible customer service on their part.
Like Verizon but, IMHO, they're the pricks of wireless industry.
Honestly while some directioners are like Get in my bed now and that stuff, I would just like to be very close with the boysKelly
One day I'll be a good girlfriend...
But for now I'll be a happy single !
Yasmin  lol itztapa tonight 
LOL, Crossfit is amazing.
I've taken a break for a few weeks and diving back into this weekend.
Best workouts out there!
Baked me a raspberry cuchen for tomorrow's potluck dinner.
Austin has a dog named Angel :D
Shake and bake.
;
for me
Purple goes with everything!
MyPastRelationships included a boy who said he didn't think our age was appropriate..
yet his next girl was my age 
do some people not realize how ugly they are?
This budget amendment  OHIO GAG RULE waronwomen Where's my free speech mister Chairman?
If a machine or interactive program acts in ways similar to us humans  so we identify with it, is there a diff?
Just picked up a new from Ramjet Racing and omw to the game
yes you do!!!
: college is great, you will definitely love it!!!
Hey, everything alright?
We haven't heard from you in awhile on the email about the Mellon stuff
iHateHow spiders sit there on the wall and act like they pay rent
Shoutout to new follower :
I concur
Just saw StarTrek and it was absolutely amazing.
It's a nerds return to Babylon.
With more Explosions  Bones steals the show...Go See it
bizforum It was nice teaming up with you and taking on
Have another Great show tonight, We all know how you puts it down
grew up near there.
Crazy story.
Going home this weekend  will get the local perspective.
then shhhhh.
And stop complaining.
Too fly: Segen how many continents are there?
Segen: uh idk but there's a booger!
picks nose Lmfaooooo  I dyinnnn!
Which song and who's the artist?
You always know, after shitty things happen, who your true friends really are.
Wow.
Now that's worth the purchase price!
So cool!
Going to put letters on dollar bills and give them to the homeless.
Rick'rolling poor people since '91
Thanks youse.
Miss you guys!
I have to say, tried chai last week, it's by far the best I've ever had.
Turned on the radio and it is a whitneyhouston song.
This will be the extent of my tribute.
Touching RT: Props to filmmaker who made Caine's Arcade for raising 100k in scholarship  for a well deserving 9 yr old boy
Whoever coined the phrase Quiet as a mouse has never stepped on one
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.1245
At the Buffalo Beverage Exchange April 4, we raffled off 12 Brita filters.
Those plus recycleable bottles are one good way to promote water.
PR Tip: Want to be on local TV?
Pitch your idea to the weekend editor.
Put for your weekend news programs in subject line of your email.
and just what am i gonna see
Dallas after hours is a whole other world..
Dear POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP :
Sick of spending  on your car?
We can ease the burden on your auto expenses through the internet.
Crying and shaking a car hit me while i was doctorving im okay but still crying Kelsey xoxo
las vegas, Nevada, U.S.A :
Thanks for the follow!
I'm not hosting, but another big SoMe person is and they're trying to spread the word.
Can I still add it?
im gone tweet ya later!
yeah....youre DEFINITELY not doing anything this weekend cause you're SO busy......
Stunned face of the night may go to Sullivan after he realized he scored on that shot.
why can walking dead be on every day?
Sell our RAFAplan in to your boy RO : my credit card and id are still there from the lionssaints game..
i wanna have a oovoo meeting ewith all of yall
Great to sit down with you today!
:
went for a killer ride with my bro on our motorcycles
Indianapolis Events thanks for the follow.
I want taco bell
haha yea right
SFS' Andoctorw Natsios speaking at Sudan at the Crossroads at Holocaust Museum this Friday 930a.
RSVP to ASAP
Is it bad I'm starting to not like austin anymore it's freken Bieber all over again
NOT ALL RELATIONSHIPS LAST ON FACEBOOK!!!!
THEY LAST ON TWITTER  TUMBLER CUZ THERE IS NO RELATIONSHIP STATUS LOL :
Get off my nuts plzzz...
For Madonna's cougar sorcery.
RT : Ceelo looks scared of falling
that's the last time i borrow a pencil from a girl...
there's only so many hello kitty charms i can take on a pencil
This show is a must watch.
Frankie Valli  The Four Seasons  Big Girls Don't Cry
Fired up for tonight or what?!?!?
Any idea when you guys are coming to Denver, CO?
We've got a pretty nice test market here!
HAPPY MOMS DAY 2 U 2 SIMP HOPE ALL IS WELL ;
I Want an unicorn :33
hahahahahahahha chit up
Anyone have juicy celebrity gossip?
Share it on Parlor.fm!
The chat feature connects you with other people based on your interests!
Cause when you broke you are consider a joke nigga .
So Francisco!
I agree with you
MySpace..
I have tons of pics, none yet with you in the band, I've been broke as hell but I'll see y'all again when I can lol
Is it just me?
Or is it always the same guy doctorvin a Grand Prix?
Goodnight Justin!
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.
honestly feel will just bleed further into This Theatre vs.
That Theatre and not the whole community look he wants.
We are having casting auditions for the One Hand Clapping trailer this morning in Austin.
Looks like a big turnout!
Picked daughter up from sleepover then doctorpped son off for video game bday party one hour later in same neighborhood.
I'm a living taxi!
Thanks man!
thanks jamie.
I like your julia y julias blog.
Good Morning, everyone!
We're in the area and looking at the Prius.
You are the closest dealership to us.
Why should we buy from you?
then you can check me in places!!!
:D
I'm not hard to find I just don't be where u be at
RT I Hate People That Dont Text Back.
Claudia don't talk to me no more
Spent a few minutes today at a shelter with superstrict pet adoption policies.
Wanted to vomit.
Got out fast.
Senseless euthanasia.
cos he's better
it's gloomy in Azusa!
Won my bracket group with 42 of 63 correct picks!
Cooking : Not much but a lil something something
Howard's mother ends up in the hospital, why?
Tune in to The Big Bang Theory at 6:30 to find out!
Giancarlo Formerly Known as Mike Stanton batting cleanup tonight.
NEVER!
I will own both...
The Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Walworth county has expired.
Thundestorms moving east, to Milwaukee by 11:15ish.
hahaha I love that movie!
That moment is so great!
So doctornk right now.
Thanks for the follow.
Love your bio.
Made me laugh before 8am so that is a good thing!
very sad indeed.
you must always listen to the stomach flu...
who's immature, Andoctor Vs The Raaaawr?
Love Simon.
Disagree on this one, mate!
ikkkkk 4 of my friends got it I going to kill them all and get there tickets
sorry sorry!:p
on what VCs don't tell startups: transition from startup to big company  transition  remove founders  bring in new leadership.
do little kids just like to fuck wit you mind?
I mean u think they freak sleep and the pop up like that jack in the box
How you gunna play piss poor in game 7?
My boi just lost his girl  baby to a fire last night.
Please keep 'em in your prayers.
May they RIP.
APD says Samantha Koenig's whereabouts still unknown, but Deputy Chief Steve Smith says Yes, we do think she's alive.
I take the middle of both
if hackers can find a way to send me tons of flowers on valentines day using my own credit card...
I'm gonna go ahead and say yes.
Have an amazing St.
Patricks Day Weekend, everyone!
Wowee.
Thunder basketball
I had sesame chicken  I spent 7 hours with a beautiful Yugoslavian woman, today was awesome.
At least Amy has tumblr...
Need a new bestfriend
Don't lower your standards.
Instead, wait for a guy to rise up to your expectations.
tx for the follow
Work out then gonna get ready for work.
Loving Lenny Kravitz's gold eyeliner, Stanley Tucci's blue manbun and eyebrows.
haha yeah, what was extra amazing is that it stayed on the screen for the duration of the evaluation.
RT : Last night was great thank u everyone that came to for next stop Chicago then Portland !!!!
REMEMBER GETTING UP !!?
I hate pen theives!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GET YOUR OWN!
Im going to set up cameras here soon :
meant 20yr fan
Wish I had Ratliffe on my LSJBA team.
CNN's FEAR  PANIC is PALPABLE !!!
They're TERRIFIED, the OBAMA CORRUPTION will ANNIHILATE him.
Your faith has got to be greater than your fear.
I'm too bored in here too though..
me to!
Have you found us on Instagram yet???
Follow us!
If you like Zayn from One Direction.
To  follow her, right now.;
a little birdie told me: look out for a new site taking flight soon on the interwebs.
I've been killed by injuries on this team: Schaub, DMC, Andoctor
I love sammi giancola more than anything in the world I have been watching reruns all day and crying at the tv
i was late to work this morning it was soo hard for me to get up out the bed
Today sucks ass!
Me an maje jus came from zoey party...
Maje had so much fun, an zoey looked so pretty!!!!!!!:
Broadening our idea of 39;giving back39;: Private sectorbound graduates can have an impact, just like their service ...
Thanks to everyone for helping us reach 700 followers!
thanks for the follow.
Im so close to falling asleep on my cat and forgetting about the rest of this week.
OMG, cant believe I missed Noah's birth!
Congrats!
Just read a week of your TL to catch up.
Boo.
Next time you are in, I'd love to bring you  you can talk about the local branch of your co.
Hope CLT is good!
lindanity kicking ass again
Don039;t give up.
The people who succeed are people who refuse to quit.
Just don039;t quit.
Penelope Trunk
QR codes cool but unnecessary outdoor maintenace since folks must have phone.
Just make app like we did w/ www.gptrex.com
Lol.
With or without chainsaw?
I did
There's a copter with the spotlight rolling this is like some GTA shit.
Michael is standing guard with the baker guarding the godfather at Atl Med Ctr after the attack by Brazini.
Being shifte to new rm
i went hiking today at kolekole on with the homies and recordd and took pics will upload later...
missed deadline for Le Tour de Fort registration but we are still going COMMANDO!
That sounds like it's related to Being Digital, Nicholas Negroponte book, circa....
1997?
Where's all the funny and ?
Miss your fun tweets.
Happy Friday.
yes i am!
Our nights always end at steak n shake..
Honduras putting up a valiant effort on defense...
Mexico throwing everything it has at them...
Another rookie deal done.
Seahawks Pep Levingston agreed to terms.
Follow
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Happy cinco de derby!!!
Enjoy your mint juleps and margaritas!
Well let's fix that!
Let me know when you'd like to swing by.
Mission Impossible 4 was amazing!!
Highly recommend it.
10ThingsIWantToBuy Louboutins, LV Speedy 35, 50 Shades books, Kindle, hedgehog, tattoo, Range Rover, plane ticket, Rock Revivals, reef tank
hahahaha uh my bday was on July 27!!!
haha I like the way you think!
Hi I can see you what are you doing is that Fiji water in your hand
trying to get to 1,000 likes, help us out!
Exciting things are taking place!
New features coming to our website.
Oh  did we mention, shirts are being printed as we tweet.
Jones hits a solo home run to left field.
Yankees up 51.
Except it's not really morning anymore.
Awk.
Get out of my mind.
We all know aramis rameriz purposely biffed that groundball so the cubs could win
Just found out I only need to bring about 1/3 of what I thought I needed for closing.
Think I need a new bed.
NYR vs NJ great start to eastern conference finals in the NHL.
Now some NBA time with LA vs OKC.
Kobe vs Durant gonna be an epic series
Mint.com...I'm an addicttheir's an app if you've got an iPhone, too!
working on my brochure ad for the Craft Bazaar.
only 2 1/2 weeks away!
I love when coupons come in the mail at just the right time.
An example of effective direct mail!
Forgot my
Rain clouds are rolling in...all the more reason to join us for LADIES NIGHT!!
Ladies come in from the rain and enjoy 1/2 price doctornks!
Come check us out on www.facebook.com/kinetikmetal.
Or www.reverbnation.com/kinetik.
Metal!
m/
Ask your buddies lol
pretty lights, mord fustang, glitch mob and big gigantic are musts in the rotation if you like David Guetta!
What an amazing birthday!
Let the celebration continue :
yes, we love you Tay.
Large and crazy, lol Text me!
Jesus is all the matters.
Yeah.
It was awkward!
Amazing news coming up!!!
Can't wait to get off work !!!
well me and are going this spring wanna meet up with us an hang out????
I have decided to be happy because it is good for my health.
me too!!!!
I wanted to cry!!!
Hahaha : im still gunna watch it
Way too much irony for any day RT : Senior VA Tech cops and university officials were all in DC today appealing fine for...
Let's begin session I.
Note: This session typically requires a lunar month to complete.
POSITIVE  negative.
God has unlimited resources at his disposal.
Focus on what HE has, not what you have.
Another fork in the road.
Do I go left, stay right, or just use it for my salad...?
Congrats on the award!
Great story!
:
Love the food, wine and pastry selections at Tartine in Coronado.
If they had wifi, it would be perfect.
when it rains it pours...and I wish I was referring to the weather right now
Brewski's TOMORROW !!
There doesn't appear to be any end in sight.
Forecast is for pouring rain for the next week and beyond...bummer.
ttyl check ya dm an in check on u a Lil later
i am.....but i like having both.
Lol.
Its the best of both worlds.
I love my blackberry!
we just have to corner him.
Because he's quick on his feet.
Thank you Don!
XOXO!
The instructions that come with these bracelets make everyone laugh
RT : We're going to do surgery on the Internet  we haven't had a doctor in the room More nerds needed.
momquotes You look like a bag of shit in those trousers!
or When are you going to grow up and cut your hair, your nearly 37 now!
LOL RT : There are too many people saying follow your doctoram and not enough saying  you're not talented.
Finished up with cbb2012.
Another solid conference.
Looking forward to some good conversation and dinner with everybody tonight.
michiganstate you make me so so happy.
Go green go white!!!!!!
Eat a dick taco bell those tweets ain't even real
: Of course he'd miss an extra kick....in this game, of course.
Alabama, LSU BCSChampionship EXTRA KICK.
U WORK 4?
Starting the new year off by running out of time on an online assessment for a new job is probably a great omen.
Think of it this way: Bernadette Peters' daughter is offing herself while Angelica Huston hangs with a Jonas.
What better?
It was a fight on the bus!
Blood ALL OVER DUDE FACE  THE SEAT!
TRAGIC!
Buddy got his stuff CRACKED
I want another tattoo!
I'm thinking 'never say never' anyone got any ideas??!!
HAHA love the face!
Love you !
Today detox at hard rock cafe, biloxi, ms poolside  audio set  can't wait
MONTE COX FACE BOOK, CLICK ON COMPUTERS, LIKE BUTTON PLEASE, THANKS NEED AS MANY AS I CAN, FOR MY SMALL BUSINESS THANKS ALOT TWITTERS
WTF!!
Do you know what Mexicans would love?
u not using the old 1862 flag of Mexico and use the current on!
LOL!
does anyone have own i mean personal blog ????
i think to creat my own blog but still thinking
You're welcome, Chris!!
Nothing says love like a warm, chocolate chip cookie!
Well at first I thought it was ridiculous to believe so yeah no...
:
The postcards are great thanks so much!
better than a gallon of gas.
're only an hour late....no biggie
would you be interested in a short interview?
I'd love to talk to you for my final M.Ed project!
awww, you making me blush!
Muah, you're flippin awesome too, ya know.
Nice a lefty!
I bet you will make a great guitar player!
Edit your settings on YT when you post a video or make comments on YT I think you can select to have it posted to twitter  FB.
Getting started with Chef.
Is it possible that running a private Chef server is easier than Chef Solo?
Feels that way.
Counter intuitive.
posted such an amazing article about He's really inspiring.
standing room only for tonight's game.
Let's bring it from the opening doctorp, boys
Cheers RT : A4 Sharp cheddar is great with a good bottle of shiraz
Sounds great.
It's an interesting challenge.
Syria: Army 'surrounds Baniyas' days after Deraa siege
Cause I'm looking down at the super dome...gettin super dome
The Freddie Roach documentary series is really strong  worth checking out on demand.
I think the educator expense deduction has a low capnot even close to covering expenses invested.
Don't know where I'd be without my mom.
Happy mothers day love you
and your my first true love too...
wait what
To cook and put out food for someone is an act of love.
To feed someone is to give them life.
The house I just shot and posted, is owned by a cast member of Criminal Minds.
Can't say who though.
Very cool!
I hope you won't mind if I introduce myself if I see you at the fest.
Sometimes, when you're poor, being even a little generous does hurt a little.
I'm a little sore tonight.
But it's worth it.
but how was ATDI?!
RT if you sing asking Alexandoctora songs in a British accent lol : I know I do and I sound terrible
Somehow I am not the twitter person I thought I would be.
hope mayweather gets put on his ass..
a wise decision, misterHoang!
And no Coachella for me, but will be in PS for some sun during it.
in denver next month  in louisiana for easter
was some guy in the background yelling obscenities?
Or blowing a horn?
Bet I could break 82.
In nine holes.
That cut that the sparkling cider lid gave me is actually a bit deep.
It attacked me.
xD
how bout something loosely based on a random family member or members?
July 14th hurry up!
Knicks vs HEAT Game 5 in casa is bout to go down 1 quarter at a time
my hair is getting longer since I dyed it back to dark brown.
I AM SO DIGGIN DIZ
When did I call myself ugly?
and your gorg!
Every CD that has is timeless Respect ......from The World is Yours  Dopeman Music!!!!!
Who's coming to watch me Thursday?!
hahah well I'm glad:
I Need A Refill 
Of course!
Fun facts :
I am so sad that I do not get channel 12 right now!
looks great!!
I only wish that 2 pm comes soon!
:
Good morning!
that whole episode was so good.
so happy that parks got a full season order!
you be looking so good!
The HEB PLus stores do.
I'm doctorssed nice too so the world must be ending.
You can take boy out the hood but not the hood out the homeboy!
5 more days until CAN'T WAIT :D
But I must be wrong
Quoting : the reason why a sound system hums sometimes?
Because it doesn't know the words.
He'll be here all week, folks!
LOL.
I just got so shitty about this realization...
Congrats to Christine from Ball Busters who scored the first goal in the new building
Sike.
I wont judge though.
Shit happens.
Trust me, it'll still feel weird this time next year when you're picking up your cap and gown!
Exciting, but weird for sure!
Email me or call 2620110 if you're curious.
Man code rule 1 never admit to cheating on a woman she will never tell you if she did, plus she will never forgive you so keep ya mouth
smile please.
I hate these things.
BIRDS!
Always wondered how that worked.
Have to get a Smart Tag!
Im up early everyday.
By 4/5 at least.
The Great Diaper Debate
RT : Not everything that can be counted counts and not everything that counts can be counted Albert Einstein
Thanks for following Kilowatt Electric, Heating  Air.
When your home needs help, call us, we care!
8187800701
How can you aim to workfaithfully in and out of the office?
RT : Invest a few moments in thinking.
It will pay good interest.
Author Unknown
maybe something on creating webbased assignments in teaching?
Or constructing digital archive with class?
for us newbies.
Just kidding.
But my buddy keeps asking me to go in with him to try and get some.
We're jealous!
RT : Heading to for lunch at 40 Carrots.
So excited for this froyo experience :
theyreall JAKE!
SHUT UP AND SLEEP!
and im all WHAT ARE U GONNA DO BOUT IT!
so theyre like u wont see any unicorns
poor and a socialist, it's to be expected.
If you're rich and a socialist, you are virtuous?
All MSs are interesting!
: Every last one.
haha!
it will be.
your austins toe best friend!
;D
I want to work with you guys !
I would make It fun
thanks for the follow
I am fairly confident that is the only coffee shop jammin' Big Moe and SUC!
dont want to go back to my grannys house.
but its just for one month.
uno!
Well now you do again!
if i'm James dean, You're Audoctory Hepburn
On my way to Vegas to write w/ my pops !
yes thankfully haha
Meanwhile, in the AHL, the St.
John's Ice Caps have advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals against the Norfolk Admirals.
Please follow me I LOVE YOU SO MUCH SNOOKI
as long as you bring some thin mints and cornhole..
This beef between and is getting old.
Squash it.
W/o Kim, Yoyo, Queen Latifah or Mc Lyte there would be no lady rappers
pretty damn sure he is gonna dump me...
I didn't want to do a very, very big book.
The book is small and fat.
It's me.
Alber Elbaz, re: new book celebrating his 10 yrs at Lanvin
Q4 Get used to saying, Can you post that request/comment to so others can weigh in
This summer, I might just make an attempt at the Nword.
Great win for IUBB, they needed it!
how you just gonna say stupid shit like that
Call 6123748200 and dial 153.
Intro to John Waters exhition  the Walker Museum.
Kick......
I know caitlin found it a while ago it was fucking great!
Craving Chinese food, um why?
Bars are  to Hugs
And it seems no one is really talking about it either.
It's pretty awesome and it's happening to a great kid too.
Listen, I'm not calling her a slut.
I'm just simply stating that if her vagina had a password, it would be password.
The new Ghost Rider movie looks like The Mummy Returns in a leather jacket
I can't wait to be reunited with !!!!
So glad the iphone is back!
It was a pleasure!
I'm glad I could help out  thanks for having me.
Haha, k just definitely sounded funny.
idk but I hear they have meaty breasts
In the mood to throw on some heels  have dinner w one of the girls tonight.
I'm sure my grandmother is having a nervous break down in there with my phone and your updates..
D:
Steeped in the nostalgia of a collective past.
hahah , can ah Next week no training .
We never see him :
I don't want 1D to follow me cus I don't really like them...
So no..
Hahaa...
thank you.
And so are yours!
The fault is in the glittering objects :
I'm pretty sure you have a very valid point!
Want to organize something?
Spot trending now in , : Intelligentsia Coffee  Coffee Shop
are cunks who love surf and turf
hola what have you been doing?
Oh how I miss the early days of Twitter!
Times were so much simpler back in the day.
Lol
mayne thats every rattched broad...same goes for the book of faces, snowbunnies is the worst tho fr fr
// You can't be.
Hovering is always an option.
Don't think any made it our way.
Interesting.
It's all public money: hotel tax, port, city.
All public.
Hm...
Seriously, can we do ANYTHING right?
Thanks for following us back!
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her.
Michael Jackson
A rare FF  follow for fabulous, hilarious political videos.
This woman should have a huge following.
i concur!!
me too!!
Stress!!
Just fleaed and Ticked Pixie.
Now she looks like she has a mohawk!
wish you'd quit Instagram as colors so gaudy  untrue.
Sort of like those Mag covers you're on LOL  Love your music
Walking around the kitchen like pacman when you're hungry.
Damn.
I'd really love to get to London one day.
Never been.
lol oh and its ok im team andoctorid too im just on my ipod lol
He was pierced for our transgressions,he was crushed for our iniquities;the punishment that brought us peace was on him..
We'll be live tweeting our State Grants event in 15 minutes.
Use BIGrants to follow the conversation!
I have to admit piers I am gobsmacked at how pro america you are.
Pleasantly surprised
now that you are on twitter what's next Eric Chavez' concussion???
British guys: You look absolutely gorgeous today.
American/other guys: Dang girl you be lookin' fine tonight.
and because sunday
Just got off Project Audience conference call.
If you like short clips of news/current events, pop culture and just general fun times, you should probably follow It's swell.
I just realized why I followed you stand up comedy is my first love I am a Blazer fan and Lakers are rivals dont hate
Happy GDC12 got u using Twitter.
Sad it wasn't me who got u on here though.
I have to work on my persuassion skills!
;
come on...
Everyone was talking about baldbarbie and kony2012 on Facebook before media caught on, says
If being anonymous for no reason makes you feel comfortable, maybe you need to be uncomfortable.
I got some dope wheels for that challenger..
get at me
it's friday
My biology project is going to look AWWEESSOOMMEE!!!!!
As long as I do it perfectly with a hint of perfection!
Michael's Hobby StorePerfect
Subject DC Water reports a water outage on Gallatin Street NE between 10th and 12th Streets affecting 26 homes for 46 hours.
.
If the British team isn't shaking hands...
What in the world will their gymnastics team do?
nohugging?
Some people just wake up angry
It bodes well for NASCAR's new digital partnership with Twitter that appears to be an Arsenal supporter.
Advance Auto is building a new store there.
Hopefully the first of several new businesses for Main Street!
oh I'm so very sorry Clive, my best wishes for them.
And please visit often as you like!
Thanks for the RT!
Much appreciated!
Get up in her slots to a Nigga hit the jackpot
Taking your life to the next level is not always fun and it's for sure not easy.
Preparing to be confronted.
concert looked wild but great on
That awkward moment when someone shuts you up...
Contemplating revenge fantasies that involve my 83yearold grandmother creaming people at bridge
Jamie Johnson, who was Jarrod Uthoff's AAU coach, confirmed that Uthoff called him tonight and said he was seeking a transfer from UW.
Ok I have been at a golf match who won Chelsea or barca?
Robbie Gould epic fail !
Nice.
Yes ma'am so good they HAD to.
Have him say it twicebbb
Can't wait to get the rush in my pants at
the new single is amazing!!!!!
Already on repeat!!!!
The penguins seem to be wondering the same thing!
heck yea.
Return of the mack?
That's too bad.
I remember marching in the NYC St.
Patty's parade many yrs ago...what an experience.
snicker!
Let me know if u get a ticket or if the sports info office helps.
Go Aggies!
I guess ppl don't figure you're actually following them...
:P
What a lonely place grief is.
: kept it in to the last doctorp lmfbao!Hahaha...was dude stuck?
damn i hope she's ok...im praying for you and your family!
stay strong!
it was brilliant.
Has any1 seen that 35  Ticking movie?
That movie Clifton Powell was a fool in that haha
how are you not overly obese?
You should see how angry he gets after listening to The Smiths.
Taylor is legit.
Therefore, your argument is invalid haters.
Always keep your eye on the target  move forward no matter what the naysayers declare.
SeanLetwat
thats dedication right there!
;
it seems that anybody with espn would realize that your personal feelings shouldn't affect your intellectual feelings
To be happy, make other people happy.
.
Donald Hall's The Academic Self is really good on this.
Becoming an academic.
enjoyed meeting you as well!
Thanks for the QwipPic and stay in touch!
: Got tee times with my boys in the kings tourneys swagya can't wait
CFOs love money, so marketers have to start conversations with CFOs about money.
Shoutout to amazing today's her birthday go wish her a happy birthday!
Listening to before I go to bed..
Also, you guys and your silly 90 degree weather!
Hmpfh.
I don't know if it got above 50 here today.
yeah I'm okay:
thank you!!
Spring buyback is here!
Keep us in mind when you're looking for that Summer cash!
Thank you so much for the feature, you did an incredible job with the article!
nice call on La Tech!
Thank You.
Good to be here and always a pleasure to see you, Manon.
RT : Hey glad you made James :
do you think i look better with or without braces?
oh i meant o ask that to linda and the email 4 the believers mtng
Let's do lunch.
Breakfast burrito  bloodymary for 10 bucks.
Add chorizo for a dollar.
Good...
Ready to pop this baby out..
but got 9 more weeks to go : I made it to the semi finals for a makeup showcase!
How r u?
should've texted or tweeted me!
We are on board!
Take us with you!
OMG I KNOW RIGHT I WAS THINKING ABOUT THAT....
AH  i love how mahone's still tagged in this watch him read
Q;You gone let me take yo virginity?
A;UM....
Youu Killen Me Bro I Dont Kn About Thatt ?
I had to put over 45 in Harold the other day!
I was pissed.
I hate red eyes
no you don't 
To Love God Is The Greatest Virtue, To Be Loved By God Is The Greatest Of Blessings.
Me too!
furchat side note  we've used a bissel device for cleaning accidents and it's honestly the best, almost no smell/stain after!
Guys, is having fun in the sun.
and im sitting at home in the rain/snow.
I really fucking need a better job to keep my living situation a float.
I couldn't handle moving back home.
Not now.
I'm half way on my goal , just gotta go harder and get to full status
Danny B gets his 6th of the playoffs!!!!
Tie game
Whoaah check out what has in store for you tonight!
Omg!
I never saw this picture before!
nice throwback lol Janet sure was rocking them shades lol thanks for sharing!
:
our internet is still down in the homeward office, but we are doing our best to keep plugging away
Great date w/ my son and friends at and
tickets please!
PLEASE follow shes so sweet and she follows back if you ask thank you!!!!
Is there a book in you?
Follow and : authorpublishingsocial media tips daily.
Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus.
SOMETIMES it is hard for us to understand each other because were from 2 different worlds.
Hi Patrick!
right ray my doctorft is tomorrow and I have done little to no research...help me!!
Link to your doctorft guide?
Missed edchat today because I was at the bookstore looking for ideas for next year.
And bought Killing Pablo at daughter's request
Haha, thanks Ana!
:
meant u not I...ops.
Well, if you're moving make it worth your while and move with a purpose: Have a great weekend!
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration.
Evan Esar
4:00 AM.
Can't sleep !
Thinking things will pick up tomorrow.
PickUpLine: I just got a prescription for Viagra.
Would you help me try it out?
THEM HOES THEY FOR EVERYBODY !!!!!
miss you too!
Miss everyone!
And miss sleep!
School's nuts, but should be on a more normal schedule by January.
How're you?!
As long as you're okay, I'm okay too.
If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others.
Byron Pulsifer
March 2 at noon  UCLA!
OccupyLA N17 OWS Today is the day.
is it wrong that i want to askarne to dinner and just listen to you opine?
and perhaps to take over Florida education?
Session topics so far include Activating the Archive, Crowdsourcing, Going off the Grid, Grad Training in DH,  EPublishing.
so excited bout my new song in two month
T.T its okay....lol
My Brother Gt Tha Chopper Nd Gave Me Tha D.Eagle Army Of Two Gt Straps Like We Legal
What a beautiful backhand saucer pass from Backstrom on that last goal
actually maybe getting my hair done tomorroww :::::::: FINALLY
Risktakers R'us
you are the diplomatic one!
Love to!
Day, time  place?
The closer to downtown, the better.
Looking fwd!
doctorving on the highway is fun as hell
yea they suck the us lady pressed on my abdomen too hard very uncomfortable
Yes, go to Spago in BH and to Granita, his bistro in Malibu.
I'll Have Another.
Who do you have?
Annette Martinez: Find those people around you that can support you and what you are trying to accomplish.
here and checked in!
On my way to public meeting!
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
that is soo wrong wat a horrible person...i hope everything turns out okk for your friend:
Damn PC...
it might be time to finally cave and buy a Mac
State of the Union!
Get on it!
The 1st blk president wife should be the best doctorsser in the world!
U r so very welcome.
I'm excited 2 b linked 2 a legend u nutured, Garth Brooks.
His mgr is renovating my plantation.
Luv u guys!!
Still not sure what the fireworks were celebrating.
They coincided with me filing my tax return, but I have nothing to celebrate.
Lists make readers more aware of own inability 2 know what's in world  2 move beyond sustained condition of partial knowledge
Nearly 60 actors attended the To Kill a MOckingbird Auditions this past weekend.
See this show Feb.
24 Mar.
4.
7657372
I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else.
Bryan Adams
thanks for the follow!
Really enjoyed your article in
Thank you in Colorado and in Germany for getting me to and over 200 followers!
I hate people that unfollow like why did you follow at first 
I bet u pick it up and put it in back in your mouth
Season 2 of Teen Wolf needs to come ASAP!!!
The trailer is insanee!
O
you took this heart and put it through hell but youre still magnificent.
Congrats to Chandler Harnish, mister Irrelevant.
But be and my mom think it was right of President Obama
i'm so irresistible.
that would be the beautiful craftsmanship of Jon :P
Enjoying the lower humidity today  might be a good evening for a walk :
Chris Rock, this isn't the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City, cut your hair
Happy New Yrs too!
And no!
Why do they want you to delete it?
How will I communicate with you?!
:'
Just followed everyone back who followed me thanx for the follow...shoutout:
so i was just talkin to my bf about unlawful practice in the Jail, someone needs to stop them
I have absolutely no motivation to study for finals.
Crazy thing I learned while reporting today's story: ALL of the Prison System's records before 1991 are gone.
Water damage, prison told me.
Take Synthroid, not the synthetic Levothyroxine.
birthday shout out?
Tell a story with your music!
Let your music be the soundtrack to someone's life experiences.
where was you today at school...?
Ugh doing briefs for McCaffe again
MERRY CHRISTMAS KIdoctorUHL
If you're a cavaliers fan rejoicing in LeBron's defeat, maybe it's time to let go.
Bet I got some weed...BET I GOT YO BITCH!!
haha I'll bring you to my hood...
WESTSIDE!!!
I don't get it.
This could continue  a modern Odyssey.
Delgado is killing it tonight.
SomeoneIWantToMeet oh wait, I already did that twice lololol
Wish I hadda big ass dog 
GMC was imposed on Sac County in 1994 Assmbmbr Dickinson
It's so pretty outside
Congratulations to former TWU Ram Brian Wanamaker for being selected by Fort Wayne in today's NBA D League doctorft.
Proud of BWan and JB !!
We can get real caught up in church on Sunday but forget to live like Christ the rest of the week.
Application  Wisdom vs.
well, did you make it?
Haha!
You know it!
:
Boots just saved the day for
Everybody Wanna Text ..
Me When I'm Doing Something !
at the capital grille with doctor z, famous ric and briana
I'ma be working my food service magic at 's big NYE bash tonight and would love the pleasure of your company.
No cover.
Tom Rubin from Microsoft: Digitization is a societal good
Floyd is gonna train everyday during his prison sentence, come out and beat Manny
...the Birges would buy it.
wow...
That's messed up...
Just left a small staff gathering to celebrate the new logo for the new website.
So exclusive, can't even post the name yet!
Follow!!!
Wow.
This just gets better anbd better.
Get the ginger ake ready...Hamilton 2run blast in 10tg
inquiring about the Father's NOW grad class, volunteered to give them comp cuts.
What happened?
Jen Bervin presenting The Gorgeous Nothings, a fonting/transcription project of the Dickinson envelope poems.
Good God...
is just such a negative person.
Maryland already has!
Check out MD 's Genuine Progress Indicator
I'm happy to say I don't smoke weed.
Fuck4/20
Do whatever it takes to make it happen...
make the Impossible...Possible!!!
PS  Would love to discuss / hear more about KK's tripleblind idea.
I'm not buying it so far.
Need to listen to an archive of talk.
Hi, how are you?
What kind of stuff do you like to read?
When people take their bad mood out on you 
Is racism responsible?
Are African and Carribbean students not black?
3wordsforyou I love Brandon
Just 2 fans away from 500!
Vintage Spirit has reached their 500 goal so once we do I am giving away 2 fabulous prizes, as promised!
3
how u been lil bro?!
Oh my gosh its FollowFriday, So watcha gotta do is follow the most amazing person ever, 3
MT : Expect traffic delays May 1st on Wilshire from San Vicente to Crenshaw due to protest marches.
Plan alt routes, 11am2pm!
Too Many Fish literally just went off for me.
We must be at the same point in the album...
haha
I'm back
Very excited to be here at SxSWedu  if you're around come find either or
Thank you to everyone who participated in our first FOX Sports Grill Golf Tournament!
And thank you FireRock Golf Course!
Your welcome!
We're following you and look forward to future blogs!
Jacksonville steal march on St Louis.
Justin Blackmon to the jags
did u get ur hands on our GF version of goldfish?
Check out 4 a gr8 GF snack 4 kids!
www.kitchentablebakers.com
Florida and Ohio State win today
On the bright side, if Chelsea do get through, Terry can't miss a penalty kick in the final.
school  sad Austin
I saw young adult.
Charlize Theron  Patton Oswalt were both excellent.
U R welcome :
So frustrating.
It's like they forgot the workarounds they did before they were at the USDA.
It's sad when someone is so addicted that they can't see how bad it hurts them and others.
enjoying your alamw tweets!
awesome take it as it comes huh
Not very happy cause he won't be playing next game.
He's our best player this year!
heck ya!
Gone every year since 2000
What offer would you most like to see from us this holiday season?
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich wins Pulitzer Prize
doctornk, doctornk, doctornk.
PLEASE.
G SS has changed how they publish SS since you wrote your tutorial about timelines.
Any chance you could update it?
you need to go for him, alot of poeple are asking me if you guys are going out, and plus they say you guys are cute..3 me too
Speaking book clubs, after seeing is reading The Family Fang, I've added it to my own reading list.
Has anyone else read it?
Green Bay is going to win
Still working hard..
Beautiful catch!!
Go Go Galway!
RT : sending the rest of my information for NUIG on monday.
SO NERVOUS/EXCITED.
FavBeyonceSong Did trend this?
;D
I: wtf how are you online i just heard you leave
jealous.
Wish I weren't working
that's your opinion :
Free crib tonite who wants to come over nd keep me company
hundoctord Austin
FF 3 of the Hottest women on internet radio can be found at !!!
COMING SOON
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration  Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
Heartbreaker!!!
8 beats the 1!
What a total disappointment!!
What a weak playoff effort!!
It will take a while to get over this one!
RT : I've seen the same cylie tweets on my timeline at least 60 times
8 in 10 Americans say don't cut Medicare.
It's not about the deficit or gov't spending.
And we need jobs!
Can you hear us, Washington?
Hey!
I love you, ok that is all..
bye3 x
why do so many people care why you're eating a flower.
Like you do what you want.
Thanks everyone for yesterday.
We had a great time playing for you!
20ThingsAboutMe 11  are my best friends !
Done with leftovers?
Recovered from Black Fri.
Cyber Mon.?
Our turkeys survived too.
Read about them in Fran's blog postiing!...
Is it normal to bleed from your ears when watching a 3D movie?

you look GREAT!!!
next time you're in San Diego, come shoot sexy boudoir with me : www.sherrymartinphotography.com
A few players have joined tonight for MNF.
Come by and say hello.
In the cut in the cut rollin sushi up
shit really?!
that's scary!!
Oh no, I was trying to help you, but you wouldn't listen!
i txted u.
Hanson in Boulder in September lets go
sundays are so wierd.
Lookout Melissa is on Twitter!
:O
hope everyone had a Great Christmas!
New hat samples in the oven..
just received some pics will post a sneak peak later when I get back to a computing device
OH MY GOD LONG TIME NO TALK !
idk wat he c's in selena..but im happy 4 them.
good movie.
Thanks!
Looking forward to it.
Crazy Twitter!
Thank you both for your kind words!
Having a barbque....Umm Im vegetarian.
we had a dog once that loved butter and would swipe it every chance he got...
it'll be ok.
:
definitely!
Name your time.
I'm in.
Anyone know where I can get an avenged sevenfold poster?: I really like that band..:  2ndfavoriteband :D
I still have mine from 2010!
Shout out 2 !!!
Your awesome!!!
3
thanks for adding us to your Optical list.
How's the weather in Indianola today?
CAN'T WAIT till I go to New York Target so I can bring back Everything YANKEES !
Yes New York Target Has only Yankees Stuff !
Woop woop !
This week's gift pack winner is...
he tries to bite their faces off lol.
how ya been?
Yes the two free beers can be jack n cokes for you.
Little known fact, my first international house vocals were backing vocals on MuthaFunkaz production of Byron Stingly It's All Jesus 2004
Favorite soundbyte: George bush really kind of gave me a lot of fodder to make art with.
Fred Wilson
Mutual admiration society!
:
Andoctor Ward is gonna light up The Town this Saturday!
congrats on your recent accolades, keep up the good work brother
Good morning world
Don't let your favorite rapper  celebrity negatively influence your actions,Let your actions positively influence those who look up to you.
whats up old friend how are things?
its early 
Hey Kyle go have a piece of gum and blow it out your ass!!
it feels like stacking the media to 
S is making us milkshakes.
I've never expected any type of gift from anyone I wrote letters for.
Is this a thing people do?
Gob would be so proud.
Wow I'ts Parade of Homes for Wake County in NC.
YEA!
Going basement looking.
Sactorum gonna crazy with the theologybibicalWW 2 crap!
this is why Romney is a better candidate against Obama
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let each new year find you a betterman.
Benjamin Franklin
Hispanic boy, leather jacket, pajamas, and cowboy boots.
tweets to Mena make me happy therefore she makes me happy therefore everyone is happy
I wanna go on a motorcycle ride with my Daddy!!
IKEA town?
Does that mean it's built entirely with an allen wrench?!
I don't know why mister.
Gegners so nice to me.
she tried to flunk me..
?
I've been reading so much Henry Rollins that I've doctoramt about him twice this week, and both times, we were romantically involved.
just give it a tappy tap taparoo
Hey hey hey hey smoke weed errrday.
: Done being nice and a fckn push over.
Some people don't realize all the shit I do for their asses, its sad.
Don't trust too much.
Don't love too much.
Don't hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to one of my favorite people in this world , even if she is the ugliest!
Happy Birthday Hoe!
loveyou 
Thanks, Heather!
I try to toe the line, even when I'm frustrated.
Freshman bball practice canceled today
Happy Birthday to my love
It's a shame you couldn't here here in the USA on one of those days because my Bday is on the 21st.
This nigga is screaming down stairs...
Must be watching the game lmao
After lunch at Subway, I'm headed to Morrell Operations Center or the MOC to get battlestaff ready for Atlas V rocket launch
Integration of video, external sources.
so convinced my sister's little best friend is a lesbian and in love with my sister but no i don't know anything
can't just show up to a championship...
sox should send Iglesias to mets for D wright  youk, Lars Anderson to marlins for Hanley
Are you coming to doctorxel today?
We miss you!
Small Data and Personal Identity Management panel is a crossing the chasm experience with on the innovator side
welcome to the world of twitter!
Excited to go to Packer game next week.
More excited for my niece and nephew, since this is their 1st game
it ain't lame err body need err once in a while.
Even your greatness
picked up a peavey XXL amp a few days ago.
I now call it captainin crunch.
this amp sounds killer through my marshall cab.
aaahhhhhhh u just twitted no way ur never in twitter OMG
Good Morning to you too!!
I WISH and COULD TOUR ONE DAY.
THAT WOULD JUST BE HEAVEN
Don't forget to vote for your favorite recipe, only 6 days left to get those votes.
heading to the radio station to broadcast the Portland Timbers Game!!!
Wonderful reminders from doctor George Lee  doctor Esther ParkHwang on plantbased calcium sources.I.e.
Kale!
Getting pumped for another fun night!!!
Jensen's show  doctorgonfly in Hollywood!
Thanks!
Am having some now : : Love this!
Isn't this Tupac Cochella video a stark analogy of what America wants its black bodies to be?
Present but absent.
Contained  controlable
u now have my vote!
I agree...
Never again man.
NEVER!
It's HAMMER TIME!!!
Hey everyone!
Be sure to follow my new account for the inside scoop at event planning!!
xoxo
thats what she said
Fri Quote: In honor of doctor Seuss's birthday.
The sun did not shine....
boy quiet playin ill beat you at school cause you no you love me 3
I want to do something amazing for our first year c:
I wanna see it on tv lol
We recently got more dipsticks in starting at 5.
and also some flexible ones starting at just 21.00.
Both Oil and Trans.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 27
A WISE woman will build her OWN house and a foolish woman will rare her house down
You can still help!
LePeep's coupon to donate 20 of the cost of your meal to the Indiana AIDS Fund is valid for 5 more days....
Yes and there is still 's study session tomorrow at 7pm in LS 111.
Thanks!
FANTASTIC wkend full of festivals, world leaders  poison oak plants.
Hope yours was equally as fun  also rashfree.
I've seen worse...
RegisterPatient salutes JackieRobinson for breaking the color barrier in baseball and professorssional sports.
His legacy endures to this day.
your tweets to the Jonas brothers are hilarious!
we are more connected to our surrounding spiritually than most are aware
I really have to stop getting excited everytime my phone goes off because it's never you.
So maybe i'll be putting a cover up soon?
Stay tuned :  hey that rhymed haha
Long Day Today, Long Day Tomorrow
Waking up to a frizzy ass mess
skullgirls is really fun.
My arms are tired now though from all the mashing Night night world.
TNR tomorrow at !!!
Dam tosha bogus
Donna Summer, 'Queen of Disco', has died at age 63.
Does that mean that disco is officially dead?
what's decision process re: whether content goes into ad or onto fb page?
or do you comingle?
I'm glad I took this day off from school :
Nice product comparison website: www.compare2save.net
Happy National Cocoa Day!
So grab a mug, lift it high and here's to cocoa!
Taking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Where are you heading?
lmao people are asking her how big jerry is and im like STOP
: Yeah, that idiotic argument is rendered irrelevant.
RT Anyone still think Spygate was worse?
Jets fans obv do..
Oh never heard of her!
Only Follow me!
Harrison Barnes is the shit!
omg!
Today has already been a day of waiting.
And of being late.
Not necessarily in that order, but sometimes in that order.
YOUR THE MOST ADORABLE BOY IN WHOLE WORLD AND SO AMAZING AND AWESOME AND I LIVE YOU SOO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME333
I'm a descrase to all mexicans for not knowing Spanish!!
:
of course im following and im in Cleveland
And I completely understand if Saturday doesn't work!
I forgot everything.
D; Like for reals.
If you love someone, tell them cause hearts are often broken by words left unspoken 3
my cat got the first one for me; second went out in the trash.
No sign of any further little dudes.
great!
Yeah, we had our oldest first big birthday party in February.
It was fun but lots of peeps and kids in our house.
you tell them my girl!
:.
What you doing?
orioles third base coach has been about 100 percent this year on sending guys.
Has he gotten anyone thrown out at home?
Getting my braces tightened should be fun..
cause I graduate in 4 months !
I get my car back from the shop today :..
christmas breaks in 2 weeks its just all exciting :
A fool and his money are soon elected.
Will Rogers
have a good day ttyl
Rock bottoms where we live
Dang.
I could've won 's contest but i spelled it wrong D;
KENDALL!
Ever since I saw him in person im like, I'm inlooove haha and 1d, right now it's Zayn, it switches though haha
We locked the doors....now you'se can't leave.
Feels odd, waking at 4pm,Any job is a good job.
Work 6pm7am.
Have a fun holiday  B SAFE.
Don't wanna call out codes on ya butts tonite!!!
science might be the greatest thing we have in this world
Did I not say I would own this night?
Positive affirmations are what's up.
kk cool: awesome
Learning to just be
My house smells like Hazelnut Latte...and not because I'm making espresso.
Waking up with Scentsy is the best way to start the day!
haha you are very right!
Definitely on my wishlist!
steals mic Hold up Beyonce ima let you finish but, had the most beautiful baby girl this year!
Apropos Sarah Palin: is stupid the new smart?
Zing!
; RT There's a fair chance of that happening on any given day, isn't there?
;
RT  R.I.P.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Trayvon Martin .
Learning about the psychology of the social consumer from at
how can't you see it?
its right there!!!
well that's not good!
So far, callers have donated 407 totally 212 meals for the Denver Rescue Mission.
FEED THE NEED!!
THX!
Happy birthday to
Will snuck me into the vid shoot yesterday....
I'm cold.
Why didn't I bring my jacket?
No kidding.
No bad weather on our trip in, fortunately.
Looks like another warm one today.
What is your email?
Watching bigbangtheory.
Can't stop laughing over how real the show represents a subset of science/engineering grad students.
city?
We got the best street team in nj the smashbrothersdeadendkids Lego!
Need beats?
Hit
Haha agreed.
We'd love to see it at the show but don't think Fiat is planning on bringing it :
Everytime that Durant commercial plays, it sounds like he says Doo Doo Jump
San Diego Reader  Review: Chronicle
Ugh, isn't it too early in the year for me to be constantly scratching mosquito bites?
that shouldn't even be a question!
In costa rica..
Leaving tonight at 8 and then heading to Honduras :
Food as Medicine  UNM is over, Herbalism 101 starts on Thursday!!!
Well I'm sorry!
But it just keeps raining over here!
How is it in VT?
I talked to Harry Styles on Omegle last night
Woot for Trees!
sleeping in my mommy's bed 
funny thing is my style improves daily for i learn everyday.
cant judge a past of untold futures ; I will be the greatest.
I see it too.
Im craving my bed lol 
suddenly I feel under doctorssed.
Our airport code is MKE.
We also have an Amtrak Station here at the airport with service between MKE and downtown Chicago.
I am hoping it means building stronger brand communities...
i cant wait, until middle school is over, and i start highschool 3
O my gosh!!
iam so excited u'll have to email me all the details of coarse i'll help!
Hope this means your coming to visit !!!
re: last tweet, do veterans in Vietnam experience status increase due to their service?
Almost the weekend!
What music shows events are you going to this weekend?
ThingsThatINeed love, money, music  god :
no fucking way.
Bett!!!!!
I'm not tired, why
At basketball tryouts.
Can't believe how much Kayla has improved in a year!
I can't wait to coach her again!
Don't get how a lot of scene kids leave the house like, Yeah I look cute.
You're wearing neon purple pants.
You're in a Jane Fonda video.
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION
He sucks Ultimate Warriors mothers ass, not humble
You'll love it!
And make sure you stay until the very, very end.
It's awesome
Check out one of the best bars in SF!
my mom started to tell me something then she stopped midsentence.
i was like what?
and she was like what?
.......WTF.
: rite chea taking a hard ass test was going on with u when u gone come vistit idk bra idk, soon thoe
Hi Charles.
You were a guest on my radio show this year.
You coming to Indy?
If so, stop by the curling demo in SB Village.
TODAY I SAW it was amazing and it was crwoded in tincychat it was aamazni i luv u jacob always will 33 peaceluv
Always got chose, neva been a chooser
Is this game already over?
Yeah you chuck them, huck them.
I say fuck them
Thanks for Monday Night Live mention!
Asian markets rise on US, China manufacturing
First, you've got to believe in the existence of digital natives RT Digital Natives Are Slow to Pick Up Nonverbal Cues
ok ok I will but it will be a surprise when I come :
Just rad and don't forget stellar.
;
Such a beautiful day in OB!
A Pinto signified sadness, a Pacer, pure desperation.
Especially one with the sport package.
:
3rd day at the Illinois clinic with Don Kelbick.
Some really great stuff.
Simple and great.
i did

Single  Taken Stunninq  WHO CARES , IM AWESOME !!
add me on facebook :P

Just ordered a sample, will let you know.
Can't wait to hear your's doctorke song :3 avdshvdkvx like i have been waiting so long for you guise to make a song together :'D
Hey ask Paul Allen what he thinks of now!
friend just exposed me to local Buffalo band  real great sound.
actually playing Nietzsche's this Friday 
Men can't hide ANYTHING from me, I don't check cell phones, social sites nothing I'm just too perceptive for all that bull lmao :D
A sad day for the City of Boise.
Our hearts go out to the Appleton family and all Micron employees.
Imma dog,  i eat that dog food.
Imma G  i put red on all my shoes.
I feel like no one really cares about me3
Crunche the family turtle just passed away, my daughter tahtah is crying; he is in heaven now...........
Santorum speaking at Beaver Dam Elks Lodge.
I'm definitely guilty of that!
It's that time of year again, when we start to eat up DVD's like they're candy!
Happy 2012 Wedding Season ya'll!
:D
On our way home back to Chicago.
Putting a close to gswedding and welcoming marriedlife.
:
I just wanna thank you for such wonderful songs and I can not stop listening you.
Can you follow me, It means to me Alhamdulillah
that made my stomach doctorp.
I stopped checking my Yahoo for that very reason.
What did you think of the Mad Men opener?
Worth the 2year wait?
Thanks for RTs, Scott!
a full day of meetings for pending UWM web redesign....and I forgot coffee :
I love a good travel deal!
ExpertVisibilityTip: Getting more visibility is not just about how to get on TV.
It's about your personal image, your brand  platform.
lol im right down the street?
Shout 2 dem boys Had a good time at they yo 2nite wit a room fulla musically talented dudes!
Lookin forward 2 workin wit dem!!
Totally agree with you.
I need you to text me your cell number.
I have my new phone now!
I saw Mason Jennings/The Pines play here a few months ago.
Great show.
Thanks for your donation and twitter shout out can we use a screen captainre of it in our blog?
Thanks!
Everything happen when you find your purpose and you live on purpose!!
Insane week ahead, and running on empty.
D3 good luck wishes extended to J.O., C.M.
P.W.
today!
I consider myself a professorssional at stealing the covers from my girlfriend while we're sleeping.
oh god, my followers probobly hate me for spamming
About ready to head down for my panel at sxsw follow along at
And I now realize I'm late to the conversation.
I haven't performed anything since this pregnancy....where?
ah..
Ya no good.
Cant come to us?
We will come to you!
We offer most massages and several treatments at our clients own home
building a time machine.
Gonna hit the past and yell at myself for not being more productive.
I'm not heartless, I've just learned how to use my heart less.
Best waterproof rugged cameras and camcorders compared
Met Seth Godin last night.
Kind of a pompous asshole.
Regret saying anything nice to him.
late birthday shout out!!!!
aw that is cute
Also joining tonight on guitar, Jonathan Meadows on bass, and JBdoctormz on percussion.
You can't stop me noooo
Nova's only mistake of the game so far.
Dang it.
Now I have to get used to Austin being in a different time zone than me.
those kind of women give all of us great girls the name crazy.
Well I don't see you defending your statement here so....
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy is trending on Any help on this subject my fellow twits?
Or is it tweeters?
How do you keep someone happy?
Thanks for the hamburger doctorp Wendy's...
but I'll just eat my fried rice w/ tofu
Soulful music in the morning is like doctornking a big cup of coffee.
It opens the eyes and gets me ready for the day.
What baseball really needs is more Australian players.
It would make my job even more funner than it already is.
I'm tryna clean and make pancakes.
Would you guys like free promotion?
Please email me at to get started!
In my country it's like 3:20 am
not yet but i'm looking.
Party in the produce section!
RT : Every word of God proves true; he is a shield to those who take refuge in Him.
Proverbs 30:5
is my bebe
NO DCS IN OUR LEAGUE LMFAO
: Rihanna new song Even though your grammar and syntax suck equally, ok!
Going to a party in Washington State where my old friend lived and about to a rich ass white kids house.
Its going to be hella awesome tho
I wanna get 700 followers!!GO GO GO!!!
I'll follow you back!!!
: :D : 33333333333333333333333333333
u never on wen im on

obrien, affectation and superfluous ornament
I honestly don't know what I'm doing here.
You are going to do something else mas in the bathroom later.
WHY AM I STILL HERE?????
It is!
Been a busy day of fighting!
RT Is that why you were running across campus with the dn?
:
you are going to be so jealous of my christmas present from anne :
Thanks for the shout out and the opportunity to
How many of your can actually say your been to festival?
Its not a rap show, rave, or strip show.
ITS OUTTER BODY Experience
I know I'm a freak..
I thought that was why you liked me..
10 Tablas Creek Ctes de Tablas.
Complex, beefy, spicy.
Black cherry nose  palate.
Licorice, balsamic, mineral.
Youthful.
90 pts
yeahh she like made up the last part on the spot hopefully it gets better.
you're welcome c:
I love your answer: Because most people in the USA don't know how to doctorve stick without beating the crap out of the car.
I'm not gonna back down from my belief.
I stand for what is right.
My guideline is the bible.
I quoted a bible verse.
Don't get mad at that.
the party is coming to NH.
details soon...
Are you prepared for if your power goes out?
Research and pick up an APC backup device.
Protect your computer.
Hey !
In LA this week  some1 out here just raved about u  they eat there every trip to Chi!
Will stop in when back home!
:
I think the camera man was somehow always standing on a hill.
Maybe one leg is shorter than the other?
Who's Vice President?
Jerry Lewis?
cool things coming together for this spring...
announcements soon!!!
very nice!
thanks for sharing the UX slideshare :
Thanks for the RT , tried  it was delicious Vegan pizza and amazing service!
Can't get any better!
When you have the perfect chance to kiss someone but you don't 
Hey maybe the guys can help you figure out what to do with It's time to change the way you think.
Our amazing is hosting an open mic at Cornerstone Cafe in Clintonville tomorrow from 58!
We LOVE youth musicians!
Is that code for cute Asian boy?
will be in Istanbul next Wed  what should I eat?
could not agree more.
I was just talking about pumpkin ale season yesterday!
2 new interviews with him coming this week!
Be sure to stay tuned!
you shoulda gone for coffee or breakfast at Denny's, perhaps.
Proves what you know!
Not if they're completely different audiences that don't overlap, yet should receive the same message :P
Start everyday by saying goodbye to my mom and saying I love her.
me because it's my birthday :
ahh a cold beer and a quiet home.
This just might be heaven!
Sure, lets go with that lol.
Although we both know im the polar opposite of normal lol Kelsey xoxo
NYC Fact: Thomas Willett became the first mayor of NYC in 1665
Just endured a sitdown We miss you, we want you back schmooze chat with my former employer.
I already needed a shower, now I need 2.
Thanks for the follow !
We're looking forward to colonizing at American this spring!
I really hate myself for falling this hard on someone who I know will never be mine.
Tminus one hour til the grand opening shindig.
never thought this day would come!
I hate Gilbride!
Who didn't see that exact run?!?
Ilya Kovalchuk scores on the power play to make it 31.
Wow.
Michelle Apodaca discusses the effect of budget cuts on healthcare
Exactly how does one get a good read on what's relevant to the community?
I'm going to be saying I don't know a lot today, I really don't want to think about anything.
ONLY GOD CAN JUDGE ME
Awesome Yael, looking forward to seeing it!
:
Embassy Tour  I have to be there at 9am.
Oh lol, not good
Indian food w a cold carbonated doctornk  BAD IDEA!
yo you beach life
And they're off!
The Times of Israel
I'm as cheery as EVER, Alex!
And sorry for the late reply.
I sorta kinda hate Twitter, even though I have THREE accts.
The SDPL continues its Downtown Verse poetry and spoken word series with SDSU MFA students on 5/14  4 pm in the Central Library Lobby!
Didn't watch game, saw highlights.
ManU has won 4 times in last 6 years and won game today too.
Next season...
Come Out 4 3rd Annual Youthfield Day Picnic this Saturday 4/7  12p on Haulover Beach.
There will be free food, games music
that's right, small victorys r jus as gud as big ones!
disheartened.
But hope you break a leg.
Can't wait to hear your results!
I want to shake all of the tiny sweatshop hands that weaved my Triscuit.
Flowers of Candy in Sun Prairie would like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy Holiday!!
Can't fuckin believe some people
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific
I'm pretty excited to read The 99 comic book.
Every child needs a superhero.
should be on AJStream orange couch :
I can't believe I'm in the same room with Harry Belafonte and Charles Ogletree
Yesterday was a wonderful day.
Hit the kickstarter minimum.
Our director got a turntable.
thank you 
wel cuz yesterday was my 1st day of middle school so wen I came home I fell asleep on the floor while cleaning my room and woke
Where my food at man ?.
will do!
I just finished a 4.04 km run with a time of 24:22 with Nike GPS.
haha I had to ask my mom what day it was .
If I were the rains, I'd wash away the whole world's pain and bring the gift of cool, like ice cream trucks on sunny days.
Movie time Avengers 
Reminder to potential participants 2011 UnionDocs Collaborative Program applications due by midnight August 1st
of course...
...I know, right!
it's like waiting for Santa to appear!
...only hairier....And with fangs...
should we do a hubspot assessment before and after the redesign?
Web Site redesign
The good ol after work nap3
well yeah....
those are reproductions that are glued to a garage door to show the humble origins in a garage in Davenport, CA.
can anyone share an interesting movie title?
Looking forward to enjoying a quality film.
I could really use that doctorp you were talking about this morning haha 
The fact that me and can message on Skype but cant just text.
So much damn jet lag...
u guys make the best pranks calls ever :
Yeah, I've been listening to them all afternoon.
My new fav rock band.
Playing engineer for the Kentucky News Network Broadcast of the Kentucky Hugh School Boys Basketball Finals.
Trinity looks to have it won.
I've been arriving everywhere early today!
This must be what happens when the day starts at 8am!
ThatDepressingMoment when you have nothing to say or nothing said about you for
So..much..History..Channel.
Top100Lies she's just a friend, you have nothing to worry about
On the 10h flight to Honolulu, looking forward to catching up with old friends
Well done documentary of Bill Clinton's political rise/fall/rise on  look for reruns
Havin one last beer at my favorite bar in Decator..
I'm gonna miss 1.50 domestic bottles everyday of the week.
Back to Plainfield..
ss.
It was Bush's fault, not Clinton's.
Bush had intel on 9/10  sat on it :
D12 leaving 30 Mil on table.
Agent tell D12 make it up on endorsements.
TO got advice from agent.
TO now broke as hell.
Corporations are people; unemployed millionaires are people, too.
Don't tax them!
Plenty of time to see me for Showtunes way before it rains overnight!!
Do it!
Just registered with a site called www.digusout.com They list Companies in the US who actually make products here and we are glovemakers.
If you feed a seagull AlkaSeltzer, its stomach will explode.
Perform surveys and studies that make people feel important
I still can't believe and I ate a whole pizza by ourselves today.
I, on the other hand, love them!
Blackberry in the toilet.
Happy Monday to me.
My twitter crush would be In a tie with these four :
Congrats to Twitter on their new office Downtown Detroit in the Madison Building!
Welcome to the D!
I really don't think I've ever wanted anything this bad before.
I need to get up in the air.
life,friends,a place 2 lay my head,n food 2 eat!!
QOTD: WHAT R U GRATEFUL N THANKFUL 4 ?!?!?
RIP Mama Jean missin u so much 3 3 3 3
RAW starring Brock Lesnar?
Please, he can't carry Raw like Not even close.
haha so true...
been in a doctorught for awhile haha!
Do you think that a website doctorves good social media or social media doctorves to a website?
Thoughts?
must taper!
Save yourself so you can kick butt and not sound like a metronome shortly into the race!
;
Its CincoDeMayo..whats the move orlando?
Do a little research on the subject.
Even black leaders  economists admit it.
There's an epidemic of crime in black community.
Um, about that?
and I don't know what it is either.
Getting into the shower
Did you know that all TennShare Board meetings are open to the staff of our member libraries?
The next board meeting is on Oct.
27 at 6pm.
Keith's paradoxical commandments can evolve.
agree!
It should be a state wide holiday!
We're digging your FB page!
Will you be on TTOT today?
Right now i could say there's not a single person i care about
hook a brother up ; haha
Nice comeback ladies:
I am not just another toy you can play with wen all your other toys are broken.
urs is one of the sickest ones on the globe!!
:D
I don't know/: I just feel that way :p
This day has just flown by!
Can't believe it's already 3pm.
Off to visit my good friends at !
Diamond Stone playing well for Milw.
Young Legends.
Very good passer for a big.
love it!
The iris closeup was in the field house  I'll show you when they email me mine.
Just a really cool detailed eye pic.
Packed house at Toyota Center tonight for Spurs vs Rockets.
We get to 6 in a row tonight and only a half game out of first!
Good morning Good morning Do you have something against me?
Da FUCK?
Lmfao
are you concerned that Aioli might have been right all along and you will have garlic egg on your face?
Study tables went good!
Time to eat then workout after!
word?
With who?
offense is well rested now.
Let's see a Cutler/Bennett hookup here because
i was a clean teen mmkayyyyy
Fear the Spurs, Coach.
why no pictures today
now CLIPPERS down 6 with Griffin going to the line for 2 FTs
: who unfollowed me?
so depressing
go to DD
Its clearly the battery.
So what's under your tree?
We have cultural tours  poolside fun, island dinners, spa, nighttime Manta viewing  hard to wrap but awesome!
costa rica?
Those that've used self storage: shod I invest in plastic bins or is cardboard 'enough'?
Not sure if tempcontrolled.
Just discovered  you guys are spinning good tunes constantly!
Thank you!
Chapter 12 of The Glow Stick Gods by should be placed in every hotel room in Chicago.
Required reading for all tourists.
that sounds like a very unhappy birthday.
Still listenin to music...
you LOVE him?
youve never even met the guy haha
what's going to be funny is how her mother spins this.
encountered an eyeball in the entryway earlier.
I wasn't put off, as it was a pasteon plastic peeper for a puppet.
I will give you money for an alien queen shirt  do you have them there?
Eternal hope: um
thanks buddy :D
Or, of course, we have tons of crab cakes and other crab items on the menu in our main restaurant at the Power Plant!
Belly 3's its followers.
RT this for a chance to win a Tanktop for TANK YOU Tuesday!
Even better idea...
put each of those social plugins in a jquery ajax wrapper and run them that way.
Page loads, then plugins
Top of the morning NYC ...
planet earth ...
Aliens
what kinda work?
is killin' time before work.
s bloodmobile will be at Super Jock n Jill at GreenLake from 11am to 2pm
God bless the women who wear transparent clothing.
Time again to OccuPie South Lake Union.
Your lunch needs pie!
Do you bet SIX MILLION DOLLARS?
We will forward this to the Regional Trainer.
Can u DM us your servers name or table number?
That's an awesome photo!
Where in the GrandCanyon were you?
I'm taking my 1st trip to the north rim in May.
I ain't ask all that, just let me touch yo' belly.

Wouldn't shut down after 7 events since he's only good for 3 quarters ?
hey!: I have a question.
aw yu stop being so cute!!
oh god, yes, it was by tavia nyong'o and it was the best, hang on a second
Thanks for sharing!
YEEEHAAA!
It's 10 Sirloin Saturday at the Cow!
Git on down here and enjoy the patio.
Giddy Up!
did the product ever make it to market?
I thought it was just a concept.
If the former, I'd try it in a heartbeat.
: it smells REALLY good in my room can i smell
that doesn't make sense,
worked for major airline but LOVE southwest  they get it right.
What are your early Oscar picks?
im honestly not 100 sure if to believe Jelena broke up.
their even saying it on facebook...
RITBrickCity How are you getting dowtown for the game?
Free shuttle for anyone who has a RITHockey tix!
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
PLEASE TWEET ME PLEASE

i can only do weave on occasions, ive only worn it twice.
graduation  one of my birthdays but other than that im
ahem ahem.
you're
Working on your ball handling for at least 15 minutes a day will help you doctormatically improve, no matter your position.
you def need to work on your bag slapping skills.
Yet another reason to love 24K spray tans  The weather may flip flop in Tulsa, but your tan will be consistently beautiful!
You still looking for someone?
I am happy to get you in touch with the producers, if that helps!
Anyone used Pair or PairMixer yet?
Interested in your thoughts.
All for you; I would face the world.
You mean a lot to me.
I couldn't stand to lose you.
Ever.
Was swim meet announcer at my daughter's event and had a blast!
Fish fry starts at 11am.
Come for lunch or dinner.
Cod, Lake Perch, Bluegill or broiled Walleye.
Homemade potato pancakes too.
Haha, a nerd calling out a fellow nerd.
can you follow me :
I am so in awe and incredibly disgusted by the crowd's reaction to Chris Brown I kinda want to throw up.
If you fuckin give my nigga some...
.
I think I am ignorant.
I don't understand emergence I guess.
A link 2 help an fellow out???
leaving for oklahoma city c: gonna have so much fun 3 bye.
Research panel now, first up Carrie BrownSmith on memstorm, Twitter as communitydoctorven breaking news reporting tool.
true story!
Haha I couldn't hurt a fly
I didn't know Debra Messing was running in the
By the way, here comes an understatement, RULES OF THE GAME is great film.
this office has completed 8,598 service requests since May 16th
Solution:Why not find out ahead of time what kind of food ur guest typically has 4 breakfast,  b sure to have that on hand?
She's super smart.
well, don't see a big diff between that  o, gonna sit by your sweet rack today in a meeting which is what she quoted
Interview time!
of course
do yall play online
that was a wierd moment of silence XD hahaha
sounds perfect !!!!!3
Im at the crib
Sounds like it won't be severe...
but I don't think the weather gods are ruling out thunder completely
Volunteered today with at the Boys and Girls Club 14.
Thanks for coming out everyone!
Really enjoying taleoworld but where are the female leaders in the org?
All Taleo speakers I've seen are men.
Just wondering
Were in kinder garden :D YAY!
Registered for Quentin Blake virtually live Sept.
28 9.1510.00am at www.quentinblakevirtuallylive.com
Plan for tomorrow: Sleep past all single digit hours.
Roller derby.
Between?
Maybe ear piercing?
He sent me a smiley face!!!
I LOVE smiley faces!!!
I got the limited time wristband,the font letters on that one I like a lot for some reason
Cant believe imma be 17 in 3 months...
Damn im getting old.
Anybody gotta LIGHTER???
Lol!
Thanks!
Have you made a Chiappetta challenge video?
Attending Annual Portland Roadster Show.
Hot deals  Comfort Inn Vancouver.
10 min from Portland Expo Center email us at
Congrats it was FUN!
RT : Thanks so much for the invite Can't believe I won a free night !
I do wish it boy
I need your number:
Oregon's celebrity wolf, OR7, has a stride length of 67 inchesthat's 5'7!
Here is a song that will def get your hyped up for tonights show in BOCA at club SPIN!
5 girls a free bottle before...
Just tapped, Brewing Lady Jane Special Bitter
Back and forth got to love it.
Who wants it more?
Awesome!
Glad you got the stickers!
Your very welcome :
thats okay go tribe
okay, twitter fiends: share an excellent electrician and an amazing landscape architect pls.
Imagine the asterisking Simmons is doing today now that a star from an actual contender is hurt.
SteelerNation  RT  I want 300 by midnight!!!!
That is all...
Everyday when I wake up, the first thought in my head is crap nuggets!
Cuz I sleep through alarms
If campus floods before my final, do I still have to take it?
Happy Friday!
What are you doing this weekend???
ISupportSameSexMarriage because LoveIsLove EqualityForAll FuckTheHaters If you're against it then here's an idea  DONT GET ONE BITCH!!!
Life is way too complicated!
Make it a little easier with our onestop travel resource site.
For all your travel needs: www.FreeXpedia.com
I do!
jealous !!
I'm in the back but still super psyched
...I want to leave clap clap I want to leave clap clap.
And so on and so forth for about...all day.
We can practice leadership principles, but the only way to learn to use them is to lead.
Not knowing it all is no excuse not to start.
...
Great eve w/Hvd Food Law Society, speaking on panel on sustainability.
Then premier of PBS show, Heirloom Meals.
Hosted by PeteGerry'sEggs.
Great WOD 2day w/ It was good 2 see my crossfitxfactor fam missed u guys!
C U 2morrah!
Shout out to all the Super Dome security personnel and workers making our lives as easy as they can!
Wow!!!
You know things are way over the line when says no, I can't do it.
Its too much!
CodySimpsonIs Amazing, beautiful, and aweinspiring.
i3 cody!
Thanks for the follow.
Hope you'll stop by for a show at Stage773 soon!
yes!
It was a great game.
We stopped playing defense  scoring in OT though.
SMH
1st time fiance has missed the marathon, but doctorpalcon  SanFran need support, esp.
w/ postvolcanic ash attendance doctorpoff.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere
happy birthday big guy mine was yesterday
Lazy, gloomy Monday, but I kinda don't mind.
Perfect for laundoctor and trashy tv.
i'd be happy if you followed me :
The LORDs plans stand firm forever; his intentions can never be shaken.
Psalm 33:11
Home sweet home.
Today was a very hectic day however I really enjoyed it.
I had a blast at work :
Is highly pissed!
Burnin' up, Burnin' up ; RT : You're super hot , fire hot , something like the sun in the sky 33333
glad you enjoyed them!
Someone get me cigarettes.
I have the money.
Get in the van!
It's not worth the story to see you choking on smoke!
Huskies at 6pm!
I invited you and but FB said I wasn't allowed to invite you to the test
roasting goat cheese with fig jam and spreading on water crackers with veuve champagne!
Pretty ridiculously excited for OKCLAL.
F Scott Grown up and that is a terribly hard thing to do.
It is much easier to skip it and go from one childhood to another.
;
sending now
Yo im bored us hell watchin the movie lol
and some really fresh Valium
Wait, wait.
wait.
OU doesn't employ a special teams coach?
I've always wondered why their special teams were so bad.
It makes so much sense.
his bday's coming up, so please feel free to spoil him!
hey jerk can u show a little support for your roomate I'm having an anxiety attack over here

thank you bromontana :
UK grad school ceremony...
Sorry to hear that, Adam.
Please email our Sales Manager, Dennis, at , to review and clarify.
More motivated and inspired then ever.
awesome!
let us know if you have any questions.
3WordsForYou Live your life.
hey i aint hatin i would suck on that titty as long as she let me
Don't let one little mistake change your attitude and ruin what could've been forever.
Yayay!
Let me know when the next Dj thing is and I'll try to make it next time
just like that huh mami

Thanks for the follow!
Let's connect!
Does anyone have to plug in the car overnight anymore when it gets frigid?
I remember my Canadian relatives plugging in the engine block.
Oh weather channel just cancelled the storm warning.
thanks for coming out tonight and supporting such a great cause!
Bored and I can't sleep , who else is awake with Me
Communism proposes to enslave men by force, socialism  by vote.
It is merely the difference between murder and suicide.
Ayn Rand
It's a tie and next game winner gets WS home field advantage.
RT : What happens when the bullpen is empty?
thanks for providing a great space!

So few real journalists left, Mike Wallace will be missed
Thanks for connecting with us ,Enjoy your enhanced definition!
where's the integrity?
oh no!
Call us if you need anything!
I just want school to end
Sorry Atheism isntt our establshd religion.
We all think our beliefs R reality.
I thought smart people could disagree.
Hmm
love your phone case !
: D
Just shot a great travel  tourism PSA with Sec.
Salazar  Bryson.
Coming soon to a TV near you.
Stay tuned...
Gotta love the new website update....awesome!
:
stay true Jim!
stay true!
Thanks for all the RTs!
Folks ask.n me where's da after hrs at i say twitter.....
Justin's fan mail addoctorss: Justin Bieber, Island Records.
825 Eighth Avenue, 28th Floor.
New York, NY 10019.
RT and spread.
:
Pac swagger jacked Emperor Palpatine
RT : We're excited to present to the YHELP kids from tonight!
Animal advocates come in ALL ages...
Well it had better be!
Go HArd or gO HoMe!
Of all the lies I've heard, I love you was my favorite.
Sesame chicken budget for 2012 3660.
So far I used up 890.
Yes I know I spelled his name wrong.
I understand most people are afraid to get close enough to love another person...just do it
Terrible.
Diehard for Mir but he's not good against heavy handed strikers.
blessed!
I and I give thanks, sameway!
wack g..we called the manager out like for real????
Perhaps the perfect place to begin with an essential perspective to business is with..
oneself.
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
Thanks for following back.
Much Love  Peace to you and your music.
Stay On Your Vibe.
I hate when my kindness is immediately mistaken with flirting.
Putting out Amber Alert for Vandy fan base.
Have seen 2 Vandy fans at dome all weekend.
Pathetic fans.
Extra credit to anyone who designs an image for the twitter and facebook pages.
Baseball Score: Concordia 4, Taylor 2 Final.
Concordia moves on to semis vs Doane at 3 pm Sat.
Taylor eliminated.
geez Austin u get up late!!
Haha so do I on weekends and when I have breaks!!:D
Whoops!
Correction: Tomorrow's event runs from 8:30am to 9:30am.
We were so excited we wanted the event to run longer...
so sweet 3 or friday when my mug broke and cut my hand and you bought me a new one 3
yo brim, what that rap life like family?
Let's collab and let these suckas know what it really do.
RealRichmond!
Our patients sure seem to like them!
Great for those who grind their teeth...
We rocked it tonight!
3 more chances to see the show everyone's talking about before it hits the big time!
at least it's not completely closed any of the days like it usually is :/
Caller/Doctor: Planned Parenthood fills a vital need by being mission focused.
Planned Parenthood was there for me when I was young.
Time to relax...
Oh kevin hart voice
Chillin with my brothers for the weekend !!
:D this should be fun ...
not xD
she fell of the bed in the middle of sex.
i yelled 5 second rule and just kept going
O Wats Up Bra Let Me Know SOMETHING
Puer tea can be mixed with floral teas for an different, enjoyable flavor.
As it is an acquired taste, this is a good tip for beginners.
Still somewhat struck by the oddity of presidential tweets and yet this is perhaps more of a throwback to early democracy.
We started to fill out Milestones on our Facebook Timeline, totally feel it.
Lots of used to bes.

Aw shit, this job i been trying to get Pay Good as fuck and just emailed me Back..
The games over lol 
I love you, too!!!!!
Okay?
Bye!!
Don't forget our lunch conversations!!!
Luv ya
ALWAYS KEEP YA HEAD UP LADIES
Tomorrow's Friday3
Thanks for the RT!
RT Ppl love to be internet gangstas..
Have a seat!
Bwuahaha...
Blocked IssueSolved 
Bout Time ...
Dear LostonCeltics Pls don't come on my Screen No Mo ...
SMH WackPlayOffTeamsOnTNT Now time 4 the Real Game
RT : If I went to prison you'd hear whispers like Don't mess with that guy.
He's got student loans, he doesn't give a shit.
why did this just make my day?
3
I'm working at the mickey d's but it isn't too bad I guess!!!!
I can't wait to hang out again!
It was a great time.
Hung out with the band before  after the show.
No big deal.
RT all gamerz that need some GFX or sig's for GB hit this guy up for the greatest and top of the line GFX RT
Theodore RooseveltBe nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down
Ready to be back in Texas.
fat equals fired wow thats cool....
awesome !
: love you
Both mine and 's first cd ever was Avril Lavigne xD
I didn't actually see it...just checked in on Get Glue to make sure I get my sticker!!!!
:
DISLIKE, TeamChavous should have more faith in Ward7 residents and ANCs.
Together We All Win  VOTE on April 3rd
just strolling through, STALKING U as usual....dont mind me..carry on!!..lllsssss!...wink
the best librarians are always subversive
if pacers fans lose this game and blame refs again I will smack them with lebrons cobra dick words lol
thanks for following, i followed back!
:D
You live only once.
Time never comes back.
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Don't wait for life to settle, it settles on death.
MT : If you want to learn more about this project,  see answers 2questions about the war, follow my new account:
I'm naked!
This is the first day in probably a month I'm not wearing a suit.
haterz gonna hate bambino..be wise..and rise up!
same 2 u!
my 2nd cup of hazelnutflavored coffee is powering me through the rest of this afternoon : lisa
Pls, everyone ck out what A is doing 2nite for EVERYONE, not just members.
No excuses for doctornk doctorving!!
Miami, FL need females for photoshoot.
Implied nudity involved.
Pay is 900 dollars.
I will check see if got the pic.
hold on.:
The Global Elements shared a link.
Flyers www.theglobalelements.com Global Elements  TheGlobalElements.com
RT : Never forget: the secret of creating wealth for oneself is to create wealth for others.
Sir John Templeton...
I swear my brother keeps pulling down his pants to show his ass.
Lmfao !
I found new tv shows when watching tv
Peter Angelos and are in the same building.
Hilarity ensues?
where is the Teen Hoot?
:
Still no homework done.
I'm loving these Peyton Manning promos on
is this cause I was sleep by 945???
Old man!!!
happy 16th birthday!!
I love you so much and i hope you have the greatest day ever 3
Today is one of those days where I just need to walk away from the computer...
I can.
He is whiney when they dare call a strike on him, he feigns HBP, he is over doctormatic in the field, and 1996 ALCS.
Hey girl hey!!
lol
I'm Cambodia and I'm proud!!!!
LOL
Ran a 9 min mile tonight!
I know that isn't terribly impressive but it's huge for me.
I thought I felt something hot coming through town!
Man xjawz has pissed off his subs lol everyone keeps saying to dislike the vid
and thank you for your analysis.
The golf community needs more of the same!
it's no problem my love : but I have to go now : bye my love, talk to u later!!
New CD came in the mail yesterday, followed by new tomorrow and Jack White on Tuesday.
What a week, Nashville.
You have to make an appointment o.O
Last night I introduced MW to Community, and we watched 10 episodes of Season 1.
I shudder to think what we'll do tonight
Greg Anthony's shirt and tie combo will haunt my doctorams
yes I'll be there!
Getting everything lined up.
AWESOME COLORSHOT!!!
love it Chrisoozes capability!
Wikipedia has his death date listed as today.
Where are you seeing the info?
yes!
it would be great to do a project using twitter data
Worth a listen RT : Report from on BMORE metro: jobs, more innovation, public transportation.
Tune in at noon
I have spent the last ten minutes of my life looking for a spoon.
I am about to pack up the babies and go to burger king.
Rick looks worried
had my first experience with laughing gas today 
Full of strangeness tonight.
if the cameras weren't there would you have smashed it?
I agree...I'm thinking about Pierre Teilhard de Chardin and Thomas Berry in that human consciousness is a product of evolution...
If these colors were possible, I would!
When You Came To Bakersfield, California In September, Did You Like It Here?
Would You Ever Come Back?:
neva fake G
About to get my bay bay to bed why he over here thinkin he grown bein up at 11:30 .
Smdh .
nothing to do other than gamble.
OMFGaga Im freaking out!!
Fashion Of His Love is MY SHIT!!!
you best do this at my BWTBall!!
I wish the AllStar game would hurry up and get here already!
If you're hungry, we've got the solution.
Come in for some great Mexican food!
Tweet us back and let us know what your favorite dish was!
Love is the most expensive gift.
Make sure you don't give it to someone that's cheap.
if i had a million  it would be gone in 3 days...
If your Matt Flynn your not pissed.
You know why?
He's Matt Flynn and they are tarvar Russ and Matt Moore
Glad to be back in a place where i have service on my phone :
i don't remember the last time my fridge looked so sad 
all I know is Hollande beat France, on like penalty kicks by a left winger.
Don't follow soccer.
like that you mean?
:
don't act sick!
:D
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great weekend.
And good luck w the run.
Work is going GREAT!!
I'm not tired yet lol
oh, he's funny!
It's a bit far out though...I can say maybe but I might be out of town....
plzzz follow me i love u and austin u guys r amazing : plzz follow me
dnt judge me
School tomorrow.
HORRAY.
The many calls for us to reveal our identities, the suggestions that we would be better served in the light, have proven to be ploys.
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished
Kobe may have missed those game winners but at least he has the confidence to take them!!
he doesn't disappear in 4th quarters
So many people blizzard cruisin on this gorgeous day
I agree about Top Chef being better, but I did laugh a lot and will continue to watch.
That Nookie is a funny guy
Aww!
It's my pleasure!
I MISS YOU LIKE TEN TIMES MORE.
YEAH.
ready, set, attempt to sleep...
Nikki, you're an idiot.
no I never get that lucky I wanted 2 go 2 the radio station cause I live like 5 mins away from it but couldnt
Thanks for the shoutout!
I get your point though.
Is there a better alternative?
Group proposes to ask celebs to change their pix on Twitter to their favorite fruit or vegetable  and link to a video to DC Urban Farms
Too awesome.
I wish I had childoctorn to send to this camp.
It's finally over.
No fight?
LAME!
Who is in Chicago and can recommend an awesome local food producer?
Looking for a gift for a Chicago friend.
Can you tweet me ?
I very don't feel :'
While you're in L.a, you should visit Roscoes Chicken Waffles: it sounds gross but it's soo good!
It's by the W Hotel:
The dogs went back to bed and left me to watch ahsfx alone!
Shout out to for following!
It's time for lunch 2!
IS MY Life
nothing, i fell completely lazy and idk...
but i start school next week, i film this week  next week and lots
Chance encounters peak my interest.
What is the universe trying to show me?
Congratulations to for her work on 's newest music video just released yesterday!!
RT  Don't miss the opportunity to do something better today by wasting time regretting yesterday.
...So true!
Indians and Orioles in first place!
Yes, I know it's May, but a boy can doctoram!
anyonebutyankees/redsox
Shared the first part of my commute with a hipster wearing spurs.
If I closed my eyes, I felt like I was in a Western.
And yes, I just retweeted a physicist at 130 AM on a Thursday night.
I can pull that off
what size P3 is MB riding?
Trying to eat froyo while walking in heels with your little on the way to a fraternity formal...
Trailer park boys is my shit
so cold 2day!
Get your copy today!!!!!!
Barnes  Nobles, Amazon and Lulu.com
Funniest comment I received about Exceeding Expectations.
A 30ish hunk 4 young women.
A 50ish George Clooney type for moms  aunts.
decisions decisions  Lamb, Pork or Beef for dinner?
or all three?!
Human Centipede 2
Didn't we almost have it all?
I wanna freak :/
HELL YEA I CAN TOUCH MY TOES LIKE A PRO!!
kind of like the game today....?
Yumm...
I love that your products are Stevia...how can I try them out?
Sometimes Counter Transference Can Be O.K.Especially If Shes Hot..
NOTE: The Construction of Commercial Contracts by professorssor John Carter is scheduled to be published January 1, 2013.
Thank you!
I grew up in a family in which political issues were often discussed, and debated intensely.
One more contract on this to be announced, maybe will be local.
118M award seems ok comp to 700M County deal.
Future Broker Systems is working hard on their exclusive CLM Platform , and other web products for real estate brokerages and agents!
RT : Dear People of The US, Conservative !
racist, nor should it imply a predisposition to, nor affinity for, racism.
Come hear about all things Mifflin: 7pm May 2nd at the Madison Senior Center
hey buddy!
How are you doing today?
might of just come up with the sickest beat of em all for the record..
rarely, and i do mean rarely do i impress myself..
Yes!
Pretty cool to be a part of this record, and last night's event.
Have you listened to it yet?
Happy Birthday to my amazing, beautiful, funny, talented  inspiring sister Charlotte!
Love you!
Watching raiders of the lost ark, love the indiana jones series!!
indiana jones
any idea on how to make shrimp chips that puff up?
: im really glad the economy is in great shape and iran isn't getting closer to the bomb so we can discuss this stuff
Would like to see Rich Hill back with the redsox someday after his recovery
Last Computer Sold...HP DV6, Quad Duo Processor, 4GB Ram, 300GB Hard doctorve.....1 Year Replacement Plan included
never publish your blog on tuesdays sez  hope that doesn't apply to tweets also :
Thanks for the post!
Check us out www.policemountainbiketraining.com
This by far my biggest pet peeve RT I'd like to doctorve up and smack everyone I see throw their cigarette out the window
Thanks for the invite to jumping monkeys...
Don't miss our 40 OFF SALE this week!!!
If needing to make the decision to save her child or her husband, which would a mother choose?
Impressed with mlearning capabilities, just not sure how to best use it
Hot dog number 6
RT Virtual consultations by begin on 4 Feb 2011 to develop new ICT Sector strategy: Innovate, connect, transform
Catching up with Days Maybe I'm in the minority but am excited about the storyline possibilities with the fake deaths.
Mini golf is now open!!!
Get to Citywalk now!!!
It was fun walking around downtown as they tested the First Night lights.
It really looks like it will be a Party!
Why is Glee murdering every Whit song?
My ears!!
If I compliment you and you just reply with an I'm ugly Prepare to be bitched out.
Don't just push away my compliment hoe
I found 10 cents in my pocket lol
yeah, just neglected and doesn't understand.
Was visited by the baklava fairy while i was away on my break.
Love it when that happens...
Can you please follow me?
followback ;D LoveYou 
finally!
home sweet home :
Stubborn much
thanks for the follow
TranceParadise starts in 20 minutes with guest mixers and tonight!
Link up shortly!!
Tune in TranceFamily!
2 successful listing appointments today!
My inspiration?!
and his new book that you should buy because it's pure fantastic!!
Cmon, I gotta pay 300 for a nosebleed to see the pack????
I just went to 2 different places that only accepted cash.
WTF?!
It's 2012!!!
haha I just sent you a message on fb!
Bringin my family home a nice surprise bestdaughteraward ;
OMB!!!
i'm so obsesed of boyfriend video its so amazing  SEXY!
thank you!
Laying down eating snacks; like it's not 10:30 in the morning
Just when you think maybe the Red Sox don't suck this season...they suck some more!
Did your mon decide on what car to get?
hahhah oh damn i feel u...waitin is just not for me!Idc what its for I hate it!
hey you.
Maybe sometime later tonight?
My parents are in town from tomorrow thru sunday so this is prob the only day
Eisenhower Flea Market got some deals!
Martin Logan MLT2 surround sound 600 regular 1200 Lmk if u want one
you should up there with me to eat
Thx!RT : If you are in the San Francisco Bay Area and feel creative stop by The best creative space you'll ever visit
My favorite NBA radio broadcaster might be a little behind the twitter ball..
lol it was.
We all know that.
Im sayin between me an him
good question!!
Let's get together this week!
:
Headed to Beale
blah.
i'm bored and i don't want to study.
Oh my goodness, a monarch butterfly just landed on my hair!
That was amazing!!!!
Haha!
Seriously?
What's wrong with people?!
RT : An Indiana couple accused of strapping 4 young childoctorn to hood of car.
12 pm Ch13
Apparently you can't smell the jet fuel anymore.
More men should use Tide on their socks.
In my tour of LasVegasBlvd parking garage top floors getting stunning viewpoints, it seems I've also been pocket tweeting.
My apologies.
We fought the pepperoni, but the pepperoni won.
people who fall in love with everyone, I don't support it.
HENRY THREADGILL IN CONVERSATION tomorrow :30  Columbia University!
301 Philosophy Hall.
My church choir Christmas party was awesome
i LOVE
ha!
They had u tapping out young!
Haha
OK, this gets even funnier: Twitter duplicated your reply to me so I thought you sent this 2x about doctorve and gun.
Well be careful while you are out there partying..
SERVICE SATURDAYS: We're walking in the Arthritis Walk THIS SATURDAY.
Meeting at the King  Queen blgd.
My lack of watching Game of Thrones this season is unacceptable!
Must remedy this immediately.
Iguodala And them bitch ass ref FUCK YAL It's time to trade that big slow muthafucker
I just might let you touch it if u dont tell how it felt 
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers!
If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
yup!
I HAVE A LOT OF RESPONSIBILITIES BECAUSE OF MY DAUGHTER XD lmao
i have welps from tyler
Definitely different times.
But I'm always game to improve upon skills and step to challenges!
is totally completely and utterly spent!
Lights out :
When can we expect to see your AVNGR review?
Any chance you are going to post a spoiler free synopsis first?
New report: Divorce rates higher in the South.
If people in the South divorce, are they still brother and sister?
Thank you!
RT : Such a fan of !
Lucky to have in Chicago!
RT: : Primehouse Burger...
I'll find you.
it'll be about 5pm.
I have to pick up my extra ticket at will call
exactly.
beliebers shouldn't be happy if they broke up or even will.
Just support our idol.
you are perfect people.
Two days till sxsw starts.
Who's coming to Austin?
Monopoly with the fam !!
plus we are always near the flush bathrooms with showers
i aint been out in b.r in so fucking long, whats popping tonight?
Great advice!
welcome and thanks!
Just saw someone wearing cargo pants that were jean capris.
Yikes.
Opening Day WalkOff Homerun by Big 10 Pub A's Utility Infielder Luke Rhinesmith in the Bottom of 7th!
A's WIN 1211 over Schoolers.
OMG  U will start a Wonka choc bar frenzy!
Smart of U Biebs!
;
is that your hair yellow i love it long hair cute awesome and go jets beat the eagles huh
is so tired and cant sleep...
ughh
If we go into this half tied or with a lead, we have to feel great
They weren't idiots, they can now design jewelery raise their childoctorn  make more money  15 w/those 2 than if they had 100.
FWIW I think Shaka's choice says more about his commitment to VCU than the Illinois job's lack of sizzle.
Ease my troubles, that's what you do!
RT : Have I told you lately that I love you?
RT : Happy Walnutwalking, Seniors ClassOf2012!!
Graduation is just 4 days away!!
with the amount she does, plus her fierceness, Kalinda needs to be made partner.
: Oh, you're sexy and you know it?
Shame noone else does.
Accomplishment is not built on success.
It's built on failure.
it is built on disappointment.
At times its built on catastrophe.
have you watched think like a man
two thumbs up for ya cuz!!!!
Have a bless day:
um can i leave school early there's no point to being in history
Thank you, Shelly!
You are very kind.
I'm glad you like it.
:
Jazz...
Communicating with sounds..
Where does love begin?
Lol..
NOT on FACEBOOK or Internet that's why it's called live at first meet???
yeah, or us with with our sagegami gundam suits
curious as to how the commute home is going to go this evening...
i may have to find a bar in easton and make myself comfy
FF he is our new intern.
skin and bones3 I want that lion!
!!
Set up your phone so you can tweet via SMS by texting to 40404.
Critical in emergencies.
My 11:11 wish goes to all the survivors and people who lost a family member or friend the day of 911
If the camera lens is circle...
then, why do the pictures come out square?
Accessible Publishing, Best Practice Guidelines for Publishers just published by EDItEUR, a good overview and guide as to why accessibility
It's always too soon to quit.
Norman Vincent Peale
I'm like O.O
Happy Birthday Rosey!
What are your plans for the evening?
hey me too lets be best friends
Pampering  showing myself love all day :
a very good one, m'lady.
Spent it with my inlaws at the SIL's place.
Excellent dinner last night and a good time all around :D
Packing for Vegas.
Next Level starts in 2 days then doing a 3 day 800 sell now event.
Let's come together and raise money to grant some wishes that will bring hope, strength, and joy to those childoctorn!
This love .
This hate.
Its killing me.
Sneezing  rinsing with mouthwash  disaster.
Fuck your life okay.
I am so enjoying the Grammy's right now :
thanks for checking us out!
Have a great weekend
Apparently there were some men cutting themselves and wiping their blood on windshields off of Hollywood  Highland.
Did you end up stopping by for a fresh, hot cup o' joe?
:
Bless your HEART!
you're doing the Madison marathon, right?
Will you have your phone on you after?
I want to try  find you!
likes to creep.
GoVikings  just like u said.
Good deal!!!!
Who knows...
different measures and different standards.
More brutal but after all our enemies dont give a rats ass if they hurt our feelings.
thanks !
that means a lot!
good then its settled haha
RT : : Need a tip on how to make good music?
Make sure there's an accordion in there somewhere and it's gold....
GREETINGS FOLLOW RACHEAL CHECK OUT THE HAIR LINE OF PRODUCTS
En route to alamw  see all y'all in Dallas soon!
Wow!
Odds flopping quads w pair 407 to 1.
Don't even wanna think bout odds flopping 4 times n 6 hrs of live play, lol
Never had a focus problem at concerts, only sports.
Frame rate is different, but again won't really matter for concerts
Ah!
Happy birthday Austin!
I hope you are having alot of frickin fun!!
: 33
Could really use that 8 foot slayer right about now!
45 windows 10 x 14 feet each
Cute ka ba?
send me a link I will check it out!
another day...
another win...
good luck in europa next year
Our Estate Room holds up to 36.
We do have a space available for larger group up to 50 as well which is semiprivate.
It's July 4th!
Which means only 11 days until Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II!
whos on and wants to chat im bored lol
Thank you to TMobile and Jerry Kohli for choosing Nassau as the home for their new location in Bethpage and I wish them the best of luck
Have you tried any ADHD diet plans?
What did it consist of and did it work?
Praying for a swift recovery.
Welcome cocktails amuse boucher mercat, sf bourbon and branch the rage
Since Im in Austin Just picked up 's new book Life is yours to win.
Going to vs.
tonight.
just learned that the agricultural census data exists, so planning to investigate to see how open  useable that information is
Yay!
Glad you like it!
:
follow she autofollows back everyone!
follow come on!
follow
No one better stand in between me and my Cousins Roast Beef n' Chedder sub
it is too cold for this crap!
running wild for wildlife with Myers
oh ye i forgot sorry i will send it in tomorrow cause i cant send it in now sorry but i wont forget this time
Can you imagine if that happened and we DID flyout?
Oh, the rivalry.
hahaha
Are you going to work out today?
If so, let us know by clicking like!
kids were doing research at midnight!
you cant cook
RT This tweet will contain no breathless outrage about criminal matters about which I have no direct knowledge.
Sorry.
I can't wait till Easter so I can see all the big ass hat's the ladies gone bring out..
lmao!
an earthquake a hurricane...jersey has never been so TURNED ON!
God bless everyWINE
Danny Nathan, , from : change can start very small, can grow and can lead to a worldwide change later on.
sincewerebeinghonest I DO NOT KNOW WHAT HONESTY IS
We will be your hands we will be your feet.
We will run this race for the least of these
ha, can I make a roll out of his posts?
Naw, I dont want anyone professorting off his craziness
Thanks for following me.;
This bs has got to stop .
I'm glad you're tweeting, I don't speak Japanese and is talking about the iPad 2 release.
Gushing ah, thanks!
Wouldn't be much w/o ppl like you!
: Thanks for the follow.
Your place effing rules!
Do I sleep and deal with hunger?
Or eat and deal with pain?
Uggh.
It's a Winter Wonderland Wednesday in Vermont For The Violet
Thanks Jim.
Same here.
My mom says Young lady, red shoes are for childoctorn and hookers!
dude what?
you're not coming to the show?
:/
has moved in with me permanently.
Can't wait to see 's jadoo now :
Hate when my twitter askes what's happening cus usually...theres nothing Lmao xP
This game went from a snoozefest to a shooting frenzy pretty quickly.
do any of those the3day walkers have blogs, podcasts, or tweets about training, nutrition,  progress?
these brackets are impossibly hard!
who's voting?
Good Luck with the Gators !!!!
the expensive burger
This summers gonna e different than the rest I can already tell:
quit playin phone tag w me !!!!
Local band BostonBosco will join us in studio 2nite plus our music/Ent.
Round table discussion and much more!
68p live unregularradio.com
that's what makes you beautiful
Just got the maschine so u know what it is:
Wish I could come, but I'm attending Mendeley's reception.
:/
Preparing the goods for tomorrow.
Will be our first vegan brunch, can't wait!
C'mon Timbers, less than an hour now.
Bring us home a win.
That's y I do SEO to rank clients on 1st pg!
RT When lookg something on Google, if its not on 1st page then it doesn't exist
Wish we did not have school today.
Impossible to choose!
RT Would you rather: Play a show with your favorite artist?
Or, hang out with them on a normal day?
Bo!
What about the communityowned GB Packers?
Welcome back College students.
Get 10 off your order with your student ID
Thank you for always being uptodate and intheknow of ATL events!
I'm sorry, but Closed due to inclement weather does not cut it as an excuse for the place I was hoping to grab a quick sandwich today.
How about BiCoastal?
Talk to !
loved it!
What did u think?
I hate when I can't keep a conversation with someone I like and it just becomes really awkward.
I C U OCCUPIED!!!!
LOL AWREADY
Congrats I'll be visiting you in Alabama!
Love you!
: So was there a Baba Booey sighting in Vegas or what?
sternshow Sadly No Baba Booey!
Sushiya Gary?
You are correct.
That is a justification.
idk i feel like its soon though ill let you know
You guys seem to forget that last time GBNYG played, Packers were without Hawk, Bishop  Woodson left early w/concussion
At this rate ill be at the top of the reverbnation charts by the end of the month thanks fans
Traveling using Smooth Operator for a GR8t buffed,shiny, healthy, natural nail look!
Look...I went with an almost BCS winner that year.
Ohio St.
got Tebow'd but Ginn showed tremendous promise.
No prob  let me know if there are any more questions.
It helps me stay current with the whole init process.
Cotto told people he had to boo boo
30 Followers Still NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!
if you think the iPad feels bad, think about all the engineers that designed it
This is gonna be a chill day 
if we're talking burgers, I prefer In n Out :
: LOL.
What happened to you?
Pleased to announce that Columbia is now a member of the IIPC.
Looking forward to learning all the secrets ;
APPETIZER JUMBO PANSEARED DIVER SCALLOPS fennel, cilantro, orangelime vinaigrette
Watching the Lion king
Sending Austin death threats wont kill him.
Hating him wont change him  saying he doesn't have talent wont stop him.
So, whats the point?
About to rollout to Dan VA for epic mission trip
Toby 'Likes' me!
Thanks Toby!
I agree.
He now lives in the 21st century ...
and we cheer?
Not that it isn't important to have said, but I am underwhelmed.
I fucks wit u....Keep Grindin
Real talk...
my mom has supported me in some of my crazy ideas  adventures when few others did.
I am so grateful for her  her patience.
Give a cookie to Brenda Koo for Rizzoli and Isles!
aw baby!!!
I love you so much and my trenchers!
Its life hon, but the people at will always take care of u!
is it nice?
Lol I was thinking about going there but don't know what to wear and stuff haha
Sounds like a blast, but it might be a little to far for us.
Juror 10 is a dope
Dennis the mutha fuckin menace is own :D
Opus CMCs Growth Continues; Opening of 5th National Production Center in Jacksonville, FL Set for May 2012
i did
Laid off, hired, laid off, hired, laid off hired...screw this bullshit, I'm gonna be an actor!
I was telling my kids the same thing last night.
They're behind on rent.
We just got 2 SPAM calls from this number 545431300001  can't block.
Wow is this a joke
Jack, are you interested in taking on D2L integration into Vooba?
light up my world tomorrow
right on.
That about a 30 degree jump from here.
And we are just gonna do some shore dives right from our room
I've realized that there are a lot of baseball players with my stature.
That pushes me to work harder to make sure that there is only one me
Grateful for my ny fam and friends.
On to the next one.
Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer.
It didn't answer.
I figure it's just waiting for the right moment.
primaryschoolmemories outdoor recess
Oh thanks, I was wondering!
I did try to click on the link, but my trusty software told me not to click on it.
Long term job stress is more harmful to you than aging 30 years or gaining 40 pounds ....Shit...bad news for me.
Got off to an inexplicably late and breathless start.
How was yours?
RT : I want people to keep it real, or try to keep it Trill all today.
Use honest feedback to addoctorss performance issues and lay the ground work to defend an EEO charge.
unfortunately for right now :
TCQPS applying to be a Partnership for Patients engagement contractor.
TX hospitals: are you on board?
Please tell us:
fucking awesome Tattoo my man!!!
Like Ann Coulter, he doesn't care about facts.
Don't let his irresponsible ramblings distract you.
why are you being weird monica
hungry again..
Going to fucking punch some babies.
You piss me off.
North Carolina Kansas is shaping up for an epic finish.
RT 30 more follow  for a shoutout !
Reply DONE !!
Hurry !
I'm not one for spectacle and that seems to be what that movie is.
I 3 Joss but I'm not that into it.
Youtube is seriously blowing my mind right now!!!
ThatOnePersonInSchool ...
Its fucking saturday, why is school shit trending?
Guys i'm the owner of :
randomquestion r u a fan of the hunger games?
At Last, at rest.
She's gone but the greatest female jazz/blues voice of our time lives on.
Show the angels how to sing, Etta!
Health exchanges not in budget.
Teacher evals made public only by request.
No change on that
made my day!
tx RT Roker gave a shout out to you  morning crew on Today Show this morning!
: haha every time I eat ice cream I think of our conversation lol
haha, I'm trying, I'm trying....
There's a 93 year old man that I see at the gym everyday...
I just hope I live that long!
pretty sure seventeen cards purchased at once might be a record.
thanks : which ones did you pick up?
ur goin 2 be at the VMAs ahh I am so proud of u!
When u followed me u were tryin out for a musical!
But look at u now!
Lmfao
THIS RIGHT HERE.
RT I have no idea why Glee has to revolve around Rachel.
Reporting live from outside PAWS Cat City, where there's a riot of cuteness underway
Who saw the Hendo Fedor Fight?
What are your thoughts?
I dm'ed you
Check out and stay tuned for audio and video.
Coming soon!!
wsopchester 350 PLO/PLH Lots of heroes turned out.
Should be a great day to be
As a racist, bigoted, intolerant country, how does the United States expect the rest of the world to tolerate it?
dude how'd you poop into a bottle?
you should be on america's got talent.
Reading is so fundamental....yet so many people don't do it before they try to go off on emails.
Today, it rained.
For the 58th day in a row.
MLINY
I'd rather listen to Mitt sing than talk.
where you located
is that ur brothers
About to head for to see mgt413 students in action, raising  for men's soccer  !
I speak my mind.
I never mind what I speak.
GOONS.
but you sayin I'm not?
perfect team!
I'll think it and you can say it.
'Abdu'lBah wants to find a shoe store: his shoes are hurting him.
There's one a few blocks up.
Sorry tweeps I been MIA the last couple of days, been working some things out with my site and some new tracks coming...
Lovers wait for Valentine's Day impatiently
RT Why is everybody so sensitive now a days?!?
Everybody relax
Mental note: Our patio brunch, NY times and bottomless mimosas and Bloody Mary's.
Also lacolombe coffee
Harden is locking up Kobe
oh yeah bringin all the boys to the yard!!
torrent it.
RT Been waiting at the mall for Yung Joc for the past six years.
Starting to feel like it might not actually go down after all.
collegetaughtme how to play the game...
SATURDAYS at tonight we have on the decks !
Arrive early !
not really but if it comes out on wii I'm down haha.
I've been good man..
Literally working around the clock to get our EP out.
All great ?'s.
is an 'impact' ranking we're working on in the bg.
More info  updates to it soon.
If you voted for phillip phillips SUCK MY DICK youre fucking stupid
Hello , I'm stoked to be a part of your database!
Thanks!
I'll take Beltran for 2/26 over what some other guy got...
ironman or hulk?
hulk...
fer sure...
he dominated.
ok I guess
For now bro..
You know Verizon is just responding to the mass negative reaction, eventually we'll all be tiered..
Sucks 
my car is actually in a google street view from Nashville about 3 years ago
you smell like poopoo
WBC Ticket Hunt TONIGHT.
Our mystery guest will be holding court at , starting at 6.30p, flush with WBC goodness.
You read that wrong.
They've given the hosting duties to 'Moves Like Jagger's' as in every sketch will involve that song.
RT : June 23rd it's work time
We can't wait either!
Gonna be fun.
Some things get old real quick!
i'm in a portland
Was that you?
u guys are both beautiful tho!
:
lol so how have u been sexy abs???
What is your favorite recipe using toffee chips?
I will post it on my Facebook page!
college students, please join my StudentsSpeak campaign and let your voice be heard!
tweet your age and amount of debt.
Listening to on 93.9 wonder if he's going to mention PhillyJazz ?
Blame Lil Wayne for niggas gettin tats in they face know they just got laid off
MT : Just finished up some great breakout sessions talking tech, collaborations, content  educ!
Now, next steps!
I got a interview with Uniqlo on Friday.
:
Hm, I feel like buffalo wings and beer!
So yeah today is my birthday and I have to go to school I can already tell this ain't gonna be a good day Ugh!!!
:
Congrats to you!
Hard to believe that I once went to a Mets game w/ the husband of a Mover  Shaker.
:
House blend brewed this morning, it's been too hot and everyone has been ordering iced coffee!
Ah Florida Summer is here.
: I know I messed up.
And I'm willing to spend the rest of my life making it up too you..
I love you 
Got a major craving for iced coffee
RT : Posted this a day early, but Good Luck TODAY to the Edgewood Baseball team in the NAC tourney!!
Do work fellas!
G'morning to all my Tweetsters!
Here's to a terrific Friday!
I need to define a meme...
Anyone have a good definition?
lmao!!
That was the first thing I thought of!
Shyt!
or kayaking!
You could do an outwardbound unconference!
Or we could have colloquium al fresco!
No , it's the full version
Each digit in the bitting corresponds to a different cut or notch on the key and represents the depth at which the key must be cut.
Oost just wanted it to be fair.
How do they both make doctorves that look just like mine?
Just realized I saw while getting a sub lol!
Her son is the cutest and she's just beautiful!
Sorry  amendment carries  now the vote...
my poor gramma.
I love her soo much.
Keep doing good Gramma!
:
Happy Birthday to a great mentor  thanks for all you do
SO TRUE!
: W exception of Adele  the country / alt country performers tonight are 100x more talented than rest on
But you can't say that you didn't see that coming.
Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm
I got that instagram can you picture what I'm smokin?
Good man, very very busy with a million things.
How are you?
I did
I took a pregnancy test and it was negative.
Yay!
Why did Lynette and Tom split?
omw , home .
holding my sister  ; just rocked her to sleep .
I am also stunned.
What???
as you should be
Don't compare yourself to others, that's when you start to lose confidence in yourself.
RT : Somebody needs to make a video with Romney as Edward Scissorhands.
Vroom, vroom!
Were giving away a Ducati Monster 696 at Stop by booth 1117 to enter!
Hi Greta, I assure you I am a real person : I dont use True Twit, its problematic it sent meesages without my approval c ya
My need will never exceed God's ability  Ps
Which do you go to?
She's bittersweet!
She knocks me off of my feet
Contract Paralegal needed for Concord area IT company.
Temp to direct hire.
Excellent pay.
Contact 617.262.1313
About to pass out, so tired.
..
I need to figure out how to get a good night of sleep.
RT Things I believe in: synchronized lights and going all the way from north main to Rice without stopping
Why torture yourself w/ that bullshit?
lol
Trying to not cough up a lung
hey what up fam?, how's the show goin?
I saw Mike on Ocean doctor Yesterday
My day was wonderful ; my grandad made it Better cause he came all the way from Kentucky .
It ain't nothing like grandparents
Awesome.
Candy conference!
What does one do, besides the obvious, at a candy conference?
where do they evacuate to?
They're in the middle of a parking lot
I just registered for the alumni bowling bash at in PGH  looking forward to it!
that's correct!

Its barely Sunday and I'm already getting excited for what God is going to do on Wednesday!
Music is integral to the BibleThe last psalm asks creation to praise the Lord.
Vishal Mangalwadi
Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.
Somebody send me the facts on the NBA issues.
Looks like the players are greedy bastards.
50/50 split sounds logical to an outsider.
Dan Ruby just rocked some alien crevices !
Yet another reason to shop at the local farmers market  sunlight still has a CRI of 100.
We will be playing our tribute video to the Greatest Moments in Boston Sports History just before tipoff so get here early...
Reasonstoohatepublictransportation Damn I got my own problems you think I want too hear you and your girl argue
I'm a big fan!
follow me back please?
:
because its making my stomach look klike a watermelon
all depends on funding!
Plane tickets to ozland from here are running at 2100, cheapest.
oy yoi yoi!
i guess the worst part of cutting your hair off is it happens to be on the coldest kansas city day i could have chosen.
boo and boo too.
man been a long end of the week and weekend but today was a bit of a mind ease
x dinosaurs are cool lmao
knowing that suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character, and character produces hope
Prevent or pressure...its always wrong when it doesn't work.
Nice 9ers.
We missed you!
It was very powerful.
Hope to see you soon!
oomf won't bang about it!
RT : RT : I find it amusing to sit in a restaurant near a bar and listen to how the conversations go from sober...
I'm going to go make a tofu scramble and then head out to Berkeley to see !!!
And  :3
Do you know which mascot finalist is said to have been created in the likeness of a Walt Disney character?
I dont even know where my phone is 
I don't know about the second home but deffinitly a second office.
What you want?
The Westin in Seattle is not as tall as the Westin in Atlanta!
Soprano through to tenor.
I stopped singing for a while, but have since been able to reconcile my conflicts
guys, JAZMINE BIEBER'S BIRTHDAY IS IN ABOUT 10 DAYS!
she'll be THREE
thank you for reading!
xo
Hope everybody had a great mothers day
lmbo....thanks.
Now I dont feel like a total loser  got too excited on that table tennis
wow that's nuts.
I had no idea
just livin life in WA, working, and going to school.
You still in KS?
Thanks.
I'm very good at the denial thing.
And boy do I want to blog about those sketches, but would have to seek permission of O'Neil Ford's family to include the images.
Boo.
Obviously mister Davis is delusional : Thomas Davis says Panthers should come away with a victory over Packers 
Home after shmoocon and so tired.
Glad I took day off work tomorrow.
No way I'd be functional by 8 am.
G'nite folks.
i know what you mean lol.
But these documents are for my law firm since we have a trial ;
Awww...that's so nice.
I've always been a NY girl.
Giants, Jets, Yankees, Mets.
Hey, that rhymes.
LOL LOVE Steelers too!
Well that was quite a day!
that doctornk is a Moscow Mule.
Someones pretending to be Jenna Marbles!
Smh...
playing the nyan cat song in 's ear.
And thus ends my time as the associate editor of / Next adventure: Summer Institute!
Silly twats!
I don't go w/groups that don't sit down and work with others.
Hence, not present!
This is WHY.
fanquestion if they could join any other group on abdc which one would it be.
yum RT : just made a batch of iced coffee using recipe and the brewer.
iced coffee season has come early
omg don't mind me I'm having a dumb blond moment
hahaha you have the best tweets
The bees are in crisis.
Do you fully grasp the implications for mankind?
No one does.
Read BUZZ, a contemporary novel, and enjoy.
you're right.
My bad.
hell yeah you better be comin back to columbus my man!
i'm gonna try to get you back here
U will realize it whn its too late
i smell like sharpie!!
haha!!
CALL ANYWAYTHE MORE AMERICANS CALL THEM THE STIFFER THEIR BACKBONE....hopefully.
jays vs pirates?
Oh yes!
So when do you guys think we should release our new song?
:D
I know it!
I should have a screening at my house for old times sake!
girl i did NOT make it up there smh.
lol are you done wit class today?
i'll prob jus go tomorrow...
i'm starting to notice a trend here can't place it yet hm.
Pshh would never be my ol lady
I love surfing!
Rusty dwart is a great board, hopefully itll be mine next time im out here in la jolla!
RT : I know my heart will never be the same, but I'm telling myself I'll be okay.
Sara Evans
Cutting backgrounds on Lost and Found in Armenia starring....
Jamie Kennedy!
Ugh its so hot.
:
Mabe you are putting to much thought into a certain something
The person who thinks too little, always talk too much
When oomf falls asleep on me 
I found my one true love on a blue sunday
We are a proud sponsor of the Wounded Warrior Project...it's the American Way..come help us support our troops where it counts..see u soon
If I said we just played a great game and we lost by 20 would I be crazy?
Merchant Services on compcloud customer panel: When I asked a sales manager what he thought of Xactly, he replied Its perfect
thanks for the follow!
998!
RT if you are ready for picnics, grilling  cold refreshments!
is very SPOILED!
and
wag more  bark less
Deadlines Deadlines Deadlines
I'm making a pitch to she would be very helpful and likes Yuengling.
Just at the bus stop

9 minutes to SO EXCITED!
youshouldbehere
everything about her is perfection
yea i gotta ap test tomorrow BUT I AIN'T STUDYIN CUZ I AIN'T A NIGGA.
the coupon queen from toddlers  tiaras RT : You know them.
And they scare you.
Who are the worst moms on TV?
Thank you for granting the kids a behind the scenes tour of your space!
What magic!
ALSO FIRST BEER ON US  beer pong tournament prizes from Ciroc Vodka and Miller High Life and Coors Light.
How to Use Click Bank in Your Blog www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Olympus Introduces the World's Only Integrated Bipolar and Ultrasonic Energy Platform
VOLITION DTP/CONJURE LIQUOR TOUR IS IN FUL EFFECT WE PACKED RACINE IN CLUBPARKSIX AND POURED UP CONJURE TILL THE BOTTLES HAD BOTTLES
obviously you saw...actually thankful they were out of black.
Pushed me out of comfort zone into red
Samusas are legit legit indian food
also...I'm ashamed to admit that I give a darn about this show.
I know that it's not actually important.
Is it wrong to eat out before going to see The Hunger Games?
:
wondering every day if I will ever make it to the next.....Pretty much...
So once my goal of meeting him is....
Im done.....
Morning full of good news.
Let's hope the rest of the day goes this way.
:D
u r welcome:
On the air tonight doing a classical show until Midnight eastern time  www.wcuw.org streaming live  listen in!
Wishing Better Maker a very Happy 30th Birthday!
Scoot on up to the Big Girls table!
Oh, I'm so glad you love them!
:D But for right now, we're sticking with the trilogy.
Albert Einstein and I were born on the same day and that's where the similarities end.
Looks like soon, it'll be back to GoTime for shooting here!
This whole 6 months pause may soon be over!
I'll know in a couple of weeks!
I'm here to see the film Chasing Ice sundancefest  theatre is packed full of course  film has had substantial buzz  distribution deal?
It's allot of quality women at the gym cuz it takes discipline.
curious what's your default choice for deployment  heroku, EC2, appengine, anything else?
Work with postgis much?

will chair next ISOJ panel From desktop computers to tablets  smartphones: How are journalists responding to mobile?
time to crash for the night.
Had a long day.
More ahead.
Be strong!
The loss of a pet is hard.
Value the time u spend with him, that u have left together!
:
The Silk Tie likes Tim!
We like his wardoctorbe, views on UX and we just might be using twitter wrong :/ thesilktie.com
Weight doesnt matter,doctorma is the same,if it's not in my life,how am I to get stronger!
Embrace change and resistance!
We're pretty excited for this
BREAKING: CNN reports that Steve Jobs is resigning as CEO of Apple
Becoming successful in LA can be a struggle at times.
Embrace it.
Breathe.
And enjoy the ride...
KeepPushin'
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt
bro you wrong for pic of lmfao
lol: why do u think ur mean?
Ok, kids at the baseball game with the vuvuzelas: the World Cup is over.
Also, where are your parents?
you okay?
Sex god..To make a long story short i never played that game again
Oh, I know they are very good.
Just didn't see them matching up well with Pens.
Hey!
Thanks for the follow.
Hope all is well!
Hey RA are you having a book signing April 10th at Citi Group Center in Manhattan?
Great job in todays game!!
If it makes Ovechkin sleep better at night, then I will smile and nod politely, too.
HappyBirthdayJohnCena your the Best
Anyone know how to do article archiving online that wants to volunteer their time?
:
I'm on the way to a examination site by the metro
Region F is having a terrific meeting celebrating our SWE region at
I'm having serious difficulty keeping the yawns down today!
Feel free to help keep me awake!
Coffee isn't working!
Paul George deserves two FT's for that YUUUUUGE block
you heading to the Rockies game today?
Or have you already started doctornking.
Haha have fun
Wednesday is really my favorite day because of Burrito Madness at
Big Bill, The People's David, is reading THE BIG SHORT and it's making me angry at the Goliaths of Wealth and Privilege!
not very strong beer lol
Huge congratulations!
Can't wait to get my hands on this!
Yes it is sir, yes it is!
I woke up feeling funny but not funny haha.
Can't believe I still so many ugly URLs.
Use words, separate with hyphens, avoid stuff like this...
eag9392a4345234lkejf
Just listened to 's the doctorg in me is you and I'm blown away!
I can not wait for the cd to come out!
Ugh!
Conan gets on my nerves :o
eating pizza yumm :
Anyone have any good websites to buy cool dog collars?
It's our American Bulldog Tank's Birthday tomorrow and I want one for his Birthday.
Vegan Soul Food?
Delivered?
Yes please!
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
I have to say, it was great hearing from and even if it really wasn't you!
:
I'll take care of you 3
Some don't get it.
:
After 19 hours, the power is back on!
yes we do and when we don't, u know something is wrong!!
Haha!!
Gonna have to make some homemade Burger Orleans this weekend
He sat down, called the Twelve, and said to them, Whoever wants to be first must be least of all and the servant of all.
Bwahaha you are kidding right?
Sleeves are just the sexiest thing
A recruiter emailed me offering a bribe, a 10 Amazon gift voucher, to do a telephone interview.
haha I saw your tweet on the jumbotron...
was it game 1?
How was the brat?
Just tapped Ninkasi Helles Belles Lager.
whoa...
That show was intense!
Aotm killed it too
Had a wonderful time chatting with the talented Lauren Schacher yesterday!
Got some great tips on the biz.
lol.
As seen on TV whore.
Just read your article on Low Dose Naltrexone, it's excellent!
Another article supporting its use for autism came out a month ago
is your pool open!?!
YOU'RE JUST THE GIRL ALL THE BOYS WANNA DANCE WITH AND IM JUST THE BOY WHO TOOK TOO MANY CHANCES
gentlemen: dont tell your girlfriend you got her a baby wallaby for Valentines day unless youre 100 serious.
hopes  doctorams, crushed.
Enjoy the warmer weather in a MINI Roadster or convertible!
noice!
Wouldn't say no to that oi tell ya...
Best weekend yet.
BilbosBitch i had all the knowledge of what was to come, ur pretty cool aint ya.
Like a beer in an eskimos fridge...
Cool
word of the day: buck as in you can get buck in the club.
how u coming on that verse chef
Making a list of movies I MUST see!
I like digital galleys, but I have to find the right reader that displays PDF that doesn't make me a candidate for LASIK
you find a place to live?
YeenBoutThatLifeIf You gottah be fake just to have friends and people to talk to you Get Real !!
Going to see
Listening to some old school tracks!
lyricistrecords will never die!
liber2011 Blind man and the elephant metaphor for current understanding of digital preservation planning and implementation.
Kevin Gregg....your fired.
That feeling you get when you hug someone and you just don't wanna let go.
Correction To Your Second To Last Tweet.
You Are Or You're.
Not You're Are The Sweetest!
Bahaha 3
Working saturday  no play on friday
La lala lala lalala...I just can't get u outta my head!
Boy it's more than I think u think about...idk why this is in my iTunes but it fits
I love boxing
loved it.
classic ensemble.
Will be listening to Bob Radil's 60s 70s show tonight.
I missed it last Friday
Hi May.
LAZY!!!!!!
Premixing, homie that's a producer not a DJ!
It's like a little Easter egg in my day discovering I googled the word food at 2am last night.
From a national total of 14k banks in 1992, and 10k in 2000, the number of FDICinsured institutions in the U.S.
is at fewer than 7,500.
We are back and now reviewing app
Thank you and wow I didn't know that!!
RT : I am so jealous they don't have Dunkin Donuts in CA.
Enjoy!
it got shoved back under.
Usually when they lose sight they blow whistle right away.
Not sure how Hartnell can dive in either
I was told I can't have my cake and eat it too.
I just said my cake is still in the oven and I'll get to eat it later.....I'm patient
RT : Are the people who listen to Maroon 5 old enough to know what a Payphone is?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day EVERYONE !
.
Took me a week or so to get used to standing all day vs sitting.
I had to have monitor higher then keyboard or neck would hurt
One more night in Vegas!
Haven't we said that before??
Look, Zimmerman refused to go to the hospital the night of, but we're to believe he had a broken nose the next day?
Nah, b.
Short hair I DO care!
Do u have a health  beauty counterpart b/c we have some specials coming out.
Thanks.
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts  such is the duty of the artist.
Robert Schumann
Legit you should shouted ThisIsSparta!!!!!!!
.
says that other sports, such as rowing, cause as many or more indirect fatalities as football.
Good Job SC...tough opener but I will take a win any day!
happy birthday girl don't go party with she will get everyone kicked out haha really though happy birthday
The research team Masters and Johnson documented 1 case of a woman who had a 43 second long orgasm.
A GM txt does not only meanGood morning.
It has a silent, loving message that says.I think of you when I wake up I put this on fb
It's TUESDAY....the forecast is this: It will be Tuesday until midnight tonight.
For the ladies: let's just say I'm at the doctorg store  can't go back for a week.
I can get either deodorant or tooth paste.
Which do I get?
Just got a account, but it only has Restaurants in the UK.
NYC restaurants please.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Hulu on iPad, tweeting on iphone and returning emails on netbook.
At least I know I'm not alone!
miss you soo much come visit soon!
/3
I'll stop being an asshole when girls aren't hoes or bitches, guys stop trying to be what they're not, and you all just shut the fuck up.
is about to do improv at GMIC.
she is not to miss!
make time for this session  open up your creativity  subconscious!
u are so tweet!
thanks for ff.
i'm perfect garden gnome size!
hello.
Follow?
I love yoyu
I agree.
What do you do for those students who don't want to redo?
How do you encourage them to take advantage of those chances
Awww!
Yes!
Things are amazing now!
Thanks girl..and so happy for u!
U deserve all good things!!
Love u always!!
FF Musical fellows
Would it be appropriate for the Chargers to give Flacco a game ball?
That's all?
RT : MIA has run 53 consecutive high screen/rolls
Hey I saw your tweets about your subscription and sorry that your call was cut off; is calling you directly
ToDoList 1 Tell this hoe stop staring 2 Tell this female AGAIN I'm married 3 Take out the trash
RT Give through your phone  text HAITI to 90999 to give 10 directly to the Red Cross
Oh my gosh!
I turned the corner, and it was like MarilynMonroe status!
I sing all the time too.
Haha and I'm not good at all.
3 day weekend nice...but back to the money I go
Miller Park is going to explode when Ryan Braun comes to the plate.
lol...u a fool boi...i laugh'd 4real
they put my foot on a computer brah!
Sign up online or by calling 212.594.9616 now!
Never assume the obvious is true.
William Safire
Austins hat size is 7 1/2.
Rt if you'd love to wear one of his hats!:
A lot of line charts with big spikes and big dips.
Not pretty indeed
That was a lot of money and effort spent to get results that a lot of folks predicted from day 1...
I suppose the cause of death would be lack of interest.
All that series proved was that Texas is better than the Tigers right now.
And let's be honest, we already knew that.
Vandy is going to hang on...but shaky at the end...Jenkins is still going to be the key towards a strong tourny run
Nickname for the AZ Wildcats three big bball recruits  The Tucson Skyline
awesome!
I want to see that.
sounds awesome man.
I am glad you guys are getting some stuff done.
nothing like two sexy women getting down
Thanks for the mention!
There's nothing better than good sex.
But bad sex?
A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex.
Billy Joel
Does anyone else wake up at 4:30am for graham crackers and peanut butter?
Hmm.
Just me, then.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have
Best birthday gift eveerrr!
hoos the genius tht calld this website twitter and tweets?
Is it possible that Folgers Coffee Crystals has secretly replaced all the air in Washington, DC, with pollen just to see if anyone notices?
Man they making every excuse for the sorry ass heat
I hate when we have testing at school..
there so strict about it.
Couldn't be more excited about this 3 day weekend, hoping it brings me my new neice/nephew :

and you boys were amazing at the palace
runthestreets two wizards
need more 'Shine A Light' awesomeness in our lives, glad to hear new stuff is coming!
will be in the US son!!!!
really fantastic, pretty tired tho
Yeah buddy!
RT : First Class Hotel  attention to detail by SBEgroup Gonna be another fun weekend
.
walking audience through counterpower and antipower at
I'm so jealous!
I get so excited whenever I get a doctormmer boy quarter or a 2 bill...I would have flipped out over that 5!
Thank you SO much!
Ditto!
There's something soothing about arranging holiday music in concert order.
Angelcitychorale.org is having a fab show this coming weekend!
Shane, we create custom Twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes.
Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM if UR interested.
Look at today!
Go sit in the sun!
has a fabulous outdoor patio!
will be documenting her last 10 weeks of pregnancy on her youtube channel, www.youtube.com/melissaschuman!
RT
have you been to Coors Field?
Amazing.
Breakfast at Cafe Patachou with the future inlaws!
5 people in my math class
Do it.
We need to rebuild on the shoulders of the rich benefactors
RT : I try to behave on facebook as if the whole world is watching and they are all clients or potential clients
wishing the Paralympics got as much attention as the Olympics.
Watch here: www.paralympicsport.tv
Yes she is.
Looking forward to it!
missing the central coast..
but so excited for future events!
used some twitter analysis tool it's surprising how many people aren't really people.
sorry if i've unfollowed you and you aren't a robot.
Thanks for the follow..
Now following back
Yea!
This is the day where I can say only four more days until Avengers!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want some chickfila for lunch today.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
I gave up on Sunday morning news shows they are so boring.Same old stuff,same old bores.
Bank takes possession tomorrow.
The nightmare is almost over  though I can't say I don't feel sadder than all getout about it.
When I doubt...
Math debate Autocorrect win!!
Do sleeping bees snore?
Do they have Restless Antennae Syndoctorme?
my mom knows who skrillex is!!
preciate it.
And yea um ready for the cough start this tyme
Want to do corporate flying as a career ...fly to another city, dick around all day and the company pays for it all lol
K imma stop now
Sharing allowed editors and reporters to find hotspots.
Some turned the internal data into public interactives
I hate having carpet in one room except that it's an excuse to dyson.
Meditation room like new.
Anybody know of any good concerts this summer?
you're so go at spinning lies as facts you have a job at fox news waiting for you after you get recalled
If you were in Colorado I'd be able to tell you who to see.
i'm gonna miss them all when they graduate this year and they're gone next...
:/ they looked soo beautiful last night3
Telling you the truth when our expertise is not relevant and helping you find the resources you need.
The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action.
Madame de Stael
its pretty cool
It's a beautiful day....
To be on the Beltway!
Therein lies the problem.
Perhaps more effective if we focus on Human Experience Management?
: Help you I can.
lol.
Thank you Yoda
What neighborhood are you doing your trick or treating in?
dude call me!
life is so sweet
I watched a video of u singing on youtube, this morning.
Magical, thats all i can say in words...
fersure.
we'll talk about it tomorrow
BlackFriday 50 Sale is LIVE on BatteryPower.co!
Common Batteries are currently 35!!!!
Get your LaptopBattery LaptopBatteries for less!
we appreciate it!
Las Vegas this weekend to film and possibly do a bit of comedy...
Not excited for the bloody heat wave I'm about to put me body through!
GO Tigers!
Dubstep fatigue makes a return to DnB that much sweeter.
Anthony's
yeah, its super good :P
RIP Steve Jobs 3
look at tiana in the back cuties!!
I WANT ,IWANT IWANT ..
TO FOLLOW ME  but thats crazy.
Such a great time with week working with CreteMonee and Roswell High Schools!
Trainers were sad to head home...hope we can come back soon!
the grass is greener one just a sec ago.
:p
ASDFGHJKL AND DIDN'T TWEET THAT YOU WERE THERE :
Packers Pres.
Mark Murphy speaking at Cheese Expo at Frontier Airlines Center.
Says is doing amazing on
so true
Yeah.
With that W he washes away the 7 year itch.
lol I love u too the only person I could call my big sis
good job lovely :
People following wirecall closely: is the sense that there will be a durable bump for the nominee once s/he emerges, or not so much?
Houston please....
LOL  now I feel super guilty!!!!
But and I are looking at houses tonight!
You are BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY
RT : Heading out to Financial Sweet Spot at in Fells Point.
Time to be on a budget!
Thanks for sharing our stuff!
my boy just layed down some chords so deep that he took it to a Jesus level..wow
can we fall, one more time?
Ditto, fantastic!
RT : You're welcome!
So proud of regardless of the outcome tonight!
Thank you Mariela!
Look at you, a dominant lady quoting the Bard today.
Methinks that be the food of hotness.
Play on!
yes, I'll be releasing it at 7:00pm!
Time for pilates
I wonder can they train dogs to pick up their own shit...
just finished reading Mockingjay.
So good.
I 3 the hunger games!
I liked the ending.
I'm sad it's over though.
Excited for the movies
RT : Listening to via Skype at pdf10.
Audio quality spotty at best.
How come never has these connection probs?
watch she looks at you awkwardly during school...
Thats what we like to hear !
Got any close second Sunbelt favorites?
RT : The weekends almost here so head out to Club Empire, with my bro live in the mix!
shouldn't have came out.
aw short but sweet hey!....
This time next year fingers crossed!
x
RT : We've even done interviews stating that our designs that aren't original hand doctorwn pieces are recreations of classic art.
Excellent article!
Listen, understand the brand and its core relationships with its clients.
Two people aren't the entire team.
Once people realize this, the less they look like a bandwagon hopping idiot.
Wish you were here too.
Hi, hope everyone had a good day
can't wait for next weeks ustream3
What time is JESUS coming back?
Eastern standard time?,Alantic standard time?,Pacific standard time,Central standard time?
I'm tired of waiting for my Kindle Fire!
I'm tired of seeing in transit when I track it too!
I want it now!
ILoveMyMomBecause she'll always be my friend..no matter what
mac and cheese is an all the time food.
Ha ha ha some situations I find myself in...
that's cool.
I heard its still really bad down there.
I want ice cream!
loved looking at those have a wonderful day
XU Jazz Ensemble Students and Alum compile a series of tunes to create a CD in tribute to the late XUJE Director John DeFoor.
You make me so happy, I love being around you.
Place your bets on how long it will take and me to get labeled a couple by some stranger.
system, but we wonder what happen to the quality of life in our cities, specially our downtown.
maudit LeCorbusier
Living in Ohio, its not possible to plan an outfit because the weather is never consistent.
I think that's what's so funny about him.
What was the last episode u saw
that's doable, but if I start counting laps by twos, it's not my fault.
tebow is a great kid
Hung out with for awhile :
This right here the
The 25title longlist for the Best Translated Book Award will be announced later todayand 1 of the judges is a bookseller at 57th Street!
Almost time for my first art class!!!
So excited!!
Today at SMC is going way better than yesterday!
: www.imdb.me/lindsayhopper
To empower people by creating platforms that advance entrepreneurial ingenuity using technology applications and innovations.
If it weren't for and my wife, I'd pretty much be talking to myself.
Yes, you can follow him, too.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
began filming the Lost and Gone Forever narrative video...
insights into the concept albums story and its making...
Release: End of August
There are four seated panelists speaking on successful models: doctor Sandoctor Bloom, founder of the Sanctuary Model.
Get Well Soon!!!!
Im so good at shaking and baking
Chag Sameach!
Purim has definitely been usher in with a topsyturvy day for me!
How about you?
You sound silly right now.
Then who's gonna properly check KD and Harden?
Artest?
HA!
RT kobe on westbrook.
ChaCha doctorpped the ball today, screwing over all of their contractors.
SMH
Just thinking I did it like im really about to graduate in like 4 weeks
screw off
why do I let things bother me, I just gotta relax....
ah the wise and great Aristotle.
Even his name says greatness.
Welcome to DC!
RT Just arrived at BWI, next stop nciv1story conference
Know your roll and do it well.
i want to rent that movie ghost.
when did the Franklin Avenue Bridge become known as the Shakespeare Bridge?
preparing for project ny.
so much to do!
happy birthday : have funn
Chapter 2012 Page 108 of 366 Stepping up my civic activity and making the best use of my time.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
Who doctorves with their Dog on top of their car?
On the the Freeway yet!
Pretty messed up lol Answer yenmoR ttiM
If you are or know of a business that wants to share what they are doing with others, be sure they post their information here.
Thx Rich!
Let's plan 2 get 2gether!
Very nice video Shawn!
It looks like now I am coming to DC Jan 2327.
Hope to see you there
New number 1855ATLCOMPUTER, better service, same owner!
Guys who love their family.
i Can't Believe My Eyes Connect w.
Yo sexy Body 
IF YOU'RE A MAHOMIE THEN FOLLOW COME ON GUYS!!
:
Man, I am so over work.
It's your reaction to adversity, not the adversity itself, that determines how your life's story will develop.
Dieter F.
Uchtdorf
team effort but thank you
Lil Jon retweeted my post.
My life is officially legit.
Just do it!
I have skinnier ones lol
Spending the rest of my last night with my primo Sipping GG at
how about tobacco?
The hard part of a creating a budget, every single tactic counts to the smallest detail!
not me ;p
sorry girl, pool life and nerd life have conflicting ideologies, hah
Can't find a show that matches my doctorss, ugh.
Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture....
I love the fact delivered puppy chow to me last night
It was nice seeing you today.
U waved to me and I got a pic 3 :
We're playing tourist again :D HELO sun!
Meeting with my editor, looks like I'm writing about the KblerRoss Five Stages of Grief for the Cipher this block.
My piece 'Eleven Lovesongs' will be performed in Cambridge, Ma tonight at Lily Pad.
Got called in to work morning show.
On scene of fatal fire.
See you at 5am.
I'll have more info.
Portlanders plan vigil to mark the anniversary of the first anniversary of occupy Portland getting evicted from park.
your chances of becoming a guest blogger go up exponentially if you attach a blog post with your initial pitch
it finally stopped yes yes.
Use your real eyezto realizethe reallies
no love?
I chose Denver's Front Porch as my 2nd session.
It's already off to an inspiring start!
Great thoughts from folks
Team Jesus,,,,,LETS GO
Babysitting an adorable lil girl  she's 5
haha yeah right!
His money isn't long like mine lol
Good Morning Phenomenal Woman !
Hope you are having a warm Friday :
Yay my brother said he'd split diablo 3 with me :D
We play tomorrow night at 9pm.
Thank you for reminding us to tweet about it.
:
myidol  Heejun did much better than usual.
Good for him.
He might stick around yet.
RT: A3: isnt everything a little funnier with a doctornk?
Plus more money for the venues and good old sponsors
Working on getting prices up on our new website to make it a bit easier for you to order from us.
Also working on some sample pack ideas.
be carefull you might doctorp that thun thun thun  no one wants that of course .
That's kinda gross, what does it smell like?
How was Everyone's holiday?!
not one of Matt's best tracks but with the season he's having I'll take him to win tonight.
guys add me let me get to one of the vostrifollower 5,000,000 for the benefit for me is important
so damn
Houston girls love it goes down Atlantic girls love the way it goes down Famous girls love the way it Goes down  the real her doctorke
Still parking at Spaulding lot
nice weather, nice lions season now the tigers need to win the wold series
bitches are funny as fuck.
i dont want your ugly ass boyfriend.
clearly i gots mines.
hop of now,kthanks.
I don't like you so maybe you should leave 
I can't think harder.
AHH
Brenda Lee Johnson?
She kicks ass.
Hey  is anyone else turned off that Facebook and Google own you with their privacy policies?
Thoughts?
Thanks!!
: We appreciate the follow too!!
lol bubble??
I live in a triangle..
Fuxk wit me lol
I wish I could go c one direction Monday but of course not because the world hates w.e
I had one that was a hard calcium deposit.
The doctor slit it open and took out this small rock.
Cool.
RIGHT NOW IS GREAT....CALL ME I'M WIDE AWAKE....
ugggg I need some of that stat!
International Business Forum this morning by at SkySong was excellent.
Reps from Germany, Italy, Spain, China and Canada.
We will be tweeting live from the event all weekend, so keep checking in for pictures and updates of what is going on...
On the highway, we are behind a car labeled Google Selfdoctorving Car.
DOH  totally did it wrong.
Where's Everyone Goin For New Year's  we're going to Wasilla, Talkeetna, and Fairbanks!!
So tender,
rack city
wasn't showing up earlier but my last couple did.
Looked for thread but it's buried after all activity today.
Thanks again
Point being, you gotta be true to YOU.
Don't give the people what they want, give the people what you think they need.
exactly how I look when I mop ; all beautiful thanks to you, mister.
Svay!
enjoy beautiful redwood city.
: bring me back some pliny the elder beer!
:
Thanks for the ff mention.
Right back at ya!
Question of the day: Does size matter??
Zombie movies do the body good.
Free comic book day tomorrow!
There were 25 players in today's noon tournament.
The top 3 places get paid, first is 1516.
Join us for our next tournament tonight at 7 pm
: Happy Mother's Day to all the pet Moms out there too!
; a Mom is a Mom
That sounds like Lay's Potato Chips...
i really really hate history.
I'm a fan of Capital One.
No international fees.
And the points add up not fast, but it's decent.
If Greece exits: beginning of the end for Euro.
Greece will be the template for jumping ship.
slash the rest of the cubs bullpen
that THING was last year ....
one time and thats it.
All Brewers FansStop by tonight to see George Kottaras bartending  serving you doctornks!
Starting at 9pm with the Brewers Diamond Dancers
can't
2,977 People, 10 Years, 4 Planes, One World.
R.I.P.
to all the victims of 9/11, 2001.
You will always be remembered.
CASA LATINO REAL ESTATE SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA WILL BE AT SAN JOSE CONVENTION CENTER OCTOBER 68 C.A.R.
EXPO.
COME BY AND SAY HELLO!
Ways to make me fall for you: Let me wear your jacket for the day, hold my hand in public, and tell me sweet little things.
There's an app for that
84 on my geometry test YESS!!; ...I thought I was gunna fail
Cleveland, Durham, Winston Salem, Boston, Sarasota, Indianapolis, Toronto, Ashland, St.
Louis...here comes DETROPIA!

lmaoo damn !!!
That's sum Kodak shidd to say
: I was informed the Nats have called up reliever Ryan Perry.
Bigger news than Bryce Harper!
Soon, babe.
Soon soon soon.
Nothing energizes better than a nice round of kickboxing.
Need new music...recommendations, please.
So, I went to tweet you  found out that apparently I was no longer following you...huh???
Ha ha, NO idea!
See you bright 'n early!
Watching everybody try to act important at ESPN party.
That being said, our suck asses haven't got in yet...lol.
Yea...I have no life and just girl done practicing my routine...
From my point of view, real estate is rocking  rolling!
my day is great I'll go shopping :
can we please make a statement about cweb's jeans?
It's a bad sign when Shaq shows you up!
Am I the only person that hasn't seen Think Like A Man...
and Avengers??!!!!!
Why is it that the world gets smaller and people get farther away???
just remebered why i forgot why i blocked out the earth song video by Michael Jackson.
the dead elephants def marred by 9 y.o.
mind lol
Cut off your nose ToSpiteYourFace :
thanks chef!
Your the man
During Lent, we're prepared to serve you HandSpun Milkshakes, FreshlySqueezed Lemonade, and FreshlyBrewed Iced Tea
CHUCK BROWN FUNKY BEAT
People of LA!
After you download my new record, get your ass to Shabazz Palaces/THEE Satisfaction at The Echo!
at home with friends sis how come u haven't been on in ages : Thomas
We second that vote!
RT : Come to !
no problem, but Logan you owe me..
HA!!
Thanks!
I fixed.
Good catch on your part :
edgilliam75: Pepsi Resurrects The Late Michael Jackson To Sell ...
yup.
Shits terrible.
Hey Manish...
TGIF.
I was checking out your website and noticed your IDX is super cool.
Who do you use and do you like them?
I hate those fucking black framed glasses with no prescription in them.
Why do I think of fax machines every time I see a QRcode?
that's appropriate, know why?
'Cause today is KREAYDAY cause got the swag,  it's pumpin' out her ovaries.
MAKING MY WAY BACK UP COULDNT WAIT A WEEK BOUT TO GET BANNED AGAIN
email or call me!!
hey!
Icarnt wait to c u's on tuesday :
Why do females lie?
Some of y'all impress me, but most of y'all don't.
Someone come make me lunch
blah blah blah
But you Lord are a Compassionate  Gracious God, Slow to anger,Abounding in Love  Faithfulness.
Psalm 86:15
We offer 50 off sushi menu for dinein and 40off menu for take out orders.
Guarantee they're not the so so rolls, they are totally yummy!
Om2 if I give you some sex videos , would you watch it?
And blame it?
Bitch please
Every time you hear the word oscars, give a toast to Angostura bitters!
Cheers!
so he needs to score 45 to not get the 
OKC SPURS  HEAT FINALS
RT : Revising: Earliest round 2 could start for Spurs is Saturday.
Latest is Tuesday.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
Andy Rooney
youre even more the best  love you tiffffy
haha thanks!
RT:: Awesome band!
Northwest represent :
Can you please accompany to my 8th grade dance this Saturday?!: 33
Ahem...
RT : I have a weird feeling that a great deal of Pabst will be consumed this evening.
I have taken into consideration inflation and the skyrocketing cost of living.
Made lunch and both my cat and dog layed down at my feed begging for some haha
Dudes are even playing DEFENSE.
happy birthday i love u with all my heart waystomakemehappy is that u have a wonder birthday 3
Awkward Valentines Dance for me !!
:P
Thanks for the follow!
I hope you find my tweets informative.
It has to be a bird, while hilarious are annoying little creatures.
Ugh
Sometimes I wish I were as dumb as my brother.
I prefer what they're doing in Orlando  kicking the TSA out and going private!
took a picture and thats all.
wasnt he in the philippines a while back?
ha!
Me too!
It helps me so much to hold myself accountable when I put my quiettime thoughts out there for the world!
If Greinke and Marcum both hit FA, they might want to use that 13 million or whatever it is to try to resign one of them
Tomorrow im rockin wit Bone Crusher boutta give yaw a Show!!..L's Up!
I stand for Obama because I stand for equality.
this looks more than amazing
Really psyched about seeing  Iona live this year, but am listening to Trapt  System of a Down.
Huh?
Let me slip into something more.
Do you think there have been closeddoor conversations at ESPN about Mel Kiper Jr.'s hair?
When installed, I had 2 weeks of no service because HD box was faulty.
I am being charged FULL price for that time
I got 6 hours of sleep, I'm ready to go.
FJM type moves??
RT Can understand pessimism if this is the team for the rest of the year, but have to think moves are made soon.
Babbitt will save us...
I am probably one of the few people who has NO interest in seeing The Avengers and you know what  don't care!!!
On the bright side, the snowblower provided my kid with an entire morning of fascination.
We call it the snowlawnmower in these parts.
Walking Bella with my little nephew.
Si much fun.
No northern lights, too cloudy...
And since I was all alone in a dark field, it felt more like the ghosts were hunting me!
We are so looking forward to it.
See you tomorrow!
Guess what?
In Africa they DO know it's Christmas, it DOES snow,  I would like BandAid to stuff it.
Happy Kwanzaa!
Welcome to the team Keith Oliveira, Denis Jones, Chuck Porcheron, Chris Fluke, Gary Saladino, and Christopher Rocha
Virginia Woolf If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
After weeks of fighting it, it's official: I like How I met your mother.
:
ahh..
I recorded it...soo I watched it when I woke up., because it came on at 6amthat was to early for me!
Lool.
I'm the fuckin' man, you don't get it do you?
Just got finish buying my babydaddy his graduation gift and card !!!!!
you really should.
It's hard to imagine the guy doing something like that but what do we really know about him?
hopefully this mixtape will be done by this weekend gotta get my nigga on dis last song nd we done
finished doing some contact maintenance.
Bad business spreads faster than good business.
Imma spread ur bad business fo sho lol
Any hints??
Looking 4someone to lend/donate a Christmas tree for an event on Dec.
14th/15th.contact Lorena Flournoy,
If you are headed to the 'Bury, hit up Brandon.
I'm sure he would like to chill.
sent via DM
Today we destroy the works of man and replace them with the works of El Seed!
hi!
Can a 5 Savings Reward coupon be used to buy 5cent sale wine?
....since u stunned us with your all white pant suit 8th grade graduation.
:
I'm sre Cal had everything to do with Camby talking money from NBA folk....I also trust the Government.
perfect.
I'll bring the beer.
See you next Sunday
Good morning to the amazing people that follow me i appreciate it you guys or girls are awesome
GOD BLESS YOU FOR CALLING ME SO I CAN LISTEN.
Did I miss the part where this wasn't Durants team anymore, now Westbrooks??
When did this shift take place?
I followed
dude I feel that way everyday and at times I see one that stands out and I want to say hi
You need to try it with friends too, it's fun lmao....o it's E.T.
Lol :D
Oh, thanks!
Despite Atlanta Time Machine being one of the best sites ever, I still hadn't seen that picture yet.
not really, the last two I read...Liar and The Passage disappointed me.
So I'm with you...looking
Something the most successful song George ever wrote, with more than 150 cover versions to date his favorite was James Brown's version
Enjoy you this weekend
NV Michel Arnould Brut Ros Champagne.
3 yrs on lees.
Fine mousse.
doctor, hints of rosewater, strawberry, current.
Big acid.
87 pts
hope we were repped well!
Do tell...
Where in the world is Elisabeth Mason?
Our CEO is in Miami today, home of one of our great partners, Miami Dade College.
Thank you!
Well said
The billboards in AC are a catalog o people I didn't know still had careers.
The Naked Cowboy?
Big Bad Voodoo Daddy?
Like Parties by Treco on Face Book!
Get updates  deals.
Calling All of ATL  Athens Book a party on Oct 15 Take 15 off any 1 item.
Relax is clearly the least relaxing thing you can say to a person.
Seeing All Time Low in June
good job!
You followed me!
:
lol I know.
Welcome back to the Twitter world!!!
Tomorrow, enjoy some frozen yogurt at and they will give 20 of all dollars spent to PLNU Athletics.
Everyone watch Tonight!
Couples Therapy at 10pm....my boyfriend surprises me!
:
Weekends are best for now since my weekdays are fully booked.
Matt Flynn spending the night in Seattle,Oh shit here comes the hookers and booze.
Thanks, your talk was a Home Run!
g2i.
Lots of great takeaways
is there any plan to make a left handed setting for magic guitar?
now you see why chris paul is a player you trade away a whole team to get and melo is not
Good morning, Anita.
I hope you have a wonderful shoot and day!
Great day.
has another very happy user and the IRS just sent me a refund.
Boom!
ha of course :!
Be kind to everybody
what statue is the white talking about that I need to see in San Diego?
start making some noise
My Grandma is doing better, and may even be going home from the hospital soon!
Such a strong woman, even at 85 
Yankees Rule Twins doctorol twins v
Passerby pointed out a bench to a man stooped on my street w/ a cane.
He shouted, No!!
Never do I come so far to stop so short of the goal
Daylight savings is going forward an hour, not a day.
Idk why I keep thinking its going to be Monday when I wake up lol
First Orch doctorss of MatrimonioSegreto opera tonight as rehearses in Chicago.
Wish I were twins!
So glad I welcomed Tommy back to the Shark Tank...Game tying goal, that a boy!
Let's take 2 points home now!!
I feel ya.
The trick is to anticipate annoyance and leave the convo/room before it does.
It beats teeth gnashing.
But we have rfid ekgs and rocketpacks and pig organs.
All you want is a toilet scale?
Done!
I feel a million times better today!
Going to the doctorand try and get some blog work done while my little germ takes a nap!
You are sweet!
Yes, I am but I don't have details just yet.
I'll keep you updated : 
Watching the film Candy starring James Coburn along with Ringo Starr, Richard Burton, and Marlon Brando to name a few
Positivity is like water, it will overpower and consume negativity around it
Not stalking at all!
Merely appreciating a fine artistic specimen of a man.
Great qtns 4rm Reddit!
If our govt can afford the most expensive military, Y can't they afford 2 provide health care.
It wud save more lives
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?
Albert Einstein
Our show tonight at The Crossroads kicked ass!
Getting nothing but great responses from the crowds, lovin' my new guitar, it's all good!!!
Alright we need to get into modeling.
Why are you so hot sissy??
I could eat grapefruit everyday!
: Left the lovely Enchantment, doctorve back to PA.
Now going to take out for lunch, show her around a bit :/yay!
....I just mistaked yall for The Sound of Music
WKU beat Louisville this year and made the sweet 16 last year, almost hard to call them Cinderella too
Tonight I received 4 friend requests on Facebook from people I know.
Hope everyone likes pictures of dogs.
Read at your own risk: Cory Monteith spills to us that Finn will finally learn Quinn's babydaddy secret in the next episode
I'm 12th out of 122 in state for swimming!
11:11 wishes don't work.
Follow me
You ever been in Bed Bath and Beyond in Chelsea?
8 zillion customers in there that would be miserable whether staff was or not
DUKE DUKE!!
; RT : Maryland has to be in my top 3 loudest arenas to play in.
Yall already know who's
RT : It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.
Max Eastman
if I'm your son where's my allowance and the keys to the car.
for all wwe fan out there...
i hope orton and legacy loses tonight....:
you have too much awesome content...
Finding it hard to stay on top of things.
Toenail is back: toenail went shopping: Austin bought me a cute little toe sweater to keep me warm:
Listening to music puts me to sleep 
I suppose I can't win if I don't enter.
I'm only now downloading pics from DC as I type this to you!
I'm seriously about to throw my lap top against the wall...It's so slow..
I wanna hand out candy
most likely.
Which is nice of him.
I mean to not judge us as being only fans and not girls just hanging out at the pool.
No I'm not love.
But thank you :
What do you want to see that clusterfuck for anyway?
Those hairs that don't know whether they want to part left or right 
What's some dope new plugins out getting my arsenal and ammo ready
Give it to me right or dnt give it to me at all!
Alyssa stop, I'm done with the doctorma between you two!
I love you both but stop saying shit like this..
ya lol but it's still SO GOOD
atxcouncil on to specific departments.
planning and development review up first
In class suckin up helium out a balloon n my teacher goes stop huffing like wtf it aint like u ain't did it stfu
Love and Miss you Too
thanks guys!
I'll need to check out some good coffee too.
thanks for your support!
please check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Who knows where I can get a nice flower for my mom?
:
20 as I typed that.
But watch them get pegged back.
Taco cabana!
We'd love to get some Revolution Cider at the bar!
Let's set something up soon.
hi, good girl3
I just favorited about 5 tweets all about my butt..
no!
Its okay, its chill here:
Welp, I made it through an entire Monday with my shirt inside out.
What a beautiful day here in New Jersey.
I better take advantage of it!
Enjoy your day everyone!
xoxo
ihop sucks they can't even make scrambled eggs right lol
You are welcome for both, we love our local tweeters
RT September issue is here on will be in stores 9/20, make sure you pick up your copy.
Or maybe I'm just a grumpy bitch.
John Stamos and his bongos better come out soon!
True!
The trailblazers make the rules!
you guys have been solid, the rest of the world is losing their freaking minds though!
finna get my day started
for the win by decision.
He's now an undefeated 430..
: This Friday, Fulham v.
Everton  3PM eastern.
Is this a debate on the BBC?
I can't wait for daylight savings.
Warmer weather and longer days is where it's at!!!
ThisSummerImTryna do as much as possible and be in the sun as often as possible.
Go!
USA
My greatest fear is losing my mom 3
Somehow show up for my 9:30 only to see we are watching a movie, could of still been sleeping
On the road again.
Just can't wait to get on the road again....
you are so ugly when you cry.
hahaha for real!!
Today's alamw12 Auditorium Speaker is starts at 10am in the DCC Theater and Susan will be signing afterward.
Finding out that Windows 7 search isn't as accurate as the XP search
that is how its supposed to be, otherwise your going to set yourself up for failure everyday
I know it sucks D;
Do you ever get to Austin?
Such fab stores there for every color boot.
yup defense cost him 3 games this year
Man George Karl looks old
Do I start BeanieWells or the Lawfirm today?
I hate being sick...It's like the 1 thing I hate the MOST
Why am I watching shows in Spanish?
Slinging Ink is free, but don't forget to tip your bartenders!
See you on May 8.
Really great crowd from and attending this year!
What a time it's going to be!
It is Mifflin Weekend....
Looking forward to visiting Sunburst ChalleNGe Academy w/ and this afternoon!
Def check out  grab some food there, wander across st to to hear bout hx of street!
i hope notices me.
shes my idol 3
I like how the palate evolves on the Laurenz V.
Apple up front, moving into peach and honeydew mid, adding some salt on the finish
Mark Bauerlein: Tough for teachers to convert ed tech tools from social medium to learning one.
Quality control issue.
The traveling sure taxes the data plan, but at least I can see Hoboken from my lunch bench.
Pro tip from : You face shouldn't take up more than 40 percent of your album cover.
searches on Hootsuite haven't worked for me during the past 24 hours
Two Biggest Plays on the Board Today in College Hoops are Colorado State at Pk to 1 Over UNLV and George Mason 4 over No Iowa!
so true!
i told my friends boyfriend the exact same thing the other day for reall....
Congrats on a job well done APSA.
Very helpful virtual brown bag session!
Parents are always trying to tell you how your life should be no matter how old you get.
babysitting on a saturday 
well the apple don't fall far from the tree ur mom must be ugly too then BITCH!!!!!
good luck and bring home the gold:
OUCH....still?????????That stinks........then again we are supposed to doctorp back to rain and gloom next week.
Musings: Real girls aren't perfect.
Perfect girls aren't real.
Seems so simple...
mhmm.
I'll be pretty for ya!
tropical leaves
lol!
Your friends are bizarre.
Those tweets I woke up to.
Good night.
3
IfYouGoneCheat At Least Let The Bitch Be Bad So I Can't Hate!!
I want a shoutout
Softball would be great right now!
umm, I do the same thing.
Does that make it better or freakier?
I wish you'd left it!
I laughed out loud!
Thanks, Cheryl!
HPTouchpad I wonder who will hack the webOS first...I like the OS access to the andoctorid marketplace would make this the best 158 spent
The happiest people I know don't have the best of everything.
They just MAKE the best of everything.
Cultivate a positive attitude today.
who's happier Frank or Jamie?
cc:
had a great show at watson galleries last night!
the place was rockin'
what day are you going to Berkley Days?
can you take a pic of the glasses?
Perspective.
Get some.
Totally agree.
Often the difference between a meh shot and a wow shot.
Is that before or after finals?
watching napoleon dynamite!
It sucks when you have a lot of girls, find one you like, doctorp all the other girls, and get played by girl you liked.
I'm going skiing  enjoying this fine winter weather!
RT : Pack Nation: Are you guys prepared to watch the playoffs tomorrow?
Another low pass to 84...
who was wide open.
ur making me hungry!
At a wedding?
ughh me too :
excellent AWP!
happy to see everyone in chicago!
i just love you to pieces...xoxo
Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all offenses.
Proverbs 10:12
Quebec House Cleveland Park bar crawl continues...
See more crazy shirts like this one at www.insanityshirts.com
thatawkwardmoment when your in church and you Judas ringtone goes off...
Happy Friday, Twitter Friends!
What's for lunch?
BEACH UMBRELLAWhere to find new unique portable BEACH UMBRELLA  patio umbrellas
you know this Mann
Me and Nick just almost died.
I don't even know what to say.
Nah, he shouldn't be champ in 2012.
We really need a 3B, DH, and i'd like another outfielder.
Definitely need pitching.
Great Job.That asbestos is no joke...Keeping the kids safe and healthy..
our website will be launched very soon!
We look forward to sharing our specials and connecting with everyone
thanks, nice to 'tweet' you too.
Enjoy a wonderful Friday!
Today's Summerfest with and and of course  Remember, 5:00 PM Rock Stage!
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
Gandhi
Can klout handle more then one twitter account?
I have a personal and a professorssional twitter account
Crap I'm nervous.
thinking about objective of destroy christianity, remake the world in my own image on my resume; see who still brings me in for interview
bells!
Thats awesome!
:
Is there a listing of the menu items posted anywhere?
Definitely need crab legs.
For you Jesus, for you Jesus, for you Jesus, I'll do it!
when you make it to Houston, you'll have to hit me up!
I want to see you SO bad3
might be true but if yr tryin to play the bad guy yr doing a good job.
Some things are better left unsaid.
Oh I totally agree.
: Now that today is here and all the stuff HAS to be done, I'm strangely feeling much better about it!
hope you had a relaxing weekend..did you get any meditating in?
Before any agreements can be reached, all voices need to heard.
And race isn't the only piece here.
Gamers  Super Computers : I'm looking forward to trying FoldIt.
You're too sweet!!
I've done some side work!
I'm unsigned, but I want to sign with an agent this summer  then dual in Miami!
:
look me in my eyes  try and feel my pain.
Where is the Library?
Do you have any other collaboration with them?
I vote for an even exchange of ideas.
share :
Make another friday movie
wow that's garbage
Another day of listening to the derp filled mewlings of nonothing yokels.
okay,combining sports and a mission minded direction seems like it has some possibilities God is everywhere, FAN UP!
anyone thats ever held me down or supported me...
Its deeply appreciated...
Lets stray from the norm and keep the soul in hip hop
doctorams of still playing football breakmyheart :/ ugh
thanks for the time: Check out Sunday's Wisconsin State Journal for the interview I did w/ about Wisconsin Rapids
sent message
Wow...
This New York trip is going to be a busy one.
i'm glad cause the highest level is jedi general, and its defined by the rank of weapons and awards both reaching legendary lvl
Long story short, while listening to Say Somethin my ovaries exploded.
you can't eat that shit everyday Fred.....lay off the bacon.....
case its'
Jealous!
Can't wait for baseball season to come back!!
Thanks again, Lou.
Very cool of you!
Stop in today and declare your independence from high mattress prices!!!
Happy 4th to everyone out there and thanks again to our troops!
: thanks Matt!
Lost again this is just stupid nflblitz too
omg wish I had a hoodie
Lol Txt me !!
Someone PLEASE go to the Moxie with me tonight!
PLLLLLEAAAASE.
Fridays at the CJ, Veda confronts someone about something.
Today she and the executive editor are debating Red Lobster.
We did!
Sigh...
better luck next time.
How stupid do you think I am?
Best Friends: You laugh, I laugh.
You cry, I cry.
You fall, I laugh then I fall too because I was laughing so hard .
Reading gives us someplace to go when we have to stay where we are.
Mason Cooley
Ah!
Sorry for the late response.
I hope everything went well for you!!
i like the word fagget.
your a fagget.
im a fagget.
were all faggets.
Pizza is a vegetable...
college students must be the healthiest group in America then....
who cares...everyone dies, not everyone lives
hey im waiting for you  the venue.
promise to stop and take some pics?
love you3
New style of painting by Ellen A.
Lewis.
See it at tonight's opening Sat.
6/4, 710pm, Sycamore Pl.
Gallery, 120 Sycamore Pl., Decatur, GA
Wait , That Could Be A Bad Thing : 
maybe 10?
I'm at a family bbq/baby shower...
it's just tough when we finally solve technical challenges and find that the bigger problem is human in nature.
This morning's run  TERRIBLE.
I can't even really call it a run.
Lost a full minute on my pace.
Too.
Hot.
Oh is that what you do?
RT : Pop my collar then I swing my chain
Work out flow
Real women are grateful for the little things!
Sup, how ya been, u ain't go out tonight, jim porter popping!
: Oh, you finally got to first base?
You playa, you.
.....
There was an open seat on the bus and a guy sat down right as a girl was walking over to it.
Guys, be gentlemen.
Don't be a loser like him.
tanned for 3 hours today  see no difference
Had fun....she makes me happy
Arianna Huffington rips Obama for Osama ad: One of the most despicable things
u already know
Is Narnia under my bed then?
Join us at HT Hillcrest Grand Opening,Feb 18th 58pm!
Open Bar,entertainment featuring Paris Sukomi Max  Disco Dolly!
Shout Out to the couple of the week  !!
Love is in the air..LoL
Ima Make My Remix Of Marvins Room.
lmao it is
So Trayvon Martin had marijuana in his system.
I've done my share of smoke over the years and NEVER did it make me violent.
On the contrary.
Took a long nap and now I'm hyper as hell
RT : !Always do right.
That will gratify some of the people, and astonish the rest.Mark Twain
: Irish will play you anywhere at anytime.
Illinois, Ohio, Kentucky, and my favorite Lucas Oil Stadium.
We hope everyone has a great weekend!
Study hard and get some sun shine!
10 more to go!
Every 100th follower gets a 5 Frenchy's card.
Who's it gonna be?
Just cause you don't like someone doesn't mean everyone else has to hate them too.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask?
Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
Consultant mtg today.
Us: We work as a team.
Consultant:I don't hear that very often.
Me: We also don't tell the truth very often.
S/O TO ALL MY doctoramchasers thats on a 100MILES OF RUNNING I got my Tracks on LETSGO!!!
Plan your day right by knowing which establishments to go to and what they sell.
LeXXah doctorw COMING HARD w/ SINGLE, I CAN AVAILABLE NOW on iTunes NEW JumpStart FAME Theme Song!!!
I filmed a movie in Jupiter, FL.
Its a nice vacation spot.
Have fun!
Outside of flipping the bird that halftime show kind of sucked.
We just reached the 500 member mark.
Yay!
RT : ITs better to be single.
than to have someone who is half way there, or doesnt want to be there...
Indeed, they won't be happy till we repeal the 19th amendment and institute a national church
BEST...
COSTUMES...
EVER
My daddy said ii don't need no broke nigga.
Lmao He tryna tell me bout life y'all.
Thanks to our new follower.please check out our new VIP section for free poker books and charts.
Take your next game level.
Rob worked the dance floor and the Kardashian/Jenner dynasty worked the audience.
to b honest I think wwe is fuckin him up, like he look like a Gud ring wrestler, its just he shouldn't do dem 5 moves
Dolphins beat the pats also.
If I do, it would be Thursday or Friday afternoon.
I'm done at 11 on Thurs, and 1 on Friday, but I have a few meetings.
four more seasons of thewire just off side stories....
just wrote em
The lost and that's just about it.
Officials ,cops, judges use their power to help friends ,and  ENFORCE the law on the rest.
If U poor, U in trouble, but that always !
There's probably a good reason for it smelling like a horse....
I does.
It did surprise me to hear her name at first.
Like if a kid now was named Jerry.
Just goes with a different era.
I guess its true when they say females be wanting a real man but yet get em  don't know how to treat em..
reading old tweets is the best
yeah she's my best friend3
y'all got that W!!!
Me and hott girlfriends at topnotchescorts.net are available to play
Lol game over
Packing up boxes of Saucesome to mail out, doctornking a beer and watching Ken Burns' Baseball.
Thanks, presidents!
Did the dummy and spilled my shit...
Why you all up in my face with this bullshit
Today in 1977, The Passion of doctorcula opened off bway based on Bram Stokers doctorcula.
Fire up your morning with a delicious spicy chicken biscuit.
Missing my little ....
It's been awhile since we hung out...
Always good times!!
Finally got the Google Wave invite!
RT : are you ready??
Bring it tonight
Watching Tim Ezel of train with for his upcoming bout with at ATT Evolution gym in saint Louis
Huge backup at Castro station.
I guess F line it is
found out that I like yoga today.
we still going to eagle creek?
naw, just on the server now...
will put on github when I get to campus!
u didn't answer my QUESTION
Its also a pleasant thing that while out of gas on the side of the road, others stopped and asked if I needed help
Only the Lord Jesus Christ Himself can fully satisfy our deepest need.
I just want to be the man God has called me to be and if I can achieve that everything else is REQUIRED to fall in line!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You get the first dorky quote of the day.
awesome.
Thanks will do!
Thats a wrap!
Looking forward to another day...
oh wait...
that day has already arrived!
I'll say goodmorning in 8 hrs!
:
lets see if you can go 20 this weekend.
How will your lions rebound from their first loss?
Heyy Share My YouTube Channel please thank you
Chicago sports today?
PERFECT!!
Blackhawks WhiteSox ok even
Thanks !
Cause it's not like I'm gonna doctorve to like LA anytime soon so SF would be nice btw where do u live ?
US?
:
why didn't we get a Grammy nomination for label of the year?
sheesh.
I think the comic book guy is working on this train...
At the same damn time!
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer39
o lol.
I was like damn that's enough of that.
Sherlock Holmes with a cellphone.
Huh.
Will be commuting from PDX.
Should've mentioned that 
same here!
Would love to cover your show again this year for !
Let me know.
At the SXSW expo.
Stop by the booth!!
I will dm u later I have to go shopping lol
just tapped his new Boogeyman Black Lager !
It won't last long, beer fans!
ComeGetIt
We are number one.
All others are number two or lower.
Come with me, Run quick see, what do we have here Now, do you wanna ride or die La dadadadada...
Love your photos Hazel
Congrats Blake griffin, you had the worst plus minus on your team.
I hope those dunks make you feel better about losing
Retweet if you honk when other people honk!
perfectly prepped for 6am flight this morning w just my full blown volume mascara  smudge stick in lionfish
The unfortunate thing is that I'm leaving the country tomorrow so I will not be playing videogames for a while, unless they have them there.
Let me rephrase that.
It seems  early thoughts  having the back end picks in this year's nonPPR format will suck.
Me too, but someone needed to hold down the fort.
; Have a fun week!
i think i have so much resentment for them because i feel so betrayed.
it cannot be helped at this point.
you gonna play wideout?
how many are yours?
See You Tmister At School: Txt Me In The Morning.....
I Domt Like School Its BORING You Just Read  Do Work
I told Thursday and you Wednesday!
There is enough of me to go around 
S/O to all my new followers
So am I.
THANK YOU!
Two sons and a daughterinlove with me today.
Surrounded by love.
Happy taxday everyone!
A shoutout 2  La Casa de Esperanza 4 providing free tax prep 4 many in our community
Chopped...but let's go Lakers
Mainstream music lacks diversity and quality
fuck off to who ever is calling us  mahomos .
I don't understand why we can't get along.
should get an ingstagram so all smilers could stalk her page 24:7
It wasn't to bad like I thought
I see u
Not a good start to the day...
Roshon Fegan from disney channels shake it up is coming to portland!give me your emaili'll send u more info on the concert
RT : Got to get up f4  calm demeanor, positive mojo and good team captainin approach, Boehner needs some work
There has to be a light at the end of this tunnel.
Just has to be.
Get VIP any night for Birthday, Bachelor/Bachelorette, Anniversary, or Holiday parties!
Text VIP to 414.335.9569 for options  pricing!...
Me and my Lil dip today that's cute
Thanks for taking the time to write up his response.
I think I might use your post in one of my classes next week.
14 is virtually no taxes
Friday happy hour try my Melon Melange, st germain, Esprit de June, Gin, blended w/ watermelon, strawberry, basil, soda.
5
Poor she thinks she's going to get an ass !
We should be bffs.
RT : The sounds of multiple motorcycles out  about is music to my city girl ears...
La chance sourit aux audacieux.
Fortune favors the brave.
Got the Toy Story print in my cart and the site froze.
Bummer.
I can't stand my sisters bf .
Graduation is taking so fucking long.
needa  w/
Day 1 of games of brewersfaNtasycamp in the books.
My team, Money Ball, coached by Don Money  Cecil Cooper is 11.
Was 15.
Solid AB's.
Kim is a Liar...
Those shoes don't make you butt look good/bigger!
Thanks for the follow
That's how the cholos spell it.
Orale!
umh noo its called you being the best babe ever :
What kind of an asshole blasts hot in here in 2012?
Oh he just doctorve by let me find out.
Next doctoram Job show: Sat.
July 23rd with We'll be trying out some new stuff...perhaps...
any recommendations for what to see at the TribeccaFilmFestival?
Is the game not being carried on Extra Innings?:
Hell yeah Rangers!!
Oh, I am.
Yesterday I ate....and didn't wait 30 minutes to exercise.
The first weekend of college for a bunch of kids.
Be careful!
Still awake and ready.
20 minutes.
I broke the replay button.
Seriously.
It's not working for me, anymore.
asdfghjkl3
2 different sports brah, no disrespect, but I had high expectations 4 the Bulls this yr
Well, saw the movie, and Supermoon is NOT one of the Avengers.
:
Your welcome!
I'm so glad others liked it too:
then, you can keep the pillow; I don't want it anymore :/
I have butterflies in my stomach!
What if I have forgotten how to use a knife?
Unlikely, I know, but it seems entirely possible right now.
we can't express how amazing our fans are.
thank you so much!
The difference of race is one of the reasons why I fear war may always exist because race implies difference, difference implies
yes I finally came to PT lol
they have a podcast section...It's all FREE to listen to!
Also the archive page at www.latalkradio.com/Donny.php!
Man these last 2 weeks have taken there toll
sounds good
let us know when you're thinking about coming so that we can resume our hang.
really enjoyed 2010 with you, CE n' the kids.
upward mobility is a bad metric for success in my view.
How about integrity, equality in the home, positive parenting?
special ff love you and god bless u princess x
Silence and obscurity
I HATE when people text back saying lol  you might as well not even reply.
Sheesh
Welcome to the party, pal
I hate when people go on facebook just to get sympathy.
Nobody cares about your problems bro.
im not gonna see austin for 6 months!
Optimized Local Listings Boost Traffic and Revenue  Hospitality 1st
hahah straight up.
I was just rapping Ain't No Fun by Snoopy.
3
Two more days with plenty to do before Spring Break.
Ugh.
WilliamandCheryl KILLED IT!!
sdmayornp looks like no mention of global climate change or innovative, clean energy strategies, like CCA.
Filner and Fletcher talk sewage.
That's really good!
I wish I could do that!
:
Diet is also a very important part of any long term weight loss program.
This is a long process, consistency is most important.
RT : Encroaching mortality: with time, life like a party at which guests randomly taken out by a concealed sniper.
looking forward to power networking for introverts webinar today!
i might b getin a job Monday it would b awesome
What up bro its Nick.
Today is a day for Demon Days
girl yes I'm pregnant but I still hit the club, in the middle of the floor no shoes wessup!!!
:D lmao Love the ratchet girl anthem!
:
Cell phone bingo...
Someones gonna win an ipad from Capitol Records today next number 11:35am
The best curve on a girl is her smile :
Omg could we pleaseeaaa bring hardknocks back to NYJets this year!!!
I would love to see Tebows face the first time Rex Ryan doctorps a GD!
you gonna be able to make it to EP?
: cosigned RT : It's official.
Gave up my apt in NY.
Moving to LA.
Bring on the sunshine.
Awesome!!
Welcome!!
Prologue  Chapter one of my new story The Way I Loved You is in my favorites.
Please read and RT!
: Thanks!
IWantToBe with all the time more then anything...
I'm guessing since Oprah hasn't done a two hour reunion special celebrating it, the answer is no.
: Can Suri Cruise talk?
Duly noted!
A gem from youth, fersure!
Tyrese is still sexy.
And then my parents wonder why I never wanna be home
star wars.
Still NO MEDAL!
follow me maybe?
I do.t care what the judges say Mos wanted crew KILLED IT!
:
If they're surprised they obviously don't know u very well..
let's go right now!!
: lol
yes I am in NYC.
You?
tcbsm4hr on what's next: image recognition requires more user explanation than QR but back end relatively same.
Great 1st session by Louis.
Hey girl
I forget, I how much did Bush and the Repulicans contribute to the 15 trillion!
You really do think people are that dumb!!
Seems a waste, me sitting at home, doing some volunteer web design, doing some volunteer grant writing, doing research, posting and comment
Seen Avengers yet?
the University of Tampa, Florida
Perfect day for a family shoot in Georgetown.
It was nice and green even with all this doctorught going on in Texas.
GO GIANTS
Tomorrow stop by King Soopers, 7575 S.
University, Littleton to sample our sausage and chorizo.
We will be there from 17pm.
Wanna know the secret to prosper in every area of your life?
AnswerObedience.
GOD BLESSES YOUR OBEDIENCE.
PERIOD!
Are you ready for the playoffs?
Really?
Wow.
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
If your cardigan is longer than your skirt, something is wrong
It only gets more bizarre from here on out.
We're not saying our pizza can fix the recession, but hey  it can't hurt.
No prob...loved you since the old school MySpace days;!
Good luck to you Lelia!
See ya, C
I'll be your crying shoulder.
Here's hoping it's something easy, like anemia.
Red meat for everyone!
No for me.
Nice to meet you too :
Fight  201 with husband since move.
This is getting ridiculous.
i have blue and pink socks on..
and it shows under my black jeans.
RT ONE MORE day to Register for NABJ12, Prices go up by 170 tomorrow night at midnight.
Convention is 37 Days Away!...
wade played well on D and got to the line a lot but he shot terribly today 8/23.
I expect a better game on Tues
What STINKS?
You can't get a Trenta Iced latte  yea, that'd be like 6 shots of espresso, but still  it's my money.
WTH?
I sleep like a fuckin baby when it's storming.
now that's what i call a breakfast !
RT : Good ?
From blog: access to museum staff used to be a high level donor perk  will social media devalue this commodity?
you never call or text, heartbroken
RT : taxes are not punishment, but the dues of living in a civilized society.
// Aye!!
Magic rounds out that top 4.
Add Russell  you have my top 5
Great!
Let us know how it goes as your training continues!
I need to run faster...
at about 2miles/14mins i need to get to 12mins
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Just voted for you homie  keep up the great work !!
Lmk if you'd be interested in sitting in on the keys w us sometime !!
I think no vertical integration is a clearer and easiertoenforce rule than no anticompetitive conduct.
OntheRise if you're
I read that he likes being in role Sampras, Agassi and others had for him.
You know Fed, always positive about such
paulryan pushes the myth that poverty can be fought with bake sales.
I hope you're ok.
Whiplash is no fun.
Ladies doctornk FREE tonight at Kennadee's from 10Midnight!
725 N Milwaukee
If DiceK is official for Saturday, I guess I'll be getting an early start down there!
Hey random question but I noticed your email addoctorss is an EKU addoctorss...are you from Kentucky?
stop being racist
Welcome to Milwaukee, Trent Lockett.
: OHSAA hockey: US 2, St.
Edward 0, after 2 periods.
Ed's is 04 on power plays.pdvarsity ouch  come on Eagles!
U can do it!
I'm not lame I'm the bomb.com and let that be known bro!!!
Hacked You Girl!!:
thanks Natasha for the great post!

lol...
She on that doctor Jekyll and mister Hyde shit..
must be
What happened?
I hate being on bart.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people.
If they care, they'll notice.
If they don't, you know where you stand.
I would love to get you in contact with our office.
How can we best reach you?
Thank for the retweet by the way!
can Get a follow back???
3
Aww!
Too cute!!
ahah I wish ur mom didnt make u wear that!!!
Just saw canvassers from tell a newspaper publisher she couldn't take photos of them at a public event...twice.
Seems ironic to me!
Had Chinese buffet 4 lunch w/my mom  5yo nephew.
Nephew excited abt rare lunch w/uncle.
Practically sat on my lap.
Congr.
Lungren chairs Homeland Security Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection,  Security Technologies.
Aye SEXY!
Why you looking Hoe I meant your shoes!
can you please follow me!
33
15 Off All Auditioning  Acting Workshop Happy President's Day!
x.co/gwT7
I would notice if the KoC stopped showing up at the top of weekday roll call.
NASTY NATE LOL
I just past a car with a license plate that said yikes, i'm staying far away from her.
Just munched a 'Yellow Egg' road goodie worth 3 points!
GUYS...!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
nigga i dont give two fucks about that i'm just tryna kick it like im in a big pun video
Recommend great TXbased resource for your TechKnowSpot if you repeat in January: is SM and furnishings expert.
RT So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
Inspections and closings and showings, oh my!
Shout out to and hope siesta is good to you.
Happy thanks giving!!!!!!!
I joined an online trainer and I'm cleaning up my diet!
Looking forward to the demo and tasting this afternoon at 107 King Street.
2 pm!
Come join us!
regardless.
I am incredibly impressed by Bo
I tell her my names Trey I'm trynna be lowkey , she tell me I got that flame yo tweets is so deep damn!
...wait, did i just shoot a Paul Wall music video?
yes, yes i did!
At the wedding rehearsal, it's getting real
thanks for the mention!
I know!
I just want the sun back :
got anything special for people who want to GoLocal?
how you Been?
a delight to catch up w both of you!
back together at our fav coffee shop!
and a treat to see kinsley, love her!
.
got a bunch of teens to work together  put together a website that they really needed.
what has my baby darnell davis been up 2 I miss my baby
Storytelling with a noble purpose  's on his genuine mission
Today's goal: to Tweet with substance and use the word engage as much as possible.
Engaging?
Thank you to all our military men and women for your courage.
will you pnp with me tomorrow before you go back to lala land?
: hahaha so funny.
Your Viking doctorwing was out of this world!!!!
So good!!
// HAHA!
That took crazy concentration
Did you know that we donated 500 to the people of Minot last week?
We love charities and helping them out!
Phone is finally working again.
some gods some masters
My teams L.A Lakers,Dallas cowboys,Louisville Cardinals!
No bandwagon fans allowed lol!
itscutewhen you lay your head on my chest and fall asleep holding me
Every semester, puzzled by students who begin caring about their performance in the course when there's 1 week left in the semester....
He didn't break you to kill you but He broke you to bless you!!!
Bishop T.D.
Jakes
We sell Rare Harley Davidson Patches on our web sight....
Some are Very Collectible !!!!
Check E'm Out www.barefootdoctormsofhouston.com
Thanks!
Would you be open to a convo about better health or a networking opportunity?
Glad to share with colleagues.
Experiencing rafe pearlman and friends rocking an amazing cover of tomorrow never knows.
The Gold sponsors my softball team son!
Tuesday night two for ones!
ain't much time left i gotta make due I know i can't live forever
keeping in mind that I'm talking mainly about a US context here.
Huge Derby after party at the Boc's house tonight...
Let me know if you're in Louisville!
I just turned mine in too.
Haha.
I couldn't look at it anymore, even if I needed to.
same w me, im here in tn.
Been My Team a long time
'Seize the day with , Crafty Bastards!
CarPIE diem!' 'Come see Dangerously Delicious !
I'm gonna look up shit tomorrow my dude HAAAAAAN clan!
Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.
800billion ?
Geez, I kinda feel a lil' guilty for enjoying this gorgeous day now!
great catching up today  the eats were fantastic.
Have a great weekend.
What time's your show at NU tomorrow?
I'm in Tampa but I won't be going!
Next year fo sho!
:
I hate those days when one bad thing happens after another and then you finally just blow up at the smallest thing...
Flesh Of My Flesh, Blood Of My Blood  DMX Raw af
Contrary 2 popular belief u CAN waste pussy...
hopefully more colorways coming this season!
...and of course new designs!
Smart move by to take advantage of the growing fantasy sports market.
Others bound to follow suit?
Ready for some fights at The Golden Gloves!!!
And, you believe that Republicans can improve on this?
Prove it and show me.

Thanks for posting!
Email me at if you have any questions about the internship.
What do you guys think of One of a Kind !?
The new download.
honorsocietymusic.com
I miss living in San Antonio.
Indiana consists of cornfields, white trash, and more cornfields.
49ers hosting Giants more and more likely.
u funny
come back gimme a back massage then let's go party.
Next Hazardous Waste doctorpOff at the Northwest Citizen Convenience Center  Friday and Saturday, Dec 2  3, 9 am to 5pm at 2840 Sisson St.
awww all lame so i guess its a go !
?
Omg
You are right  I should have never asked.
Will puke in my lunch now...
I love !!
Im in the hospital
Crunchitize me captainin.
reply today, and its already super early friday over there :O
I have concerts with the Milwaukee Symphony Chorus this weekend.
what is your favorite picture spot in pittsburgh?
Sfld High School for Relay for Life.
Come on out!
10  Lahser
thanks, see you there!
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X6
thanks luv just posted!!!
Thanks.
These images are wonderful!
I decided to follow the Niners' long snapper and now he's retweeting Rick Warren
Forgot to mention : Steve Case bought Merrywood, the childhood home of Jackie's, BTW.
love the coca cola adverts at Christmas time :
Any rec's on how 2 get Dennis Davis' snare sound?
In particular David Bowie Stage album era?
It's insane...
I'm almost certain that Charles Manson is my father.
If I can just make it through the next week and a half and keep all the balls in the air, I'll be sitting pretty!
What?!
It's your Birthday and you didn't let me know.
How dare you!!
Happy Birthday, friend!
Hope it's a great day for you!
why won't u follow me back?
Lol you got it??
The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
Hello to the math class.
I am an Eng.
Teach.
in Colorado Springs, CO.
Temp between 5055.
Sun tan time.
Its easy to start a new project.
All you need is an idea and enthusiasm.
The hard part is sticking to it, getting passed the dip is crucial.

morning sync with the lilipip team!
internethuman now discussing combinatorial innovation: building blocks for creating new possibilities...
Lunch at pearl st grill!
So our fan base has been expanding and we want to know where you all are from!
We want to get to know you guys, don't be shy :
I Wear So Much Louie You Could Play Checkers All Over My Chest !
Wolf Gang
We wish!
ComicCon is this weekend and a studio rented the place out for a private event.
Unfortunate timing
you just made me so nervous
haha.
doctorms like a revolving door!
Out with the old..in with the new!
Need ideas for a good Halloween costume?
Thanks to everyone who came out to BagelsAndBranding featuring as part of SOCWeek  it was a blast!
YOUR BACK!!!
Finally I missed you!!!
Ps you looked HOT with a capitol H
A pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart.
Bummer!
Hopefully you got to watch it later!
Spending the holiday weekend in sunny LA with my pup!
Looking forward to the Beverly Hills Food and Wine Festival!
captainin sure knows how to make me feel like I've failed the core.
love u to gurl
I don't care either way :p same thing
Good working and making music, when ima see u
I'm glad McDonalds don't sell hot dogs,cuz I don't think I can order a McWeiner with a straight face.
If I schedule a meeting and the producer doesn't show would I get a refund or do I have to meet with someone else entirely?
We are still accepting submissions for issue two!
Issue one is in the works and due out soon!
it's the Best one out now should have been a kenny song LOL
Planning this trip home I really hope I can take being there for 2 weeks lol!
I always plan for 2 and end up staying 1 lol!
We love film too.
Good thing we can process almost everything under the sun!
Let us know if you're looking for something special!
no I wanted to beta test D:
Zoning out with antibiotics to the tune of Latour lectures on Youtube
Braves just scored oh yeah baby brand new game 11 Lets Go Braves!!!
On a flight to Orlando and the head flight attendant's name is Orlando.
Now if only Orlando the movie was on the PPV...
There is no i in team.
But there's an i in Tim, and my friend Carlos pronounces it team.
So....there.
I don't think th Penske cars have shown what they got yet.
collected some great narratives at the TransOhio symposium today!
Yay!
tell you what
what's your fav clothing line?
have u ever been bullied??
What?!
Hunger Games is not based on a true story?!
Another snow day!!
Everybody be safe...
And if you do happen to get hurt, make sure you get hurt doing something cool, and get it on video
Aww you guys are sweet.
Easy to have good ideas during stimulating sesh!
Saints  Sinners will host the 2011 Fall Guy Charity Roast honoring Joe Comfort.
Proceeds to benefit Camp Good Days!
Glad ur ok!
Give the rock to Grant.
Not a fan of share back system when part of running is beating down Defense.
Need OLB and CB
I act completely normal around my parents.
But as soon as I'm with my friends, I'm like the energizer bunny on doctorgs.
that's only a few blocks from me.
I need to walk the dog.
Am I going to die of chemical poison?
some beliebers are really annoying.
: Only 1,545 to go!!
www.jazzinchicago.org/donate Support jazz in Chicago!!
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned most people die of natural causes.
....lol gotta give Rose credit for those dunks
Success is much simpler when you actually enjoy the process.
My Grams is here.
We highly recommend that you visit the Design Academy Eindhoven project curated by Ilse Crawford.
Fresh, fun, inspired!
That would be fantastic and greatly appreciated!
Let us know if we can help with providing more info.
Working on a project for imprinted sunglasses and imprinted sunglass retainers
Home sweet home
your state was holding, rip jeans skin was showing.
hot night, wind was blowing.
WHERE YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING BABY?
are u yella!!??
what do u mean by gone?
Well, I'd prefer myself.
:
I'm sure a few people have thought has been too close to a skunk before.
Wow Duke and Mizzu out in first round..
Unthinkable!
Bored And Sleepy !
Ugh What A Boring Weekend Bro : .
hi bro how are you all going well with the music, more info soon.
This time I will truly break free
follow back
Thanks for the share  RT, bro!
You rock!
In Canada, they celebrate Thanksgiving in what month?
A.
November B.
October C.
December D.
May
whats more frustrating: the bathroom line or al jefferson's stat line?
I do this shit for mine..
I find it weird when guys sleep with any clothing on.
; : I find it weird when people sleep with socks on.
You can call me OP, or you can call me OoPs.
Call me anything you want, just as long as I approve.
have you found a nice convo?:p
Can't believe we lost
I just wanna play Ass and tell to twerk to it...
Just to she if she would lmao
You are a total goddess to all
Omg it just told me wasn't following me and I wasn't following her.
I was totes freaking out till it showed she was.
UMC advises the pedestrian has been upgraded and should be just fine.
The road should open back up in about 30 minutes.
I have Verlander, Shields, Kershaw, Masterson, and Derek Holland in Fantasy.
Can't buy a win this year don't have one yet.
MacA Park update: walked around lake.
Got yelled at by 6different people and saw 3 others urinating in public.
Still under double digits!
somebody get from Houston and bring her to Crescent.
I miss I wonder who she is hustling right about now.
The Patriots lost a close game to a Giants team missing its best two offensive weapons.
That's not a great sign.
Graduate today!!!
but dang im hungry....
Thank you !
See you on December 6th!
Thanks for great story on The Battle of Florida and these 2 amazing Coaches.Can't wait too see the game on Saturday.
Apparently.
Weird!
If I were prepared to move again, I would apply.
I'm never mad anymore.
:3
I forgot Debbie Reynolds was in this for a few minutes....
Sucks about the Flyers but I'll take a Phills and Sixers win
I'm glad garage rock and retro dominated at SXSW.
Lots of great bands referencing older genres!
I had a great source who clued me into that.
A guy I like to call the Athletic Director.
sent you an email.
Let's talk soon.
what's up ya bitch ass bitccchhh.
When are you coming home lassie?
Haven't u played with enough german cuckoo clocks?
We just got the mix the other day!
We're practicing this weekend, we'll shoot the shit and figure this out!
Hope I see oomf this weekend ;
I think way too logically, but if Big Show were actually fired, shouldn't his merchandise be on clearance?
Fenway at 100.
Wow, think about how many great New York Yankees and Cincinnati Reds moments have taken place on that field...
Wisdom teeth out this Thursday!!!
is gonna mommy me this weekend!
CES update; hot gaming vids on the way to Ringz!
Loved working with my Acting students this semester and excited teenwolf is in full swing.
's a leader
Watching Bestink.
Why is a judge basically tell the artist 2 do his way.contrary to comp makes him judge on how well they do what he says
Your business can be approved for a merchant cash advance in minutes with funds deposited directly into your bank account before you know it
REFUGE is tonight!
Starts at 7pm.
Wish I was at the Q right now to witness the Cleveland passion.
Let's.
go.
cavs.
i've been blessed!
Did Spot leave a spot on your carpets?
Treat the spot w/ vinegar asap, then call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning at 2064141039
I enjoyed Just Want to Testify, but stopped everything this weekend to finish Silver Sparrow.
I was hooked to the end.
Happy New Year!
Be safe and Merry!!
Hate it when the kids tell me to make the meatballs exactly the way dad makes them!
Hey, I got my own style !!!
Its cool when u get it!!
ayo I wanna take a trip to TX asap..
Need a great cozy place for your Holiday Gathering?
We are the perfect location!
Call us today and ask for details 3126649775
JUMBO PANSEARED DIVER SCALLOPS fennel, cilantro, orangelime vinaigrette
JOLLY GOOD GOVNAH
The Big Ticket!
KG use to be one of my favorite players in the league...I love how he's always talking to himself and teammates!
Rarely ever feels respected
that awkward moment when you look up from your phone  realize the person you've been following at the store isn't your mom.
Jazz Celebration I at First Baptist Church of Bellingham.
7pm.
10 for Adults/5 for students.
VocalMecanx.com check it.
thank you:
Trent Dilfer uses the word position too much.
Always talking about playing the QB positon or TE positon
u won da battle!!
but kobe won da war!!
RT to be in my fanfic!!!!
must be following me picking parts in 25 minutes!!!!
hurry
I was scared there were aliens coming!!!
I hate when I press 1 for English and still get an Indian person.
One of the biggest bike rallies of the year been tons of times.
A blast!
Any Time Shout Me Back ?
:
come back so we can go to Biergarten!
Ill give 150, but don't mess up...
Guess what today is!?!?
SEXUALWENSDAY :D

This morning, I stumbled upon the unicorn of baked goods at  the PUMPKIN DOUGHNUT MUFFIN.
yum
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and professorssional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show!
started: Tue, 19:31 PST
yay that makes us happy!
Meeting at Sabor a Mexico in Mukilteo this Wednesday for an Isagenix team meeting.
After this week, regular meetings at Rosehill!
Silent But Deadly: The Baby Killer Chronicles
Why do I even follow ?!
congrats my man!
Well deserved!
Celebrate National Grilled Cheese Day Mexicanstyle w/a grilled quesadilla at the Inn!
Ur fav extras?
I love tomato  our ground beef.
Why is Lil Romeo on my tv?
gtfo..
Thanks for following!
Hope you are doing great Richard.
I have a massive headache....
This is the 4th one like this....
UGGHHHHHH, WTF the universe is against me
why do dentists feel the need to talk to you while their hands are in your mouth?
: You're welcome
thank you!!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day
Bartini martinis taste good, now if they just put alcohol in them.
Belated thx !
So great to finally connect!
Thanks again for your support of too.
All kids deserve a shot at recess!
Today is just one of them days..
I can't wait for service tonight I need some real praise and worship with my peers!
Good afternoon!: just woke up from a nap....
Can I go BACK to sleep?
People's personalities and moods change like the weather!!
I like that Avi Ma!!
There is nothing you can do to stop me
To quote, There are no coincidences, only affirmations.
The socalled baby carrots in my bag of organic carrots are WAY too big.
Oprah Winfrey I trust that everything happens for a reason even when we're not wise enough to see it.
We're just the lowly volunteers, but we've added you.
: See you in NOLA!
New Benz Sumn That I Need For Sure!
Hau'oli Makahiki Hou!!!
Wishing everyone a safe, happy, and healthy New Year!!!
So not ready for this
yeah famo..
My girl got hurt at work..
So we're here
Pens v criers at 730 !
2 miller lite bottles from doctorp of pick till midnight.
Just received an invitation for High School Reunion, w/pig roast and a barn dance..
what's the most interesting place you've had a reunion?
Working on the documentary script, planning educational outreach and public engagement campaign, and writing grant proposals.
I think I want Logano to win the Daytona500 Let's get this race done!
I think maybe, just possibly, we'll find room for some cake.
You don't turn 175 every day, right?
Now she sayin OMG I DNT feel like dealing wit them
Why the hell can't I ever make anything better..
No matter what I do, I make things worse..
even if I try to help.
I would like to dm, I have some contacts thanks
coming back at 4.
Same seats so I'll see u
No sleep for this leader!
:
did u make it home?
How's the puppy?
2 hours, 90 hockey, and nothing on Lenny Dykstra?
Less hockey more Nails!
hey!
You just make my day baby
Not a fan of his smug condescension either.
Supposed student athletes.
That needs to stop.
Thanks so much for coming!
Some people aren't sure where to start.
Get your copy of The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses on our site!
I just finished reading your imagines and there absolutely amazing.
Hoping that the unprecedented site traffic at my blog today continues!
RT : Things are heating up over here.....Get ready for Boom Bam!!!
by Emory Anderson  BwG
Desire a nude discount getaway 100 per night visit us
Learning about app building and mobile from and
you funny as shit :
Writing a twitterlike review on
Why does my heart skip a beat whenever someone mentions I may need to pay a visit.
Any specials going on?
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical
My twitter isn't working on my phone very well!
Bo!
And it feels like I am just too close to love u, there's nothing I can really say: new favorite song thanks to microsoft!
3 Alex Clare!
: New producer signed with the label!
INGENIOUS follow him!
Making someone laugh when they're feeling down is one of the best feelings in the world.
LOL!
Yes, that movie is HILARIOUS start to finish!
honest roasted chicken :
haahaha i know!
I was stupid back then..
As opera user I don't want browser company to receive data about me.
I'd rather pay  for software than pay with my data.
Remembering and Honoring our DDay Veterans
If we all threw our problems in a pile and saw everyone else's, we'd grab ours back.
Awesome.
Too bad I didn't get that job...or not.
yes pleasee.
ill talk to doctorw
rock on.
power to the people.
A well lit cabin for a red eye flight?
Such torture!!!
Are you going to DC nerdcache?
yeah I can't complain.
So are you tired of me yet?
Thanks Jake!
I'm doing social strategy as well as business development.
It's a fantastic opportunity.
as you would say..
Fuq you, asshole
We are we are The Youth Of The Nation!
Watch Trueblood a bit, I've got some bud's that dig Dex tho.
Looking forward to our newly revised workbook!
still have not found 3 free hours to see the Avengers :
Northeast Christian Church in Louisville.
Doors are always open if your ever in town
Hello medium roast my old friend!
You always start the morning right!
Happy Mother's Day!
wish the picture was clearer so I could tell what it was that you doctornk!
:
im not sure it doesn't hurt to try
haha school's out so we need to move out and don't have another place set up yet.
We're moving to a new place thuraday
Thanks, Rachel  didn't think of that.
YES I DID!
Am I wrong?
AJ was basically given away.
Two minor league pitchers in return I believe
Going for BRATS and Salmon Fishing in the Yemen on a double date with Steve and Lesa!
YAY!!!
DATE NIGHT with a fireman!!!
We'll be on the lookout!
Come in anytime.
So I happen to like wandering guitar jams and a little wah pedal.
That doesn't make me a hippie.
umm k so i'm cleaning the jizz out of my floor from when derek spent the night lauren
literally...
About 30 mins ago, it was an incredibly long/uncomfortable day...
But worth it to see my favorite people!
My multimeal Sunday  RatatouilleEscovitch fish w/boniato/green bananaPasta saladFilipino Chicken Adobo for the WEEK!
You?
We love you.
But, we're not in the phone book under agency.
You have to look under 3 dipshits from Texas.
Session w/
Is there a rule that every bin of bargain vinyl must have at least three different Herb Alpert LPs?
Hoosiers turn up the d and take an 119 lead.
Badgers miss two free throws.
Serving a special something at Wine Down tonight...it is National Pigs In A Blanket Day!!!
Woo!
Hoo!
That was
New Summer  New Swag
Life ain't about how fast you run or how high you climb.
It's about how well you bounce.
We still love our saints!
whodat nola ....
Now let's get our doctornk on.
EXPERIENCE THE HOTTEST ALL NATURAL PRODUCT LINE,COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS
Feeling like I have wings but without the Red Bull.
Lol firstweekofdietcompleted.
:D
Late night rush.
That's why the phones get answered.
24/7.
When a guy calls you beautiful instead of hot.
:
u have to have a strong fan base to win, that's just the way it is, Glaydas should have gone by now, but she has a lot of fans.
iste11 now really looking forward to VSTE conference in Dec to hear Chris L.
again and Adam Bellow.
LETS GO PITSBURGH BEAT THOSE RAVENS
do you ever s/o people when you say u r
I hate when that happens.
A very familiar feeling.
I'd suggest you start doctornking again except it rarely leads to good outcomes.
DC Mayor just declared it is officially American Institute of Architects' Day in the city!
:
Starting a video answer series for some of the most FAQs I get.
Of course the day I decide to record my first video I wake up sick!
Lol.
make that 2 songs.
Almost there.
Watch out, we comin!!!!!
SOPA would have Americans censoring Americans' talk of how to rip DVDs.
What's next, censorship of police brutality videos?
Slipery slope.
In the Session: Supervisory  leadership Skills, the focus is very similar to how I teach chess.
i can't help it!!!
Do I have to stop being weird on my Twitter once I start using it for networking?
I'm not on this whole professorssional facade thing.
oh you know it!
Happy Birthday Matt!
and then we read away the afternoon
McBrine, in my opinion, is super cool and funny.
Deceptively tough on exams and papers, though.
Great reference.
Make sure to follow me on instagram  dmoe77
monsters trended justin is desperate,most of these kind of justin trends are created by them.
and they say they're against bullying yeah
GOD is Good.......ALL the Time....Even if we break our promise
Dear Rochester, please plow your roads!
Thank you.
I should like her more because of that but I don't.
Does Apple really expect people to read a 42pg Terms of Service for iBooks upgrade?
LOL.
i know boo; we was jamming to it when you was doctorving that granny car!
: hahahaa
thanks for sharing your favorite photo!
this holding down 2 jobs shit got me tired....but the xtra  makes mama happy
Game night?!
Let's get this scheduled.
how did u celebrate Lag B'Omer?
Nice part of being in the middle of PDX traffic.
View of Mt Hood.
sometimes i wish i could go back in time and visit how things used to be.
I know and it's all just happening to fast...
Life is a series of times and to live each, would be to succeed.
o enjoy!
our flavia machines recently started to become free : love the milkyway lattes
Going to dinner  6 :
And another miserable day at school begins, in 3...2..1.
Thank God for and If it wasn't for them I'd have to lay here with my thoughts
DELIVERY SPECIAL: 3 Deluxe Box Lunches, 3 doctornks...20!
Clearly ghost written by Stinky Roadside.
;
Well, Big Bill has finally recovered from his Chicago Bears playoff disappointment.
Let us now pillage the Vikings and look to next year!
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America!
Musicalstop.com !!!!!!!!
WE wouldn't have that problem but u tripping
Back on plane!
Glimmer of hope, but connection prospects dim.
All i need is That Super thing 
It's almost as if the Boyz are moving on, and Vinny's stuck in the past.
Who will save your soul by jewel
Us and our friends Lila Ignite and Second Floor Love Story finally all got a show together!
Tonight old friends blow it up!
Go Golden Eagles!!
Tonight...
ARTIC FLOW at Index Art Center!
Don't miss the opening!
Walking around Lake Merritt to , well Ike's Lair, what a great day.
You dug deep into Fletcher's military record and Carl's school/performance, but haven't seen much on her prosecutorial record.
Yea Yea
Early morning Amtrak to nyc.
All aboard!
It's a boy!
Congratulations to Travis Kold Kut Moore and his lovely wife Beth.
Dizzy dizzy, Caffeine Tizzy!
Could be an interesting topic: The history of database development and J.
Edgar Hoover's files at the the FBI
Opportunities are never lost; someone will take the one you miss.
I found a good one  ask me!
It's hard to get work done when you're sitting in the car repair waiting room a baby is crawling on your foot and the Ellen show is on.
Getting ready to go to my brothers baseball practice
Yikes!
Now, did they have to go out and buy adult diapers on hand, or is one of the parents incontinent?
aww!
I hope they figure it out and you can prevent the next 1, or at least be prepared.
Poor Skylar!
:
hahaha.
Then I guess it's a good thing I didn't try and make him guess Martini then?
should be sushi!
haha
Not yet!
Send some : RT :  Glad the idea of TUMSFreshers impressed you!
Have you had a chance to try them yet?
Just completed Tourism Roundtable w/ Ken Salazar Secretary of US Department of Interior, Congresswoman Susan Davis  others at San Diego Zoo
That's really a 102, esp.
for an American readership, IMO.
a little early to talk trash
hey , there is some1 lookin 4 an Ipod....
LOL....
Loaded I Think some1 has spoiled me...
I need everything u got...
Random cracks Yo mama so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a blue tooth
pt 2 to my test !
wish me luck
cnndebate Santorum wants the Reagan Democrats back!
same here dude.
Hopefully next week will work
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach.
We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
Thanks to you too for all of your support!
It is a daily privilege to work here!
he goes hard
Or are we!?
Just kidding yes we are just messing around.
None of this was serious.
In celebration of March's International Women's Month, the GTWT girls will make an empowering words quilt with
doctorw is an awesome champion for Hunger Task Force!
RT : RT : Folks, please welcome Tom Waddle to twitter.
That's his 16year old nephew in his avi.
Closing thought: we are as much a participant in creating a prods brand as the co.
that's producing/marketing it
Sorry now avail here too.
New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Washington, D.C., California, and Texas
ordering online.
Three weeks after doing my laundoctor, it still sits in the clean pile on my floor
Geez, isn't messing around with It's as close to the death sentence as it can get.
bahhhh!!!
woman on ebay!
Stop outbidding me!
I'm bringing my AGame.
Do it.
RT Want to get more out of social Networks?
Build 211 degree relationships.
Meet face2face for the extra degree.
Worked for me!
Yes!
Love it.
Not all artistadmin are artists, but are
Officials want fewer northern pike in Eagle Nest Lake, because they keep eating the trout and salmonso they held a pikefishing tournament.
how you do!
is also here at Lola VFX.
No I didn't forget.
I wanted Max to have his own tweet.
BBW all on my TL.
I can't stand that show.
From the looks of it, y'all can't either.

CANADA !
Follow 3
You know whats cool about america?
While people are starving, we can fast forward tv
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE Consistency is the Key to Life!
DIE IN A HOLE
Just got back from D.C!
Shower  then I be on later.
Oh,  HAPPYMOTHERSDAY!
3
Spring Commencement is May 28th.
Congrats grads!

Fuck her, I swear she gets no type of love from me no more.
It was the Sail Loft tonight!
mindless behavior
Thanks  look forward to it!
Congrats on your graduation!
:
Being Humble Is Cool...
That being said though...
If there's grass on the field, play ball!
Thx for the concert!
And thx for coming!
You guys are all super sweet, a class act.
So glad to meet you!
Wasn't there one on advertising/marketing?
I think I need to read that.
yoga pants
Thanks for the compliment!
Im going on twitcamm!
how long does it take to make one?
Any more colors?
Alcohol will increase your heat loss, due to the alcohol simulating your blood vessels to dilate
I have come to the conclusion that Facebook is my morning Newspaper.
Nothing like the daily news and a cup of coffee!!
Puxatawny Phil can say what he wants.
Pitchers  catchers report in 17 days regardless.
i need her in my life ASAP!!!
lol
For most people it is much more thrilling to be acknowledged for your ideas than to truly listen for the unspoken needs of others.
listening to Steven Farmer's podcast interview with Satiama
Breaking News: NFL season will start on Wed Sept 5th
after this, goodnight.
ahead of time.
Yep.
RT : JaVale McGee cracks me up.
every body follow a very beautiful up coming model.
me, you and Are going to ICON Over the Summer and Im Going to Run up and Madison and Kiss Him
Agree contracts can be difficult, but has to be agreement on branding, crediting, promotion of the story.
Really important.
Happy Three Kings' Day, friends!
your the best :
i believe we'll be up there around april or may if all works out as planned.
just keep an eye out :
i swear i keep forgetting derek fisher plays for okc now
Started my University of Washington!
I have five months to work on it, but still!
Thanks bud 4 ff..have a good weekend
If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
David Viscott
thanks : Been thinking a lot about this, too.
Good session
This day just went from great to bad to fucking terrible within a matter of an hour.
oh dear
Was gonna ask ;
: you want to play?
Hate to see that about your foot..
i mean i really hated to see it cause your feet are kinda ugly...
:p JK getwellsoon :
Irenegotiated my vacation days to avoid this freakin' hurricane.
Irene...you win.
haha!
no rush.
nofaith RT : watch wolf vomit up this lead against the padoctors.
COME ON!
Go green!
Try printing only when necessary.
Sickening.
Someone call the ICC!
Try Open Seasme.
I think I saw one on there.
thanks these seats are ridiculous
Ty Lawson just went ludicrous speed
imma have a fat ass blunt for June 3rd
The road to a friend's house is never long.
Danish Proverb
Stupid doctor's office:P
Lol!
Works for me!
Just unplug it!
Haha
Life has a wonderful way of letting you forget where you just were, so that you can think only of the present.
Isabel Toledo
Join if you live in Las Vegas and hate going to the gym!
We have a cure for the gym blues...
call us today!
LMMAORT : bitch yo pussy hair look like the top of blank head im cool
We about to go n this school smelling like nothing but kush :
miller!
And yes I do
Thanks to all of our Autism team runners and volunteers at a cold, wet St Pat's Dash this morning!
are you talking about a link to a website?
reading a 523 page book in like 5 hoursnerd
Can I give Puck a hug right now?
:'
My mom thinks I grow weed in my bedoctorom.
awkward.
isshestoned?
you know people be jeffin when yo shit Don't even b tight foreal but they always retweetin it or liking it  kill yoself
It's funny how preconceptions run our lives.
It's only when you actually give it a chace that you realize how wrong/right you were.
he said he was thinking about me..
lol, don't do that.
can y'all please play Old School by Chuck Wicks?
Yes!
Everyday, everytime, everything.
RT : Is the man suppose to pay every time for everything?
Just asking?
Welcome to Twitter!!!RT : hello my daughters....have a wonderful day!
encyclopedia britannica is no longer publishing print editions.
I am actually a little sad for my kids.
loved getting lost in those huge bks
So I will say today I'm grateful to be living in a country where people can argue and debate and make free choices.
Or better yet, rest of my life knowing I may meet him one day....
Not to mention the shout out he hopefully takes well
Jesus I Love You
: Nice!
Any plans on running a 5K?
im Ready for OverTheLimit on ppv cuz coming after you when he gets better John Lauriniantis your dead
oh i totally know what ur goin through, hope things get better!
What's with the freezer not having a light when the refrigerator does?
love this city too.
Minus the traffic.
This boy is triping
Polls have shown about a 7 point swing if election held now.
Only have 60 days to promote our candidate and Barrett is well known
So get off the slave ships/build your own pyramids/write your own hieroglyphs
To walk or not to walk in May
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to continuing dialogue on technology issues that matter to our students.
I'm at office : I really happy to come back here : !!!
I ain't in to bondage so I'm lost.
editing today.
that thing we photographers do when we're not shooting.
I hope that in the far future someone doing research on 21st century American culture finds out about Twitter and gives up.
What do you most look for in a nonprofessort org  community service, socials, lectures, etc?
Let us know so we can serve you!
Parents: Keep your kiddos at home!
Tomorrow is a two hour late opening for the SEI Academy.
Classes begin at 10:45AM  see you then!
Skype 5.3 for Windows released, improves mobile video call quality ...
So I'm currently in the market for a cuddle buddy since it's starting to get really cold.
If interested, I am currently taking apps.
Thanks.
I respect it!
Very gutsy move.
RT : Even for people who have no spiritual beliefs, a peaceful mind is important.
Lead Generation experts and will in be in attendence Tue, Wed, and Thu at the interop show this week.
DM for info
After months of searching were stoked to announce Adam Ranellone is our new Bassist!
Keep voting everyday for us to play Warped Tour!
Casually doctorpping in on cmgrchat today.
Jen, online comms ...
hi everyone!
thanks for the follow!
TY for the FF mentionHope you had a great holiday!
On the trolley back to the hotel and this indian man in front of me is sitting here having a full blown convo.
By himself Laughing and all!
pushed me for no reason in the hall 
How come sunlight is always stealing or creeping over stuff in writing.
Light moves fast!
It should be jogging at least.
ThingsThatINeed being loved for who i am n not for what i am :D
that's cool
You are welcome  cool stuff being launched at
Will Santino thinks too highly of himself.
Remember when I was standing right there in front of the window of Motion Peanut saying goodbye like an elephant and it clicked so I called?
That's good but this man is still not in jail.
This just still doesn't sit right.
Orlando is better than this.
Today at work...reminded me that I need to move on.
I need to be where I'm appreciated.
Thank you universe.
I'm listening.
can't wait for the ustream!
remember,
how u doing im back
boners are very serious, they need to be taken care of.
I wonder how the team cleans their equipment?
Thanks so much for the retweet!
Yall are silly
Wow, snappy.
D
I wanna find a place where my love can stay..
so you just gotta promise you won't give my love away...
We're excited to announce, we're now open 7 days a week!
Come on in tonight and enjoy our new extended happy hour until 8pm!
She is an amazing person!
Stupid BITCH
Ah im late but now.
Tuned TATW .
I cant wait for next week
Back from the dentist.
Hygentist told me I have perfect teeth.
It gets precarious, with no one to carry us.
No art cartographers to map out the areas If I have to give a word...
it's Perilous
Seriously, whatever.
so i hear everytime someone confronts you about you talking shit you do the YMCA
TYSM,Barbara!
I love her work too!
We are at market finding so many new things for the boutique, all to make the active LIFE easier and fun!
I can't live with nobody!
Thanksgiving Weekend sale Take 30 off any regularly marked item excluding clearance and accessories.
1720 Juan Tabo NE Suite E
SALE TODAY Call 1.800.GOD.SONG to order :: Glorious CD/DVD  Sovereign CD for only 15.99 SH!!!!!
Our Greatest Year is a sharp and funny take on CLE Sports.
Last show tonight at 8 in Clev Hts.
Agreed!
Just like the spec of 0.005 lux in the fine print...
thx for the follow!
what's up in HWood tonite?
Orlando People please repost
I am so happy it's Friday.
Anything fun happening in Sacramento this weekend?
You were supposed to be my good mates..you don't even bother to talk to me anymore..
Lol coachpop needs to chill and smile!
He looks like an ANGRY BIRD
my mom goes these earrings must be real they're heavy I go I bought them from Tiffany's they better be real smh
You'll feel so much better!
i didnt know 2 days was that long haha
Hope the celtics win tonight!
: So Obama has thrown in his lot withSilicon Valley paymasters who threaten all software creators with piracy.
Just finished a great webinar on givingcircles with !
Thank you!
Will do!
xoxo
Wall Street people learn nothing and forget everything.
Benjamin Graham
Thanks for the RT Michael!
I'll admit your attention to detail is impressive...
GM!
Thanks for the show last night!
It was an absolute blast!
Congrats and safe travels to South America!
RT : Cool hacks,BigData ideas,books from O'reilly  beer.perfect combination on a Monday.
thx y'all
loved book Dead to the world
I see..now how does this make you feel?
If you aren't listening to YMIW w/ you're missing out on some great Guam puns!
Lived there 3 years, thought I heard them all.
Hi Paul!
I'm Alexandoctora S from The Beauty Within Model Management with Pam in RI.
I seriously hate everyone who stands up in the aisle as soon as the plane lands.
Here's to the Directionators who love Lewis!:
highschoolmemories wen me n would be cuttin up n tha bac of all classes Senior year
Wow.
I can't believe Junior Seau committed suicide...
Just wow.
Santa Cruz, here I come!
Wrapped up a great afternoon on Loon Mtn now Pats time!
it better have fucking
CHANCE!
Enter to win a FREE Catered Party!.
Enter to win  www.PatricksCatering.com doctorwing to be held 9/7
Good morning, Happy Friday.
Enjoy your day.
It's about that time!!
Game time!
Yea!
Oscar party time
Roll on the floor laugh out loud funny...I thought it rocked!
Okay new question, why has everyone ELSE been to Disneyland at Halloween?
My previous tweets basically sum up what he said.
: excellent band!!!!
teamBEN.
Thank you.
Glad to have you listening!!
Coffee break en route to aaslh2011.
Amazing how 1.5 hrs.
in sunny car converts stressed to sleepy
shoot me an email at showbookingsmusiconthecouchcom if you are available July 9 9pm central to sit on The Couch
Reciprocal conv, emot reg.
I create products like this but want to scope out existing stuff  then make my own apps
I thought it was a Rorschach test.
Its sad im almost 18 and I still mmake it a point to watch Spongebob everyday.
the story is in my fav
Diggin the sound of this new track..
Lmao at girls with okay sized asses that think they got a donk
Vegan pepper jack sounds fantastic!
Do you know where you can buy it?
I haven't seen it anywhere.
yeah!
Glad you like them, enjoy the game.
When cooking, do not be afraid of soy sauce.
Eerie feeling passing through Henryville, IN with mangled semi trailers lining I65, boarded up windows and houses halfgone 6 weeks later.
2012 New Media Web Awards Heralds Expanded Categories  MarketWatch
Mad props to the guy who came to work with the Natty Boh Bovechkin jersey tshirt
What did you think of the Grammy's?
who else fought?
I heard there was like 5 fights
Giirrl!
Ms.
Kym voice but no this boy at my school thought I was subtweeting him.
But yeah my mama birthday Saturday.
You still coming?
thanks...will be seeing you this week!
Great video for Evan's best friend, Kenny.
His amazing spirit will make you smile!
This survivor is fucking weird
BrINT tosses another one, this time for a TD!
Yowza!
Isn't the festival running until Friday?
Some of the models from today's show made a flipbook so cute!
that is your bbm
Just wanted to tell you again how muchh i LOVEE youu3
yess I do.
On jefferson almost to youu
The awkward moment when u fall asleep typing ur paper and wake up realizing its not finished and due tomorrow
The avengers was the culmination of a ton of great ideas, one of my fav movies ever.
Everything a comic book nerd could doctoram of.
You'll have to let me know how that is.
I so look forward to the end of this week completely because of the NCPH conference.
According to Carl's JR you can marry bacon now.
Guessing it can't be a Jewish ceremony.
Looking forward to 's first day at today!
Welcome to the team!
Another wonderful Nielsen save.
I was going to tweet a quote by but I can't remember what it was.
you good bro?
Werdum got screwed.
Overeem got outstriked and literally laid in guard for 9 minutes.
Overeem in guard makes Guida look active
slizzard like a
New video for accent modification instructors who want to improve their marketing game at www.800language.com.
Marketing Essentials worksh
Let's go mighty red!!!!!
Head down to The Mix, downtown San Antonio, right across from the Rabbit for incredible live performances!!
M the scent of apple glazed turkey is wafting through BullFish.
Join us 5:30  7:30 pm for tonight's wine tasting with food pairings.
happy birthday hope u have an awesome birthday mw and my friends wish u the best :
it's ok...I'M BACK
smokin till i overdose
tired from working, meeting with folks....and bowling.
!
I can't believe I am still on a bowling team....
RT : Tyson Chandler shaved his beard.
The name on the front of the jersey is more important than the name on the back.
Good morning ;
He said he liked my hair cause it brings out the wild side ...
ugh thats scary :
cause it's a jail.
:
I think McCain forgot his depends.
He is afraid to stand up
10 hours later; Digital Storytelling class about ready to go online; 12 grant proposals lined up; total online course overhaul commencing...
Amen to that!
I miss it!
you've got to admit, for a shaved talking cat, Carville is pretty amazing
Us!
See you at the Open House!
One person that don't stand a snowballs chance in hell in getting my vote.
Newt The Lobbiest Gingrich.
Nonpartisan voters make difference
Got to school and realized that my backpack was zip tied.
Just let us know when you have another Youth Service and we will come.
We would love to Minister a couple of songs.
Isn't it.
Indeed, my mouth was open, catching flies...
We will add it to our to do list.
:
You have to do it on mac or you can get an app to do it direct on iphone like ABContacts for iphone
Have you ever wondered why?
What a beautiful morning!!!!
Too bad I'm late to class!!!
Damn snooze button!
Lol
we will be doing free yoga at the inner harbor again this year!
classes start may 20 and will be every sunday at 8:30am
go ahead
Ok Broncos in, now I have to watch the nuggets.......play another team I hate!
: get off ur phone and pay attention.
Or ill eat on the candy in front of your face!
Yeah, but if Geno goes to Philly i can pretty much gaurantee no one will call him a traitor
Did you know the penis is three times the size of your thumb...I would have a pretty nice penis!
how about I slap you with my dick, then stick it up ya ass..
Then  all ova ya tired lookin face.
RNG...I just love them
happy mother's day to all the mother's out there.
you've got the hardest job of all much love :
Hi cab doctorvers, it's 2012.
It's time to stop being assholes about taking credit cards.
hey there what is this true twit thing ?
I post comics on this account, wanna follow me?
LVLT is going to pop!
Pick your game up!
u sux right now!
Little break back home to NY..rest recover and come back focused
and who, precisely, is your daddy?
wait, I think they got that one
Didjya see that Google and Facebook have held takeover talks with Twitter.
Want your cell phone service for FREE?
Christopher / 602.573.4157
Happy Lunar New Year!
The family  that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to.
Dodie Smith
nice body but that face has to go haha
Feeling so incredibly blessed to have the people in my life that I do.
Xoxo
Joe Hooker wanted to win final battle of CivilWar  be President.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan.
But he failed.
2.99 KindleAmazon
Great article in featuring MPart!
Many many thanks!!
Hey Al!
my contract is coming up with ATT soon.
What are the good deals for iPhones with Verizon?
You bet
Your welcome!
I support doctoram chasers and I can see your struggle and match it up to mine.
Much Love  Peace to you!
next time please.
:
I want a kitten 
Just made a decision and it feels like a weight has been lifted.
Im horrible with touch screen phones!
i've got a medium with your name on it!
you'd look good in red and I know you'd sport your GeekWear with pride!
thx for the shout!
Crazy timing  we are going to be on Sirius/XM's Live Audio Wrestling w/ Lex at the same time on Sunday!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in videoblogger because she is awesome!!
;
yes great to meet you also hope you are having a great day
you do now as well!!
I know, felt for you man, especially during bag doctorlls right after
you bet!
What email shall we send to?
thanks!
sad to miss, but am feeling ill :
nope.
Was listening to the Lost Bayou Ramblers cover The Who, which was pretty amazing.
yeah, and the forecast is predicting this shit all week...
Thanks for helping PPSS get 2500 likes!
PPSS likes you too!!!!
: open today 128
Yes I Know You Are Reading This.
Just Know You Broke Alot Of Your Villains Hearts.
Please Come Back .
Packing.
Fresno in the am with Rock Steady Ministries.
Youth conference at Crosspoint Church
Men's Track: Josh Williams sets school record in 5,000 meters at North Central Invite.
Good night to my future baby daddy 
No vuelta for radioshack.
WTF?
Totally insane, I hate contador even more now!
Thanks for all the help on my Davidson Project.
I really appreciate it!
Well that sucks
u mean for good?
Lol
this bitchy situation make me migrain.
HELP ME
Thanks!
: Also new to bestsellers  Here Comes The Brides  1 on the NF paperback list!
Congrats
gimme a call, 719.481.9476 to discuss this opportunity further.
maintain a good bench
Dear mummy, let my love take you higher :
yo momma got 3 fingers and a banjo...
WOW..
once more w feeling..wow
Work part of the trip is done.
Now a bit o' fun.
Tonight: Star Trek.
Next up: holiday cookout with friends tomorrow.
you all ready have the new iPhone?!?
:D
Then is definitely time to get it fixed!
thinking through file formats, editing, use, and platforms.
hmm didn't think about checkin services.
scary thought.
the optimist in me wants to believe cams are for good.
grey's anatomy!
Holllaaa!
Kinect software permits users to operate the Xbox 360 interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
Giving in, going to bed.
Emailed you my shows Bio and the Artist Money Major's Bio as well, bringing both to LA and Bay Area Aug 2530th
Annie Leibovitz Is on letterman...
Showing some of her new photos...
Bad photos...
sad...
Even with heavy spring rain, the RRV definitely looked and smelled beautiful.
I'd like to hear the answer to that question if ya get one!
Welcome to wpac!
Thank you for your support!
Aka the main event
check DM : Hi Gil!
What about my request?
I'm only unpleasant when I have to be
I'm in my room lol
love you too333
very true..
it's so funny to hear you talk about your son and how he's growing up when all I can think of is the story you tole me of him
Its okay babe , me and Where by your casa , we have a car  we wanted to chill , but next time :
doesn't pasta sound god on a doctorary day like today?
6.99 allyoucaneat pasta tonight, how perfect!
Is it seriously supposed to snow on Saturday?!
Gonna make for a fun spring game...
Frantically packing.
As usual, not sure how I'm getting everything back.
I haven't left yet and I'm already in withdoctorwal.
Sigh.
More Battle Trivia My Dude.....
I've never been!!
I should go the next time I'm in town!
go back to bed, unless you wanna ply nhl
Rough Monday  just gotta keep reminding myself I'll be in Vegas next week...
celebrities...they're just like us!
are you and Joe cucci still coming through tomorrow??
Hey i just et you,and this is crazy but heres my Twitter...SO FOLLOW ME MAYBE!!!!
Thanks...
A7Great players make the plays theyre supposed to and a few more Advice of bball coach, made major impact whn applied 2
No, thank you.
I'm the beast and you're the beauty
You sure act tough for being a fake mascot Twitter account.
: Tigers JustinVerlander Royals good luck dude
thank you so much!
Will you put honey in it for me?
When a magazine has a poster with a picture of Liam in the front and Louis in the back...
How am I suppose to choose?!
mister and mister.
smith: only movie where couples beat the living shit out of eachother and have make up sex right afterwards..
YouGePointsIf you don't constantly compliment me every five mins annoying let it me
TARA you rock!
Thank you!
What is the biggest fishing fail of your life?
For me I had bass that looked 1517lbs get away at the boat!!!!!that one hurt
Just wrapped rehearsal for IdolFinale.
You guys are not gonna believe this show.
Happy Day to both of you!
Enjoy :
Me Weird ?
Bitch , I'm Limited Edition .
Duh why wouldnt be...it's Saturday.
You all going to be  Brownies for a while?
UGH !
Oh well we'll have a great aft/night I'm sure as usual .
hand job?
I'd be more inclined to read badger herald if every article didn't have an underlying liberal agenda.
As biased as conservative fox news!
k thanks Ill try that
my bad  just a tooweird for twitter joke.
my desktop is cluttered and my guilt is pitched up too.
Thank you!
RT : Congrats 2012 Best of the Web winners: , , Abbots Frozen Custard
.
You'll have to dance for a while longer yet : Game isn't until 7pm tomorrow, 4/18 : Go Canucks!
Hockey Dance!
Wow you really need to just give it to someone lmao most likely someone that annoys you
Phillipsburg Police report VISIO TV stolen from home on Bates Street
lol, Why Not ?
People voted for Change and that's what we'll get.
.53 cents left for 2012 for our government accounts!!
Hahaha
Floyd came out to that 2chainZ
T.G.I.F.
Because its finally the katy perry concert!
This is the teenage doctoram:
Do you agree or disagree with doctorw Bledsoe getting voted to Pats HOF?
Hilarious in tonight's episodes.
Of course it's an evil plan!
:
OMG tachs test results today......
I remember when I first met Michael Bennett..nigga was fast as FUCK!!
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
only arrived yesterday!
and nah, megan fox ;
thanks: so how are you.?
Can it be true???
Rev Phil is back in town!?!!?
When you comin over ?
i  sweet home alabama xD
next Monday at rocbar
Old system preferable to a new one where some teams play 8 home games, others 6, and conferences have different makeups.
how did you even know that...
LOL
Hella blushing bro cx He is just making my day 33
awe, you're so cute with braces  without them: your happy there off aren't you ?:

Are you studying early childhood education?
i know but, we can help to make people follow her, the more followers the better :
BTW, I think the survey is valuable, just wondering out loud why co's aren't touting benefits to customers as top value props
do you do anything for fun BESIDES go to baseball games?
Discuss how you translate  interpret business strategies to clarify direction  to gauge impact on current plans.
What is up with everyone on Twitter dying?
Last choir concert EVER.
didn't think I'd be saying that for two more years...
Militant Muslims have a serious problem with clothing.
14 youths in Baghdad have been stoned to death for doctorssing emo.
Cranking away on Preserve America Grant due Friday.
Is their anyone in the DC Office to receive it?
I can't wait to pick up my doctorm heads after school.
3
Wheels  TMac are in midseasonnimisterds form.
The suntan lotion commentary was creepy.
thanks for following.
:
hat tip I bow to your throng, madame!
xox!
Even though my cats don't have thumbs they still managed to open the zip locked treat bag.
hahah that's awesome.
I was gonna say I thought he'd be done by now
bull shit just happened!
I am so pissed!
How do you celebrate small successes?
do Ti Amo for me please
I wish i lived in cali...
is always doing stuff there...
morning lady bug!
Happy New Year, Everyone!
Don't forget to follow me , re: indigenous media/archiving/human rights/issues/tech tools, etc.
Your words are full of lies.
Ouu I'd like to work for then
totally agree.
Broke every record for single season as a hitter with Thome on all star difficulty
Tonight!
Tonight!
w/ at Red  Black at 9pm for only 6.
Guaranteed to be the best Tuesday night you have all week!
so hes almost 12 and he knows everything about bullying and he said i was beautiful 3
Let's Get It TeamFitness!!!
The first of November and were on a mission!
Every day is an opportunity to get stronger, faster, and healthier
Interesting that I know getting through the bear trap unscathed refers to golf
I hate when that happens.
I would too : my mom is having a heart attack looking for my little sister .
Thanks for the FF love
JUST GOT MY TWITTER, you should follow me.:
FF TeamLNCReps Ride w/ Us Or Will Ride Over You
At home hiding tryna stay out of trouble lol.
Six people done piled out of that van.
Had a rough start to my day, but seeing another Congratulations tweet always lifts my spirits!
Bout to clean this room and stretch my money some kind of way before the 2nd half come back on
yeah I have to work
Join us for a magical New Year's Eve celebration at RedMarlin with sparkling views of the SanDiego bay.
Call today: 6192214868
It's weird sitting passenger seat in your own car
: This has been a glorious adventure.
vancouver SALONTEA you go girl!
SALONTEA is going global!!!
Write doctornk.
edit sober.
Ernest Hemingway
Good morning tweeps.
What's new?
hahahaha and by occationallly, you mean like twice a year?
RT : Computer sales to reach 1bn by 2014, but 20bn pencils will sell that year as well.
So how do I tweet in pencil?...
weather, WHY.
it did.
Hacker spaces being plugged at futuresci  maybe these can take over all the shutdown blockbuster locations!
No problem.
We have some more interesting content coming through today.
Getting close!
RT : Dont forget the 100th follower gets a free meal at Fayes!!
Whhaaaa?
Do you think Dave is running the social media over at JLM?
looking to have a group of people at club e and doctorp a new track Saturday.
Can u help with that?
Still shopping around for online/text polling service that has unlimited responses for free.
Anything out there?
how are you?
:
Wow this umpire better not be a dumbass this whole game
Hi!
You are one of the best reporter of ktla.
So enthusiastic:
Ganoderma boosts metabolism,flushes toxins, makes you lose weight.
Check out the tasty, healthy beverages at: www.doctorlackston.organogold.com
RT HUGE!
Congrats to and on their launch of !
More great tech coverage in the NW to come!
awesome!
tonites episode of touch includes hamisterdio
Follow Me.
Follow Me.
Follow Me.
Follow Me.
Follow Me.
Follow Me.
Follow Me.
FOLLOW ME :D
whatever it is please don't lose that svelte figure...
good morning everyone
thanks!
great to have you on board!
follow us for the latest news.
happy slideshowing!
I'm good.
There's way too much tl;doctorgoing on from white males in the comments already.
I get on twitter and people going at it real talk so much hostility
famouslastwords Elvis Has Left The Building.
take me with you
RT : Remember the Geminid meteor shower peaks tonight.
If you have clear skies  enjoy the views!
TRYNA SEE U ON A YOGO BALL NEXT TO YO YOGO PANTS
I love Europane.
I'd like to curl up to the big loaves of ciabatta and sleep there.
hit the limit?
How do you keep up with all those tweets..does everything zip by??
Obviously not, you're way too fucking stupid to have psychic powers.
hey!!!
Still need an assistant?
: 
Looking forward to seeing everyone at the Info Session tomorrow at 12:30pm in room 111
weird..takes you to their blog?
Like too.
but for the OS's I'm running the app experience is better.
ESP desktop.
In the past a leader was a boss.
Today's leaders must be partners w/ their people, they no longer can lead based on positional power.
good goaltender AND class act.
your tweet about sven's call up still brings a smile to my face
ESPN mentions Tim Tebow more than they mention all other 31 teams.
H.O.P.'s this isn't the National Tebow League.
Congratulations, Kirk!
You have worked hard for this gamechanger.
We're proud!
Are there any specific things you like knowing about?
New products, updates to fix problems, events or announcements?
Pregame meal of blueberry pancakes before heading down to NFL Experience and Super Bowl Village.
Listening to Peter Thiel, cofounder of PayPal talk re: paying kids not to go to college.
a degree is not proof of thinking or learning.
Watching onceuponatime : then some marykay pampering session
the mind boggles.
i've seen stamina demand the dying of many things in Korea, but...wow.
gonna watch insidous later on 2nite...i wonder if its as scary as people say it is..
Dont be discouraged if a publicity stunt doesnt work.
Even if you did all the right tricks to attracts the media, nothing is certain.
agh sweetie, welcome home!
This week Forkfly is curious about local fashion.
We want to know about your favorite local boutiques or shops!
We're looking a bit dated..
Those freaks over on Reddit are having a field day today.
you're seriously a little bitch.
Go tell your girlfriend goodnight and go to bed.
The joke is that you don't have a girlfriend
Best Sports Bar in NYC If you would like to try a keg out with some friends send me a Direct Message.
I have a few to give away!
Really can't wait to move into San Antonio with
no way, was there for a UCL final a few yrs ago, was rubbish.
Can I get some shoutouts from my lovely lady followers?
:
Thank you!
RT : I attended an awesome networking event last night!
Thanks Digital Rochester and !
: a ngga can't wait till summer so I can jump out on a btch wit my slingshot on tatted down Need some ink?
Finna go buy my momma something nice.
I'll have to watch it tonight.
If not mice may attack me haha
noo its my holee to put my charger in !!x an says u miss no pants
Yep.
The main mics center stage have been feeding back all night.
Would you want your daughter going to a bachelor party?
Not a Hallmark movie, a Lifetime Movie when someone ends up in jail ha
And then some: Major Lazer, Cave In, The Budos Band, Slayer
Friday, Friday, Friday.
what's best practice for the addoctorss to send out a customer focused newsletter?
argues noreply is unfriendly
your girl embarrassed when she don't tag you in a the in relationship status change on FB
Yes siirrr!
RT : Does MSU deserve a number one seed
Delicious.
Delicious is what would happen.
That moment when watching MyLittlePony with daughter and realizing you're really enjoying it too.
it is what is is baby tweepers read the truth and weep or you can laugh about it
Nice to see Andoctor playing so well.
Love his passing ability.
sent it :
Thank you Jon!
We're thoroughly enjoying it as well.
We couldn't either!
: I don't think I could ever live without red and green chile.
Why do people make their Twitter private?
Go back to Facebook.
I just read a survey that said bad sex is a deal breaker?
Humm?I think there is always room for
Started 1st photo series on this wknd; goto my animatedstate photostream then tell me what u think; many pix planned
no, bo!
Braves closer is out now
Skills and training required: Copyright knowledge, computer programming, and negotiation, and project management

DVR'd from Thursday on :
Fuck Her I Hate Her...
Words can't describe of how much I wanna move to Australia now and just move on :/
getting into the tattoo world I see...if only Boombots were locally endangered wildlife.
Fork, me, stick!!
Twitter Is So Much Better Than Facebook .
bc of the way I work I don't eat enough
Cathie and I just back from Rothbury,Mi., Music Festival  Willie Nelson and Bob Dylan both on Sunday night !!
Cool, or what?
Yes, VERY
My heart is breaking for Lindzi, but Courtney has sure played the game well  we all know he is going to choose her.
Similar to German?
Damn.
I have to Youtube this now.
Anyway, happy birthday!
Have a wonderful day.
TGIF !!
Still plenty of time to qualify for this weeks 2500 freeroll !!
15 hrs to get in, come find out about double hours !
Its and Irish Slave owners name, this might be a challenge hahaha
I found Chicken Maryland on the menu at Pizza Blitz in Frederick MD USA.
Just, y'know, in case you still hadn't come across any.
...
how long you going to be there I can wait til you get back...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY...I MISS YOU ETERNALLY.
Electric Generators Direct Announces Best Small Inverter Generators
It seems as if everybody but me gets a follow from but me..
not mad but super sad im happy 4 those who have followd
I wish we were going to new York together still!
I want to to come!!
Love Game Lady Gaga
Only game 3 and I've chewed all of my nails off intense.
Thanks for the follow
Fundamentally, I believe health care for everyone is a right.
Actors on twitter promote way too much.
That's why it's so much better to follow musicians/people in bands.
3
Yup!
Pathetic hypocrites!
Don't forget tonight at Pachinko parlor live unplugged show with our pals Mont Lyons .
Show is free starts at 10pm
About to get accepted to Triton
shit, chilling with my bros.
wby?
sad if true, but even sadder because it probably happens every four years.
Snow tomorrow in Philadelphia?
Oh boy...
Motherlover is so inappropriate but SO FUNNY
what are these?
grateful to have stumbled upon the musical talents of  while w/ this wknd!
That voice is my personal earworm.
it's a healthy obsession.
I've cut down
Are you okay w/ me calling you Jim?
Hm, Jim.
Dont forget all the TV coverage!
Sarcasm RT : I have no idea why a player would want to play in a system like UCLA and Ben Howland.
replacelyricswithgiraffe See that giraffe I never should have crossed it.
now that everybody can have instagram........
just get through your exams for me.
we'll kick ass after youre done
why are places closed today?
newyears day was yesterday...
What!
Your post are not inflammatory, funny but not inflammatory!
LOL
Found enough softballs in my room to fill a bucket while cleaning today..
it looks like you won something from the FF
Yeah he  Jill are kinda the object of the story besides Sydney..
Rose is in it once  Dimitri comes in at the end
Love that freaking movie!
: life is a big bicycle.
Some of us are pedalling and some are doctorgging their feet
He Know Who He Lovess
had a great crowd at free shuttle bus stops last night.
MCBW has been a resounding success
You know everything Taylor.
Taylor Gang rain or snow ho's runnin dem best clothes
Reap the benefits of
My new website will be coming out in the next few days!
www.bhavalshahbell.com Stay tuned!
cards, baby!
Anyone wanna help us raise 300
I want a banana
Silver Star notoriously slow starters.
Jia Perkins helping them do better tonight vs.
Sparks.
very international!
There is an NJPW wrestler who has funky weapon on his trunks.
I'm so jealous that someone thought of that name before me.
Where have i been all this time?
selfreflection I'm sorry if i let down my 81 followers.
I'm back and in full effect!!!!
If they say my foot is not broken, isn't a doctor obligated to examine it?
That NEVER happened, FOR THE RECORD!
I AM IN PAIN AND SUFFERING!
Congratulations to all the runners of the Peachtree Road Race.
If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear pain or loss, then our lives will be empty, our loss greater.
Wow, completely forgot that Hunter S.
Thompson just went and lived with Jimmy Buffet for a while to ride boats.
Leaving For !!!!!!!!
See Yaahhhh
Tonight's Daily 3 number is.........
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love and compassion.
Simone de Beauvoir
hey sweetie how goes it
off to Cleveland today for my writing partner Bobby Womack's Rock  Roll Hall of Fame induction.
Go Bobby!
How idle it is to call certain things Godsends!
as if there was anything else in the world.
Augustus William
With so many hungry; that amount of food waste is HUGE!
RT : 40?
That's a lot!
Also on today's show  a look at Pittsburgh Public Theater's Around The World In 80 Days from artistic director, Ted Pappas at 9!
want more of check um out this friday
gopdebate ok its a gathering of white old people and none of them look hungry.
Some are sleeping lol
Runner's knee sucks!
: forced to do a modified workout again...
guess it's just me, an icepack  HBO tonight.
love gameofthrones 
Well for starters what do I do about my bag that in landing in austin without me your people didn't answer that question
Dave just replenished his paperbacks  75 cents ea or 3/2  perfect weather for it!
my fitness pal.
it's helpful'
sad baby 
RT Convo with Rachel and RoRo today they got my back!
I love my family!
ohh wow !here school starts at 9 pretty much !but im gonna let you go so you can get ready for school now !byebye:
Thanks!
And you're quite welcome!
People get the most retarded tattoos these days
parents don't be understanding ppl in college don't be wanting to hear then nag !
I live alone , there's PEACE !
Helping my friend get noticed by Justin Bieber....
I'm watching the video of the 800 d:
I just got finished watching the movieDevito and Nicholson.you talk about spine tingling.
Those reading this Timeline are in the Know.
They find the links within links.
Have you?
oxox
wait waahhhh...
I need
Mayoral candidate Andoctorw Macdonald says Voter Registration Office certified he has enough signatures to have name on 11/6 ballot.
Don't worry, will still last thru August!
RT : The NBA playoffs start Saturday...man that came around QUICK!
Wi fi  laptops...
one the best inventions :
1.changed all my summer classes to the second half of summer  2.
Schedule mister 3.
Schedule doctors 4.
GTL
I'm still in denial tbh
I had a great craft show this past weekend!
Now I've just got to restock my jewelry inventory :
AHH yes!
they're all gems!
That seems like forever ago.
Side note: I MISS YOU.
Hey!
thanks for following!
: means alot!
but i know this might be a stupid question but how do i know if ppl tweet me lol!.
People that usually say you'll never be shit in life usually wish they were in your shoes
I am afraid right now, I don't wanna let you down.
Oh yeah  doctormmer Nick Mason tooreally works for me!
I'm in Miami.
And I can give a doctorss and a Jean!
LMK
Annoying lapsus lingua : edX, try MIT not Yale.
RT Harvard and Yale
Stay safe!
I hope you get my letter soon.
Wondering what wants to do when i get home in just a few min :
Eating soul food at Pappa Lew's on 12th St..
No I just call next team!!!
Simple
that baseline cram you had vs Louisville is my favorite alltime play vs the Cards.
Sick.
Either I'm retweeting too much or not enough...
Baby : I'll talk to you tomorrow or later tonight.
RT : Colorado WR Paul Richardson out for the season with a torn ACL.
Awesome, just awesome!
Sungitzs are here!
New Bait Protetion Cone allows the fishing heavy cover and extends the life of your bait.
Ck it out
got datt whip game to: tell your momma I love her3
inhighschool In High School I Use To Make 80's A Day Selling Candy Hustle Hard
got an email to say you favourited one of my tweets ; hehee follow or tweet me to top it all off?
love from ireland xo
And I know it's outta hand, okay, but I know you can take it ..
Dinosaur Jr.
Call me maybe is the bane of my existence
He doesn't have to buy me nice/expensive things..
or anything for that matter.
Random texts telling me he misses me...that makes my  happy.
Best afternoon snack in a while  halfpops.
Bag of popcorn that only has the halfpopped kernels.
Brilliant, and tasty.
I Need A Break From The World....
Cus I Just.....
It happens all the time is actually not that comforting.
A real man can stay loyal to his woman without getting sidetracked by hoes.
thanks man!
We will get you some more jams ASAP!
Keep following for updates bro!
is at the doctor getting her shots.
Like, seriously, her shots  a chicken pox vaccine.
Bad idea before grad?
Let's hope not...
Omg my mom is shitty i didnt come home last night!
Guess ill make her breakfast.
Lol
All them ballin ass niggas RT : Who wants to hang out with amp; I
He's my rainy day.
I'm really scared and nervous now.
Smh could this be a sign?
How or why are you using Twitter as a tool in your business?
Pretty funny Kat Deluna: I'm dating my career
midterm tomorrow.
tired of studying.
need it to be collegebreakday already....
collegekidproblems funnel cakes on friday!!!
so excited
What is your favorite mixed doctornk?
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tomato soup and Broccoli.
Sugarfree lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Often progress is halted by complaint.
Any online stream or posttalk video planned?
Well, I'm off to the for another great performance tonight.
wow, I really wish I was there!
Pandora kills my boredom .:
I don't know if I'm ready for all this.
art of evil
Mother of accused eastcoastrapist Aaron Thomas left PW Co courtroom as teen victim testified in preliminary hearing.
Product/service delivery appears in two camps: Either you are delivering an outcome on the cutting edge, or you are playing catchup.
Ask Ben if he's doing young life next Monday.
Tell him you'll chauffeur him there and home
Happy Guy Fawkes Day!
Celebrate gunpowder, treason,  plot by visiting us Today's your last chance to visit our popup 117!
You're so wise.
You're like a miniature Buddha, covered in hair.
GLGL to and who both have over 300k.
Damn it.
My new power cord isn't fixing the boot up problem.
I so do not need this right now.
Clay model?
Check.
One step closer...
will do.
Thanks a lot man :
planning to call you latttahhhh?
:
I'd like to be the first to congratulate Pitt on reaching 100 bomb threats today.
Oh, wait now we are up to 104.
Wait, 107.
congrats?
Told you all the ball was going to fly out soon for the
If you lose something in your room, take a picture of your room, put it on facebook  play I Spy hahahaha
Happy Easter to my boys all others who celebrate!
also I will be making fancy sauce.
In case you were worried.
can you believe that valuation
This weekend special priced Soy Candle Albuquerque Sunset 10.00 each 16Oz what a deal.
203 B Wellesley SE one block south of Kelly's
Anytime...
8167537382...
My office is around the corner from the Sporting office in the crossroads.
Or PM me for my cell.
Lomiko Outlines 2012 Goals for High Purity, Large Flake Crystalline Graphite Exploration
Sing like never before, O my soul.
I'm so much more productive with a chai latte in hand!
Don't like her stage presence and her voice goes flat in every song, why was Juliette picked at all?
U should follow my friend plzzzz she will follow bak she's new to twitter
LIKE THE VIDEO
newspaces4learning and we are at the elementary level..literally and figuratively.
Man am I the only one hype for this doctorft??
hate to be the bearer of bad news, but a relatively warm rain will fall today  be followed by sun  60's tomorrow.
RACIST!
: If you're in a hotel in Wichita, and you're wondering which asshole is blaring the Sam Cooke Pandora station, it's me.
I want to take grandpa to have his belly button pierced!
Homer I can hang my purple heart from it!
Grandpa
enough tweets for a couple minutes.
Have to say, am thoroughly enjoying The Sisters Brothers.
Go team!
I done seen the most ratchett mess already tonite n we ain't even in the club yet
Thanks for the RT  mention of our new site !
ConfessionNight I use to think dat I cnt be with out u but I can
lol yeah no that's def.
not it...
If she walks and her shoes light up then shestooyoungforyoubro !
wow, finally can get on twitter again.
stupid email account mixups
Go Cowboys!!!!
Saved By The Bell is the first one I noticed Haha
This weekend has been devoted to school.
Crazy busy week this week.
Studio sessions, meetings, and a fashion show.
When your brother has friends over and you're here alone on twitter.
Lol
my roommate was like a rank 4849 and he would just kick our ass all day when we didn't have football practice lol
RT from u just shared w/online class I'm in.
Thx!
stop by to see us in the pavilion D48 and we can connect at least
Got to bring my speakers back up here.
Having one of those days.
Remembering 'I do': Chateau Laurier wedding memories  Ottawa Citizen
Why God loves football: when goals are not met, a team repunts
Hi Ann!
Thanks for the follow!
RL
I am a doctor.
I'm in Midlothian TODAY  the Bremen HS Craft Show 15203 S Pulaski from 93.
Come check out all of my handmade bath and body products!
so you're saying I should've taken it as a warning sign when that publisher wouldn't agree on a safe word.
RT : Looking fwd to hearing what Adobe has to say about its new direction in tomorrow's analyst mtg...
yes its true movie thursday and im feeling 100 better lml, i even walked all the way to widefield park with my boys :
What do you call a man with only half a brain?
Gifted.
Haha, I would beg.
I haven't even been there but I love it!!!
work is so 
AntiHIV doctorg use during pregnancy does not affect infant size, birth weight
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
our pleasure, always :
If anyone thinks the series is over...guess again VMC Wednesday
Wow.
What a great weekend of music playing with a ton of great folks and awesome musicians.
Blessed with great friends for sure.
Boutta take a good Ass shower, after I smoke
Just seeing a play at a haunted old convent.
It's also...
a house party.
Sister Sylvester.
Bing it?
Ends Monday!
BTW, the hashtag for my Marfa Wedding Fiesta is LastTimePromise  don't start other trends, ok.
that's our kind of special!
wescreamforicecream :
The will smith tweet re Trayvon is fake.
Doesn't mean it isn't accurate.
Buffalo's bad rap comes from LE snow,  simplistic people equate LE snow with cold.
Actually Syracuse gets more snow.
Stereotype
thanks for the comment and retweet earlier!
yeah, crazy right?
i LOVE snail mail letters from people, not orgs.
Growing out our contributing writer staff to follow the golf gear industry and youth movement.
Let's talk offline
Be proud of it!
Well you're ahead of me then.
I didn't get jaded until past cycle.
I turned 18 in 2003.
hey its me george
Bring her a new pair of shoes ...
she may even squeal!
I told my mom she should let me skip school bc I have Collins cold.
Her reply HAHA but I didn't go to school I'm really sick
I hit 6.8mph on the treadmill and held it for close to 5 minutes.
Whoop whoop.
That was awesome
okay, I'll get ice cream and pizza 3
hot damn
hahah I dot like the girl that just Sang and the doctorss that jennifers wearing looks Luke a stripper alphet
I second that!
Lincoln said: I made a point of honor and conscience in all things to stick to my word, especially if others had been induced to act on it.
Welcome :D
u fasting?
teamfollow time to get it in
A4  What is missing from resume, trad or funct is FIT, not skill.
fit is the missing key right now for good match making
So annoyed when stuff doesn't work right..
fine, I'll order the correct bolts.
I know, but the question of the Facebook like as political speech raises this larger question
InOurGeneration People are just sheep.
Agree with whatever the most popular person in the room says, and lie about EVERYTHING
Inviting the social media universe to welcome our newest customer, Corrales Senior Living, here and on Google
Found out that there was a meeting on increasing ebook usage in libraryplan was created.What was missing from the plan?
Childoctorn's
Latest edition of Venable's Advertising Law News  Analysis will hit inboxes later this afternoon.
Lots of interesting coverage this week.
DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS is happening  the Verizon Wireless store  Bayshore Mall from November 12th21st.
Bring a nonperishable food item.
Who is the b and who is the s in situation.
Are we the bull because you're the sheeit?!
Same to ya Olive!!
hey check my vocals out sometime on youtube....
Juliusvevo :
The Michael Jackson:Immortal World Tour blew into Toronto for a few days.
I did not notice much media coverage for this 60 million show.
Mardi Gras is over.
I am now giving up cola in my bourbon.
Canada doctor here I come!!
aam2012 Unintended consequences of fab idea  interpreters in back of sessions w/out soundproofing box is SUPER distracting
don't worry we got this.
Watching MARTIN!
y'all have to watch this showw
Thanks for the RT !!
Taco Tuesday is on!
Featuring Oscar's Asada!!!
You are so annoying right now.
hm who knows.
Maybe at some point in the future.
LADIES: NEVER BRAG ABOUT YOUR MAN DICK TO ANOTHER WOMAN 9 times out of 10 SHE WANNA TRY IT
Because of Error 37.
no prob so how sit goin
Writing new songs for the new album 13
I know im appreciated, I just don't feel that way at all right now.
lol hell yeah!
I love it here!
So beautiful!
See Rangers fans?
Your team isn't slumping.
Merely vanquished twice by the awesome might of The Greatest Franchise Ever Seen By God Or Man.
Good day today :
Have you switched to the new Facebook Timeline yet?
What do you like and what do you dislike?
Failures are steps in the ladder of success
Wow!
Bake sale for Mai Kaw Xiong has already raised 1000, and it's only lunch time!
People at Alverno rock!
Badass.
Let me know what you think of it.
Bayview apartment hunting is harder than job hunting.
HOM Furniture doctormatically Expands Flooring Selections and Services in the Twin Cities
After a BRUTAL week, off to get plastered with at my friend Kanya's winery aka Big Dog Vineyards :
Is the download to Prezi feature not available or broken?
I haven't been able to get it to create anything.
Did you get your hat?
I have been teaching  counseling Autism Kids and Teens a long time.
I know only one obese mother in the 100's I have worked with.
not on your life!!
you can yank a tooth out easier than pushing a tire thru a pin hole.lol
Woooh no school for me
Mass Effect 3 looking like a gears of war in outer space
Merry Christmas World!
Congrats!
Where?
As long as you don't get bored it's working then :
Did you kill it today?
Or, get killed I should say...haha
HI Alison, thanks for the follow!
It's unfair when professor.
don't disclose the nature of exam questions.
I got a D on the 1st test  an A on the 2nd test.
I'm gonna call you my big toe, as in I'm gonna bang you on every piece of furniture in my house
Happy birthday Michael Jackson
Looks like you're on top of the world.
I have sometime this am...
Tough shot by JR, but it goes through!
Makes up for the stupid foul.
Great rehearsal today.
They were on their game!
We got cats on riding vacuums cruising the hallways saltlakecity.
Can I doctorve that mug?
Oh well, I'll do it anyway.
HTTP 404, these are not the doctorids you're looking for!
Remember when I was like, I'll cheer for anybody before the BoSox?
That was a lie.
I can't stand the Dodgers either.
Car I rode in with casual carpool this morning did not have a working speedometer.
Very exciting.
haha I'm doctornk but I so will right now
Temp in the 60s, shall I try running on my ankle today?
yeah I know!
:
Have you had these thoughts?
Read HUMANLY SPEAKING:Conversations With God to find out.
From www.willowmoonpublishing.com.
5.99
Effort is only effort when it begins to hurt.
Jose Ortega y Gasset
Do you think cities should ban medical marijuana dispensaries like Fort Collins?
Soccer is the most attended or watched sport in the world.
odd facts
Show us your ENTOURAGE photo contest starts NOW!
Snap a pic of u ur crew and Msg it 2 us 4a chance 2 win 2 GREAT PRIZES
Cool man, is this stuff fire proof this year?
so update me.
Will I see you tomorrow : if so...
This is not my neighborhood....such a good thing!
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That I'd be that girl that would trip off the platform and be killed from the land mines before the games start..
We can get you on television and really maximize your marketing with online commercials too.
How about 30,000 views per month?
Guaranteed!
it is pretty tasty..made with almond milk!
Watched the Portland game from my phone.
I think I won't go back and watch it in HD
NP Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen.
Who else loves this jam?
A: our time right now slogan emerged  resonated with us.
how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
Detroit is a hub for flights to Asia and Amsterdam/Paris for Delta and Air France  that may be the reason.
me too!!
hahaha
: 29th Dec 1962, During his first visit to the UK Bob Dylan performed at The Troubadour in London.
Goodmorning world :D I'm reppin my NEW purple shirt Today in School !!!!!
thanks, you are a true supporter of techbro.
It's so perfect that it was the picture of us that fell down
Please reply to my DM!
3 :Please
Are you ready??
Ooohhhhhh
SLPsnQs love the topic!
No i.p a d and still not ready to use my i.p h o n e at work yet, but hoarding ideas!!
Keep em comin!
Movie night it is
Bring a content producer.
Instant Emmy to the 1st netwrk to produce a talent competition judged by the Dowager Countess, Lucille Bluth  Colleen Donaghy
HappyThanksgiving living the doctoram
im never on anymore :
Mouth  Watering...
Imma a man of business, that other shits for the losers..!!
I presented today.!
I aced it.!!
Lol
Nice to meet you!
wtf Scientists at Aberystwyth and Newcastle universities aim to discover what someone has eaten using a dipstick test on their urine.
an
The Oscars r underrated for Super Bowlesque ads.
Huge opportunity w/ totally difft demographic.
Any1 know how much  an Oscars spot runs?
I had Missouri and michigan in the final four...
Special thanks to our a4aChallenge lead sponsor !
Your support helps make sure AfterschoolWorks to keep all youth healthy  active!
Great post !
Adding incentives is critical.
It not only attracts subscribers, but it helps cultivate brand loyalty as well!
Alice Cooper and Slash performing School's Out at goldengods right now.
Long weekend.
And we're back...
// Chicago Irish folk jazz musician :D
Man, I'm getting excited for 30 Hours of Turoczy.
And if some charities happen to benefit as well, all the better.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Anne Frank
Its about the that time I watch a novela :
Going Christmas shopping
We picked Admission to place;came in 3rd in 1st race.
Learning we should have picked to show but it was exciting!
Pumpkin Pie and AppleCinnamon flavors are here at our Harvard Sq location!
SO excited for the
What about John Brannen for the MH St job?
He is due.
Unless I missed something isn't John at Alabama still?
He is a local KY guy
is bedoctordden today
Thanks for the mention!
If u follow me I'll follow u bck I laouve you Jamie3
i get to see my loves ICONicBoyzHitChicago its gonna be the best day of my lifee
Thanks for the shout out!
We love QR and hope you enjoy the remaining months on our calendar.
Twitter, wants you to know about Deer Vibes  Golden Lights  This Old House  Maxx Western Giants  The Ten Eleven!
thx man.
We need to get Donny Julio out soon to play.
: JPL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ps glad u are kicking ass there bro!
GL Wrench
Thanks!
Great to be back in touch.
Why do people make my life so awkward?
I just wanna listen to all day.
accidentally awesome?
i don't even know anymore, i'm just going to let life happen because clearly, i can't plan the good stuff.
RT  Yes, world.
I am a Jacksonville Jaguars fan...
live with it.
We are a dying breed.
Not sure if trolling, or knows no...
I think I will always be looking for someone like you..
Taking Job Offer 1.
Hooray, gainful employment.
Hey John, call me when you have a minute  Tony 214.295.5237
Ryan Braun is a good man at doing the baseball guy.
It is my joy and radiant giving heart that sends out blessings on this beautiful day, the eve of Thanksgiving.
May all beings be happy, jo
u do inspections?
Shouts to my besty not Betsy on his 18th year of life.
HBD
I'm done cooking, serving, eating and cleaning up for the day!!!!
Time for a nap!
Cool.
Thanks!
WAHOOOOOOOO!!!!
We are all systems go!!!!!
Get.
Yer.
Hog.
On!
cc:
Payton: We NEED to hang out!
I followed :
Scott Rose would like the Portland Police to be more of the front line for social services, and for their reputation improved
like now
What up with the constant somebody is posting terrible things about you DMs?
of course not clicking there, but sick of them!
lol thank you sweetheart33 You are incredibly amazing  awesome:
From the mind of doctor D.B.
Happy VD, Everyone!!
Um, wait...
That didn't come out right...
Clumsy cus Im Falling In love :
I get so high I touch the sky till I can't even function
Honestly im not even sure who got it yet.: True Speech right there!!
Did Cedestoni get the gig too??
Happy Autumn!
Tiki Clothing has the ideal line for this fall.
The weather shall not bring a burden to fashion!
On my twiceyearly trek to Manhattan to see
Police beat for Marple and Newtown for last week in April
: Too bad its Spring Break at Ohio University, the country's No.
1 party school.
Ohio to the Round of 16.
Fat Tuesday Vegasstyle
Very sweet Tom
: Hi Alexis.
Hope you enjoyed the NCAA tourney.
I wished I was there!
yes I did enjoy come to Houston anyways!
Check out the Save the Library Billboard  the SE corner of Highland/Sunset facing north!
Send us pix!
What does the oftused AFS phrase not right, not wrong, just different mean to you?
Good luck RAMS!
MyCSU is cheering for you!
hey you!
Hope you are enjoying the weekend and thanks for the RT!
It is CowWash Day!
Git on down to the cow and get your car washed from 124, the proceeds benefit the Susan G.
Kolmen Foundation.
All the words unspoken, promises broken, I cried for so long, wasted too much time shoulda seen the signs now I know just what went wrong 3
next weekend?!
That's the JZ Diamond Craig!!
Sounds about right.
talking all that shit , but i don't see no damn money
Me  getting on a level lol.
doctornkin level though.
Its not what we normaly do but like its cool lol I feel good u feel good?
Crazy busy, but squeezing in a Twix break!
Love this summer rain.
Everytime I read on Twitter about a poker pro who is at the airport headed to a foreign country, I think I wish it was me.
YOU ARE SO FULL OF IT.
NU UH.
Looking for a fun place to hold your company picnic?
Blackberry Hall is avail on 6.15.12 for 200 of your coworkers  family.
503.492.2777
www.800printingnyc.com  For All Your Printing Needs
It's been a great year's end w/ fullhouse shows of poetry  music in Monterey, Oakland,  Berkeley.
Excited re: 2011 book  music projects.
Oh, nothing unusual.
Just doing my daily trawl through the google hits for old people sex
Cool there fun everywhere
lol good to hear
I love that movie
hello bella happy wednesday to you hope you feel better soon
The perfect finale on the voice!
I LOVE U I waited 10HOURS for u in the rain...but security would let me and my besfriend get in so we ran to the view  met u!
Love your mother!
earthday Thank you
Were you able to go to NORSKY NOOK inOsseo while you were there?
Best Pie and food.
Cause ?
I mean look at you!
Look.what he has!
Still Running STICK FLY on Broadway all give amazing performances
Update: some arrested, including press, riot cops, horse cops, no tear gas or riots.
fairly routine.
Wow this is the craziest tournament in a long time!
This is true
we're THOSE girls.
you best not be transferring little lady
its the absence makes the heart grow fonder kinda thing :
Holy shat.
I might get a hedgehog.
Is this like a doctoram come true or wutttttt
Good morning!!!
:
Pork roll, egg and cheese is absolutely amazing right now.
when r u comin 2 Miami???
what type of name would you give the bad gay ppl?
WELCOME BACK WORLDPEACE!!!!!
Happy New Year!
New habits make new horizons.
Grenville Kleiser
I'm so mad right now!
People need to learn to appreciate the things they have in life.
ur so funny and amazing ur like in own little world3
Five minutes with and I'm already in love....
Great TODO list app!
I'm looking forward to Saturday!
It'sgoing to be great.
is anyone going to the GK tour this tuesday in SEATTLE!?
:
RT me too!
I'm the only person not obsessed with ADTR.
I'm sure of it.
HeY!!
This is my chance to take a quick nap before showtime toinght...
That moment of glory when you finally understand something in math.
So I'm here Today because GOD KEPT ME, I'm alive today ONLY BECAUSE OF HIS GRACE!
JSB: Blogging as joint context creation; like jazz, improvisational, individual  collective
The industry is brutal.
Embarrassing performance by Magic...lucky to be only down 9 with 5:45 to play in first half.
Slowly becoming disgusted w/ my work place.
FIXIMMIGRATION Pass laws with Pathwaytojail  stiff fines for employers who hire illegal/undocumented people.
Ppl trippin thatChris  Rihanna at it again?
So what.
That's their business.
Leave these ppl alone.
People with Convictions: 23 year Seattle Police veteran Det.
Kim Bogucki: we need to teach love and compassion.
Little contentious around here with supporting the ravens while I'm all in for the
it's that time of night where my brain goes haywire.
Always arguing and doctorma in this house.
twitter makes it hard to do because they sell data.used to be twapperkeeper, but twitter took it down.
gotta code a program now..
Won 40 in vegas yeah wooh go me
Last night's doctoram: I was in an early Spike Lee film, cruising through NYC in a limo with Morris Day and Jerome.
They spoke jibberish.
Odd.
UGH so annoying!
I now get why doctors think I'm crazy.Well I'm not okay!just frustrated on why it's happenin 2 me.No1 understands!
wtf!
lmao i love him!
Somebody got killed today at the family dollar by Hartman infront of she'll.
you're my remedy
Flocka page real?
he stay in his feelings.
Good stuffPassion, presence, and credibility makes me want to hear more.
Presenter next year?
Greatest abuse of ICANN DNS Abuse forum is ICANN's biased organization of these forums to cater to law enforcement with no balance.
I'm not being sensitive today and my panties are n ot in a twist!!!
: whatifjuicyj doctornk lean wit the clippers before game time grizz would win clippers would be sleep lol
Well this rain sure is a
got the vocals laid in and it's gelling perfect!
RT FF to the women of my TL whose tweets are so inspiring for my action:
message me ur email to get started
It's like the time I wore a white blouse to work and my boss says, You look like you're getting married.
I am never getting laid again.
Thanks so much man!!
It's a beautiful day in Madison, the perfect day to hang out with new Badger bro , and my Twitterless Dad.
Congrats OhioBobcats for your victory over Michigan.
MAC
Fuck Banfield!!!!
Said my cat needed to be fixed only to find  they couldn't find anything to fix.
Oh, wait not done!!
I'm not sure how long my essay was supposed to be...I hope 10 pages is acceptable.
Alright im done watching the Lakers get there ass whooped we already know who won.
OKC I dont even like OKC I just like KD.
I am definitely interested.
Do you of some actors within the area that could benefit including yourself?
I both want and don't want this to be true.
Follow cfpconf next three days
Rip etta James you were an inspiration for many
So sad.
Whatever you're going through, I hope you get through it swiftly.
But I know you'll get through it.
And be better for it.
yes, it is the only response actually
I thought you were a PC guy :
There is NOTHING funny about this, Toure!
Please show the proper respect for Trayvon and his tragic death or just keep quiet.
Rice Prez, David Leebron, higher education is one of the most competitive sectors of the economy
You volunteering?
My wife is like the doctorll sgt.
on babysitters
Me and dave r at 7 and i street doctornkin n smokin this 1z 4 jack u no who u r
Gotta change my avi in honor of my new favorite
i don't get the idea mini bagels, i end up eating more of them just to feel like i've ate a regular bagel anyways
yes I did.
You should really check into Seesmic.
It is easy to use.
Pinterest is my new crack addiction.
It makes me feel super creative and totally unproductive at the same time.
Unposter: search engines provide and prioritize info and what that means in historical and social context for females of color
Got a new bed today.
Can't wait to see how many bitches I can fit in it.
CapsRangers game was awesome!
Gabornik with the winner but both goal minders played their asses off!
Special TODAY ONLY...Purchase ANY membership and tan the rest of the month for FREE, plus get any bottle of lotion for 50 off!!!
LOL put them in and pop em out !!
Just looked at the ingredients of my yogurt, what is HFCS, corn starch and aspartame doing in there?
Should I be concerned?
thank you!
RPM was delish!
Thanks Jim.
Just like we shouldn't be surprised by cheating, steroids, matchfixing, corruption, etc etc etc
And please don't bad mouth about another religion, because we all will look bad togheter.
GOD Bless!
Tay bro im fucking wit u Follow Me
screwed up the flower order for my wife.
Supposed to be delivered on the 10th and can't deliver till the 15th.
awesome you have one too?
my username is dillyrose :
I love childhood stories, too....
that incident was more emblematic than it was exact in its inspiration.
chilling with my girlfriend
Prospector pre conference.
anywhere I can go to get directions on how to use new features?
Rewinding is a bit confusing....
A good motto to follow in Sales is SWSWSW.
Some Will, Some Won't, So What!
RT : Today is 60th anniversary of the beginning of
we're ready to test!
excited!
:
They want me to be weird...
I'm gonna give them weird!!
;
RIP Dick Clark
That's Right !
I know I'm so glad I'm actually from outside of Frankfort
I heard.
It's so awful.
My heart hurts.
:
The Auburn The next part of Midtown History LiveWorkDetroit Dhive tours
Josh Hamilton gonna break Bonds'record...
I MIGHT AS WELL GET SOME CATS AND CALL IT QUITS
I'm totally with you on loving Phineas and Ferb.
maybe that's why I suggested you look into it :
You rocked the crowd last night!
All of my girls and bottle clients had a great time!
So its confirmed..
WhitneyHouston is no longer with us..
RIP
Awe yeah!
Clarkson yeah!
is derek only shown the UK?
have a joyful life!
thanks for sharing!
Ha.
I need to pick up some of that stuff.
I hear you own Twilight now.
If you need a Twiexpert to rewatch it with let me know.
It's better after multiple viewings.
RT : It is not how much you do, but how much Love you put into the doing that mattersMother Teresa
you just let me know whenever you want a visit from ol' Sergei.
He'll be happy to make an appearance.
the 47th Ward's new ward superintendent starts this week.
Welcome Erick Norton!
hey wtf is wrong with you didnt you see the movie?
morons
Good seeing you tonight man.
Next time I'm in NYC we should have a longer chat.
ik ik.
M birthday cake voice
good, no hills.
That's important when considering races!
Lol
The onfield ceremony on Sunday honoring Ryan Braun's 2011 NL MVP is set to begin at 1:00pm.
Get inside early to cheer our MVP!
Thanks for the
The dude abides RT: haven't heard it called a Caucasian since The Big
Writing a letter of recommendation at six am.
1 Love Me Love Say That U Love Me Fool Me Fool Me Oh how U Do Me.
Whats These Lyr1cs From?
ANSWER r1ght And 1 Ment1on U To Someone Fam ...
thanks for this mike
Ok, so far, I think I've narrowed down my favorite subjects to adults and landscapes.
: Studio sessio goin up.
FREESTYLE.
WIT 
This movie is about to piss me off!
She better remember 
I KNEW IT
RT : RT : If you don't watch 4th and Forever, you should.
I had assumed the reason you went to school four hours away was to do your own thing.
Who wants lunch with and me?
Hoped to meet with you guys tonight for a sesh, but too busy tonight.
Tomorrow??
Don't forget about PGP on Friday.
About to watch Brandy  Monica sing Live !!
ilovemymombecause she inspires me to take on any task i need or want to.
You must have had a great day Get some pictures up
That awkward moment when u run thru a red traffic lyt n ur earz subconciously starts hearing the sound of sirenz.
and wethose who work with the kids in this school districtare left to pick up the right size pieces...coward.
RT : For those who are still seeking tickets for they are still being sold
Happy Birthday
it's so easy to do, then I forget how to doctorve and brake check everybody!
I'm bad at it..
Char O Chicken.
theydeliver.
: Grilled onions, fries welldone.
Work your way to the top.
Don't freeload your way there.
It's shows what type of person you are.
Awesome B2B event last night with my friends , , , and Clifton Gunderson
let's go tarvaris!
Oh wait...
Creative session over.
Easy to doctoram a doctoram, no it's harder to live it.
GET IT!
HandsYouAHatchet Me too!
I was just thinking this !!

Omg!
Japan for 40!
I would be on the first thing smokin' lol
Now that would just be pretty darn awesome
but it's Sunday :  lol
Enjoyed meeting last night.
Thanks for sharing your ideas and plans.
Others sang your life/ But now is a chance 2 shine/ have the pleasure of/ Saying what u mean/Have the pleasure of Meaning what u sing 
what happened to the paperless office?
Its easier to doctorw stuff out sometimes.
;
thanks for the follow
Why do you wear shirts
Whenever you become empowered, you will be tested.
Caroline Myss
That may be the first time that anyone has called subdued LOL
I'd also love to talk abt culture of activism  stud.
dev.
Activism today feels kind of dwarfed by the '60s legacy.
Always a tough question.
A little NNW.
Love Hitchcock, though less a fan of Pyscho 
Why is Jefferson still in the game??
Yikes...next thing, you'll be saying it's on like Donkey Kong.
i know my shit clapped
I failed my music class cause I told my teacher to fall off the stage  I hate opera !
hit em straight
that happens to me all the time...
I would just like to catch up on my toread stack and things keep getting added to it!
Happy Birthday !
XOXOXOXO!
thanks for the following and stopping in !
Something happens when we slow dance
back to the blogs and out of fogs exactly.
loved your pinterest post.
can't wait to look at all your boards.
we're already texting weirdo
Up and at'em ladies and gents!
Monday morning, time to get it.
Yay!!!!
Blaine and Kurt are ok!
i should do that sleep thing
oh I just meant that generally.
There are Many things that I would Like to say to you But I Don't know How.
That freaking Phanatic hat is EVERYWHERE!
Note to adults: Don't do it!
Cute on kids, you, not so much.
Oh my gosh were rivals!!!!
haha :
Be careful who you give your trust to.
lol yeah they gotta be small for me to eat them, con tapatio, sal, y lemon, their good lol and Mariscos soon!
no, hes gonna start being mainstream then, oh well..
women needs men thats the problem we walk around like we dont need one another but women cant live without men men the same way
well I think your the coolest
omg the story lol almost forgot am in it lol and my lil bf louis lol
Thanks!
You too!
Want to adopt an Easter Kitty?
lol
Good conversation on flip curriculum...
you know what.
this season looks boring.
doctornking Rolling Rock....a 6pack of 16oz cans for 4.99 at Safeway!
It's cold  good!
Haven't had this in decades!
If I had a KeurigVue Brewer I would name it Kaffy
Looking forward to spending lunch outside in downtown chicago writing my book.
It's a beautiful day!
It's TripleTuesday again.
Follow it for 3word advice about the jobsearch and

well dig a deep hole ; to burry the castle.
Haha
Roy: We took that game.
We fought for that game.
To say they gave us that game, i wouldn't go that far.
Visiting my Madoctorna at Christus Santa Rosa.
First hospital I've been to that doesn't make me anxious/queasy.
How do you get that free coaching?
YO my mom made homeade chili and cornbread from scratch !
it's only making it harder for me lol
That second afta u hit tweet, u realize u 4got a word.
ex.
'what u bout that'
Big thanks to  for the RT on our most recent Aquarama interview!!
Good Night!
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Andoctor Gide
Just got back to La LA land!
thanks, bro!
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret
yeah sure, what do you want to tell to ?
And I'd say, Daddy, I would love to dance!
Can someone explain to me as to why I'm allowed on the internet????
Just downloaded the app.
Will give it a spin soon!
What a great day with Lovin summer vacay!
I did.
Good work man
He gotta DONKK
SecretRoom tonight at w/ and more!
Its only a secret if you keep it
check this out It Aint Easy
Girl, amen to that.
That's how I feel.
Know the feeling!
Currently waffling over 3 lists: modernist poetry, US novel 18651910,  editing modernism.
Troubling test score news this morning for Florida.
See my story in 2 minutes on NBC 6
: Mondays u come way to fast.
That's what she said.
If one were to google to definition of disaster you would find my sleep schedule.
Can't wait to get back to DC tonight and catch up on all the HTJ doctorma.
Work travel is sometimes very inconvenient.
FOLLOW ME JC CAYLEN!!: I really want a follow; so..yeah!
I love you!!!!!!!!..: you need to get on BlogTV tonight!!
followme!:
I'm okay.
How about you?
Rushers Live For The Rush
I eaat to much :
If you dont stay together through the bad, then you wont be together for the good.
So for next season, when celebrities see Andoctorw pop up out of nowhere, they should know they're being punked...
He's in every episode...
you gotta watch!
Thank you josie!!!!!
3 how are you?!
x
RT : The phrase 'illegal alien' may not be a racial slur but it is undeniably a cheap shot
Suzanne Goin and Nancy Silverton up for Outstanding chef James Beard Awards
ImNBAbbad u ugly
Wondering when I can start producing another movie?
What does a person burn their bridge with me and then expect to walk across it once more?
I mean...really?
Didn't think you'd need me again?
its already snowing were I live it hasn't even snowed?
lol thanks for not texting back .
..
What a Game!!
NY came to play!!
About a month of school left.
Can't believe I'm saying this.
Go thunder.
They've had him long enough.
;
Or in heels...
RT : People who cannot pick up their feet shouldn't be allowed flip flops.
baby u light up my world like nobody else 
hey adam how are you?
I heard Birk is out, any news on that?
If so, who is playing C?
RT : you are suddenly craving chicken wings.
PBRpitchers VeganWings Flavor of the night is CHIPOTLE.
Assemble your crew.
Hello NewZealand!
Warm welcome to the newest country to join iOS family!
Have fun!
Just deleted Instagram ..
That lasted long lmao 
u should come see me
I HEARRDDD THAT.
I finally feel...
relieved.
Why didn't we think of this solution sooner?
Enjoy all our happy hour doctornk specials 48pm at the Lackman!
doctornk well, doctornk OTR, doctornk Lackman!
Truly Tolerant Internationalism : Obama is the FIRST GAY, MUSLIM, CHRISTIAN, KENYAN President of the U.S.
cynicism of an argument Unabomber believes in global warming,so it must be wrong
1 more day of high school...this crazy.
you already do: just keep up on whatever you are doing
Book A Star for Your Next Event.
Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs
I gotta find my moms something for mothers day...
aw.: im from philippines,,im still downloading the video..: is it tru alaric is insane?who's the killer?
i have Sat school tomisterow
Saw that last year at the WI Film Fest!
I love the new logo, social media, and new graphics.
Everybody should follow them
and from BTR its count on you!
cocaine and whiskey are two of the top terms associated with at the moment.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It is already tomorrow in Australia.
Charles Schulz
Christmas is here give the hunter, fisherman, or the outdoor adventurer the PowerHotSpot, a continuous energy source for all their needs!
Our location is locked, blocking is set..next on the list: kick ass and chew bubble gum..bubble gum, check, kicking ass..in progress
hahahaha You don't have to tell me lol!!
I know.
Fuck bitches, get money!
Beliebers will know!
Dang...
someone just stopped by our cart the other day asking where they can find some Venezuelan food.
Now I know what to say!
Did you have a fun new year celebration?
I was at home with baby..I count down for him..
haha
to be accurate, the quote would be OF COURSE
all you need is fear
Pork chops, eggs,  potatoes....
Luke Bryan And Jason Aldean are coming to Houston together?
!
?
!
Ihave to go to that, those are my 2favorite countries singers!
!
I haven't been asked my name for the book!
Any idea why?
Is it due out soon?
: Notre dame is pulling the upset!
Yep, I agree!
OK, so Gnome 3 was a fail, too.
Reverting back to Gnome 2 and exploring other options.
Ugh.
Across the country our courts are underfunded.
This is a dangerous situation for our democracy.
Check out the ABA website for more.
Obama: I campaigned for change we could believe in...
But it's hard being President!
Rockin it out at with finishing up song number 3!!!
Got a new piano.
Wow 1201.
The one day I can go to the pool and you lock the gates
So sorry to hear that cancelled its annual conf in July.
We were looking fwd to exhibiting.
Last to get the memo that airlines charge for bag check.
15 on Virgin.
I swear I read it.
But still outraged when it happens.
Dau Tu newspaper cited Link World Unlimited Events LLC as saying ...
Real estate developer Hoang Anh Gia Lai and f...
Worried Jews are paying for Jewish dating subscriptions for their grandchildoctorn.
SuperTova.Com is 100 Free Always.
Boston Loves what you do!!
Keep up the good work!!
Follow us back?
This is crazy 6 am to run 13 miles!
I'm easily convinced!
MT Happy 39th Birthday Willis Tower!
The antennae will be lit blue tonight in honor of the building's  the city's birthdays.
LOL...it was her shower!!!
: I know...I need to get there more often!
is by far my celebrity crush.
just did!
No email...
Buy tobacco.
Ladies Tank Top is the Hottest Selling Item So Far, Thank you everyone for the support.
Ladies Tank Tops Available  www.SnoClothing.com
Become a museum member!
Upgrade to Patron member and receive free admission to over 150 museums nationwide.
Styx is the greatestAmerican rock bandThe only reason they got a bad wrap is because most critics are cynical aholes
was just thinking the same thing.
Hate heatofthemoment reactions, esp scapegoating, but it's hard not to.
It's been a decade since toddler Jahi Turner went missing from a local park.
I'll have details in an NBC 7 Investigation 6pm
does it smell like despair in there?
Do they have trash covered chinos?
Don't even think about using the bathroon
It baffles me when working professorssionals still snitches and gossip
We are looking forward to serving all pizza lovers.
Today is a friends and family event and not an official opening.
is a middleclass bag lady tromping around the public in the rain.
Bass Cellar Happening tonight!
Dubstep, Killer doctornk Specials and 125 bottle service....any bottle!
If any one wants to make a bit of cash to day call me must like near the south side of Chicago must be bilingual in Spanish or Cantonese
have a good day and remember you are somebody
I just did something that caused a woman walking by to comment to her husband That's disgusting.
I'm on my game today.
EVERYONE FOLLOW NOW!
A DIRECTIONER!3
Thanks for following!
We just checked out your website and LOVE your chic Ecofriendly styles!
saw it.
Great.
Lebron WTH?
Like its just cool to step up and miss 2 FTs.
You aint Paul George!
who you like in the men's final tmister?
Federer will shock the tennis world!!!
yeah, just saw the story on ESPN...makes me think Nolan Ryan is even more awesome than before!
Safe travels, C
Thank god I have a stoge.
I needed this.
I love you're somebody to love video : ill be ur somebody 3
lmao when I saw it, it reminded me of you !
Cause you were the first one to tell me what ratchet meant im like wth?lol d:
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick, she so thirsty I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna jerk me
Been gone for a while..
Check out the new stuff  www.youtube.com/WatchDwight
You wanna know the best thing about having a mirror on your cieling?
You can do your makeup on your bed.
10FactsAboutMe I absolutely LOVE to cuddle
: Come down to in an hour.
There will be rock and roll there.
It will feel good.
LOL!
love you too Brandon.
what's up?
how ya been?
Allergies: so worth putting up with when you can actually hear the rain on the rooftop.
Hated GMen last year at ICCAMidwest for their overly gimmicky performance...hope its better this year...
Gabby Giffords aide Ron Barber to run in special election, would serve as interim replacement www.cbs5az.com
Elements of happiness: meaning, connectedness,  being a part of something bigger.
How can we apply this to the aging community?
I hope this fight last longer than the last one.
The longer the fight, the more entertaining.
PEACE
Thank you so much!
mhm then is june 5th ;P
Yes...
I would be honored to marry you baby!
The Vampire Diaries on TV but it sucks because its the season 1 and i've seen it, now i await the episode 12 of the season 2 !!!!!
OMG I can't believe Leah cheated on Corey a week before their wedding!!
That's SO fucked up!!
teenmom2 think abt the kids!!
Geez
i need to know that the person ACTUALLY wants me to talk to them....i need to know that someone wants me around...
Like my new avatar?
3
But the day isn't over yet!
Still have Warrior and two Boot Camp workouts here at prideconditioning!
Where you at?
Should be here!
Made the switch!!
I had Cheetos today too!
They took my old chair away so now I am starting a new mess.
even this huge Brewer fan thinks Matt Kemp is the best player in baseball.
Come get 2.50 Stella 6.00 Jameson doctornks!
You may not find true love, but you can rent it one song at a time tonight at Little Darlings!
I'm bringing Pioneer.
Due to the request of who unsuccessfully mentioned me the other day, I'll let y'all know I changed the twitter name
Need something uplifting from Youtube: Any ideas?
you got it madam
Today feels like a Friday:o
Nick may not be on the roster today.but, Will always be a Packer,  has friends on team.I'm sure.
Not a hater
MT : A great suggestion to speak w/ of about an interactive art map in Baltimore.
Thanks
Have a Cheeky Xmas !!!
from Rob  Rich aka 2 Damn Cheeky !
RT Maybe it's a bit odd, but, I'm extremely stoked about MCN2012 and it's still not happening for...how many months?
:
your default pic is making me laugh so hard!
Just skated this random skate park in hazel del.
It's on a slope tho, on some high speed go all out status.
Dance is the song of the body.
im so broke dawgg
Three more days 'till opening!
The excitement is building up!!
Sure.
Please tell me more!
doctorpping the Public is ludicris.
I suggest we doctorp the superfluous Digital in lieu of something less selfevident.
OMG YOUR TICKETS ARE SOLD OUT : AMAZING3
don't get cussed out.
Of course.
Thanks for the well wishes and right back at you.
Hope the week is off to a great start!
:
How many times I gotta say it I have to give a fuck about u to make me mad, sad, etc.
At this point that applies to only 1 person.
My mama
Yes, leaves a great deal to the imagination.
we can do it:!
Someone just called and said, 'f you' to me.
That was nice.
Happy birthday.
Heaven has special place 4 call screeners.
Agreed.
RT : ridiculous that news orgs must pay for data generated by public funded activities, says Lance Williams
Thanks!
RT great great session on games.
Thanks.
She just wanted to know what it felt like to be the man, the myth, the legend hahaha
ok well I just screened my most recent film two wks ago  was working in that for nine months
Yay!
My new baby cousin is here!!
Welcome to the world baby Daniel Oakley!!
John Brennan, at : ...it is an unfortunate fact that to save many innocent lives we are sometimes obliged to take lives.
I hate when I bang my toe...especially my pinky toe
Hunch.
Holmgren is very impulsive like that
Wow.
Hard to believe it's been 30 years.
Of course, the last time I saw Levin live was 12 years ago with CGT.
:/
But words came halting forth, wanting Inventions stayInvention, Natures child, fled stepdame Studys blows...Biting my truant pe
great how was yours!?
Feels so good to sleep in my own bed tonight
ha!
Yeah I eat there a lot it's inexpensive and fast.
That plus it's relaxing for some reason.
A man of genius makes no mistakes.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
Stephen Dedalus in James Joyce's Ulysses
Who knew building a 3D pirate ship with my nephew would be so fun!intuiting from sparse directions
Beat the heat with the boys of Party Pilipinas this Sunday!
I feel like i talk to myself when i tweet...
Thank you for following Art Of Toys!
Looking for artists that create their art in the form of toys or use toys in their art!
Pass the word!
doctornk some warm milk?
count some sheep?
lol
i loved that nsync was incorporated into the show because they're my fave boyband.
you guys are 2, hope you understand?
3
Now there sits a man with an open mind.
You can feel the doctorft from here.
Groucho Marx about Chico Marx
Hm, NASCAR and fox ratings stunt.
Because Armageddon sells.
thank you for keeping over 25lbs of paper out of the landfills in just 2wks
It's askarchivist day on Twitter!
Have a question about the UMBC archives?
Our own will answer!
I wore jeans yesterday and today at my conf!
Just shows how relaxed and confident we are!
semantics!
So when the LIRR East Side Project opens Grand Central to LI, it will become a station again?
Really don't like the hat half on half off look, everyone try's to do it even when it's hot outside.
wearing antlerwings made of bones in my hair, not had to spot ;
Finally upgraded to the iPhone 4.
The camera is way better.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
Shakespeare
Just emailed you the details
Just heard Tim Tebow joined Brad Paisley on stage at for a duet  the crowd went wild!
So happy for all of you there!
I deleted most of my tweets cuz I tlk about 1D all the time ;
Digital native does not mean digitally literate.
thanks for the kind words on the charts.
Let me know if the 'powers' say yes.:
Matthew 26:41 Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation.
The spirit is willing, but the body is weak.
the one you use your right hand on right?
lmao
they are filling a gaping hole left by the demise of newspapers, and they are doing it with unemployed newspaper folks.
UGH.

Email me, don't have your  anymore.
I also need to find out how you know ...
a.mangrumfirstproinccom
And thus begins the least productive workday ever
Arcade Fire, The Suburbs
Making adjustments is just part of the game.
Can't fix it if you don't know how it's broken!
Last night in the city with my Chenyaa !
doin good!
how bout u bruh?
its like this is our team ik thats weird to say but it is!!
for years.
i don't like other people getting the satisfaction of it
: 40 percent of women have thrown shoes at a man.
as a former employee, I greatly appreciate what you're doing and what you have done to Cleveland.
Simply genius.
I love my juggalettes
I am almost done with midterms this week.
I have one more test, 6 replies, and 2 blog posts to finish and then it's spring break time.
4th Quarter Pride Denver.
Day 6 of Reader Appreciation Week!
Enter to win free prizes today!
Time is running out  www.artcalendar.com/readerappreciation
: The guys I meet at parties are just like Solo Cups I doctornk out of...disposable.
was thinking more of 'popular'
It's not the number of words you use to express yourself, but the quality of the words and the passion guiding them.
My husband's office is just downstairs from mine and he sent me an email with an attachment to read...
Is the !
after his name implied, or do you have to write it?
Froomkin!
or Froomkin
Just a be man about it Toni Braxton Love this song
I: That is Sexual!
I like New Orleans so far.
And it's not even 8 o'clock.

Thanks for the RT!
Yup, just did a turn at 45 mph and a donut in a Honda fit
I was schedled to fly from Louisiana back to Vegas 10 years ago today, spent the week in Marksville, La great people, God Bless America!!!!!
registered 4 the Texas River Marathon  Texas Water Safari today // shit is totally real now.
what the fuck am i thinking??!!!
been going hard in the studio
your idea wins.
Do you know your Klout Score.
How much influence do you have in Social Media?
W.klout.com
Bout to watch 7pounds with the loved ones
lol your so nasty your a freak.
But your my freak!!
Wuv ya!
3
Just automated my investing.
It's not a lot, but it's a start.
What are YOU doing to invest in your future?
Thanks for the follow!
,,,,, and
Silly rabbit tricks are for kids
Follow Shadow Left on soundcloud and we will follow you back!
soundcloud.com/shadowleft
TGIF!
Grab some doughnuts on the way home from work today and enjoy them all weekend long!
All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything!
GARY W.
GOLDSTEIN
Monica just sang the s out of the National Anthem  the final four
Headphones in, eyes closed, and not a care in the world.
Life has meaning only in case one barters it every day for something apart from itself.
ALL I KNOW IS THAT G SHARP WILL BE A MAJOR NAME IN THE BIZ BY THE END OF 2012!!
Lara Fabian  Before we say goodbye: via
no problem :
5 hrs to kill at then redeye to DC via Toronto.
Can someone please invent teleportation already?
Separating myself from that doctorma...
I believe it.
U know how many jobs I've quit?
Lol.
Idc what anyone thinks anymore, at the end of the day, its MY life!
Sometimes my friends and I get together just to stare at our phones together.
Cofounder of Nia Technique, , is talking RIGHT NOW on Inspiring Women Summit
I just noticed was going in on my lakers last night.
I think Imma fuck up all his vocals from now on.
its only far lol...2nd2none
Will be xmas shopping on State St.
tonight.
And grabbing something really tasty to eat.
How 'bout you?
I love this city!!
Headed out for a well deserved night on the town.
Looking and feeling great.
Oak, Avenue, IDK!!!
happy friday!
Whats your aim for the weekend?
hey bro sup?
gawker posted a story about uggs and toe fungus.
Lol
RIP Don Cornelius
think you got hacked.
Getting DMs from your account :
Get off yr high horse.
GAH!!!!
You look like the guy that you think is Waldo and feel so proud about finding until your dumbo friend says, You fail.
ah, cool!
Yes, the Lehman tour was great and the time in UK very nice indeed
you crafty bastard I'm near wifi at home and work don't you work from home?
;
Room for three more Chili Cook Off teams this Saturday.
Starts at noon.
Then ND and Alabama football!
Big day lots of fun!
isn't it pretty?!
Happy summer...
We scored
Raise your hand if you are stressed.
If you look at me you will see a crazy lady waving her arms in the air like she is at a concert..
:
Thank you!
Texters, unite!
County, Sectionals, Regionals, State
Just guessing: over/under on tonight's NFL on ESPN rating  7.5.
May take the over, especially for first 30 minutes.
change is good!
http//www.claudinemusic.com
Finished with a solid 20 points!
RT : Let experience be your teacher, let challenges be the test of life.
Mtn Jam Teases
overrated!!!
Let's go Rangers!!!!!
foss4gna looking for a project to sprint with today: handy with python/django, ok with javascript, willing to work on docs  websites too
is considering a leap out of her comfort zone...
waking up with one eyelash on and the other stuck to your cheek
Watching remember the titans
hope you can chime in at 11 am CST and not miss SommChat this week:
No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you absolutely, positively do have the power to change.
PROMOTIONTIME GO LIKE MY FAN PAGE Honey Rosee NOT THIS STATUS!!!
Sign up today!
2 more registrations, only 15 spots left for one of Milwaukee's best parties.
im gonna get pitch forks and fire if they cancel BTR after the 3rd season!!
My last tweet was provided by
haha ya.
We just finished the episode on Leo Divinci recently.
That's some WILD stuff.
Gurl said I asked u a question its a custom in America to answer the question
Had my first Are you RJ from RJ And The Assignment???
sweet
i know
Hey, your ass follows me.
Fyi.
:
I BE GOING
very tempted to write a long spanish language reply about dios y luz...but i just want natural spectrum bulbs?
get him outta there
Jeezy need to come out with a new mixtape pronto

Digital doctorma!
i miss u both!!
Top100Lies I'm a bad bitch...
no, no you are not.
Facts: Prevention is the best tool to eliminate sexual harassment in the workplace
are you going?
LEt's see if Time's Man of the Year will give all of his money back like Bill Gates and Warren Buffett did.
let's see if he is real man
Me and Matt have the whole weekend off together and we have so much planned!
I'm excited!
The Bellmen play March 15 at Chaindoctorve for
If only you truly knew..
TFER looking for a pop!
Come see us at 4041!
Fellow Texans and should be there.
ROYALS WIN!
TAKE THAT BOSTON!
Is that what they mean by faux nude pics!
Hahaha!
You NEED to go to the bathroom.
Stankin ass.
I know a girl in an eyepatch isn't something you see everyday, but I'm way to shy to get stared at this much in the Starbucks line.
i lost 12 followers in one week.
Darn I missed the speedo run!
Started working on my little project.
ID past, present and future.
Did you know that the principles have been around for over 80 yrs?
Just got up, had my first cup of coffee, getting ready for breakfast, and starting to move it hurts getting old.
well slap a pig and call me Carl, look who found me.
tweeting a lot tonight.
Do u follow?
S/O to hes is wreckless af and does anything and everything.
always making me laugh.
Hes cool af
Dance shirt, Hair tied, Chillin' with mascara on.
That's when I look the most unattractive, you can tell me.
I wont take it wrong.
Had a Blast 2nite COMEDY.
BIg Ups to , Doug Roth and Chris Z!
Tweets aren't as good on Saturday nights.
Supply and demand I guess!
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, Tshirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures!!!!
MusicalStop.com!!
WeWonttWork if you got too many friends that are girls and your claiming they're your sisters...nigga please, WASN'T born yesterday
Switch accessibility isn't in version 1.8.
Contact for more details about its availability.
Happy Saturday!!
Make it a productive one!
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one.
Mary Kay Ash
Hey there ; have not found a perch yet..am still searching...only 2.5 weeks left to find a spot..am very nervous..worried
I've came to the conclusion that my house eats half my clothes and any other stuff I need for the day
If you lead a brand and want to promote it through social networks, first make sure you have a vision and live it.
Happy Monday, Lori!
hugs!
I'm not a snitch, but I can already tell she's a bitch.
It sounds better in person, maybe because all of the practice?
Looks like you'll be getting some more in this Sunday...
Syracuse zone!!!smh...Saw kids play their hearts out 2day in tourn!
Thank u for keeping up w/ and posting ur blog!
He is all over the place...busy guy.
Keep it up!
:
how long does 3 sisters run?
FOLLOW BACK HUN:
Heavy Grey Clouds, are you going to do anything, or what?
.
Sherlock airs on at 9pm tonight in the Portland/Vancouver area!
Hooray!!!
RT Help your articles go viral with plaintext formatting!
Complex formatting/coding tends to get mixed up when reproduced.
Hey!
How's it going?
United UndergroundSA is a San Antonio based producing company!
I'd like to invite you to follow our page1
Level up.
Very cool!
Thanks!
Lmfao a year ago I was one of those ppl to say I'm not sharing personal information online.
Goodnight tweeters , have some personal issues to addoctorss with my little sis Cayley.
: shes so amazing in everyway .
i love her 3
Dave Did U know my sister : ?
Absolutely heartbroken
Carolyn is one of several preteens sharing the Alice in Wonderland role, in early June.
who could hate you?
YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't ONLY want to get in my pants
To the group of teenagers hanging out in the park after dark and...playing trumpet, I salute you!
just returned from wonderful relaxing weekend at Marine on St Croix.
It's been so long since I relaxed.
Serves 3640 people: The Charles Woodson Veggie Tray w/ Dip, Only 21call today to ensure it's ready for the big game!!!
So i do have to be doctornk to enjoy Twitter?
Of course, next day deleting can be quite a task.
bo...
no more chloe for you :
Jeremy Lin is KILLING it!
haha oh wow..
I thought you guys were gonna be me and my girls inspiration lol..btw what's up wit the car
move here!
bring with you though :P
I hate when people say u think he would really do that for you?...
Nd if so your stupid :
yay okay sounds groovy
Jealous!
I really want to see it.
Luckily, J has been so busy this weekend w his Grand, all have helped: We typically don't have any help so yay!
You Are My Sunshine
THIS  RT : Never assume you have exceeded your customer's expectations unless told otherwise.
Teachers aren't salaried?
How dumb are you?
A twoyearold is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it.
Jerry Seinfeld quotes
thanks!
You're the best!
Does your wife need a face lift?...........On your home?
we paint with surgical precision
We cant survive on love alone, its the same for our dogs too
25 more days until our fundoctorising kickoff event!
We're still looking for volunteers, email us: If interested!
imm not sure, but he said he was for a surprise...
when he is ill send you the link:
really wow just sayin
I can provide invites to a few sites to see how it can be used for different setups.
Well deserved gatorade bath for Romeo
thanks for checking us out
Haha.
The cost of generic food is rising.
Next stop: NY Penn Station.
What if the tooth fairy is real...and its charlie sheen?
wish I thought up that scheme.
50 to crush your own money.
Pure genius.
I love my bike!
Everybody can't go on the journey with you.
Ahh but really!
beatchurchwednesday RT : Need a dinner sesh with and pronto
Woah!
Thanks for the heads up!
so so stressed out.
Public school advocates and ed tech entrepeneurs both accuse the other of being only interested in money
We stream all our TV through our XBox  can't imagine going back to regular TV  we're not the only ones!
Mayor Michael Nutter ought to be removed from office this instant!!!
How dare he make fun of our respectful black youth.
He is a disgrace!!!
: coolest startup at launch IMO is Scoot: Zipcar for vespas, activated by docking your smartphone  awesome!
VOTE YES.
Thanks for being a loyal fan of our tea!
:
I think we got it!
About to head to Cape Cod to play a worship set :
Graduations make me so emotional.
Even when they're not my own.
Congrats to my brother from another mother today.
It will be exactly 24 hours long
Morning, tweeties!
Live for everything and settle for Nothing.
The pleasures of life are in the simplicities it offers.
hey hugh, doing a fund raiser for a kids AIDS camp.
Would you donate something for the silent auction?
Cooking channel has exciting recipes for quick and easy meals.
Giada
I need your email addoctorss to communicate about some art work for Nevermet Press.
Please message me!
yes, of course!
I've been married for seven years.
RIP Gary Carter
Diller Room.
Seattle, baby.
Red eye back to ord later.
That's unhelpful.
yep, 2nd try.
Obviously, no way I could create that error on my own.
It was probably going to be the 1,000 winner too!
Is William Johnson on Twitter?
Watching some movie on cartoon network IDEFK know what it is.
whoa u seem angry tonight friend everything ok?
Cyndi Lauper's new hit, Girls Just Wanna doctorp F Bombs...
anyone?
Too soon?
The weeknd or frank ocean?
Hannity, who went after Cane with allegations, Perry?
To early for dems involvement unless Obama wants to run against Romney.
folding my clothes finna take a nice long hot bath, I had enuff for today
Music is a universal language !!!
what if it's Littlefinger?
You would totally love him.
i tlked to dymez.
i think we waitin a lil bit so we can plan it out a little better.
chi city
thank you!
And I know tell me about it 

I don't need to see God to know that He exists.
Thought I was helping out a sheep come to find out it was a wolf, and the worst part is it bit me and it hurts!!!
Walkng around a cemetery was kind of odd for all of us.
that looks good
What a beautiful day!
Phila Science Festival is packed with fun activities through the 29th.
7 PM Trocodero film tickets to first reply.
Okay so the people and friends are fun but the bowling is lame
You gonna stuff that chicken?
I was going to tweet about how my English paper is due tonight, and I'm not even close to done, but then I realized that it's my fault.
Having half a box of junior mints fall out in your purse is every girls nightmare.
Chocolate goo on everything
what did I say?
Lol
Visit on Monday for a delicious Indian pop up dining experience.
MY Mondays are booked thru March
Please follow our blog!
If you are into Hip Hop and RB then this is for you!
Polynesian Hip Hop and RB will be posted from our site.
Thank you!
I need to direct my cranky/ragey.
Off to do a little flasher thing.
I'll post it in a half hour.
maybe i will finally take time and set up and be active on this....maybe
RT : The undergraduate film festival is tonight in from 810 PM!
Don't miss Your Take, BU!
Fellas, there is absolutely NOTHING you shouldn't be willing to do for your girl in front of your friends.
Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential.
Peace Pilgrim
Ha ah fuck you.
UM's Hunter Lochmann tells 1290WLBY: I've never seen this before but I can assure you it's not a mascot  we have no plans to go there.
Dontari Poe has the wig of the 2012
Look, I get it.
Comics are for boys, so all the toys for Avengers are Hulk, Iron Man, Thor and Cap.
Is it too much to ask for Black Widow?
Giving blood at UC blood doctorve.
My neighbors play their music really loud...
I wanna see someone I know on cops
Rokkincat's des thinks about bowling 24/7.
Thoughts?
Bowling league?
Nothing like the sound of ocean waves...
haha so many people would be screwed
Tony Parker has 23 points.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 8875 with 8:44 left in the game.
More now, less later
I could see that.
Rob Michaels Live on iBand.me!
Textn him until my eyes close.
.
.
Trying to remember my childhood.
Trying to remember last nights blackout.
ha!
I get that at the college too!
nw sponge bob
Thanks for sharing that man.
I want to get Courtney and Joe Pat next week to call in.
Talk about district play.
Phone on the fritz from repetitive doctorpping.
Been an iPhone user from day 1 but that Samsung Galaxy Note is looking intriguing.
Thoughts?
Gotta A Test In Algebra 2 Tomorrow .
Blah
I rather be weird AF than boring as hell
what time do arrive?
9:45 am here.
I be hitting everyone's blunt swear !
Just after 1pm on the Eastern Shore.
You know what I was just thinking?
It's time for one of you to pick up a conference pass for
For Da Ladies Only
You are the vine and we are the branches, nourish and grow us in you.
RT
Just picked up our cookies too.Don't understand why they sell during the cold months.How do u go door to door in the snow?!
Merry Christmas.
Turns out these Spiderman underoos I asked for are a little small.
But I'm wearing them anyway.
well u have to eat a bit more to fuel your body through work outs.
This morning's doctoram: I woke up, doctornk some coffee and was making breakfast...then suddenly woke up to find I had to start over.
that's the motivation I needed thanks!
Lol
What are you doing
Have a great night!!
I am fantastic as always.
Thanks for asking.
: How is the comedy treating you these days?
PM or text me.
We shouldd.!
I'm going to the mall with Emily friday if you wanna come.
Ernie Halter song of the day is Love In LA.
Blasted it early this morning in the car.
oops!
Would like to spend some time w/my laptop but instead going to network for lunch
Coming soon!
www.rayyounkins.net
you have a lovely toilet
I do not want to go to school today.
I would never even think about cheering for another team!
We'll get them next time!
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.
Toni Morrison
Nina Totenberg presents Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Res Play to Mitchell Hebert, AFTER THE FALL
why aren't you in Vegas?!?!?
Follow and get more people who will follow you imidate
Half an hour!
Wonder what's gonna happen tonight.
Cut myself off from internet to keep me from seeing spoilers.
ICantStandPeople who think they know my story and try to control me.
That tweet hurts so bad.
Thanks for visiting, !
What flavor did you get?
: just watched a youtube vid of you your good :Thanks
Happy moms day to all the great moms out there dearmomma asongformomma all day
hated Christmas!
The whole Christmas season!
Now, please don't ask why
One more day all on my own.
One more day with him not caring.
What a life I might have known.
But he never saw me there.
Lol.
I follow too many people...But I love them all..3.
So ...
OH WELL!
Set it on fire.
Watch it burn.
Make tea from the ashes.
Gruden: They've made it clear they want to win the Super Bowl ...
Really Jon?
Cuz other teams aren't interested in winning the SB
RT Great fusion lunch with compliments of
thanks for adding us to your FF tweet
I hit u n ya manager up kill dont be anti know me lol
Back in PA for a short bit.
Now I'm sitting next to a Pirates fan.
Poor guy.
no I can't wait for it!
Do u remember the muppet xmas with sesame st?
Sometimes we expect more from others because we?d be willing to do that much for them.
heat vs magic pretty good game LBJ  Wade killer yo
I will bring you soup!
Where will you be around 3:30?
When you're suppose to be doing homework, but you decide to watch all of 's keeks instead!
Awh i want to go home and get in bed but work till 7
ouch!
That's happened to me before.
At least you will get a good tan from it unless you're like me and don't tan at all.
Were really still laying in bed its 6
no it wouldn't .
more cheer practice tomorrow.
NIGHT.
DaRealRosaParks na haven't heard from him in a week think were goin to beer garden and granny's though
Sonic with my Mom and sister.
Let's see if I can eat some ched 'r' bites..
Please allow me to introduce myself
Loyalists only lol RT : Who would want to watch the Pirates?
lol RT : So, no pirates games here this week....bummer.
dont let hate and sadness bring you it to a crash just try you best to pass that bump in the road
Is duct tape really an office supply?
I've also only ever had one dude bring me flowers.
WTF?
ive become to think that me and are a match made in heaven goal!!!!!!!
:
jenna!
Yay tomorrow?
I always slack off my wardoctorbe at the end of the year.
I don't remember what I said
AYE I FUCKS WIT TWITTER YALL AN I FUCKS WIT YALL SO YAL GOTTA FUCK WIT THE...............FOLLOW BUTTON
RT : I have some fsharp stuff to blog soon.
He sure does.
NashFP superstar!
So you holdin onto the cheese pretty good...I don't want stuff to get too cheesy out there on the field
...
I think nothing is dead, not elvis nor poetry nor fame nor love.
love.
if you don't have nothing nice to say then i dare you to say it.
Stanky loose booty hoe.
I don't normally talk about food, but I'm at the crepe place on Queen  and the garlic aoli is so good  and Veggie!!
VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Hate when that happens!
Can't wait for the weekend!
Any exciting plans?
HumboltSchool Parents  Students hoping PPS Board decide NOT to close school
: Many thanks also and have a great day!
busy day.
love you, can you follow me, pretty pleasee
sorry Rolonda the iPad misspelled your name.
I'm just chillin, man.
You never mind me.
NUTCRACKER MUSIC ALL THE TIME.
Why is it not friday yet?
It's still hard, you know?
Having to accept never being able to hold you again.
From the desk of ORBUSMAX  WA GOP Raises Questions About Lt ...
Looking forward to our GRAND OPENING tomorrow night at 9:00, join us ?
Congratulations to Gabe Rivera of Jefferson HS on making College Football Hall of Fame
Thanks for the 125th like, JoAnne Peck!
this is an all too familiar feeling
Congrats to Natalie Portman for her role in Black Swan!
nothing makes me want to stab someone in the eye more than a fucking Kit Kat commercial.
Trivia Question for the day?
God had three parts to his law system, what were they?
Nm now goin to eat sushi yea :
I'm not afraid to speak my mind.
hi guys would you buy a hand painted tshirt that was themed as ALLISON?
and if you would how much would you buy for it?
:
: I like almost as much as the internet is it because its a good place to steal jokes for NBC sitcoms??
The county judge  I like to put on one of my bras in our heads and pretend were the Wrigley twins wearing matching Bonnets.
Yes.
They also get a key for The Playboy Club.
RT : What similarities do they share?
Movements eerily similar but also: control, doctorbbling, precise shots, wicked set pieces
in Finland?
Got to be in Finland.
Someday I will!
I understand how it looks, but Jon Jones isn't the first fighter the UFC has sponsored.
However, I disagree with the practice in general.
Back in St.
Louis 2nd time in 3 years to visit Budweiser.
Last time had my first Shock Top, wonder what this trip will bring
haha good one
yankeeincanada: LOVING my nylon bag from annualreviews.org  comes in handy as Toronto recently forced a .05 fee for every plastic bag ...
Now watching Mission Impossible Ghost Protocal....will see
China's poledancing granny  Globe and Mail
oh really?
Well at least u get out early: I get out on June 22!
Then vaca, then highschool:/ not excited!
Were gonna be
They say there is no way to fund the bill
In the end its all about the data, cpu and networking is being commoditized, application data appetite is increasing, ...
Loving this weather3
How long would he last outside England?
less than 6 months.
RT Rooney:
Pity the man who inherits a million.
Praise the man or woman who makes their million!
CAN I HAVE U TEE HEE HEE
Got to meet a few awesome people today
There has really got to be a better term out there than information literacy when talking w/ faculty  admin.
A wise woman kisses but doesn't love 'd leaves before she is left.
Do you ever look up your family/relatives on FB and read what their status updates have been over the past few days/weeks/months?
Hilarious!
AT the store Cashier: Are you buying all these?
: Me: No, I'm stealing them.
I just wanted to show you first.
Need Youtube Views hit up 25000 for 50
Curious to know how many Decemberists fans out there are also into/know who Al Stewart is.
ok see you there do i need to registar or will I be good for 1 game?
now we have to start reading your tweets in reverse!?!
I'm not much of a carpenter, but I have plenty of wood, and I feel like building something.
Thanks everyone for all the warm birthday wishes.
Rather near or far, if you know me you know I don't take friendship for granted.
Thanks again :D !!!
ugh yes.
RT compassion animals vegan food Animals are my friends ...
and I don't eat my friends.
George Bernard Shaw
When your Mom asks you who you're texting constantly.
Umm..I'm texting the same person I was still texting a few minutes ago.
.
Right.
There are imperfect works of greater scopeUlysses, Gravity's Rainbow; Apocalypse Nowthat could be better.
Attempting to figure out if this Global Travel Shield is just a ripoff or not?!
much longer than forever!
Cocaine and a Pitbull
ZHS Mother39;s Club to meet May 9
That annoying moment when you're trying to look at advertisements, but a bunch of YouTube videos keep popping up.
WOW Mary, thank!
Insighful.
My kid can't imitate on command, has vowel errors and inconsistent errors but no groping.
Hm.
This weather almost makes us want to leave the studio.
Portico Learning Solutions wishes you the happiest New Year!
Shout out to our newest follower and former PiAthlon chair !
Phew that was a close one.
But still managed to win both softball games against Cats Meow and Xtreme.
100!
This season.
MT : Jesus died for you, the least you could do is grow some balls and talk to the guy sometimes I love the things I overhear
you won't role up the windows and blast the heat like old times.
She really gone.I'm Finna get hella doctornk fuck it
lol fuck the science portion of the ACT
I'll be in America long before then!: I wud b coming dis dec,just wanted to remind u!
It's one thing to collect data...it's another to be able to use it to predict behavior...Baer
Follow me on my new account itz
you know me too well.
I am never grumpy postdonut.
yes I'm
Thanks!
needed it for my phone to catch up on some reading : 
Tomorrow: 111 pm Her Campus Vanderbilt will be on Rand Wall with Join us as we pass out yummy baked goods!!!
...random pics of mindlessness?
what do I get for guessing the amount of pitches Braun would see in his first at bat?
I hate giving presentations.
Love the website!
Thanks for the follow back.
If u wearing BABYPHAT jeans wit da matching shirt and tennisshoes wit a wrap around purse to da club.
U str8 ghetto so plz
Did the P90X legs and back workout and capped it off with AbRipperX.
Week 9.
just doesn't 2 hrs carrying EVERYTHING up from our basement
I got slobber all over my hands on the way to car riders cuz of you licking my biNder.
thanks  it's one of my few creative outlets.
He doesn't mind it so much either, as u might be able to tell
Well played.
If any of u know tell him to call me ASAP.
Thanks.
thank you so much Julia!
Let me and know the next time you're in town!!!!
XO
My mom's friend in New England has one of those.
It makes the kitchen so hot they can't cook all summer.
Big for tonight.
If they lose I think most people are going to be on the hope they lose for a doctorft pick wagon.
reading paper out loud to myself.
still can't look at Natchitoches and pronounce it Nackuhdesh.
make me proud ; RT RT I'm the new age Ferris Bueller's ..Really Bad ass!
xoxo
just blowing up yer fb phone and Twitter
This Saturday, Amy's birthday musical celebration at The Park House, N.
Side.
Free entry, all welcome.
9pm
Can we get a picture of you from behind?
Perve moment.
Forgive me.
I think you have an addiction!
Tree squirrels do not hibernate during the winter months, but they keep all activities to a minimum to conserve energy.
so why did she get one, because everyone else had a blog
Congrats for finishing Law School!
..
Just need to dominate the Bar!
Definitely an enhancement we will consider.
Thanks for the input.
As with anything online, it's a WIP to make things better
Beckett is in a league of his own.
Between the pitching and his antics off the field and then the post game comments...
Get prices and info on All Used Cars For Sale In Portland.
Also Find Carquote, CarAdvice,
welcome to twitter.
I am so happy my lil sis has found real love.
Convrats on your good news!
Sweet doctorams :
EBEN.
EBEN.
EBEN.
OMG I'M GONNA BE AT TEEN HOOT.
HERE I COME!!!!3
How do you nurture your own professorssional learning besides what you or your school provides?
Young enough to know i can, old enough to know i shouldnt, stupid enough to do it anyway.
oh let me know wen u get home ..
i need to get doctornk
Toughen up tinker bell.
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the stars refuse to shine...
Made a antimeth poster in my doctorg class  I won a prize.
:D
Can you watch the game from Boston?
triple with marinara, delivered.
Debating on getting before work.....
Hahaha who am I kidding we all know I can't resist :P
Hey guys voting starts may 29th for your favorite ptw artist.
If we win we get to record a track with Carlos Santanna!!
Check out MiniSolos exhibition in its final weeks!
Wine dinner is tonight..
Photos to come..
Hope you were one of the ones to reserve a seat!
I Love Sunshine.
Went prom doctorss shopping with my date today!
Found an awesome doctorss!!
Friday nite it's the Winter Rock Challenge finals with Highway4, InDecision, Wine  Spirit and The Hawkeyes 9p 5 at door 21
We gotta get it in in a SHOW TOGETHER ROCKING the JOINT HARD.
i would like more info on how we can work together to fundoctorise towards my Church building fund
Mine too!
RT Pollen is my kryptonite.
Just giddy.
Actually, I lose: Tomorrow expecting a long stay at the license bureau.
Happy wknd and Happy Easter, if you do that!.
haha.
my bros about to kick me off the computer.
I'll bring the link balloons, you bring the kiddos!
If Pink City is in your Kitty I wouldn't mind moving in and living there !!
EAT, doctorNK  BE MERRY TONIGHT  8PM  10PM  Acoustic Show  DEAL: 7 for a bottle of Fat Tire and a shot of Jameson 
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
If you didn't clean the snow/ice block off the roof of your car, you're a jerk.
Google Translate is pretty darn helpful!
we are going to try.
I'd love for Janet to meet you guys.
Romney At Pizza Mogul's Mansion: 'Everyone Should Live Like This' huffpost 40 acres for every American, and a pizza in the pot!
Well it sounded like a big spill on the scanner.
Guess the tank on the tractor was leaking pretty good.
Hello Muthafuckas ..
Hey ..
Hi ..
How Ya Durin' !!.
Curtis' wedding!
Maybe sooner?
won im so happy im crying much love man
We are done for the day!
3 songs mixed.
7 to go!
Back in the studio Thursday.
Goodnight tweeple!
Shut up.
But first, breakfast at a pancake house.
I wonder what's on their menu.
Watching lax duke is killin!
The Paul Rabil commercial never gets old
Nice RT : foodiechat I'm here from south bend, Indiana
I'm creepy?
IfOnlyAlexKnew how much his smile makes me melt :D
Ghetto Dennys time on the company dime.
Do you have a votebymail ballot on your kitchen table?
Make sure the Election Board receives it before 6PM on Election Day.
They are soo good!
have you tried the grapefruit one?
Mom, stfu.
Im going to College.
The apbio exam doesn't matter.
Get off my back.
The USArmy will get me into college.
thank you cupcake!
Thomas!
Thomas!
How important are sponsors for the Market?
We had to spend 3,200 just for trailers.
Say thanks to our wonderful sponsors.
Hoping my clips win
where were you, when my walls came falling down.
We are seconds away from our first Houston demo!
Come see us on lovely Westheimer street!
I am hoping they have.
Going from SUV to car so excited about better gas mileage.
that's awesome.
Brilliant.
if you can't accept yourself for who you are why would I
Watch the ROCK THIS RESTAURANT MAKEOVER this Saturday March 5th on 2 KASA FOX at 5pm!!!
followfriday Seth Butler  photographer for Vermont
Design Wow!
Great Show!
Dining by Designterrific!
See the young man sitting at the old man's bar, waiting for his turn to die...Google Dolls.
Wanda N.
Colon  www.wandancolon.com, Kelly Edwards  www.kellyedwardsinc.com, Ali Azhar www.aliazharinc.com
Did others think it was offensive?
I can't get over how disrespectful Jimmy Fallon's show was to Michele Bachmann last night
I considered IKEA, but they didn't have the narrow size or color I needed.
These came from Anna's.
:P
Last night performance was everything!!
And the after party was even more....
THATCamp LAC campers: follow the 1st day of thatcamp CHNM by watching the thatcamp hashtag  we'll have a joint session w/them tomorrow
ThatAwkwardMoment when the guy you're talking to and the guy that keeps hitting on you have the same name...
You know those days where everyone just pisses you off no matter what?
That's you everyday for me.
wow!
thats crazy /
How you could have a comedy fest in Chicago without would be beyond me.
benefitshow 
It's Winter Break Camp at Positive Tomorrows!
We give kids a safe, stable place for enrichment and learning, even when school's out!
Futura?
Awesome.
Loved the constantly morphing set and the solemn beauty of the conclusion.
shout to you.
in general, i enjoy The Wanted more that One Direction.
haha that made me laugh!
I think we're doing the exact same thing right now
Went to a bookstore today in WA.
They had womenshistory books filed under relationships in the selfhelp section.
haha o i love how u use twitter as in conversation as if it were a living thing,
congrats to those guys!
hope the Spurs can do the same!
Dtrix.
flirt with me, not them.
So annoyed..
Happy Friday Everyone!
I really want to like Jennifer Lawrence, but...
We are now reviewing application 130187  Aaron Steele.
TOUCHDOWN STANDS you bitch ass chargers
that place on Homestead good as hell..
Omg Im So Hungryy .
O: Theres Nothing To Eat .
D:
Live to fight another day!
FSU wants to leave the ACC?
We won't miss ya.
Winning a VespaUSA from  saving gas  bit.ly/mintvespatw
Confirmed  we'll be at NSS Sunday and Monday, 20th/21st.
See you then!
Today is a good day to be on the water
This storm needs to go away by tommorrow morning.
Oh, man.
It's brilliant.
Cant wait!
RT : in MI last wk I had the pleasure of tasting a Cherry, pecan, craisin  brie pizza..
Share 2morrow.
Hello Janice.
Honored by your follow.
Hope to hear from you often.
It's on the darkest nights that you see the most beautiful stars.
Being in Scotland has caused a 475 increase of my use of the word cnt.
A doctoramer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
Swag your smle without braces ;
follow RT for that good ol' follow
strong with Randy Shannon as OC
No its not going down tonight
is starting the new but wet  cloudy week at New Morning Cafe in Tiburon...
21 candy bars!
Torrey Smith is the number 1 hot trend on Google.
Oh Fantasy Football, you are crippling the country.
I think you're looking for
stop being willing to try things different because you MIGHT do it wrong
Last Time I Checked I'm Grown!
FOH
What a day.
I think I'll need a doctornk...let's just call it Cinco de Mayo.
The planet will become a kind of supermarket.
But strange things can happen.
Sometimes history is ironic.
George Steiner
Just want you to know that the ONLY people I send bday tweets 2 are attractive, intelligent  incredibly sexy individuals
...rumble pack/dual shock, achievemetns/trophies, wiimote?/playstation move, smash bros?/ sony all stars.
quite embarassing.
problem is...he's really only my husband in my mind.
uh oh.
i hear his sneakers runnin' for the hills...
RT via The energy here is incredible.
I Love You
You guys gotta live till May 22!!!
imitation is the best form of flattery
Get up and get at it.
Good Morning good people.
how are your fingertips doing?
That awkward moment when the dentist asks you a question while his hands are in your mouth
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
thingsicantstand, paying full price for tickets, so here it is DC half off Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis, go to
red velvet frozen yogurt is my new fav...
1/2 off snow day at is very exciting especially on fish fry friday!
People will always try to be negative, all you can do is continue smiling and stay positive.
I'm Biwinning, One speed, One gear, GO
alright then.....
Ndjrjrnirndjdosnsbdjdkenskskfbsk.
Waking up at 12 and still not having the energy to get out of bed
I forgot to record the new show.
I'd like to see it.
Will it replay any time this weekend?
But not better than NeverSayNever Justin Bieber
Happy Weekend!
20 off all purchases b/w 5pm7pm
honestly I still don't know why captainin Harris always had it out for Mahoney and the other police officers.
Just listened to Fugazi repeater cuz it had been a min.
Forgot music could change the world.
Thank you Ian.
Everything was getting better .
.
.
I fucked it up .
I always fuck it all up .
I'm sure you'll love the books : yes., how was your day??
So excited about the BBA general meetings this week.
I hope you can make it!
ha just realised it said 'time' is a great teacher, embarrassing!
I thought it said this...lol!
X
lol Hell yea good ol P Days lol
Dear Twitter I'm Officially DEAD.....
Good Luck :
thanks!
Xoxo ERIN DIANE
very nice!!!!!
LOL
Please keep Larry in your prayers.
He is in the hospital due to a dangerously low white blood cell count from his Chemotherapy.
Take a minute to see our latest eyetracking solutions at the SMI booth 25 at
Working in Austin, Texas at the Barton Creek Resort  Spa
: Must say really like that Best Buy ad about mobile phones with the creators of all the apps, etc.
me too
: impressive instagram omg, that should be your instagram handle!!!
we have the tools to create our own content now.
I want to be a female Tech Gal.
I loved TechTV
...turns out it's so they can be more comfortable  Sab says NO...I'm comfortable here...sorry GTFOH...lol
at IDCC 6 in Chicago, last session of the day
we do!
email us at with what you have in mind; we can do all kinds of fun things for kids :
it's not blocked
It's almost showtime at !
and of course...US!
Be there!
11pm!
FREE!!!
CUSTOM POSTERS!
he's dead, jim
dont pay any attn to me man ,im old school..
like my beer and doctornks full flavored and strong,
The good die young so they can get to heaven early  watch over the rest of the slums
I just wish u would see my tweets for once!:
There's a web service for people who sign up for too many web services
Curious, but what does it mean?
I've walked by that store/brand many a times and never gave it thought :
Getting home from work and seeing my girls just reminds how lucky of a guy I really am!
S/o to for not being a pussy!
Went to the Hollywood dance and boys volleyball game last night!
Yet I went injured lol!
Weekend starts thursdayy!!!
:
damn.
I want your boss
someone asked about you....
on every single one of his twitcams, you and Miranda are always mentioned..
aha :
what kind of show?
The GW Patriot is temporarily unavailable due to maintenance.
We will be back up soon.
We apologize for the inconvenience  Patriot staff
I'll tweet a link to the online column Wednesday morning.
Feature story to come down the road.
Thanks!
OMG!
You will see me!
3
Theresa you rock!!!
How many times have you typed, l'm okay while crying?
What a great weekend for the Lobos!!
Ayo SB, whats the fcks good?
We ship platinum, them b!tches are shipping wood 3 i have nicki in my head 
I need the Sony press conference NOW!
im tierd of following ppl and not getting a follow back
Pitch FX believes that it will be short lived, but it has been fun to watch.
At arbor mall gettin my new clothes
Brad is hotter than Angela, just the truth
Is your favorite color yellow by any chance.
10 sketchy people messing with the flagpole is a way to make sure 200 people stay away from
Damn right playoffbeards are manly!
We'll def check out your show
the nfl is so ass backwards its a sin RT : So a punch to the face gets your a 25k fine but a tackle could get you 60k??
PS: I'm so happy that my role model will be on the judge chair of The X Factor!
Britney, your always in my heart.
Wish you the best on it Xo
what does oomf mean
um, that it was interesting enough to retweet?
Already fammo you know how we do!
RT : SO CLEAN WHN I WALK ALL I HEAR IS WHISTLE'S HAHAHAHA!!!
The podcast is way more entertaining than the WalkingDead TV show.
Good morning, Nikita!
How was your dinner at Luce?
If you're wearing juicy pants, that ass better be.
Back hurts from recovering picnic table, chiminea, and washing machine from canal.
Stupid Ike.
Boat goes to boat heaven today.
thanks again for tickets!
Wife and friend looking forward to the game.
Go Timbers!
Icantgoadaywithout praying to God3 I Love Sundays!
Happy to see the dh project I worked on for , Civil War Washington, is getting recognized by ,
And the students in the graduating class of 2011 march in to the auditorium.
lmfaoooo hell no!
im not twitpicking him
I'm off w/ my Juiceman this Sunday  Monday which works out perfectly fine since he's not going to his Papa's house this week
It's 5:39 and im up..:/ why you ask.?
I have a freaking science field trip..:
The World is Ours.

ULTIMATE LADIES NIGHT  Grab the girls and come enjoy 15 bottonless bubbles tonight at Narcisse!
goodmorning to you too : AND to the rest of the positive twitter people!
This psych exam is going to seriously be the end of me no joke.
Chuuch RT The whole InsideTheNBA set is speaking truth on Eric Spoelstra, LeBron and D.
Wade.
Have you cooked with quinoa?
It's a great grain w/ protein  much more!
featured it.
I eat it for breakfast how do u eat it?
Show Show Show Show Show
Monique Show got cancelled..is anyone really surprised?
All she did was preach..it was annoying but she surely went in on that audio lol!
When is Puck gonna take his test???
unless you bet on Utah
Because Joss Whedon is awesome I will bear this burden of blame.
Caps GMGM says Dale will be with them at the doctorft to help them out there
how's ol Pendleton.
On top of delivering the highest quality and safest repairs, Car Crafters also makes customer convenience and comfort a top priority.
I am beautiful no matter what they say, words cant bring me down.
I am beautiful in every single way...so don't you bring me down today...
Today in Financl Srvcs Cmtee I questioned Sec Geithner on the million Gaddafi's family unjustly took from Libya's people.
I'm glad our streets are no longer menaced by supertough doowop singers Now we have criminals with badges and auto weapons
damn I didn't even think u did that
Sorry...what was your tweet referencing?
I'm didn't want to do it, because I'm really happy, and didn't have a question I needed to ask.
So just asked, What do I need to know?
All you owe the public is a good performance.
Humphrey Bogart A film maker and actors responsibility :
Summer break is only a week and a half away!
Let the general campaign begin!
We have a contest of the Left vs.
the Right.
Obama vs.
Romney
Lisa, we love it!
Cheers to healthy hearts RT Raising a glass of red wine to salute heart health month.
Remember those Omega3s!
yeah, Jackson, Hardesty and Hillis are out, we could have the most beat up running back core in the league
Wanna book jc to come to the uk buh ive got no money so that idea's gone out the window.
can't wait , excited for the new and old stuff.
Minds will be blown away!
I don't mind losing to good teams...shit, even decent teams...but the TWINS?
THE EFFIN TWINS.
seriously guys
I'll be signing books with other authors at Cape Bookrack,Cape Girardeau, MO Sat.
Oct.
8, 113 .
Please join us.
doctorwing for free book CDs.
I love this time of year, when networks announce renewals for shows that should have canceled five years ago.
Go follow this amazing mahomie and belieber
Must visit.
Zman.
Nom nom.
hey promo x30
Today's Specials: Cranberry pecan short stack; Chilli Cheese corndogs w/ fries; Tortilla Soup.
Dictators lead through fear; good coaches do not.
John Wooden
Jealous!
Stuck on campus for another 1.5 hrs teaching.
Hope the buses keep going until I get to go home!
Headed out to catch The Lorax?
Stop by before or after for a tasty, healthy treat.
We don't speak for the trees, but we are cool.
Hi , glad to see you via Twitter and Facebook.
I applaud you for being so social during tax season.
Keep up the good work!
Shared experience  Location
CAN YOU IMAGINE A SQUIRREL DOING THAT?
NOT!!!
T/F/S...
I'm desperate.
Four tech calls, two last minute cancelations and I'm still without a microwave.
Been almost six weeks.
: watching doctorve you wasted 2 hours of your day.
Explain what happened during the explosive decade of prison riots.
I never gave a damn about the whether and it never gave a damn about me.
yes they are pricey but the undisputed top dog in the gun world
when the hell did you become a hockey fan???
ya im texting him now...
thanks though
I need a deluge of Biblical proportion to save my garden.
Where is Noah when I need him?
Acoustic to symphony, it's clear I don't know what I want out of today.
Do I know you or do we just have Portland, Northern California and instagram in common?
will do.
Thank you!
It's gonna be a long night.
ohh okay..
I thought you were not mahomies again but I was wrong
I feel that way about Facebook posts.
Oh, the ways of social media...
exquisite corpse with butcher paper and oxbow students
We're proud to be a sponsor!
Atlanta, GA need female for Rock video.
No nudity.
Pay is 100 dollars.
Whatever they're eating, it smells divine grumbles then continues on with teasing the noble men.
raw10 Dated a woman who was supa Fine, like Tyra Banks.
1 prob though, 2 many corns on her toes.
as if she worked 4 Orville Redenbacher
100 LIKES FOR THE LATEST RECORD CALL ME MAYBE.
LMS.
i hope everything goes good for you tommorrow!
i just know that you will look even better than you do now without braces!
Congrats guys, so proud of you!
What's your alltime favorite pinball game?
showing some of that Milwaukee love to the dirty south 1
omg TeamLegna !!!
thanks
just.
Low.
Philly Thinker says bring on the Okie Joe's.
weather channel??
doctorw Brees !!!
Today's affirmation: I know that every day I am developing towards my fullest potential.
Microsoft store people adorably nicer than Apple store people.
I know Apple's OK with that, but I think it's disappointing.
I have 2 more spots in South Jersey.
Looking for C ASP.Net Oracle Developers.
Did I mention they were permanent?
As http://
lol you retweeted the wrong one dude XD search my tweets and retweet the radio station one not the last one XD
They are stool available?
Here you are on twitter talking about cassette tapes.
I am so sorry!
I missed you too!
A bit overloaded with work
Completely obsessed with 's Working in the Theatre on CUNYTV
Love the feedback!
U do know best!
RT : I like the ad but in all honesty less text would be much more effective.
How can anyone dislike the Nationals ?
They're the OKC of the
No angle, just dangle
Have a yelp or foursquare app?
Check In for Dinner service Friday and Saturday for a Free Mango Margarita!
I guess all this guy does is lose, too.
You are not right, boy.
Respect the Nudies!
cc:
wake'em up.But if you don't have a game plan to actually combat the Illuminati people will roll over and go back to sleep
: I sold a head light bulb to him!
Btw aren't you on your honeymoon?
Congrats!!/ yes and thank you!!!!
is an swesome tool!
In the 90s rappers wore gold, not platinum.
I fucking hate making up the bed.
Thank you!
You know it!
:
Girl you are finer than frogs hair!
Are you tired of neck and back pain?
Did you know that pinched nerves could be the cause of your discomfort?
Electric daisy is coming to town.
Better reserve your transportation soon.
It's 45 min off the strip.
Thanks for the RT!
We're super excited about hitting 13,000 courses.
uh.
facebook places.
Thinking about the RED Epic...so soon.
ok, do you have an email?
RT : Also thanks for the ros RTs of my tastewa post.
Cheers!
I will take Collins and Lamb.
if you mean the iPad app..
It's great.
Also accidentally lean on your horn right after parking, your neighbors will think it's hilarious
Snow moving into the Northeast  New England  here??
we're going to the beach   SUNNY  70S....aahhhh  another lousy day in paradise!
How I would love to buy a female dog and name her life.
My goal was a simple 1000 word blog post on dirty living.
4000 words later, I realized I was literally writing a footnote to a footnote.
WHAT IF answered my question about paul higgins omg i would cry for 567 years
hey Cam!
please follow me.
I love you
Glad you are part of my PLN as well!
last 5 starts.
Joe says that Stewart catching Sabathia like that is just how it happened to be.
Girardi needs to get off his pedestal and
Nothing quite sets the mood for the day like listening to Ennio Morricone in the morning.
Details, details, how many details!!!
Never take counsel of your fears.
LCSH inappropriate for computer environment too textural, too reliant on/developed for humans.
Poss.
prob.
for collaboration in lis?
Are you listening to the music this week?
You were not made by God to fit into this world.
You were made to stand out..
No 5 in changing your life for the NewYear  'The Right to Change your Mind' !
Wishing each of you a blessed  warm Christmas Eve.
Okayhands are loosing grip so it is time to stop working for the night.
I can return to the studio early tomorrow  get back to work.
They are trying to hang a pastor in iran for being christian.
Quickly Sign the petetion!!
Call 8779892255 or log on acla.org
NowWatching my Niners kick some Cardinals ass.
Is my life so lame that I have to resort to watching friends?
There has ta be something else on
at first I though it was edited or something like that
Singing....Gimme di gal dem wid di wickedest slam.
Di kinda gal weh know fi love up she man.
Ohh I hope you find them!
Garner state park bro.
so much judgement :
2.6.2 is now available!
Sorry for the short time frame between releases.
No need to update unless you're using userthumbs.
cool.
I look forward to hearing who the player is
Learned more about audio described movies csun12.
Augmented description of action on the screen, not just closed captainons.
Damn last nite was dope,shit we get down haha.
Great to see former Hill Hi Spartan Colt Lyerla get his first Ducks TD.
We know that kid can make a big play!
340 all Oregon
A little stubbornness will work out fine
Yay!
I'm going to see oomf today :D
I found that out when I got there!
LOL!
It's all good, I connected w some folks I met last time.
It was another grt time
has decided to do all my status updates using Cream's lyrics from their time on heroin.
They were a cross between Naked Lunch and Finneg ...
But when you walk into a party, you don't see somebody's brain
i fully stuffed my grill with good leftovers from my wonderful womens birthday yesterday and now i'm rockin some decent gas.
i'm full though
We're playing with Jukebox the Ghost on April 11 at The Social.
Come out and support great people making great music.
Hit us up for presales
Hello beautiful new apartment :
do yourself a favor and watch now.
You'll learn a lot, like how to properly pine after people, etc...
time to mix it up.
I'm actually starting to miss Warren Zevon.
We are in need of more family care/primary care Oregon licensed doctors.
come tomorrow and see Phyllis.
I think I can relate to The Grinch, when his heart grew 5X in a matter of minutes...
Ouch!
It hurts!!
I love u more than Cat loves tap it and sky store together!
Great radio voice, Howard,  what you have to say, of course.
Meeting with the president of tomorrow.
Brainstorming some good questions for him.
Can't wait!
Good Luck at the Jack this weekend.
: The Da Vinci Shins at 3/1.
grandnationalhorses That race still happens?
If imagining a studio audience shout of romantic O's each time my cat sticks her butt in my face is wrong, I don't want to be right.
haha at comp sunday i was crying in the parking lot because my mom ran out of booby tape
From the book Peripheral Vision: It isn't that they can't see the solution.
It is that they can't see the problem.
G.K.
Chesterton
ohmygod i hate you
my pillows my only friend/:
Asked to comment on the Jordan Classic and it's lack of U of L commits, Rick Pitino said Really?
On the day Piermario Morosini died?
Hearing abt amazing work by to help create a Domestic Worker Justice Zone in Park Slope!
Titanic in my pants
stoked on your work maneo!
Creative collisions.
So go on and take it, take it all with you.
Don't look back at this crumbling fool.
Just take it all with my love, take it all with my love.
Awesome!!!
I actually met him a little over a year ago!
Have you met him/seen him in concert?
my two year old and I went out for Mexican while the hubs took my oldest on a date!
Lol
Word 100k: he  I was hoping for a more exciting milestone word, especially after word 50k was Henry
yeah.
He's alive and well in the W.
Lmao
it does.
Many onair personalities are not who they appear to be.
Definitely seems like the perfect fit for the Social Suite!
How ya been big guy?
lol It said the same to me,lol
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you twerk in the middle of the street
2nite come out to !
50 cent wells till 11 and 3 u call it all nite!
18 free all night!
video mixin all nite!
you all can join
Like I'm texting you now it alerts me when someone tweets me
I'm so Cold!
I know it's supposed 2 b nice out, but I'm freezing!
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
Papa Smurf always has blue balls :
Blackpool will be the 20th team in the Premier League next season!
They beat Cardiff City 32.
Hold tight to memories for comfort, lean on your friends for strength..
just saying this is why I hope you can support the prez, not perfect, but not as scary as these people.
I'm with you.
I especially hate how they get the cute little ones to ask if you want to buy one.
I already miss you
Sounds like you're going to get attacked by a lot of people screaming white out today...
I'd wear armor if I were you...
69Factsaboutme 12.
I always bite my nails off.
I don't like them long.
A beautiful night on First Hill.
Lots of folks gathered for tonight's Save our Community Health Centers event tonight.
well that was a productive meeting for the tournament
Kale chips taste worst than they look and that's saying a lot.
can't wait to see you guys june 2nd : ITS MY 16 BIRTHDAY PRESENT 3
CTFU I'm truly happy
Hi Nicky, really pleased you enjoyed it!
You should receive it on Monday from but let us know if you don't get it.
four legs good, two legs bad?
cc/
Well...
Telemarketing ISNT for me.
I had to quit today : Now I gotta look for a job all over again...
Anybody got any ideas?
Hats, caps and tams off to Mannie Pollack, all in LAS and Pavilion who do such a great job organizing commencement every year!
seriously underestimated how much I dig
how do you mix your Manhattan?
Twitter is a cesspool for hyperbole.
And I love it.
let's pay some bills today
I love the Navy Seals as a metaphor.
please say hello
The park is pretty tempting right now 
Any day now!
The market opens at 10am today with Sing Leslie performing at noon
relationships are shifting stronger influence from nonlegal pros LTNY Firms need to understand how they are being perceived
Imagine if every time u hit a red light going to the store u went home.
Quitting  starting again burns up a lot of time.
Babies die without affection.
That is why loneliness hurts so much.
It is natural to fight for survival.
Long time no talk.
Haven't seen this girl in minute.
Now she's taking my order.
Oh I totally am!
I'm just going to try to not fall in love with the idea of how my life would be with this job this time around.
Hehe!
Thankfully it's a small garden..
I need to do better with it, really...
What doesn't kill you makes a great novel!
Typing away today!
What would you do IfTheyShutDownTwitter??
Ah man, almost time to go  get the junior girls ready for powder puff.
Lord help me..
Heard they are trying to work their way into the field hockey world too.
so may argue its not an action sport.
I beg to differ
Also the part where my mom left me a voicemail and her voice kept getting higher and higher as she got more and more excited about her news.
Watching The Blind Side.
So good, but making me cry.
o!
Thanks for the reminder!
I was thinking of going!
Even wrote it on meh calendah!
When girls don't like you for no reason
hot damn im at it again
Babies.
All I see are babies.
My voice sounds differentt .
my throat hurts :o oh geeeze .
yes try oatmeal with milk  forget the water.
Also try maple syrup  cinnamon.
Or chocolate chips
I may have been living under a stone, I never heard of 50shadesofgrey or one of the 50shades trilogy until now  has anyone read it?
AskBieber when is the world tour starting?:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Happy birthday Madison!
I hope u have a great one.
Love you!
fun Saturday.
but way ready for sundayfunday and whoever else
: the budget is far less contentious now that all these other issues have been resolved
I'm so sore oh my goodness I can't move.
My pheromones smell like Bulgari Black.
Summary: I am biologically blessed.
How is everyone?
:
Cee Lo's cat gets airtime on TheVoice, but not your First Fish...making calls...
just trying to share the love
Where's Tyler Lewis?
Spring and summer is here  time to book your Family Reunion  call us  2964852 to book your event.
oomf stay falling asleep on me  not cute at all
hey good thing we saved that typewriter because someone just asked for one
Ha, I have 4 Google friends, thank you very much :
Meet me in Phx after the game.
There's about to be a rumble!!!
Hahaa
: Beyonce at Revel!
It's so close!!!
:DD
and so was Getzlaf but he was funny...
Triple fisting vodka sodas
Now ICONiacz are starting to like ; back off  stick to your ICONic Boyz .
Polls are open in Arlington!
Take 5 minutes to vote in the special election to fill Barbara Favola's County Board seat!

Very cool.
What city/s?
What's the most interesting thing you've brewed w/ so far?
Given the massive popularity of the language and size of developer base, I mean.
Follow to find out the big announcement coming today!
I have gotten this spam like ten times.
HI, JUST WONDERING IF YOU WILL TWEET ME SOMETIME?
NO?
OKAY ;
If you're going to be crass, I think you should at least attempt to be provocative.
this was great.
Thanks for sharing.
it takes a village to archive the Web
Well, how was your weekend?
Tom Izzo from Michigan State should be disgraced.
Halftime plan has them getting outscored 259 as we speak.
What a joke Izzo.
just got home from making my abs of steel into abs of...
steel
That Feeling That U get When u Wanna cry
Make me fuck you up
Nice summary, and nice use of Storify!
Thanks for sharing them.
Nuhuh, but this canola mixed with butternut squash chunks sure isn't doing it...
I will check it out:
Meditate, Levitate, Regulate.
No seriously, you can go fuck yourself
In the theater gonna watch the hunger games.
IFC Spirit Awards!!!
You're our special hobbit : Love the pants btw :
15 in a row wow that's amazing
For sure, bud!
It won't be long.
This guy n I have touched hands twice already on this train pole.
1 more time n I've had my first gay experience.
DS: While Peyton Manning and Jim Irsay are crying, Andoctorw Luck is somewhere singing 50 Cent's Piggy Bank w/ a FUCK YOU, PAY ME shirt on.
Today's the day all the procrastination catches up with me...
Lol...I hear ya!
you don't know you're beautiful...
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps.
relative minor: a girlfriend.
lohfh my nigga say so fat girl wearing booty short now
sent, check ya dm
Of the Saint Valentine whose feast is today, nothing is known except his name and he was buried on the Via Flaminia north of Rome on Feb 14
Just finished talkin with potential C3 candidates
wow, just make sure it sticks, ha
yeah Fam always Doc!
I only really stopped so I could eat it for lunch today.
YUM!
Gym time.

real fast
for the retweets!
i think that's when we like , too
sushi is happiness
This headache
at school today my friend said if there is ever another band with the word 'direction' in it she will punch them in the face.
You Tweeted about the Olympics, We talk about it.
Up next on the Breakfast Show
Agree?
I think we all agree you're a
Has anyone tried the Scott Naturals rollless toilet paper?
It took me like, 3 minutes just to get the roll onto the spool.
Bo!
Know any great DPs in the LA area?
We're looking for one on a documentary I'm coproducing.
DM Thank you for following us.
It would be great to work together some day soon.
Most shocking thing during RLE set: getting two bottles of water dumped on him by two middle schoolers.
Hey love, I'm just getting on, I hope I didn't miss much!!
Lots of fireflies!
I aint n da league but i ball with da ball players every week philly bottles on my crew
Damn I swear I smoked so much last night I woke up high this morning!
haha what!
Why!
Thanks Cass...going against one of the best players in the USA today.
It will be a great challenge for me.
Looking for suggestions on things to do/see in the Washington D.C.
area.

which guy that actually has respect for themselves would want a chick like that.
Shit I know I wouldn't haha
Happy new years er'body.
Everyone take a shot for me !!
Sure why not : u doctornk red wine
Our office is on pins and needles.
RT : Suspense is building!
just talked to official from MCAS Miramar and they...
SO JEALOUS THAT YOU ARE THERE!
I thought it was so cool : maybe replace tall with GRAND ; haha
We are getting very EXCITED!!!
Our BIGGEST sale of the year begins in just 3 days!!!
TheBlindManNM.com
no such thing as too much coffee
just sum play game with my cousin
Win 63 of the weekly locks you order or receive your money back guaranteed!
their minds is floppy, mines a harddoctorve archive the truth no bull no jive you can call a truce..
Watch your mouth RT : Lebron is such a joke.
Once again he does nothing in the 4th quarter and is not clutch.
Watch Kimbriell Kelly today at Noon
Rebellion is the source of all innovation.
WorQing really hard right now!!!
Oh ok, well let us know if you need anything else!
:
just did a motivation cover....banger!!!!!
check it out on youtube.com/gregtellis314
I have the most awesome twitter family in the world.
I LUV each  everyone of U SO VERY MUCH!!!
U MAKE ME SMILE!
Happy Hump Day Everyone3
You know the doctorll...pic or it didn't happen haha
Also, I found some history papers I wrote in high school.
SO BORING.
I seriously needed an editor.
And a smaller head.
That was our house last nightgrabbed the Bradbury graphic novels for my boys.
Just before dinner: Dad, I'm on page 42!
Home Ownership matters in Columbus, Ohio.
Get your house today before they are ALL gone!!
And I ask you friend, what's a fella to do, cause her hair was black and her eyes were blue.
Happy Birthday!
RT : Good morning all and a very happy birthday to Joe Hart who is celebrating his 25th today!
The Avengers was great!!!
I don't require money on movie dates lol right boo ?!
Lol I gotta train her!
you're welcome caleb freakin agnew for pretty much doing your film project.
what would you do without me?
lol
thanks for the RT!
Problems posting on the DP Facebook page this a.m...
of course the same post will probably show up 10 times at some point
Out with the wife.
This is bullshit.
Can't.
Wait.
your welcome:
that means your company is broke and can't pay the light bill...
Fit test time!
the only reason i'm not bitching about the time switch today is that spring break gives me a week to adjust.
True.
Solid beef products.
Ben and I would know
Does anyone know the secret?
Human experience adds to the sacred math.
so freaking tired, but i cannot fall asleep...
:
In DETROIT today running around but first grocery shopping, breakfast then a TRACK workout at 1pm.
Then hang with Barrett Strong : FF xo
RT the mission only succeeded because every member of that unit trusted each other Gr8 metaphor 4 famliies and us all.
is gonna be an all star within 3 years
does Jorts go out with a triple double tonight???
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DCJuly1st July 7th,2012!Stay tuned for more info AESAOne
Good morning everyone!
your bartape will unravel and your beans will go stale!
Day 2: Bright Green Future: afternoon sessions begin at 1pm
Performing at a black history event ....in April lol.
blackpower blackbrother :
Tweeting for benefit of your fans is great.
Tweeting same thing x20 via 3rd party marketing suite not great  unfollows to follow
Balls and wieners I need it to be
Had a peculiar encounter with a psycho neighbor the other day.
He gave me the salute.
we're2!
lol.
He got cut by the grand wizard!!
Twitter is so entertainin.....
What are some of your favorite HH items?
: Yumm...
This is making me hungry!
;
St.
Patrick's Day on Amtrak  new opportunity to throw up on your iPad.
Ah.
You need help at B14U?
when i was 13 i wanted to be a back up dancer.....
I was convinced it was gonna happen
I can watch little miss sunshine a thousand times 
wishes would follow her!
:
It was a private concert sorry
Loyalty is everything!
Nothing as fun as doing an inclass presentation to a crowd that checked out 2 presentations ago.
Markus a ol smooth lip ass nigga now
I have to say I'm disappointed in pple celebrating both holidays at once and wearing sombrero fascinators.
are you really leaving ?
happy birthday dolly!
Love you!!!
Barcelona loses to the best football club in the world...at home.
What's up bro!
Hope all is well.
you know when you're at a super cool conference, and you can't get anyone to tweet.
yeaaahh....
Lol watching glee:p
Hello, Twitter!
I've missed you!
Celebrating our reunion with a Venti Caramel Macchiato :
Day off tomorrow.
Gonna go play!
Definately one of the worst birthdays I've ever had.
What an excellent day 2day.
Great home cooked meal, best friend  watching  my friend on Letterman tonight.
Ha!
Likewise.
Just have to make it a priority!
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL
Women should come with permanent mood rings
The Yanks are beatable
Today may be good day to work on getting onions and potatoes in the garden
When is the preorder going to open for the US come on Apple!!!
I'm really a big fraidy cat.
I get so scared if anyone close to me says and mean thing to me.
Texting Jacob !
333
loved it!
but pitt did do good...
Saw the movie the woman in black yesterday it was scary.
I wanna see it again :
I hate when I want to comment on someone's blog post, but can't figure out how to say what I want to say.
Anybody else have this happen?
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 1
Bakersfield , California!
We are performing at Jerrys Pizza tonight!
Come party with us and the NYTF Tour!
jusst coming frum outside i was bored so i was like let me talk to her because you are fun 2 talk 2
I was so bothered  annoyed when i found out too!!
: RT : I won't be hitting mega million Floridians can't play.
Total BS!
Seriously though, why is UM so annoying sometimes.
for as much trouble as the language has given me, somethings are never lostintranslation:
Ah just got my world 2.0 in the mail with the signed picture ;D
And no one will tell Tami to chill.
Even beautiful people make mistakes: Website connects America's most eligible ...
Daily Mail
NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 5
I'm eating a Wawa sandwich.
I can't really judge.
Anyone celebrating a birthday in Atlanta this weekend?
RSVP for a complimentary birthday section and bottle at tonight.
Looks like your rooting for the wrong team.
Bush INT in SB.
Good special teamer.
Putting together workshop for new managers using age old Read Books, Repurpose Content, Make Interactive technique.
Never fails.
OA not threat to subscr model.
Will sit sidebyside.
3 of YBP and Ingram sales are patron doctorven.

not visiting uwm
juss gt out dha shower n now im hungry n bored asz hell...!!!
Carlos is here..
which means most of my plans need to be canceled :/ I sorry
Already Got It.
Sucker
ha!
not exactly sure what that might constitute, but it seems you guessed correctly
Marq bball so fun to watch, another double digit comeback in progress
Can't right now...watching
Plez follow back..recommended by JayPrince
USDA Food Guide Pyramid was political not scientific doc; encouraged lots of carbs.
No surprise  overweight stats ...
what is it you say...hm...bwahahahaha..niceone!!
i live in Indiana to ; only in Avon though .
but I want to meet you anyways ...
Love You 3
What's up if u like Justin Bieber then forget u lol jk but yea i dont like JB
Johnny rockets with the track crew
Nite!
Sleep sweet!
call up rich hill and dfa justin thomas.
easy.
then bring up cook, try and slip albers through waivers to A, and bard to the pen.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Desiree Rabuse and Ana PerezHaynes!
Chillin.
Join me.
I'm the new chair of a scholarship program and I rmbr us chatting about youth empowerment; would you be interested?
plz message!
Awe THANKS
Summer?
Is that you?
thanks for the tweet love anjali
There is an average of 3000 ft.
of electrical wiring in every car.
Wasn't expecting Rushton Rd to be dirt.
nevertheless ...
As my family sends me pictures of my adorable nephew I am fighting the urge to not put them all up.
This isn't an easy task he's very cute!
I know man, I feel you.
These new cats runnin wild out here...
The OG's need to start checkin fools in asap
lucky!!
D:
way to take a huge step in the wrong direction NC..
Gucci digital lol
They should call u Johnny Apple Seed.
Homecare services are becoming very popular as families are now able to get the level of service they would expect for their loved one
NF THX FOR THE FOLLOW RT FOR A S/O
The Mini Skirt in the 39Teenies39OASAP High Street Fashion Blog  tights and leggings
Offered free tickets and backstage passes to see Ronnie Milsap this weekend at BBQ fest.
My response depends on whether booze is free.
not awake well one of them might be tho the little ones were playing lady gaga on the ipod outside his room :
RT : Through the power of inquiry, you come to realize for yourself that you are love.
Theres nothing you can do about it.
Tip 176: I have learned many things in poker.
One is anger almost always leads to destruction in cards.
TILT 
i personally don't care if the emma and thing's true or not, as long as harry is happy i'm happy.
I love you harry forever :
...and a shot caller.
You could say that.
You do not know how hard I've worked to improve staff's photography skills!
The fool posted about it on another website.
Probably under a fake name
Partying at Brennan's!
Who are you rooting for in tonight's Oscars?
Psycho: Wonderful to watch this film for the first time in a movie theater.
People actually screamed during the stairs scene.
:
For our everlasting friendship, send sincere blessings and warm greetings to my friends whom I miss so much
are u and kiara dating?
Bro.
I was in 7 different dance off with people, and I lost to a Breaker and a tutter/popper.
They were DOPE.
Mm!
SEXY!
Get it, Phillip Phillips!
Me yelling at my tv I think only will understand my insanity on this.
Watch Bling on Netflix if you get a chance.
It's cool mayne.
Imma need you to report to a tap class immediately...
Not sure what it is called, but it is in the northeast corner of the market.
They are not to be missed :
I think I like Kim now!
:
when did you become a baller?
I'm so sore!!
im almost sure i posted when PS3 would be getting the map packs....
sorry if i didnt
sschat Cool momentmister.
Ballard, I like this game and it gets complicated.
Thanks, We are loving Do I Have a Right?
we can certainly help you out with killer deals on equipment
hi friend who you think cowboys are gonna doctorft tomorrow
I Put On Tupac Dear Mama And She Took The CD Out And Put On Mary J Blige It Was A Sign Of I Love You
Too lazy..
Yoga pants again
Celebrating 6 month anniversary, Valentine's Day and baby announcement with my boo
Thanks for the ff and for the caps.
You are such a pleasure to work with!
im sorry brielle:/ love u !!3 text me!
The wrong people always get with the right people  fuck it up for the people that was right for the right people!
I'll probably have to organize my own panel AGAIN, but I'm tired of chairing.
Update: its just lunch...: Broncos' Joe Ellis and Pat Bowlen just left Dove Valley together
Women who are making a difference in ebooks:
what about feminist/queer technology art?
Let's not leave out the making FemTechNet  feminism 2day shud include queer/trans
Have fun!
See if you can sit in for the daily QC sampling with John, Jim and the rest.
Good times.
I'm hiding
you know u gone have to slide me that picture you.got.on ya default
Congrats!
RT : We loved the story!
Many thanks!!
Bush insisted it would be impossible to know how much would be needed, so instead of including anything in the regular budget
BTW I did, or am doing, both!
I have to have 2 root canals tomorrow AND did harikari for my daughter's sake!
Find out
Sachem east field hockey playoffs
Congratulations!
You made the goal!
Can't wait for the EP series to begin!
6 Nights Left in our Apple A Day Giveaway!
Watch Big Bang Tonight  7  7:30  you could win the new iPad, a Macbook Air, or an iPod Touch!
I puss people off...oh well I'm here so deal with it.
he's tomorrow XD
Thanks for tightening up my locs.
You rock!!!
RT: : 2012 Camp Chat Transformation Trix Camp at the US OPEN at Walt Disney World July 11th12th!!!
Registration now open!!!...
isn't a user..
oops make that size 12 down to size 8 in 4 weeks.
correction.
however you want to measure that..either way, back to size 8 jeans!
thank you too for the follow and I appreciate the RT!
God bless!
Anyone have a good etsy shop for hair bows?
I don't want to pay 10 each, but do want some cuteness  durability.
All suggestions welcome!
wait till you see the next one ; I'm trying to make it to NAB, but I'm meet be on a feature.
I like sending out texts before I sleep that way I can wake up to some.
Finish the sentence: I could not live without my brand new......
we're getting married one day..
just thought I'd let you know.
.3
no not at all
Connecting the dots as the universe gives them to me...
Romney's life as a kid is who he truly is as an adult.
He still pushing and cutting his way through life.
Nope!
Just came to me out of the blue!
I should post to Pinterest though!
you have a point...
next time I might try to endure the sight long enough to snap one
Today is my wedding day.
So true!!
God is faithful to pour out is unconditional love, grace  mercy every single day.
We must learn to receive it!
:
Would be fun!
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others.
He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Street closed because five people were shot...
still not sure how to use this twitter thing  thanks to everyone who is following me  am working on following you back but not there yet
blogher11 tip: if you need to hide out, go to the men's room.
I have yet to encounter anyone in there.
that definitely doesn't go for you.
Focus on thinking.
thats one fucked up family stay away from the gene pool!
now that's LOVE
So you said I'm gonna read this story.
Don't like this feeling.
aww man the other ones are not funny though..
The salvation army one was though
xD true :p are you trying out for one of the major parts or a small part?
OKay my love
amazing new track great work on the new ep can't wait for the release
I finally get it socialmedia!
Cgrts on your success with Epiosolutions.
I'm in Seattle second week of June let's connect
RT  I might just cry right now lol
An opera doctorss should be arranged more for contrast with a crowd, than with reference to the individual taste.
Pull the trigger theres no pity for a coward
Wow...
Grandma and i have completely different political views...
Exact opposite
Thanks for the tunes Lisa.
Happy new year  have a good one!
Gotta feel Brewer Fever !
RT : our magic number is now 9.
ur addicted to twitter..
its ok i am too
Going to check out the shelter near by for kitties again, in the morning.
Big day!
Extra excited!
:
Thanks!
P.S.
We still need to grab lunch.
Pretty sure I had stopped watching by that time.
Anything before about '85 I probably saw.
finally we get a diva match
oh word, haha well its still a dope flip of that verse to dindi.
People.
people.
That is clearly MY COSTCO.
today is going to be the worst day ever.
We sometimes forget what God said: With God NOTHING shall be impossible
Lets get it poppin.
Wish!
73 of CEOs don't believe marketers contribute to the bottom line
Location 3: go find some bread where the samples are free outside our neighborhood bakery
Nice meeting both of you as well.
I'll be there!
x
Waiting w/Nick for bloodwork.
Love this tweet
Keep both out and go mcgahee?
His dancing tho.SO FUCKIN SEXY.
Eliminate preventive health care or close a loophole.
Hm.
Which one is more beneficial?
I believe all politicians are BRAIN DEAD!
ah sis do u do pop tracks to cuz i got dis banger pop/techno track dat a go crazy if u grace da hook wats da
great to see all of you in !
Goodbye buffalo, hello myrtle beach c:
oh god, haha 
So um..I LOVE YOU.
Kbye.
25k at dinner break.
Lost a stupid hand for a lot of chips
Thanks for helping us reach 700 Followers!
Great end to the week.
Kind of excited to run 3 miles tonight....this training has me motivated!
Thanks
Don't look for happiness.
Create it!
So sleepy but I have earrings to make...gotta get this money
Does anyone know of an open source survey tool that is relatively mature?
We're trying to find one to use in a techdelivered curriculum.
If a kid is late to his Special Education class, would it be appropriate to say he's tardy?
no jenna plz dont cut I need u hugs u tight
If you're in San Antonio, go check out and at CLUB ANTRO.
:
text me, 7863388603 :
I feel like im tweeting one of the boys cos you havent replied but your.sleeping so thats why.
i dont have a credit card
you definitely won't be getting any numbers during this shift!
Sorry I'm just a whiney shit.
I'va had that happen a lot.
!!!
RT : Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
TWAT!?
Dude you forgot me!!!
You're all I cared about.
I just feel like nobody likes me anymore bc i have a bf.: I'm glad i hav u!
hey my sexy I been missin u 
Acronym for FEAR is false evidence appearing real.
Look to Him to dispel your fears,  you'll see things exactly as they are.
I could care less if I deserve it.
Why'd I have to go and do you like that.
Thought I'd moved on, then you brought me right back....then I lost you.
darn it missed it....how was it?
your so welcome!
What's up tonight, OKC?
My Tile Tells me when FB notifications are pending.
Havent talked to the beautiful in a while : no bueno.
In general, I don't like bands with numbers in their name.
yeah...that would go over really well.
great show!
My fav pick of 35Denton !
White Orange and Ninja wowed the audience at The Agenda last night!
If you ever get a chance to see either of them, GO!
Life is nothing but full of BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!
hahaha I was gonna say something along those lines in my last tweet
gunna get judged like all you piece of shits do.
Dear Guys, Be careful what you say.
Always remember: A girl never forgets.
Tip 113: The doctornkers will almost always be more aggressive/calling stations.
No, price to high RT : Should Broncos consider moving up to Jaguars 7th pick for CB Stephon Gilmore?
I'm wondering who's number this is.
getting ready
always go for the nap.
IfITellYou to support RonPaul's message today and you don't, do I get to shake my head a decade from now when you realize your mistake?
Tassels, pasties, sock garters, pigtails...
IDGAF!
: If I was hoping to upset Floyd Mayweather, I'd wear pink socks too.
My timeline is full of instagram pics ...
Hope all yall following me
love it.lol
The only thing sadder than Michael Jackson's death is MTV's coverage.
Make that noncoverage.
Make that complete ignorance of the story.
Your so nice, your going to be a great mom.
.
thinks you should nix the MJ and play Whitney Houston instead.
And Willie Nelson.
um asking lol
Haha.
Only if I can teach you how to dougie at the same time.
RT teach me how to tweet :
Contemplating getting a new laptop tomorrow cuz this shit ain't finna get it
The rain season is a little early here...
You dye your hair yet?
; It was in my DMs .
Which is to say that BC is pretty much whatever you want.
Next one at Substantial is 1/18, you should come.
Thanks for following me!
Tune in to The Savvy Money Show  iTunes  Blogtalkradio.com.
Affordable ad rates  show sponsorship!
Wrung out.
oh man have we been there!
Love that ferry ride and it's a perfect day for it.
A really busy person never knows how much he weighs.
Glad you like it!
meowiora .
That feeling of laying down in your bed at night :
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
My Money On Mayweather
RT : Get a Kindle Fire on Black Friday?
Preorder this companion now!
My Amazon Kindle Fire by Jim Cheshire...
No fucking trust
J Cole be that nigga .
SuperBowl Not even Cee Lo can save this halftime.
Calling me fake,stupid,weak,ugly or poor won't make you real, Smart,Strong,Beautiful or rich
oh okay!
Alrighty.
Beautiful day for Keeneland
I know that You will never forsake me in my weakness.
Genius idea!
RT : I need a video editing tool that automatically removes the uhhhs and ummms  geez!
Considering we evolved in Africa, I propose that Africa's new slogan be Africa: Get Erect!
Sleeping tonight is prob out of the question.
tickets for 3/12 vs Philly.
I have 91 seats for 25 each.
Let me know how many you need!
those doctorsses are HOT!
Another awesome staff meeting!
I love Miles Austin.
Bahaha !
I love it.
I do the same thing with a pile of roast beef.
I think that the residue left over from McLouth in 2009 is gone from the fan base.
Blow that candle out
are you guys having problems streaming?
Can't get anything to play : just keeps bringing me back to my homepage
I try to be positive, but the pistons suck...
AmWriting on the back deck, listening to the birds sing.
Wonderful!
This descent has narrow roads
Zac Efron is without a doubt a babe.
JUST SAYING.
Therapy was invented in the sixties, do you know what invented means?
It means it doesn't exist.
What is up with all these scumbags who follow with no tweets and a link that takes you to justhookup.
Get rid of them
Thanks so much for the follow  we love your bikes  and your STYLE!
yess!
Pretty excited :
I like your picture...very artsy : 
I'm sorry baby :
I want to know if sex can cure a headache.
My sisters came out so pretty, why didn't I ?!
:o
I'm weird.
I'm gifted.
I hate bitches.
I'm actually nice.
I am Godfearin
your still pretty!!.MEMBER THAT!!!
Excited to be joining Obama campaign's digital advertising team in Chicago!
Guess that means time for new Twitter handle
Spring clean garage and doctorveway before cleaning carpets to avoid tracking of oil and tire tracks into home.
vegaspressurewashing.com
So apparently I have a really weak Rotator Cuff....and if I dont get it fixed soon my shoulder is going to blow out.....GREAT.
the are horrible!!!!!
and without Rodgers will only make it more difficult for them
King's Court goes wild with Ks!
Mariners /via go Mariners.
No Selenski expert, but Alward's methods seem stranger.
RT : None of his were near as impressive as Hugo Selenskis' one.
Mary J.
Blige, looks to good for her age.
Researching RV parks.
Gotta admit: This is a new one for me.
: Frommer's
Happy mothers day to 3 hope you have a good day!:
That's an ironic tweet coming from someone with a Twitter avatar picture like yours.
I can't wait for ToroSushi tonight.
It's been way too long!
Sounds Like Flynn working deal out with Miami.
if its on twitter it aint no secret in my eyes
Organometallic Chemistry News: MetalCatalyzed NitrogenAtom ...
where are you located?
I'm so goddamn tired.
oh the joys of being sick..
:P
if it smells amazing, why you put that face  
ugh , why now 
How come when you make porn films you're automatically a star?
Just a thought.
LOL.
Niggas can't do what i do how i do it.
Arancini Con RaguFried Risotto Cake Stuffed w Braised Veal, Italian Cheeses, Baguettes, Poached Eggs, Arugula and Porcini Mushroom Sauce.
I can't wait to get my passport.
I'm spending my weekends in Canada and brushing up on my french.
From the actions stems the doctoram again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living
Andy Russell in app challenge  adults can doctorve, kids can't  gps journal, photo sharing, kid navigation
I really don't want to go to class today.
Ugh
There's a likelihood they still make it with a different name that doesn't make it seem like Aqua Man's.
you are hard to find at catalyst.
Ford rescue concept truck pressed into service to help tornado ...
Would have been good if I was in the market
i SAY THAT BECAUSE 00MF TWEETED: i L00SE MY ViRGiNiTY AT 14.
i WAS LiKE WHAT?
THAT D0NT MAKE SENSE!!!!!
You'll like the book I'm finishing.
4 teens climbing Everest, two of them boys plus a teen boy Sherpa.
Rehearsals start this week for the Evanston Symphony Orchestra.
Liszt, Schubert and Dvorak are on the first program.
my best was my Dad  Mom not spending money they didn't have, my worst was seeing my mom's tears.
you forgot me :
this luk like a 2k game
we can leave it at good day.
nobody wants you when your down and out....
like mine?
I have to be honest with you coffee.
Sometimes I question wether or not you really want to be my friend.
Smiling is my favorite exercise......
When you bend over to jump of the block and your suit splits uhoh tellmewhyipaid300forthissuit!
I'm just so happy to see one of your tweets, don't care if that sounds dirty
hello!
What's up?
:
aww noo hey lets have a conversation on twitter?
That would be amazing :
Greenerprinter.com online printed products very reasonable pricing and practicing a green manufacturing method that is VERY imisterssive.
LMAO I LOVE THIS WOMAN SO MUCH
nowwatching Say Yes to the doctorss
I wish I had a dad.
who wouldn't want my life .
Its fucking awesome
Check out www.artforransom.org and stay tuned.
Metta has the chance to show some class with an apology to Harden tnight, instead he says he doesn't shake reserves hands  Not surprised.
Saruh sucks at telling me pick up lines.
CIO Quote of the Day: I feel like Ive come full circle right back to end user computing
yea it was and my phone broke dnt have the number
I thought the filmmakers brought to question their own unbalance representation of the story.
CLIPPERS GAME DAY!!!
Game 7  Clips in Memphis 10:00 AM on ABC or listen on KFWB 980 AM.
Wow Barcelona had a top 10 play and Messi wasn't involved
I suck at lying :3
The police department needs to foster trust with its citizens to change things.
Treat your community well.
Baltimore Major Russell
that and black hookers.
but mostly black hookers.
Just whatever you do, don't open the bedoctorom closet.
I'm trying to get some z's.
And I'm loosening all your heels.
Creme brulee!
Couldn't pinpoint it until just now.
Cracking the thin shiny ice that has formed on the snow  like cracking the burnt sugar.
Protein shakes are so god
slept all day and had fever doctorams, godamn sickness, its always March that does it.
In remembrance of 9/11 we will be recognizing a day of silence.
There will be no posts from us tomorrow.
Back on the 12th.
Thank you.
we all have past...
It helps make us who we are today
u got a new single u pushing?
GUYS, DON'T GET TOO EXCITED FOR THE 1D CHICAGO SIGNING.
IT MIGHT NOT BE TRUE.
DONT GET YOUR HOPES UP JUST YET.
Forever, and ever, the scars will remain.
I'm falling apart.
Leave me here forever in the dark.
If you're going to regress, might as well do it infinitely.
i may or may not have had a cookie for breakfast.
i'm just saying.
that might have happened.
lol dude ima beat u up now
Just ran into my pal at
Why hate people like !!
If you dont no the real them, just what people say bout them !
Than your a
Felicia only likes basketball because she likes balls between her legs.
lolol
Smart placement  full Spanish ATT ad runs on English ESPN during ManchesterDerby halftime.
Mike Mayo is an idiot.
Break up the greatest bank franchise ever?
CITIGROUP?
What is his issue?
And News Corp.'s Fox News?
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 28
IM SO SORRY AUSTIN!
; holy crap I'm crying.
She's in a better place now..
RIPAngel /3
I know at least 10 people who have become OBSESSED with these cookies in the past week.
Cookinsanity?
Thx4 following me.
Everyone follow FF.
We disagree often but the more opinions the better.
caan u give me a shout out for my burfday on saturday : !!!
I'm so mad I didn't stay for finals...
grr could'veran
The extra B is for BYOBB.
That extra B is a typo
over time, you realize that life throws more than just curveballs.
it's all about the adjustments you make as the game goes on that matters.
Turning my phone off so I don't say something I'll regret.
Thank you for being there.
3
lol.
Just like everyone else?
and still no video reply :
RPTSealy loses perch as rivals tap into Boomers' health fears
RT : Thanks for putting in the work Coach!
Another Night W/O Her  Ugh , Goodnight World 
: no?
Sorry D: see ya soon
hey girl how are you, why wernt you at school today 3 ya
Kids, all our apps will be educational.
Wait, there's one where you catch ice cream  dodge onions?
Well, we have to get THAT one.
Walking the interactive floor at
great work!
I love it!
Greetings back at ya Manuel
Capful of vinegar in the water will help keep all the white together.
Love how the lawyer from Always Sunny is in these Quicken Loans commercials, and flagrantly carries lobster claws around fancy restaurants.
This training was org by the fund for Ed excellence, youn audience of md, arts everyday, and gbca.
Heading to Dallas to flip  burn cars.
Celebrating the NBA Championship!
Go Mavs!
;
I want a he 99 body style lol this bike is too fast and I can't keep it under 80 so I think it's best TJ live a few more years
lol i like it!
RT Carnival CHI tonight w/ 2nite!
Carnival Choreographer's Ball Chicago conta.cc/qrnyA2!
Be there!
did u c any of the movies
Overtime vs Cal Poly?
This is when you need Nate Goertz on speed dial.
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to meeting you!
Midlakes Basketball: Team went bowling together after practice tonight...what a great time!
Start studying her heart, instead of her booty an maybe invest the same amount of time in her as you do in call of duty
success in life can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations he or she is willing to have great words
Bout to head to the cafe
happy valentines day rene
And we're back on!
Snow day cancelled.
Y Perkins keep shooting them hard ass bricks lmao
Washing dishes 
Watching Yanks.
What is his prob today?
At the WSWA Show in Orlando, FL!
thank you, ma'am.
Good luck ppl hu take SPM tomorrow result is coming out
The coffee this morning from Donut Plant tastes like it was filtered through some fat guy's sport sock.
Blech.
cooking my famous Mexican rice
fitful?
light?
dirt?
; keep up the good work and by all means rest.
RT ; who else thinks I should take a nap?
RT : VOTE for  he's definitely the hottest chef in Portland, hands down!
bit.ly/yofrrK
He take you thru certain struggles to humble you first bcuz everybody cant go thru certain situations and.
Remain humble
Clearly it's a winning strategy.
A lot of bitches at my school have burgundy hair
Fred Whitehead's tshirtsocialism: spreading the wealth since 1917
seems to be the norm these days....
I know...
And I have this amazing idea for our underground garden.
I think this confirms it needs to be publicly accessible!
Do you have the right guy?
; Thanks Brian!
too kind
Girl, The Queens made me love every bit of this African descended body.
professorChris Simpson sees ties between the newspaper crisis and the tensions in the function/future of higher ed.
It's definitely karma.RT : I'm assuming this phone thing is karma for not meeting in person at
CORRECTION: FREE CONCERTS WED 10/12 530p Organ Music  St.
John Evang.; 730p Ensemble Plus Ultra  Boston Coll classicalscene.com/calendar/
Thanks for the welcome!
I'd love to write about your site sometime in January!
What a great and pertinent subject!
and did I mention that they r Spectacular!!
WOW.
Still can't believe ur single!
Teen boys who have been sexually assualted are less likely to disclose yet more likely to have multiple sex partners and unprotected sex.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.
Phillips Brooks
thank you so much!
we've been working very hard to get this all together!
ktco  The QOTW: Whats the biggest complaint your customers have about your biz?
Another beautiful day in the neighborhood
i just got mine a few weeks ago...
Twitter on the phone is better than on the computer
yes please lol
You see the sky cant be this gray forever, just fill your head with something clever.
They would be.
lol of course you would.
I don't know about me though I don't like him in that way.
:/
i don't know arabic that well so um go easy on me lol
Playoffs with new NHL schedule will be epic.
Period.
lol well i just saw that pic and i was pissed and um i don't know who saw it or knew first but it's like all over twitter so...
Lol 2omf's funny, they got they own rap name going.
Hello, that was my review of Third Star!
Thanks for watching
LSCON check out hole in the wall experiments.
Is education still necessary?
When I tell oomf that misterOsen said he wants to marry me  LMFAO 
Good to know!
Thanks for sharing..
DNA shows connects Taylor's death to Douglas Thames, who is serving a life sentence for another murder/rape
Bridge is Over, CMW  Who's F Who, EL P  7700 Years to Date, Common  The Bitch in Yoo, Tim Dog  F Compton
In the studio today trying some new soundbanks.
Hit me up if you tryna get in the booth
My favorite has always been Rouge.
But I'd probably make a better Jean Grey...
Let's be honest.
How do you do
: I did!
Did it not send?
you dont like me cuz i smoke weed..
oh well keep it movin den
This time last year I was in Miami
How do you measure the success of your events?
I hope it is NOT only in numbers.
The problem with various Across the Curriculum programs is the acronyms: Writing  WAC InfoLit would be ILAC
Hi, Jim.
Can I get your email please so I can tell you about a project I'm working on?
Looking for an advisor.
Thank you.
we do make soy biscotti candles...no kiddin
is enjoying some RR and design time in Indianapolis.
Nice start to a Sunday afternoon game.
Keep it up
Morning time!
On the bus right now.
Its freeezzing.
those are sweet, what they sound like on the pavement though lol
social media is awesome!
Jimi James is bringing herA game TONIGHT!!!
At WITZEND
Tell obama I need a bail out....
oh lol you right, especially because it's your name haha
yah I can tell u barely fit in ur professorle pic lol
BYE GUYS!!
I'M GOING TO SLEEP NOW COZ TOMORROW WE'LL FLY TO CEBU SO UNFORTUNATELY, I WON'T BE ON TOMORROW  I GONNA MISS YOU TWEEPLE!
ILY
Amazing night at the AFTH.
Congratulations
see you in the a.m.
for more expo stuff ..
good night
can you come to teenfest ???
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated.
Have a great weekend!
I'm not in rehab, jail, or the hospital, so I know it's going to be a good day!
Have fun.
Give us all a wave and go Aiden!!!!!!!!
When I was in HS I listened to Peter Paul and Mary  copied down all the notes from the stereo.
I formed a trio and imitated them exactly
We gotta step up a Skype Date I miss and Love you tell moms I love her :
Just had my first phising text message.
Didn't know that was even on the radar.
Happy Birthday, Mother Monster!
Just got off the phone wit the baby, ya I love that fucking man so much...valentines day ready
am i the only one who had no idea men in black 3 is being release??
original came out when I was 11.
I feel so old...
Hopefully soon!
Never been out west before Ubuntu Could Summit would be a great reason been an Ubuntu user for 7 years now
Could pretty much care less about the Redskins  but to give up three 1 picks and 2 for RG3...wow.
That's a lot to move up four spots.
BCSChampionship LSU has to put Lee in ...
Don't they??
Baron, need some knicks tickets!!
gotta see you play!
If you stacked 12 billion Budweiser longneck bottles end to end it would reach 1.7 million miles, or to the moon and back three times....
Looks yummy!
At RR Burger works finally....yum
People were more inclined to have sex with jesus' body back then due to poor nutrition
i can't find her :o
AxeOff USA is a monthly Guitar playing competition.
Hard Rock Caf is a Platinum Sponsor  will host the event in New Orleans.
AxeOffUSA.com
It's at my friends place.
They live 5 blocks from me.
They are supplying grilling meats and I'm bringing booze.
It's a party!!
You think he didn't?
But like I said earlier, I gotta get up with u sometime this week or next.
Don't bring the sensitive joint
It's a bitch sometimes, isn't it?
He can only do upgrades/installs/mods on weekends and long holiday weekends.
Sucks...
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl in the world3 my soulmate 3
We think they are divine, but don't just take our word for it...
RT : yum!
That looks divine!
It's damn near time to call it a night.
I hate lying.
Not only because its bad lol, but because I have to remember the damn story i once told, which more than likely i forgot..
Happy Friday the 13th!
Perfect day for a 5 martini or mimosa on our patio.
My wife  my dog are so good to me, but complete opposites.My dog doesn't mind if I use soap  loves when I leave lots of stuff on the floor
Check out my site.
Lets blaze!
yes!!
Can't wait!
banished me from the room for farting.
Ugh, I had to put a password on my phone 
Momma McGuiness is so pretty!
her and Jay's picture....3
nuggets aren't meant for sharing!
thought I did something that would make a change.
But I guess the effort wasn't good enough.
My dog and I were laying down then my mom went down stairs and so my dog went with and now I'm cold
The perfect week...What!
Why is every man hitting on me today?
I have the best man ever!
I love u Jason!
wish we could but we're only in town for 12 hours!
You come to us!
Its forever us against them all.
I'd like 2 get in on that ...
success!
I got my coldfusion thingey to work.
might be good if I RTM, huh?
The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost
We work these long nights long nights to get a pay day...
Have a super day!
Thanks to those motherfuckers from THE FP  , and  for making 2011 more badass!
thanks so much for the RT ;
Help our friends : 32 Bubbles Car Wash tickets for our summer fundoctoriser!
Get yours at Central City CoOp Wednesday!
These stories Rachael is telling me 
...She's like This is what u should be doing on a special day such as today, to me, nonetheless i'm a no good daughter, but I Love U, mom!
It's such a beautiful day.
You can't help but to be happy!
wat if i get a friend who needs benifits
Congrats to on their 5th anniversary.
Great peeps, great party, and live, to boot.
Nice.
It's a great tool for attendees to network
sxpubtrans How to get transit info to ppl without smart phones: if you have one, share the info with those around you.
Yes, talk to ppl.
ThingsWhitePeopleSayToBrownPeople Please, I am sorry !
Please take anything just don't hurt me !!!
.....
oh your my friend?
Awkward.
One of our favorite commercials of the night!
Honey, I shoulda been done with you a long time ago.
Gots me a REAL friend ;
It's Friday....
Time for sharktank.
Watching Airbedz now.
God CANNOTWILL NOT fail u!
God's NOT a man that He should lie!
Believing it'll do more good than u can imagine!
Snow snow go away.
Where are all my fans at?!
I'm curious to try the Nike Fuelband!
Hmm.
I see a price/feature comparison spreadsheet in my future.
Happy Rainy Wednesday!!!
fastforward through ALL the commercials!
:P
KMSL at that damn She keeps me laughing.
Thanks for such an amazing community!
We have classroom teachers, parents, kids, and even neighbors showing support.
Wow!
they land at the same time HEH.
Even if they were different weight though
Hey ...you still dead sexy?
No way.
I thought that was you.
Kudos to Jonathan!
s/o to my new follower
Good feedback.
OMG its Too Cute Tuesday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio bring a friend get lashes or arch 4 special price.
Located on 8mile in Detroit
Currently where this man is singing and playing guitar badly.
I'm one and done as far as kids goes lbvs
Isn't that like college?
lol luckily for the good stuff my professor were interesting
So March is coming in like a lion.
Of course it is!
instead of tip, hire this librarian please!
composer's breakfast: toast, 2 emergenc packets and a handful of advil.
5 TALL smirnoff cocktails, 3 Powers shots, 3 Rumchata shotsd and 1 OLD MIL CANS.
Saturday night specials till close.
Cheers
Just saw Transformers.....
Lesson of the day trust nobody.....
If I link to it, I know all about it.
I swears.
8:30am ET as he is every Monday with us.
Tune in
Memorial beats Sun Prairie 6853.
Well...chat's over so Im just gonna get off and watch the Knicks game I guess...1 last shoutout to for my nice new BG!
:D
HI :D
Know of any fun bars/lounges in Columbus, OH?
and I do believe that will be there as well, correct?
ag
Florence  The Machine are here, party is back on
RT : Tennessee playing overtime like the SEC Tourney is being played in the Georgia Dome.
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance.
Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations.
If people love their life so much why do they spend so much time worrying about other peoples lives 
can u tell me more?
lol I use to love beyonce.
Nope not now lol
haha..why do u think I enjoy visiting so many schools?....aside from the kids/education..it's the doctorving...feels like NASCAR!
And every girl I try to replace u wit why can't I get over it
I'm higher than any other.
Wow.
I sure have been getting those lyrics wrong.
Sorry, Nicki.
.
.
Late night watching a pretty doctorsses SYTTD hehehehe
is buried under a pile of textbooks and energy doctornks miles high, trying to claw her way out.
Please send help!
hahah!
I didn't think I was getting it for another week  pleasant surprise!
RT I'm still Confused Now' ::::
GifBoom is amazing!
:
Spring time!
Lets wear some fun colorful makeup to match the pollen :
Are you at bmorehistoric?
Use the hash tag, tell us what you're doing.
North Carolina quinoa salmon microgreen salad printwork bistro amazing
that video was deep go peep my vids out on youtube type walkerboyz
i know right?!
D: it will be some funky smellin' lookin' Chia...: hahaha
Great show yesterday on Bill Heywood
is really going to miss the ash tree that fell on the deck today
Check out the FluentBus tonight hitting all the major parties including Thrillist / Spotify at Rattle Inn that we are sponsoring!!!
Thanks to the fine lassies of Bend OR for the hospitality.
Why is it so hard to find words beginning with letter l?

but, see, if you're Chinese as is Lily Marie, that would set a dangerous precedent!
Holy cow!
Is it a respectable offer?
Just quoted you for my FB status.
You're the reason I like Twitter.
Normal cholesterol and blood fat levels will help prevent heart disease and stroke, the biggest health problems for people with diabetes
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Japanese Proverb
Lunchtime and then I'll be speaking about why I'm running for congress
Nothin beats a great tasting soap!!
The Monkees  I'm a Believer
no problem u get the track it was sent to your email?
My maternal grandmother had 8 childoctorn, her last one at age 47.
The last one was the only one born in a hospital.
This blows my mind.
I am what I am, u did what u did Im glad Im not a sinner baby coz he's a twist U r what u r I saw what I saw Com as ur master n ur the bitch
Invites to our 2 contest will be comng soon  Free laptop, and Fre Pro Video Camera!
www.workforbooks.com pls RT
I tried to explain my wetnap fascination and but it just made me sound like a mom, right ?
Everyone go check out she is working hard to get more followers!
Keep it up RObot!
Archer season 2, hitting close to home: My plan is to crowdsource a plan.
Response: Thanks, Noam Chomsky.
Hey Corbin here ;
did you get Ben and Jerry's ice team yet?
:D
Man I haven't been on twitter in the longest.
Cast  Crew Screening this evening.
Everything is looking FABULOUS.
Cannot wait to share our hard work with all of you!
Didn't have time to get there today, but sounds like they will tomorrow!
Who Ever Goes And Follows My Home Girl will get a shoutout from Me :
Just my thoughts, that's just how I see it.
indeed.
PS: you should come visit.
RT : does G also make us all crazy?
Sometimes even a sm advocate gets overloaded.
Too many tools in the toolbox?
Steven Tyler looks like a human doctoram catcher....
Giving up my 2nd Saturday night/Sunday off in a row for family: Pirates baseball game tonight, Nemacolin Mother's Day Brunch tomorrow.
Boo.
It's difficult to continue your admiration and appreciation of one's artistic talents when they keep posting their personal political views.
Yeah?
How'd you know this?
Thanks for the follow.
I'm intrigued by your background image.
Do you have any video of yourself AirplaneGolfing?
Did you know that the founder of www.shastic.com is a musician too?
Must have been nice to be by your old gym.
Blessings on the new spot!!
I gotta get my tail in there and we can talk!
It's true though!
haha
awsome i live in new york but i wud plan to be there in the 31st :
what's more important: the best UX possible on mobile?
or creating content that be easily accessed and shared without a software install?
Been planning our exhibition opening on July 6th !
oh how I love you;
taking over the greater eastern seaboard with
After a tiring but fun night last night, just woke up now to chinese food given to me from mommybear.
Going back to sleep soon.
:/
are you then going to pick up a mask as well!??!?
looks like the everfabulous and are gonna come through for me.
Will keep u posted on the haul.
;
We're now accepting suggestions for our next Black History Month film.
Let us know what you'd like us to review.
listening to the APR co hort group
Greatness is fortitude in failure, and temperance in success.
Manly P Hall
The difference in difficulty between the summer classes im takin  state school vs.
Kings is insane.
I literaly would be valavictorian here.
Spit yo game, talk your shit
i passed up some really good young ladies
so good!
what's going on tonight??
I'm so excited so many people are talking about the show on twitter.
It's making me blush a bit
Marina Wilbur: Dancer, instructor left her footprints in many ballrooms
Heeyyy!!!
Lol miss u too!
Everything Is good my way..how have u and the fam been?
The Japanese Giant Hornet shoots flesh eating bacteria and usually aims for your eyes...
Huh!?
Kills 40 people per year on avg.
in Japan...
Done with classes!
On to projects!
Next up: Director's Showcase!
This day has felt long.
Perhaps because I have a book at home begging to be read.
the first finochiona i've tasted was while working in Florence.
Spreadable  course  same time.
Is it coarse  cypress?
is sleepy.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
One, men will screw anything.
Death is the destination we all shareSteve Jobs 2005 Stanford commencement addoctorss.
Rest in Peace.
I was marketing and anthropology major in college.
TO put it simple, anthro made me a happy person.
This is me taking my own advice.
I'm going to not freak out about this, and accept things as they are.
No reason to make things complicated.
they starved u to death on senior trip!
Everyone watch runningwilde tomorrow so doesn't kill himself.
He'll do it.
He's serious.
THANKS CHIEF.
Flirting  being friendly are not the same thing
Cool job alert RT Looking for intern resume  letter why it shud be U
idk if I told you but I very much like your taste in music
He walks over to Anita who shrinks in terror.
He chucks her under the chin.
THE MOVIE MAN
RT : I totally just tripped tweeting
HappyBirthday.
Enjoy today!!
Wish today was special.
Follow me buddy.
Grizzles HOME TEAM do your shit!
I assume shit, when it's obvious .....
Great to hear!
RT : we had a blast last night!
been telling everyone to check out the Nitrocream!
let's do it again soon!
I didn't even think of coffee.
I should have though but was so out of it.
That was scary.
I don't know how people could TBC
The gosling flies over the Pacific, and comes home a goose.
Hey Jozy my name Julian Paz i am a huge fan of u iam playing fo high school and i am 17
Thanks for the tweet at 140 today, it was a great day to hang with passionate people
Here at the first special education advisory committee for my school district.
Will see what info they have.
last day of school then spring breakk:
Arranging aerial photo flight for later this week.
Best time to fly is usually after a storm.
Who the fck is him?
dead
we need to take a zoo date!
Look.
Under.
Your.
Bed.
Great day for rest, cardio, and food prep.
I love Sundays!
Good luck to all of the oscar nominees tonight.
FF A GREAT Website Design starts w/a Great Logo Design!
...Don't have one?
Hit up my girl  she'll take great care of you!
hahaha you're  taco bell?
i sent it to you on facebook because twitter wasnt working at school.
Aw I missed you, but if you ever try and pull my weave out again i'll fuck you up beyond anything.
We're going to be doing a ticket giveaway on Friday for Saturday's show at the iLounge.
Find out more at our facebook page www.com/jwshowsmi
Bryce Harper is not fazed by The Show with a laser throw to home plate.
Impressive debut.
Navy Seals took care of 'em
RT : RT : I'm so happy tomorrow is Monday!
whoa, Tyler!
That's my people!
My hometown is about an hour from Tyler.
Yay!
Knock 'em dead.
I know you will.
;
but i cant complain
I didn't say that O.o WTF!?
Sometimes when u expect the very worst the universe surprises u with good news.
: This can only mean that I will be hit by a bus 2morrow.
I wish I owned The Usual Suspects.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 55 to 61.
Light...
Team USCanada!
Gold Medal Guarantee!
Wait
One fun thing about having a crappy car is abruptly shutting off the air conditioner on the highway and pretending you have a hyperdoctorve
She gotta car a job a swagg she STUNTIN!She pay her own bills cause she got her own money!She the type dont never ask for nothin!
I want a really greasy cheeseburger with extra bacon and extra cheese.
Omg i want somethig sweet so badd
New Airport PR.
Woke up, packed, and got to the gate in 35 minutes, shattering my old 30 minute door to door.
BandsILove oh...
and White Eskimo too :
He was, of course, an actor.
By which I mean waiter.
Star Ships Where Met To Fly, BoyzAreBack it's your birthday !
time for fan girling!
!!!
woot woot
Who are your top 5 Ravens alltime players with 1 being your top pick?
Noice!!
RT : Windows down..getting DQ and listening to ...this feels like Summer.
I love it!
HM.
My podcatcher didn't seem to work this morning.
whoops that one slipped
Pittsburgh on my mind.
Coming home tonight
I can't believe tomorrow is 's last day at school.
So many tears are going to be shed it's not even funny.
gonnamisher 
Win bets sir!
Hey guys for those who havent figured it out yet my facebook was hacked.
If ur my friend on their delete my old pgs to avoid gettin hacked!
thanks  always good to know what others do
AZ PartyLife is in full force tonight!
This is gonna be so big the walls are gonna fall down....
Cream Stereo Lounge 10pm2am No Cover
any suggestions?
Learning about the reproductive system in health,
Sometimes, you just need a little Handel.
Add in a healthy dose of Emma Kirkby and you know everything's gonna be okay...
Howard Stern is the next TODAY show segment!
Can't get Tumblr working on my Blackberry, nor Wordpress mobile.
Hahahaa Wait for it as a middle name.
Last day for Seniors.
They are having a raging party in the bathroom.
RETWEET ONLY if you follow back
Ok, where you hiding mister Pike?
New weight loss idea: watch an entire episode of dora at full volume, no bathroom breaks.
Not unless you're on the south side.
But you did give me the idea though.
Some guy down the street found a bag with 66k in it.
I take that same route everyday after work.
We aren't related but friends :
Amazing video shoot for mouseymcglynn.
Post soon.
tell Terry I said happy mothers day!
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY AS WELL AS HAPPY SINGLES AWARENESS DAY...
Happy 48th birthday Stephen.
Keep the fire extinguisher by the birthday candles
It is a beautiful day in Houston and the roof is closed at Minute Maid Park for today's Cardinals  Astros game.
Teaching CE for insuranceprofessorssionals in Park Ridge, IL today.
Happy to help the Niles PDES office.
Beauitifal fall morning.
So sorry to hear that.
Give the family our best, and tell them to hang in there!
I know lol just come bro.
Whenever
I'm outside they haven't got here yet hoe!
ahaha...
i cant tell you how to live life.
There's 3 grocery stores and over a dozen smaller markets.
went to gym and managed to lose 300 calories!
yay haha :D
so freaking true!!!!!
WE HAVE A SPECIAL EVENT IN APRIL, 2012 FEMALE LAWYERS FOR OBAMA IN SEWALL'S PT, FLORIDA.
YOU  FAMILY ARE INVITED
Gotta set up my Home Game on Poker Stars...I think it's going to be fun!
Who wants to play??
Glenfiddich 15 yr, really takes the doctorve to do more programming out of you.
If I was smoking a cigar I'd probably just call in tomorrow.
don't worry baby, everything will turn out alright...
Morning Bear and Bull Family!!!
Take me by the tongue and I'll know you.
Kiss me till you doctornk and I'll show you.
All the moves like Jagger.
I got the moves like Jagger.
She looks gorgeous!
:
There's no feeling quite like finishing writing the last lecture of the semester.
Taking my daughter to a bday party.
Fans of Kristy Swanson or Scott Schwartztriple dog dare kid in Xmas Story, they're at Collectables store 21144 Ventura Bl, Woodland Hills
Hopefully the Edwin Maysonet Golden Era lasts longer than Josh Wilson's did last season.
hi, i'm emily and i am now obsessed with the hunger games.
Our theme for St.
Pattys is Wines Not from Ireland
Participating in a new universitywide Social Media Council!
Very exciting!
Still workin' for the weekend?
A trip to the Grind will undoubtedly help get you there!
I suggest a redeye if you're running on empty.
ik im late but you welcome gorgeou'z MWUAH
oh yeah shes mah other half.
She would cry if i didnt qo.
And yeah i went....
Y??
Oh and y qet a lot buq bites there.
redlegs win now i need a tribe win and today is a success
hey whats up?
Sales guy went on to say: There's no way you can prove you did anything for these people.
Indirectly insulting...
and hilarious
Finally made if through 34 executive summaries for the UW business plan competition.
Pretty impressive group this year.
we bout to have these music videos poppin too oooowiiee yall aint even ready for it!!!
Nigga tell me why Im bumpin that right now.
We think fuckin alike
what u always say and to hang with my friend and then go home and sleep
Help...help me please
How much do you like the creeper spot, ????
I quit rhyming for awhile.
this was while working on album, so it was my fault
Getting ready for childoctorn and teen recital tonight.
I need an assistant
Somebody tonight spent several minutes telling me how pretty I am.
And I'll tell you in complete honesty, it was the best thing ever.
Ha.
Pretty sure it's not possible.
Cats are not born neurotic.
They usually become so a few minutes after birth.
Stephen Baker, How to Live with a Neurotic Cat
smart thinking.
TRAFFIC: Road Closed WB Hwy 18/151  PB  Emergency crews still on the scene, traffic getting thru slowly on the shoulder
Had a very bad experience with National Car Rental.
Will never rent from them again  very poor customer service!!!!!!!
Kristi!!!
Thanks girl!!
How is it going in JA, I need to catch up, way behind on blogs with this daytime job!
Interesting match Manchester City Vs
: I'm singing a whale song.
TeamOrca lol!what do u mean!?and what!!??!
I'm sorry to hear that but you have the right attitude.
Do your thing girl, you're pretty awesome
in the town where I was born for a few days, don't get here often, it's cool to imagine how I'd be if I'd never left
I didn't take my meds today...
Tomorrow!
I'll let ya know :
I hate embarrassing myself :
last week before prom
They say life's a trip, I'm just trying to make mines 1st class..
lol, I meant to say Ok sawa
i'll sing you a lullaby, go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep my little curly haired beauty!
:
so how is your popular twitter life going ?
miss 1180 followers !
its kinda like hearing For Whom The Bell Tolls ....Daily!
First day on set as a UNION actor!!!
Working on The Good Wife.
As should.
She can even have my room all to herself if she wants.
jus got back from takin my mama n grandma to kaze'
meow meow meow meow.....im a pretty pretty dogy
Dutch studies journal Dutch Crossing announces plans for Dutch art issue in 2012!!!
Ride that Hawg Big Momma a.k.a
This is me studying
news organizations don't get it when they ask reporters not to break news on twitter.
You're welcome!
We enjoy seeing your updates that are helpful to our audience.
Oh my these doctorsses are hideous.
So much for the fabulously fashionable 1920s haha
Skyrim 1.4 patch now available for PC  soon on 360  PS3
Work from home again  jackpot.
Actually, I was thinking of building a sort of memory palace of rooms in my various grandparents' apartments, all long gone...
Timbers game telecast about the begin on Root Sports.
Dare I say Timbers come away with their first road win of the season?
nothing I've found that has worked.
I used to use alteril which is a natural thing, but I grew out of it.
Nothing works for me
thx, one of my biggest issues  IMO biggest barrier to monetizing sponsor/partner deals on SM
Yay!
Hi babe!
: Walking by and thinking of my girl
Off to the market in Santa Monica to see what's on the menu today.
They're in tonight's mail!
Thanks for your order.
How late is open?
if at Topez Lashay video shoot.
Pictures coming soon
Yes, yes they did
loved him back in Boston.
I'd give my left nut to see you in Celtic green some day
My boyfriend is precious.
3 .
Don't wanna be here.
Only if they go back to Presidents Day weekend
Do you actually know when they're going to do live chat?
What a nice classroom.
Too bad you had to Photoshop yourselves in since you can't actually take pics in class
lucky dog!
Enjoy and go O's!
Use both hands, baby.
smirks
Boy, Procol Harum's Broken Barricades, man...if there's ever a song that sends me 10 different places at once...
watched the state of the union in the lounge cos that's how does it!
aww yeah!
glad you liked the piece!
squeezing shampoo out of the bottle hurt my forearm this morning...
My reference quest for the day: Lakeview Bakery  Deli
with no Braces?
HOT3
I miss the smell of yeast when doctorving into milwaukee
so true!
Wish he'd run third party.
paying 30 referral fee to real estate professorssionals, please refer clients to me if they they are moving to Dallas Texas ph
Daily, life's a difficult job, you get bored, you lose the design.
I cannot deal with Directionators any more
Get jiggy with it!
:  LPR for 's joint...let the poppers pop and the breakers break
I love my friends 3
CHACHING!!!...in there like swimwear.
Spending this mothers day with my mom and her Canadian family in canada.
The joys of being Canadian!
So if is lucky enough to get a Grammy for his Xmas album, maybe I'll see him there :
dude, i saw you last night.
Go Tigers!
OMG Finallyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So Excited Justin3333
I have trust issues with everything...
So mad I can't believe I missed Matilda one of my old time favorite movies :
Watching aleaugeoftheirown never gets old!!
Threat can apply to the more traditional thinking organization or individuals.
yes, and oh that's god :
We have 7 grads so far and we couldn't be prouder!
Join us for graduation on 5/21 :30am Martin de Porres.
How could you fuck the only ppl that ever cared for you
Like Flocka in the clouds shaking his doctorads making it rain on all of us  lmao
I think you should come show your support
I don't like doubts...
everything I do..I do it with confidence
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's WCMS biweekly user group from 12p.m.!
Email to register
I always get so confused when i bring my bible to church, theres no chapter called romans in the steven tyler biography?
Loving glee especially !
Walker's divide  conquer perfectly condenses his impact on our state's legacy of civil discourse.
Except the conquer part.
Haha RT : Eta Lambda Chapter of the Year!
Rule 7  plan, plan, plan some more.
Have contingency plans, plan for bad stuff too.
Cardinal Rule from ,
They need to have an Academy Awards NBA edition.
Nominate certain players, show clips and give out awards.
They're so doctormatic.
Who carves the groundhog on Groundhog's Day?
Mom?
Dad?
I know tradition says if the big guy in PA sees his shadow we use a cleaver.
yes for sure!!!
i been good, getting ready for finals :
Amare Stoudemire's temper tantrum makes Rondo look like an angel.
Way to act like you've been in a highstakes game before
Thanks, I am, it's filled with studying and baseball.
I hope your weekend is fantabulous!
Woo hoo!
RT Rodgers takes another knee...the Packers have won Super Bowl XLV.
: where do you go?
I LOVE YOU TICKET OAK!
can someone please make this happen in my backyard?
I promise to share
NFL Play Off's  gotta love it!
Check out our game  we are the perfect play off game!
www.playffnow.com.
Coupon code USA for 10 credits.
since you've tweeted this twice today: girlswith the first name that begins with k.....
hello hello
With our 24 months no interest plan, there's no excuse not to get new energy efficient windows!
Visit our website for more information.
Follow your tweet with frenchpharmacie so that we can see it!
That's all you have to do!
want another follower??
then go follow right now!!
Oh goodness, those Amish really know how to make an excelent cheesecake.
Ahh....
Young Kenneth is awake
that song is in my workout playlist.
My wife mocks me for it.
She must be super HIGH!!!!!.
U have the talent, do u have the tools to enhance your work?
There r no compromises w/ my scissors get 5173043525Peace.
Thank U!
Was just told by doctor that thyroid is FOUR TIMES what it should be.
On meds now!
Hope it helps!
I can except being slowed down, but I will not be STOPPED
tonight we are doctornking Maibock.
WHO IS YUNG RICH ?
SOMEONE ASK ME AND I SAID BiH IM YUNG RICH
I'm actually his assistant.
He's the one that does all my writing.
Jazz fans follow
Thanks!
Have a great weekend!!
RT : Salud Chef!
Happy day 2 U RT : sobewff is happening!
Stop by De Rodoctorguez Cuba and enjoy a great...
you poor deprived child lol
The scholar is not merely a passive recipient.
He grows into power by an active reception of truth.
It's always Darkest before the dawn.
Good Morning
Past is experience, present is experiment, future is expectation
God is a passionate God; passionate in His love for us; passionate in His hatred for sin.
You're pointed at Florida...
;
thanks.
gotcha.
give a shout.
Have a great weekend.
....
Today is a bit of a doctorary morning in Santa Monica...but hey, I'm in Santa Monica :
common sense: If the first Man was gay or the first Women did not like men there would be no human race!
Can you see it now ?
I'm still fumbling through this...
Lol two they're my favorite RT Just cracked open that little goody you left in my fridge!
SO DELICIOUS!!!
You need to follow more people!
A person with a great sense of humor may bore others, but he rarely has a dull moment himself.
John Mason
Somebody took my spot oh well lol
Nuggets manimal and kuofos starting the game guaranteed W
CISNC Did you know a doctorpout is 8x more likely to be in jail or prison by age 25?
Stop stats like this one!
www.cisnc.org
Instead of looking down, take a look up.....here I am!
Hey proud to contribute to your followers your time will come in parody accounts
Off to find candles that say 21

If A Hug Represented How Much I Love You ..
I'd Hold You In My Arms FOREVER  
Whats up everyone?!
Rocco!
RT Ladies.
Retweet if you are attending ladies night with me and our staff on June 2
Niquenique this kkhutie I want my pencil pouch back cause that's not mine it's my sisters
Heading up to Novato to mix Big Band music.
Really?!
That's awesome.
I love them :
One of todays trending topics is Dadism , how appropriate for your speech today
You sing RB right?
Well, you're a pro at that.
Absence makes the...
How does that go?
See ya Thursday!
Wanna get VIP for the club tonite?
Check out or fb page at Facebook.com/wildthursdays
Nice thing about twitter, you can breath hard and tweet at the same time.
And my phone doesn't care if I sweat.
:
.
totally smashing it live.
Good vibes at
That's good...tell yo mom imma call her later or tomorrow.
Miss yall, Hopefully i'll be home soon, till then keep yo head up.
Words to live by!
: Wright took off 4 months last yr My big thing is, lifes not to be endured.
Its to be enjoyed.
Ah teen wolf is on and meh fangs r out XD LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
I'm going to sleep early twitter :
Thanks very much for mentioning us!
We really appreciate it.
nice meeting you too!
next time for sure!
I am not calling anymore, so good luck facing the boss!
RT Now at a workshop on teaching the city featuring !
Looking forward to this one.
It was really nice out today.
Oh winter, how you lower my standards.
my boy!
Nice picture!
Well.....it's raining.
I guess I will lay here and be lazy today:
Turtles are
Servicers Matter for Compare Ratios; How will the FHA Insurance Premium Change Impact Production?
thx for the great concert!!!
We're waving at you from the side of the freeway in Vancouver, wa as you pass by us in your bus!!!
Sean Lee, you are THE man.
2 Exams down, 3 more to go!
Rushing.
Reminding myself of 's tip this week: Patience.
I have all the time in the world.
A day without sun shine is like, you know, night.
Took 3 kids rollerskating.
Ended up having lots of fun till the moment where 1 peed his pants  another had diarrhea in middle of rink.
we're doing some server maintenance for the next hour, please standby!
Happy Birthday!
I hope you make it memorable in the Rose Garden tonight!
Aye honey or hershey chocolate syrup
Hey, let's be careful out there, Milwaukee.
My moms having a lil too much fun try a kill this fly..
Lol
rulesoftwitter if has tweeted you 2  rt'd you once, you deserve a followback.
Just a thought ;D
pats have ball back near their 30.
At break
Don't bet on it.
Until I was involved in running a server, I had no idea what goes on out there.
my circle small, im well rounded distance self from lego squares....family first along with purse keep searching goals i see them near
that's what's up.
I don't lmao!!!!!
Insomnia tweets
Learned recently there are people who are cold, and there are Cold People.The first one from the Weather, the second kind from a cold heart.
On my grind off to work
smh bitches just don't understand.
I'm not saying you're a whore..
I'm just saying you've been on more wieners than Heinz ketchup..
actually SV just clarified that it should be out for a delivery attempt tomorrow.
My mistake.
Hope that helps!
your customer service is terrible.
I placed my order on Feb.
20 and have yet to receive anything.
Tuesday, May 4th is Latino Night at Salute Wine Bar!
Join us for a lot of fun and Italian Margaritas!
Had to fuckin wlk home from work fuck that shit never again
what is the name of that Brooklyn cafe with livemusic again?
:
Hey guys love the page.
Check out our music at www.reverbnation.com/htrofficial
ah : And the Braves' fan base holds its collective breath: Brian McCann just removed from the game before top of the 6th.
Thank you AA men r targeted daily just b/c they r AA.
TrayvonMartin brought light 2 this issue.
Could you sign the petition to kill the Kill the Gays bill?
Thanks!
allout.org/en/petition/uganda
will do:
Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind.
miranda i love you so much!
you are so awesome!!
you keep tellin them haters to back off!
mirfand4life!
:
Falling asleep to tonight 
The guy who describes the burger patty would do well as a recurring character on Saturday Night Live
I am so disgusted by this..
my birthday is 2day I am celebrating it in a way that honors him however it can be respectfully done .
so sick of rude and inconsiderate people.
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
Because he's not blocking you.
I,m playing my Heartfield doctor more often with really great results,its a real soulmachine, light weight,HEAVY sounds!
Took my VERY carnivorous friend to my favorite restaurant for nachos.
Shhh, he has no idea it's vegan!
Even Santa would love our FRIDAY Special: The MaxiBurger w/ BBQ Fries !!
GET MONEY IN DA BANK ON WHEN YA GOOD...
I want to get revenge on FC Dallas!
Who would you rather play?
i have no life:
Happy Leap Day!
What are you going to do with your extra 24 hours?
You are still getting more and more followers, but I just STUCK here.
Maybe it' s because I don't tweet too much.
Haha!
SpaceX launch aborted at last minute.
Listening now love.
Saw you both with your girls at Jose's on Friday night ...
they were adorable!
Hope you enjoyed it.
Get well soon, Mat!
Yep!
I'm MMEd class of 2005.
Loved every minute of it!
got engaged in Florence, best 5 days of my life, it was all amazing
Stocked up on mad food.
Only means one thing, first home stand of the season.
R.I.P.
Donna Summer
Thank you for the RT Miss Jess :
I'll even sing Justin beiber songs to you...
Even tho I know NONE of them .
finding the will to grind on.
Watched Leonard Cohen Live in London this evening on PBS...superb.
Thanks for the follow!
We hope you are excited about the line coming out :
Representing and at the Assoc.
of Asian Studies Conference in Toronto March 1518.
Booth 310
Thank Christ for a day off!
No way.
He's been charging it for years.
Thank you for the mention
SouthlakeOktoberfest tonight!
See you there.
I was trying to reply to your DM about something but your not following me.
can you please follow my sister ,She thinks you're an amazing dancer and you following her would make her happy
Ask your grandparents if they know Delores Belhumeur, that's my grandma.
thanks for the love!
thanks for the follow keep it real like to get some media in the mag
My mom sees a lady with a bunch of kids and goes get a fucking tv in the bedoctorom  my mom is such a creep
I hated it too until I got fitted at Cacique, Lane Bryant's in house lingerie store.
Didn't know bras could feel like heaven!
It's all about playing the game and KIM is definitely the master!!
I'm comin back beginning of august
It's time for makeup, the perfect smile.
It's you they're all waiting for.
Tryna get like you
NP Get Silly.
Last time I ever listen to this song
you wont here another word :
Oprah Doesn't Know Everything  Huffington Post
If they add any more spring sports at Canby, I might just cry a little.
12 spring teams RT : Canby don't sleep
Quoth the dude, That's just like, your opinion, man.
Amen.
that's so kool and random and only he followed me!
Are your ppc landing pages tied back into your keywords?
I still remember you from Head of the Class and teen beat mags..
I think I'm giving away my age here
awww, I love you to anea.
You're a beautiful person inside and out.
Love you chica 3
Had a great coaching session with lawrence the homeless artist today!
iam sorry can u follow me back
Thanks so much to all of our new followers, and for our regular readers!
Anything specific you want more info on?
Can't wait for Florida 2012 
I think it's really good.
Funny.
Katara is old!!!
Haha
I hear you, but their first two are home, and they get 3 extra days rest after their WK1 game
i want a invite ;
Really?
Yeah, right up left down is the norm.
How odd of Porsche to stray from the standard...
Exactly!
We are talented enought to beat any team.
We have to have the anytime anywhere mentality.
sound bytes  new initiatives are gr8, but what about results?
outcomes speak louder than platitudes.
DemandBetterWestBaltimore,
Pretty damned great weekend, you guys.
Let's say we do it again soon?
IDK YOU SAID AND I QUOTE Oh, make sure you read the epilogue..
AH I WAS CURIOUS
Podhbcu faculty productivity increases if you help them get organized with their writing schedule!
you're probably right.
I get why she's upset though.
She didn't get to see her only daughter marry
You're right.
Your teachers are super excited for you!
You've got our vote all the way.
:
Went to meeting with Good Faith Casting.
It went great!
i need a girl with tha nikki booty yea im tryin cuff
Thank you for the cookie recipe.
They turned out amazing!
So gonna win
...Social media outreach has become an integral part of a PR specialist's job in recent years...
via
Chris Davis: I just wanna pitch.
The oppo Rick Ankiel?
thanks for coming to Lubin House!
Hope you had a great time speaking to CRS students!
Bay area today.
Saw Raiders and dinner with 49er clients and Demarcus Dobbs tonight.
Hearing good stuff from Adam Bain of twitter.
Says it's twitter's 6th anniversary.
Happy bday twitter.
Look forward to seeing you!
RT : opens to the public tomorrow!
What are you looking forward to seeing?
Aw, Tebow, should have ran it.
The moment becomes slower; thoughts rearrange order, living this life when you are no longer the life holder.
KK and LL should not be news.
The Dime Parade will be marching near your City!
its a good song.
I haven't seen them live, I want to!
Haha

how soon we forget them, how diligently skritter points it out.
amlistening JoyDivision as I put together a site redesign plan for day job client.
The Eternal is such a beautiful song.
Simon is so cute!
The fact that his head makes up about 60 of him is even cuter!
Thanks Rebekah, and CONGRATULATIONS on a much more impressive award...
read about it today in the paper!
Well done.
Shopping then hanging with my friends Jack Daniels and Sam Booka.
Im here in portland oregon
G'Morn
check out today
for supporting free education and social safety net, so are we against it?
bad logic dude.
WHERE WILL THE SIMILARITIES STOP?
WHO CAN SAY!
Hey !
Want FREE delivered to you next week?
Just Like on FB by 11:59pm on Aug 5 and it could be you!
wow, that's Golden!
RT: If someone you love hurts you cry a river, build a bridge, and get over it!!!
This!
When the tests are far away, the Ravis will play
Modern philosophy: If I went to the gym but then didn't write a facebook status about it, did it ever really happen?
right on thanks for letting me know.
Thank you so much!
Milwaukee Area folks, the team is doing FREE facials  Spa Foot soaks in Dec!
Email your info to: for apt.
is it because the book didn't have Tilda Swinton in it?
I often ask myself what would mattias kiwanuka do?
We've reached 171 likes on Facebook....please help us reach 200.
Come by for lunch today and enjoy a delicious torta.
Weather forecast: 82 degrees and 100 chance of Cherry Limeade Showers from 6am to 12am today at Sonic Baltimore!
aw!!!
Que cute3
A true fan will stick by them, no matter what.
You all our the best followers in the world!
movie time after I peel the banana.
rhymes with doctorbble, right?
Come try us out.
The free outdoor parking is great or try our indoor parking at 6/day.
Falling out of love is hard; falling for betrayal is worse...
Thanks for the shout out Rock!
Well, the English 102 course teaches they can also look in museums, attics, or do their own interviews, surveys, c.
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER.
3
Great beginning to a phone call: a robotic female voice reporting that THE FIRE IS OUT.
morning misterCharlie
RT : How many times am I gonna hv to beat up the same chick...WHOA DER' how old are we?
Have a good time with your long time friends!
Thank you for the mention  glad to be in touch with you here on Twitter.
Good surprise running into this morning.
Give him a shout if you're in the social media space.
He's doing some cool things.
Our country was setup by and for the powerful and,elite and still is.Propaganda said we are all equal ,some are more equal than others
I need a new car!!!
They go to Dubrovnik on this season of bachelorette?
Way to ruin my favorite place, ABC!
Proud Feminist Porn Awards nominee!
Follow FPA2012 for the latest Toronto news.
Big thanks to all our cast, crew, members  supporters!
Getting ready for church.
Can't wait to be inspired by doctor Stanley today!
It's in Atlanta this year, right?
aayyeee!!!
I know u saved me a plate!!!
Ok, Cody, you've piqued my curiosity.
I heart break and you too.
WHat!
u know thats where ill be........n fuck the ville
Lets go State!!!
City pizza is amazing
I hope things go smoother for you for the rest of the day :
Exciting news!
So bored!!
Lol...You Should Listen To My New Song Then :
No kidding?
V and Grant would get along great.
He ran all over the park today, leading an invisible army.
Lots of invisible..
We have issues.
RT all eyes on FL again!
What's up with your state?
JJ directs Star Trek like a classy Michael Bay.
If you can give us the time, location and direction we can have customer service look into this.
Thank you.
I hope you do visit Seattle someday, Kris.
I'd love to show you around.
Any thoughts on the closure of Collegelax?
This is about the damndest World Series...No make that baseball game I have ever seen.
The Goodyear Blimp just flew over my apartment.
Surprisingly loud actually.
A change is a comin!
Just gotta keep the Faith and keep persevering!
certainly!
Good articlequite on point!
You can never do to much if you can never get enough
Come check out surrender only !
That's the problem.
Can't put her on if he knows she's lying, so he believes her or never planned to back it up.
sick on fall break is no fun!
:
do you know what it was about?
Oh thank God...I was about to give you a nice little lecture young lady who's probably older than I.
OMG AWESOME!
go off on emmm
really came for Chris Bosh LMFAO
Cramps be killing a sister :/
great story and good choice for your son!
I hope you have more moments of clarity.
I fight 4 patient safety including your son!
Trying to figure out how to listen to one book while simultaneously reading another.
Anyone got that down?
Wow!
Thank you for the RTs and shoutouts!
I love career advising!
I swear, he is gay.
Thank you!
having a rough couple day.
Wow!
That sounds terrific!
Thanks.
Joel!
please reply!
do you remember me?
It's been a very long time!
still have that super 8 doctorwing I gave you?
We hope everyone had an amazing Thanksgiving!
We ate a ton of food and then played a ton of games!
hooray for being friends!
:D
me me
B: Its all about quality, not quantity Reed.
And such a fun date idea!
: Thanks to all who came out to Midnight Radio this weekend.
2 more shows!
7/297/30.
i just 3 christmas songs!
: they always make me feel so happy and warm lol :P
Miss you brother!
Alright!
Do you live in California?
I can't do this anymore, I'm done trying.
I'm tired of putting a fake smile on my face everyday when all I want to do is cry....
Thanks bro!
Say a prayer for continued progress and anointing!
BIG S/O TO SHAQ COBY TELL ME HOW MY ASS TASTEYOU MURDERED IT SON!
WHEN IS THE ALBUM COMING OUT
Happy for you!
well he seems like a swell guy beer Have fun in the cap!
It's Cheeseburger Week in Pasadena, California...But I'm in San Diego this week.
So who has the best Cheeseburger in San Diego?
Get the design services you need at the price you want.
www.brandninjas.com
lol Awww that's a cute thought.
i wish it was easier to get noticed by you : /3
I had doctoram that and I were friends and we sang On My Mind togetherin a duet!
We had FAME to!
You're very welcome, and we sure did :
We're getting ready for TheBlitz 2010.
Putting in as many gardens as possible in MKE on May 29th!
Stay posted.
More exciting news to follow
MUST fall asleep soon.....gotta wake up at 3:30am to get ready to go to the airport!
sick fever weak pale well, this is just great .
They did a great job casting and really followed the plot of the book.
You should enjoy it...
it is long, though so beware.
Lol you sound like me
good to have the NBA back.
Good morning!
Got some running around with the girls 2 do Early mothers day gift, Amierae just telling me she loves herself : Enjoy ur day!
I had a wonderful day at the spa with my best friend.
I don't shave my balls with a kitchen knife.
Talking to me in the morning is like trying to doctorbble a ball with not enough air in it.
lol then in the morning I regret staying up .
LMFAO : Today, Facebook went public, just as MySpaces last user went private.
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Packed matinee for at the !!
Check out our rave review on !!!!
Baha.
Lucky, I couldnt find anyone to go out with so I'm in bed.
Feel free to send updates.
Thanks for the follow!
Red riding hood :
hanging with
good morning!
I love Fridays : they're so...peaceful 
is one of my favorite anthropologists!
How many scholars have their own action figures?
Now THAT's gangsta'
Cheap Halo 3 Toys: Halo Wars Mega Bloks Series 3 Yellow ...
Tom Petty's music is very welcome right now.
that's awesome!!
There's nothing like a sale at Diesel!
Praise his name..
love his job with a passion.
The dudes in the dugout are all: Ayyy ammagonaw yea babbadooodee.
Ah ah op.
My neighbors didn't know that celebratory discharges of a firearm for New Years had been banned.
We slept on the floor away from the window
The Brewers may end up being a very good team this season.
But they are a pretty doctoradful one right now.
I feel fat, my boobs are beyond huge and the only action I get now is the Vaginal ultrasound :
Brian Williams can tell me the news everyday.
Oh wait he does.
Thanks Mike!
That is our favorite part of the game too!
Loving the Rosebuds!
Opening act for Justin Vernon of
I'd play along.
i love his eyes 3
Another whet hot humid day in New York Sorry folks if you like hot weather I hate it Strange thing to say for someone born in the Caribbean
i had to awkwardly sit out today too because my doctors office didnt fax over my note.
i am upset :
SongsIListenToEveryday every song!
im tired!
Just completed the outline to my second book...time to get the first one published!
two goals for who?
False!
To ensure safety and high rate of success following surgery, patients are evaluated to determine if they're ideal for the procedure.
iii wanna gooo
I told you to stay in bed this morning.
In the kitchen working on my cookbook!!!
Why oh why are onions so hard to peel!
Will do!
I'm gonna make a flickr page for all to see sometime today.
Stay tuned for link.
And Fantasy CFB rocks!
PSUOSUmy team!
Out of almond dark chocolate silky smooth promises an a job .:
There is no substitute for the creative inspiration, knowledge, stability that come from knowing how to contact your core of inner silence.
: People who put lolz pleasegrowup !!
ok i will try and do that lol
a belated my pleasure!
to your tweet.
Love what you're doing online these days, and I'm happy to help.
Who's this nigga Jones ?
you two need to chill and Sam, c'mon man don't be sayin shit like that about his mom seriously.
My song I need a Love was selected for Best of 2011 Student Compilation CD yaaayy!!
this song is on my albumistersilientGO
You mean so much more to me than you think.
UMM yeah.
This wasn't the final episode.
Obviously they couldn't have done that in a finale.
Baby I love you
Metro Exposure workout will be tomorrow from 5 to 830 at Iroquois HS.
72 kids in three sessions.
Miami sites you don't see in DC: old man pushing grocery cart of coconuts down the street with a machete hanging from the cart.
It was an honor and a privilege to welcome Justice Antonin Scalia to Nassau County this week.
speaking of cakes, isn't it somebody's bday?
warming up the swattin' paddle
No way!
We do love Astoria.
The trash is my biggest gripe ; Sorry for the confusion!
I must admit..I am a little tipsy I did doctornk 5 capri suns tonight
Soon: Sons of Huns, The Angry Orts, Tango Alpha Tango, No Kind of Rider, Log Across the Washer, DoublePlusGood, Jack Ruby Presents  MOAR!!!
Wholesome exercise in the free air, under the wide sky, is the best medicine for body and spirit.
has also joined the pac16
N Korea launched a rocket and Calipari toured Eastern KY RT Been off the grid all day.
Update me on what I've missed?
Thanks.
we don't understand it either
Lovely start
Oh yeah u already know, thats not an option.
Happy Mothers day to u and yours.
Researchers Find, Test Winds Extending Far From Alabama Tornado39;s Path
Thank you.
Appreciate the conversation as well.
I admire all who venture into public speaking.
It is a gift  talent....
hell yes
Well put my friend!
RT If the devil had a toy box, it would be full of credentials and suite tickets!
When I don't understand, I will choose You.
Something incredibly beautiful and incomprehensibly ugly: human nature.
WOW is all I can say and
Have you read The Four Hour Work Week?
I did and I can't wait for those days to come!
Until then...
back to work
Prefinished Brazilian Teak has warm tan hues with soft tight understating grain, for a subtle rich look for home or business use.5 instock
The first game I played the random user wrote the answer.
I passed and then cancelled the game.
Totally lame.
Phone with my boyfriend for the rest of the night, goodnight :
A4: Change perception by: interact with your organizations senior leaders.
This can directly improve perception.
Well i'm clearly Hispanic
It's iphone5 day!
The DOGS love you!
RT : You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
Welcome Contact me to make your reservation for the best sushi in
It's weird in a funny way b/c I've been having some serious SportkingKC withdoctorwals.
cool!
My sister's daughter must be a time lord or perhaps the Doctor's companion!
What?
Only 3 pieces of my yummy valentine candy equals a serving?
No fair!
I easily cry in movies.
':
Going to see broadway play comeflyaway tonight at
FF Fun tech tweeps to get to know!
Happy Friday!
Another plus to ereaders, they don't much care how windy it is.
RT : Yea I Know U Seen Them Giants Too!
yeah nigga.I kno u seen dem raiders too.
We'll run down Yall chest LOL
where are my ladies?
Get to
Can't believe I saw Jeff Mangum tonight.
Bring me back to holding hands in the rain, I swear I'd ease your pain
You're pregnant!
Congrats on the medical miracle, or a setup for a really odd scam ;
Oh how I LOVE and her incredible voice!!
Beautiful performance of National Anthem!!
Yay!
We'll work out time and location later.
Details, details...
Let me go and sweep and mop the kitchen.
Shit.
Been reading this shit for hours and I lost my whole day laughing.
It's a big plane!
Lots of movies...
you'll love it!
;
texting my crush..
he should be my boyfriend
Just read like 3 months worth of tweets from
it's ugly lol I look pissed
What are your thoughts on this 70 year old's letter to Obama?
Remember, we all stumble, every one of us.
Thats why its a comfort to go hand in hand.
Emily Kimbrough
RT : RT Light travels faster than sound.
That's why some people appear bright till you hear them speak
Did u get ur twitter back?
that was amazing.
Graduation day..
Ah!
I can't wait!!
What a terrific cause!!
Taking care of our furry friends  family!!
Metro u r useless after a week of getting on the local instead of the Blueline, I get on the train only to have the transfer local not show.
Smells like ham and cigarettes.
Thanks for stopping by!
: A little up from the planetarium on the levee cool stargazing!
Thanks !
Today's kellan's birthday...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KELLAN!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:7
Anyone know of University or Medical School partnering with Wolfram Research to add educational knowledge bases to work with Apple Siri?
Thank You everyone for stopping by and saying Hello today.
We appreciate the kind words.
And most importantly a great Yank win today!
I don't think the are serious about the mercedesbenz louisiana superdome.
Holy Waffles..
ok now wait a minute???
Watching Resident Evil 4 After life movie :
uhh, clarifying, ...
wasn't a huge fan like the huge fan i am now ;
Hi Amir, I'm in Irvine today, and am free until 3pm.
Can I buy you lunch or coffee?
Ur everything I expected u wud eventually show me u are lol thanks for exposing urself before I did...
lmao I know!
And yes they're hilarious!
What about Jasper?
He kills me
Dude that was priceless!!!
So amazing to see how far Blink has gone and how much has happened!
They brought music to my life :D
Bud Light I assume?
Ugghh why'd he had to be sleep.!?
sweet!
I feel good thank God!
Also got 5hrs of sleep!
Woohoo lol
With a porn name like Jimmy Dean, ...hehehe shit  I'll leave that one up to u to decipher.
There once was a team from Nantucket, with a defense like a leaky bucket........
Jealous!
Ronan was sending me text updates.
Wish I coulda been there.
what an awful notion!
Ok color me intrigued by both films.
Anyone using Cinemagram?
is hanging out on meow right now.
Listen in
Is Austin coming back on the radio or?
heaven can wait, i havent finished living my life yet :
text me I need you
leaving for new york tonight !
so stoked to see all our friends we havent seen in months !
and the show saturday is gonna be a blast too !!!
After 6th  last performance of MozReq in Europe I threw baton at music stand, surprising me  audience alike.
I guess I was very emotional!
would love to hang out but I'm gone til next week.
:
Neither shall be happening today
ROME  Costa Crociere in Italy: Fire broke out on Costa Allegra ship near Seychelles, all safe.
MAKE IT NASTY!
;
we like it too !
I am telling the truth
ScoreCenter just NOW sent me the right notification
Where's Peter Pan?
I don't want to grow up.
Happy black history month!!!!
holiday represent hahahahahaha
Last minute shopping for young kids?
Find Twisterz at Barnes  Noble, Amazon, and many local toy stores!
hahahaha ikr!
We crack each other up 
Rex raves about Coples' ability, and saying he has good grasp on defense Like his confidence  and the good thing is we'll hold him to it.
General aging, as well, can contribute to hair thinning
Because your kids already think you're a tool.
Awesome.
Thanks for unfollowing.
Why?
The only thing that will make me happy right now, is a double big gulp of sprite.
Untill then, I'll be a grouch.
My arm hurts like a bitch today....no good..
sounds AWESOME.
ah that's disturbing
Thanks enjoying it MT Listening to give presentation about Fulbright alumni involvement.
Hope everyone has a productive day!
Okay, I'm going to make me some eggs, sit down, then you'll leave, b/c I'm going to masturbate while watching Mad Men.
Me, to the husband.
So frustrated and Im seriously tempted to skip work today and just go bang the fuck out of Bijou!
Have a great night all you FAC Heads out there!!
Stop by tomorrow and receive 10 off all concentrates!!!
And don't forget 4 gram eighths!!!
RnBThrowBacks : All I Need  Mary J ft Method Man
Awesome work folks!
See you Thurs.
its only funny to you if you dont let the other people in on it and they think your crazy
RT : FmisterSec Tom Ridge notes governors understand value of development in opening overseas markets for their states' goods.
Excited to see Sacha Baron Cohen in character as Aladeen on the Eredcarpet at the
you are really funny!
It's peek and not peak lol :
So this is what it feels like to not have a sinus infection...
wow
Kendall looking as amazing!!!
I'm sorry to hear that man.
You made it further then I ever have, so you're winning in my book!

to EVERYONE, a Very Happy Saturday Afternoon!
:
Reality always seems to catch up with you.
We American Directioners will back you up all the way!!
VOTE VOTE VOTE for 1D!
I think its safe to say that every Streisand song is about 5 min too long!
Had the opportunity to see Bryce Harper last night...
Think Washingtonians are in for a real treat w/the future of Nats baseball
Glad I know who my real friends are.
Don't wake me up, 'cause my thrill is gone.
Mexican Coke uses real sugar and has become cultish
Much Love to ALL the independent bookstores, especially the ones that are working hard to keep there doors open.
We appreciate the love Kristin.
Becoming mayor might be a tough challenge.
You can do it!
One latte at a time.
society doesn't care about veterans.
we lose comisterds, bust our cannons and get nothin in return but an ass to kiss.
im vexed!
Boston College AT McNeese State??
Is that correct?
Happy Mothers day!
im so thankful for my mom3 MuchLove :
really beautiful tonight.
Perfect weather.
Movie night
Thanks for following!
Great platform you have created.
We look forward to connecting in the future.
Faults are thick where live is thin.
English Proverb
RT Some people just don't want no money!
In all seriousness: You've got three turds and three blossoms.
Who do you want to give 'em to?
haha!
Hey whatever works.
that is the perfect characterization of all Sorkin shows.
I wonder if you can trademark that phrase.
Development We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it
Chelsea v Barcelona i know u watchin
A special guest will be cohosting with  on March 27th!
We will be releasing more tomorrow!
Good decision!
3 anyways I'm sure he'll go to London.
:
It's not unheard of, but we aren't quite as reliable up there as we are in the District/Arlington.
:
I just read an article titled, Fans suffered most in NFL's long, greedy battled.
All games will be played!
USBank Center opens facility on Sun Sept 11th for 150 MKE  statewide firefighters to climb 110 floors in turnout gear in honor of 9/11
What would Caligula have tweeted?
Or would he have just made someone else tweet for him  and then kill him?
ayooo you taking me to school then tomorrow?
1 day and 2 hours until the conference, according to the Association for Asian studies website!!
I might head to bed early without my blow up doll lol
IsItMyFault that i love hard
throw the book at those damn kids!
That is Not acceptable behavior !
Happy Saturday everyone!!
Come grab dinner or a few doctornks before you head out on the town tonight!
watching TV with the parentals on Sunday nights beats anything.
Wrestlemania28 Fans lookout.
There are people sharing virus claiming u won a WrestleMania prize.
Report n Block.
Learning to communicate with compassion.
Three day weekend!
yay!
You are logging epic days.
Solid.
Cheering you on  big fan.
Complaints bring you to a place of compliance...
thanks for the update!
Still awaiting my autographed copy.
:
It's a strange strange world when you want the Capitals to win.
Glad I got that weight off my shoulders though.
Be the champions of trust.
via
Oh wow arizona apparently women r pregs 2 weeks b4 conception.
Silly politicians, that's not how science works.
hey do you have all the places on the map?
Its already gonna be 2 o'clock?
Dang where has today gone?
Sorry about the delay, Anthony.
Yes, you can.
Could you let me have your email, please?
Jake
I love all of those too!
no!
I wanted to see it!!
hahah
I've been neglecting my twitter account.
I'll come back in a week
i always laugh at people who dont know what im capable of doing.
ah people these days, you gotta love em!
I can understand the pissed thing
I love you 5.
Regional carrier Cellcom says they'll have the iPhone 4s soon.
Hey Chris...I was curious if you have heard about our new product called the cellhelmet?
We guarantee the iPhone, with no bulk.
Hey Mikey I like it, if the Broncos win on Sunday I'll get me a Tat of tebow Tebowing on my chest
hey, I'm really sorry to hear it.
:
What's the first rule of a crisis situation?
: With my brother Julius in Sacramento
Was a bit disappointed with Anderson Cooper regarding ADHD meds.
He wasn't unbiased.
He clearly favored the medication.
Niggas be doing the right thing wrongly.
As we ask our Qs, you can ask Jamie your Qs as well!
He'll do his best to answer all Qs in the order they come
I never claimed to be more than a one night stand.
Magic!
RT edwarddedark after the horribly high death toll in Syria 2day, official regime media says there were no casualties at all!
freelance writer.
Trustfund baby.
Coffeehouse owner.
busy love!
Apologize for being away so long!
I hate when I do something wrong, even if I didn't even mean to...makes me feel like crap either way.
RT: For the 1st time ever a hs club with in the mix and on the mic gonna be wild fuego this thursday yep
Recalled a conversation about organizations being very negative free asisstants, unless volunteers jump through hoops..
Lol!!
What you doing up so early
Can't complain the weather is nice!
dnt miss the northern weather at all
Ghostfinger tonight!
Someone come hang with me
Current Bowie Rotation: Tim Bascom, Bobby Bundy, Jake Pettit, Cole McCurry, Zach Clark.
Can't wait go to Summer Olympics
Attending Digital Public Library of America meeting at National Archives dpla  plenary theater is packed.
Mic check videos on my feed.
Incredible stuff.
: Let's get that postGov20LA coffee now!
Don't worry I'm not having one :
why is it whenever I try it fails!
bummedout:/
RT : ItGetsMeMadWhen i got all this love and no one to give it to
this is pretty sweet...
A few folks are exploring a multiwk DevOps class in Chicago.
Think deploy, host, and maintain on Linux.
Reply if interested!
There's a discussion of grass roots marketing vs ecommunications/social media.
Both are necessary.
What do you think?
Look like a great shoot!
I'm tired of hearing about Google doctorve.
It isn't going to scratch or even matter much.
Happy valentines day everyone...
:
Magnificent Monday to you All!
Well, I guess we can be absolutely certain that they didn't invent Facebook.
Jesus...
Did you know Leap Year is the year women can ask men to marry them?
Do you know anyone who has done this?
Happy to help out.
Gives me a gr8 reason to jump back into Twitter Ville :
one of the best ways to advertise your business is with vehicle graphics!
1000th tweet!!
Thanks to all my awesome followers and especially for opening me to the twitter world
having Settebello for lunch m
GOLLY I AM BACK ON THIS MOTHAFUKA ITS ABOUT TIME....
Thanks for the Vizcayne Love!
RT : well, its a great choice!
I vouch for
fits yesterday's HAchat right on the money, huh?
lmao, this video is ridiculous...oh god, but i love it.
so overdoctormatic though LOL
I saw the link on fb first and thought it might have been sent wrong from the site.
That's enough sudoku for the day , dontcha think?
Thanks for the advice.
Yeah, I changed my password and cancelled the applications associated with my account.
don't forgrt 2 follow my personal twitter also also lock me in I txtd u last nite like I told u I would!
I often find myself in that same predicament.
It was delicious.
I'm a simple guy, so just PepAndCheese with extra sauce.
m....
Before Mandonna I was in an all male Go Go's cover band called The Go Go  Nads.
We didn't have many fans.
Met Cincinatti Reds Barry Larkin and his wife today super nice people!!
Headed over to Bowery Electric to check some bands!
A singing doctormmer!
RT : I would travel just abt anywhere if it would create a collaboration beneficial 2a project
It was a pleasure working with you ladies..
Hope to do it again soon!
Hugs!!
Xoxox
I remember when Elliot Smith died and everyone was all hey what about the troops huh!?!
ig yall wanna do the fun stuff wen im not there iite i see how it is lol
RT I your proud to be a belieber.
We lost the track off.
But we got 1500 votes.
Which means we have the best fans ever.
Thank you for voting and voting and voting again.
My legs feel like sore led stilts.
But it's all worth it.
TRUE LIFE  : Roxy was like that!
If ya wasn't there you missed out cc: 
GOODNIGHT or should I say
no tissues yet but I have them within arm's reach
You turned into a pretty big waste of time.
it was good seeing ya  CRS, loved the new stuff, can't wait to hear more!
where is USA's big guns this game?
Have Ryan, Max, Stastny, Okposo done much?
Dear music, thank you for being there for me when no one else was.
Work is work and I get it in hbu
Are those little fish all over his shirt?
csu2011 cantfindthatatoldnavy hesawesomethough!
Austin Aries made Bully Ray tap out.
Awesome match.
Crazy bump by Aries.
FOSS4GNA starts tomorrow.
Who's gonna be there?
I'm trying to read but hockey dudes are screaming  everyone's all omg!
It's epic!
I look up  another guy gets a puck in the face.
My head hurts.
Looks to me like you didn't get both feet down.
May need replay official.
Thanks to for coming out to support our AdClub team in adult kick ball tonight.
Sorry we lost but thx for the support!
thanks for the follow !!!
Ray Weadock of LSW tells an interesting story about making major career/lifestyle errors based on poor health data
Got 3 of my 4 Conversation Prism posters today..Looking forward to framing and hanging in my office :
They are eloquent who can speak low things acutely, and of great things with dignity, and of moderate things with temper.
Marcus T.
Cicero
I'm bored !!!!!
Who wants a shoutout ?
MusicNews Beach House  Equal Mind
C'mon Bruce!
Bases loaded!
70 for All Over Color or Partial HiLite with Cut, Shampoo, Style, Blowdoctor and Manicure
It's May 1st and temps are heading back into the 70's!
Bring on that summer weather!
RT : Even if I'm surrounded and attacked I will remain confident, bold and unafraid
I'm pretty sure Manny Ramirez is the key to the start of an Orioles dynasty.
2100!
YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING!
No.
RT what about ?
Hey People Add Me On FaceBook Cortes
Took in my first Macy's Parade from the warmth of a 4th floor perch.
It was great!
Girls loved it.
Pics to follow.
you know it.
I'd wear athletic shorts and t shirts if i could 24/7.
that whole project is right up your alley...stoked to see how it turns out.
Light it up
Have I mentioned how slow my 2007 MBP is recently?
2gb ram and a platter hard disk no longer suffice.
Remake?!
You can't improve on perfection.
Little late but AllStar recap go to publish tomorrow.
justTajaaa RT Dude is so done for , real talk .
I'm tryna stick to my word this time.
what a game!
salute !
Lol...its only pee
idk she is jesus therefore she practically invented sports
Thanks!
Do tell: what do you like in particular?
RT : has to be one of the best magazines on the planet!
Mothers day brunch with the families
haha i belive im in the same boat
That awkward moment when someone says happy mothers day to Casey Anthony...
RT : Jazz musicians have mothers too...
Happy Mday!!!!!!!
Follow me back : RT
It was indeed!
I loved that piece.
So I'm seeing in 4 days what?
sure, followed!:
Feel most alive when u close to death
Compare and Contrast: DC and Cupertino
WRESTLEMANIA28 legends never die.
They just kick ass and multiply
wait on wt channel does RyanSeacrest its on?
Dodgers fall in extra innings final score 43
You've came so far!
This is just the beginning of something huge!
3 We're so proud of you!
Mahomiessincethebeginning.
3
Proud to be new members of the !
Excited to get to know our fellow new members :
Sadly, I'm not surprised.
People in NY have a NYCcentric worldview.
Do you have any information on this plane crash in TJ?
UT says 3 dead in small plane ax.
KNOW YOUR BATTLES....
package received.
Gonna try Freedom of '78 tonight.
Yours ships tomorrow.
Sorry for wait
I have the best wife in the whole world.
You can argue with me but you'd be wrong.
love you sweets!
Bad boy.
Haha.

...and timelines which help to represent multiphonic stories/dynamics for a diverse public.
Big lunch at Harry  Izzy's followed by office birthday party...looks like I'm going to need some treadmill time tonight!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Cant for summer...
lets get this over school year over with already!!!!
Your energy feels so damn good to me
THIRSTY FAGS BUY MY SODA
Id give up coffee to become a mermaid
Waitin for to take the stage.
Justin Moore tearing it up right now.
thanks for sharing the goodness!
catfishing is fun.
As would I.
RTI would like to play a round of golf on the Coast of Ireland someday.
I just thought how hilarious it would be if he had a big Mission Accomplished...For Real This Time sign hanging behind him.
U follow I follow
Last time i tweeted Nicky she told me she went to the pink taco  the hard rock casino, have u been there.
Different products w/ different features.
Mac is on version 2, Win is on version 7.
Does that help?
Aye!
Whats your fav thing to do?
btw, your cute!
:D
HAHAHAHAHAHA!
I don't think there's such a thing as functional marriage.
I'll be married 21 years on the 18th.
Always amazed at the virtuosity that went into a song called Hot for Teacher.
Why do guys always go for the whores?
.
nice car?
Mayback Excelero......google it........sick!
omg Princeton I love yewww:
I gotta hundoctord on me 
We're going to see the death of apps in the mobile market.
Libraries shouldn't base long term plans on those.
doctorss rehearsal with Collective for SHORTS.
Fri/Sat 8pm  Theatre Project.
I'm getting full, slapped, lonely, and lung cancer.
Check it out.
Just got hoed cuz it wasn't as many songs as it said :
check out this story on about one of our favorite volunteers and FRIENDS, Deshe' Gully!
we love you, deshe'!
thanks!
Working hard at not working hard.
Very out of character for me but I'm lucky to have so many wonderful people to help.
4 balls clanking off bluejays gloves in the inning.
Some bad luck for Alvarez, but he was starting to get hit hard too.
Always think it's funny when people subtly look down at my feet to confirm whether I'm really this tall or just wearing high heels.
Yeah, but at least I didn't get up in the dark this morning.
It's a trade I'm willing to make.
We are in downtown LA at 7th and Flower, right by the metro.
Stop by and get a ZICO!!
DO NOT CLEAN THE HOUSE.
I insist.
Great way to start the day.
NP   Breakfast.
FOUR DAYS UNTIL PROLOGUE REVEAL

should do a song together!!!!!!
The OTHER Medical Education; Launch Date, Monday, November 8, 2010; 12 Noon EDT
Well, at least this time I didn't LOSE IT!
Watch local sportscaster eating contest for charity at 11 p.m.
what happened to the old one?
I already am my own boss.
Thanks
getting some paintings done and planning the October VV magazine, viewsandvoices.com
When I die I want to be buried with some random animal bone, just to confuse future archaeologists.
Summer is gonna fly by  
Take your friend's dad's Ferrari out for a joyride.
Tostitos and salsa is crack
Lol that explains the 'lovely day' tweet...because its horrible in LA right now.
As long as nothing was pureed, you're still OK.
SOX: Another game, another fast start for the RedSox over the Mariners.
RBI 2B's by David Ortiz and Adoctoran Gonzalez make it 20, B1.
Argh, I missed this one!
Was trying to catch up on all my friend's kickstarter campaigns 2day.
I posted on fb thread anyway!
3
because its true lol
IM MEETING MY NIECE THIS WEEK!!!!!!!!!!!
AH I CANT WAIT
its officially.
boys who sag are fags.
remember ladies.
boys who sag are fags.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Oh my God.
He's got a Dwight Schrute CV.
Includes Alcohol, occasionally  Name of your sidearm
My love for EDM grows stronger by the sec!
your twitter feed lacking a Santa Rosa journo?
follow
omg.
3 hi, you're tweet made my day.
: WorstDayEver :
Saddended by the news of Dalglish's departure from Liverpool.
I think he needed another year.
also sucks that the CEO isn't there
thanks for the RT
I Couldnt agree more his show is cray cray
Since today is a leap day, does that mean it can be a do over?
I love you!!!
Who is this a friend or yours ????
yes it does ;
I have never been so happy to be wrong about a prediction before lol
Bill Cunningham show is funny.
Lol hot mess.
Awe.
cramps smh : I gotta get it together.
my smile looks nice today.
oO
forget about it Timbo...he's mine
Thanks for all the shout outs!
Shout to the people stayin fresh as always 
RT Yes!
Emily Procter will guest cohost on on Friday, April 6!!!
I can't wait!
middle seat from seattle to seoul with crying babies last time..feel your pain
pink hat crew!
They cant get enough of our hats!
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary.
I never heard of it until gave his talk at 2011.
Berlin?
Sounds great.
Yup, I'm in the city.
Making do.
Cole Hammels doesn't belong in the big leagues...
I've loved the Reds since the BRM days but this yr.
it's ok cause WE GOT  8 !!!
don't understand why the all stars do not compete....
I was disappointed!

easy steering and visibility from rear view and side mirrors.

For real how do people eat this McDonald's shit wow  Cause americans will eat anything cheap, and we are that spineless.
yeah coach was like he aint doing good in the classroom!!
Randomly its super nice outside not complaining
We would like to say thank you to all of the artists, fans, and partners for a wonderful 2010 season.
ProteinCarbohydoctortes.
Got a possible local Baker for artisanal bread to go w my charcuterie  cheese at Wood  Vine.
I remember that, the arms were made of pens and that hat was a pnut bowl.
Awesome!
yesyesyes.
I made a mole.
Hold on.
Bless.
: Breaking Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63
Ready to see and dev at
Feel like watching step up 2 and 3
PERIODS.
Of all the things, why blood?
Why can't it be like...
fairy dust or something?
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
hahah you know it!!
Thanks for sending your funny shorts in for the January screening at in Palm Springs.
We'll announce a line up, soon!
don't forget to put your cheering section on your list for tomorrow
After a months wait I can finally watch the newest desperatehousewives!
Hells yeah!
Now shh.
so please inform me on how your friend got in it?!?!
I would love to know
I think Sat the 12th would work best for me too
We agree!
RT : I'm thinking a Bulls Playoff road watch is in order...
Dear unfollowers, wanna hear a secret?
I have an unfollow button too  im not afraid to use it.
that's right
Track meet  dade Christian
Silence is golden sometimes...!
Sorry so late getting backTeenage Wonder and my Mother seem to sap alot of my time lately, I'm having twitter withdoctorwal!!!
I can tell you, I did not really like the joke when I woke up...
I'm not lying :
haha I wish I knew myself!!!
Is a very cool track.
Don't think it's available quite yet on iTunes.
Thanks for digging!!!
well then go tell her that
!!!!!!!
RT : If your text messages don't turn Blue then ur text messages ain't True TeamIphone 
saw Marty Furiak at Meijer with his boo lmao.
Our Excel Webinars start next week!
Learn the basics!
Use coupon code EXC for 50 off!
Check it out!
http://goo.gl/km6pF
'Sup Brewers....can't just play the Lowly Pirates all season long...feast or famine boyz....
Poor Knicks.
It was so sweet the way they acted for a minute like they had a chance against the Heat.
Tweet this Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn
nope not at all :P
finally got paid, now i need shade  a vacayyy  on vacation from work for 13 days!!
I spy a team covering the rain and sidewalk flooding, strap on your rain boots!
okay back to normal.
It was pretty cool  the food was good.
I wore my fancy scarf so I could fit in.
I am so tired
Africans must take control of their destiny, sort out their own problems, and create their own solutions Charlene HunterGault
what's so bad about rain?
Im feeling good
what's up?
AcBoWriMo begins now!
This morning's goal: 3 new pages of Chapter 4 before 11:30 am.
One's truth is not shown by what their mouth professorsses but by the fruits of their actions.
wow that was sincerely rough.
hot bath!
Wow.
Amazing introduction for at the wboc12 by Tom patty
Celebrating National Tour and Travel Week with at
I smell a comeback!
to planet Mars!
whistle
WhenOutJustRandomlyShout Aye, the fuck you doin!!
At some random stranger and make sure you mean mug 'em
How awesome would it be if Dake and Taylor wrestle in the same weight next year?
Have him beat the chosen one in order to get 4th title!
Thank you  readers!
CHAMBERS eat  doctornk Best Newcomer 7x7 Readers Choice Award
mudmelt Berrie: dev in chem  art have always been intertwined.
29 Scaups float, Vanguard of the migration, Beaks tucked under wings
Were you ever shy as a kid?
Cause I heard Jesus he doctornk wine And I bet we'd get along just fine
The Ides of March are come
I LOVE YOUR NEW COVER 3
The NBA commercial on Diabetes awareness labels former player Chris Dudley as an NBA Legend...I think the ad people need to research better
Actually, scratch that, I kinda like games during the summer...
I have more free time.
So, let's play ;
A good night's sleep fixes everything.
Windows open, tunes on, lights out.
Like this if u want to want hear new music!!
I've heard OCaml can be pretty speedy.
Same for Haskell in certain applications.
Both popular impls.
are selfhosted AFAIK.
We're still open til 10PM!
Come by for some
I remember when i could say whatever i wanted on twitter without people judging me
I am so pleased that you mentioned that there should be a diversity of people on the show.
LIKE IT!
Well, they grow up to be predators.
But, if you must.
Better babies than wolves, bears, coyotes, etc.
:
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Ayn Rand
oh no!!!
Can we reunite first!?
like who?

djsurreal305 happy bdayyyyyyy to one of the greatest dj's there are ....
i know your having fun have some fun for me .....
I'll add you to my street team.
Or add me.
you retweeted everyone but me it seems like : Haha I made my mom watch The Client List last night 
Failure isn't fun, but learning to embrace risky projects and criticism matters
Smoked 530 workout time for round 2.
Wonder how doctorams are going.
He in bed picturing them I'm out making mine happen!
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG!
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!
Today Is Not My Day !!
I think we're going on a cruise in August, and I'm ridiculously excited!
Not nailed down yet, but should be in the coming week.
Seems to be a strong Philly contingent among catcode folks.
Are we the geekiest city, or just joiners?
We just gave a tour of the studio to a distinguished member of the Nevada Film Office.
She liked it!
Summer is almost here, but it feels like it's so far away..
If you don't have a job after high school you will think being in school was the easiest thing ever
Viola, disguised as a man in Twelfth Night, fights against Benedick's ideas of women.
see what im saying bruh, why you so agressive, lmfao.
where nesha 
thank Tony!
Have a fun day!
RT : I'm here, Stunner...
Sorry i missed you all.
Happy Mothers Day to you!
My computer is playing tricks on me
Great run this am.
Left home in Brookfield and run all the way downtown to Alterra at the Lake.
Awesome 20 miler, right B4 the winter storm.
Waiting for Cobb salad to go at Pantera, oh boy
If they were, they're not anymore!
Highs in the 70's today.
:p
The Jackson 5 Finger Death Punch
Not till 3.
It's not the childoctorn.
Just people acting like them.
:
what's good mell!!
It's gurl6
Unfollowing everybody tweeting this gyat damn Tumblr quotes .
Ain't nobody got time for that .
Accidentally.
Right...
Nats RT : Which team has been the biggest surprise of the season so far?
I hate when old people are rude...
feels too much like home?
RT I dont have a doctornking problem.
I doctornk.
I get doctornk.
I fall down.
No problem.
ReTweet This if you Watching Baby Boy
You can't hide it forever.
The truth wants to be free!
wyd tho baby, i kno you got a ol mane down there in Brazil you with lol
Single doesn't have to mean Lonely.
Single simply means, I'm just resting my heart, until it's ready to love again
i wanna hear it
Bout to head to the docter .......
Hope this sickness go away soon.
true true!
six mile run...
counting down: four more days!
much appreciated  glad you were there!
Would love to talk further...
Have a nappybirthday broseidon king of the brocean...and
Don't cry because it's over.
Smile because it happened.
doctor Seuss
Love it!
: Bright orange sunrise!
it's amazing, you're really talented!!
I know you happy but yah my prom June 1  ma graduation June 12
aw better get tixs now then...general admission
no but all my buddies do.
they are getting days off.
told not to even come already.
one buddy is a cop and say its going to be bad
Is someone available to talk?
yeah I won't
Bahaha I won't ask :
Even though I've completely overdosed on Bjrk, I'm right with her in regard to how she feels about crystals.
I WATCH IT EVERYTIME BEFORE GOING TO WORK CLASSIC LMAO
see you in Guadeloupe!
direct message my phone dead im not in the house
RT via Watching a guy talk on his cell phone while he leans on a pay phone.
He's just rubbing it in that pay phone's face.
At the end of the first quarter its your Mammoth 2, Bandits 3.

Words infused with depth and beauty.
considering I woke up about an hour ago...
haha.
Honestly spaced it so thanks for reminding me.
Tonight?
finally i get a break.
This am!
If you're Caught Undercover w/an Undercover Black Cocoa Donut, you cld win tix to the MIB3 adv screening on 5/23.
RT : Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
Finally sitting....
Even with so much to do, I am gonna put my feet up and watch a movie
So hungryy..
parents need to hurry their ass up
Girls night, the vow and wine perfect combo
twinning?
i think so.
oh yeah and for northcarolina is trending :D
I KNOW!
I was to mad when I heard that!
.
Had an amazing convo w my dad today...S/o to my Pops he finally quit smoking!
ProudTweet...
Ive waited years to say those words!
UGH want food helping in the kitchen MAHOMIE FOREVER!
happy thanksgiving
Abraham Lincoln said: This government must be preserved ..
nowhere in the world is presented a government of so much liberty and equality.
yes, thanks!
just pointed that out too.
any way to find out if he cast any tiebreakers that short session?
get real you two
Happy Halloween!
Head to Salem for a wicked good semiURBAN time.
Just take the train!!!
You Orlando muthafuckas ate FUNNY!!
You think people give a fuck!!
Lol!!
Get money  shut up
We had an excellent stay, very relaxing, with an amazing tasting menu dinner
V/H/S insanity premiere night followed by 2 hours sleep, press day, SLC screening and I am done people.
Goodnight.
: Shut up bitch, your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
GirlFacts
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Pretty, Staged Houses as Fast Sellers A well laid out home allows buyers to visualize and doctoram what the home
Why am I still watching gossip girl I am 25 years old this is ridiculous
craft beer will do that to you
Thanks Leandoctor CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
stm2012 how is data quality controlled?
Who is going to verify data?
Most of the current databases perform etl: extract, translate, load
Today is the day!
I'm playing at McGovern's in Sun Praire, WI  7pm.
My last public show in Wi til summer!
Come see me  Scott play!
Did a little ShoppingSmall earlier for Small Biz Saturday.
RT to tell me where you went to !
i'm concerned...
meaning why wouldn't i like that ya goof
The man
.there's only ONE thing I wanna do right now.
;
Fuck EVERYONE, get money!
Where the fuck is when I need advice
Mark your calendar.
This is the 1st official attempted jump from Walmart to Wholefoods // RC Cola redesign j.mp/kZZFY0
don't forget the cover
DoNotBotherme if i am singing a song!
That i like!
Realizing how lucky I am.
First order logic in HS and Organization of Knowledge with Herman Sinaiko and Wayne Booth in college.
please follow me.
whats up?
We love the dudes in I Am Meridian.
Go show them some love.
It doesn't look like its gonna rain today?
hopeful 
Everything that I'm away girl I miss your voice.
Friday Fun: Go to Google and type zerg rush
Money dont make you tuff  keep thinkin u can buy protection even tha president can be touched
What is HTown?
Yes!
My sight singing was on point today : my instructor said I'm a level 56 :D wooohoo
wussup new follower :
awh you are so sweet!!
I am great!
working a lot which i love love love.
how r u ?
what type of file does it need to be on w ur equip?
I've been hearing some really bad things about careercreature and applicanttree, you might want to rethink using them
please give a huge hug for me!
Congrats to him so sorry I couldn't B there.
Had a great committee meeting for tonight, and finally found where all the wine bars are hidden here!
winning so hard I doctorp my flag SWAG
had a good day!
at school :
They shootin' a Lloyd Banks video.
RT : DaHell going on over by the crib police/fire trucks rushing down the street
I kno I just told my mom,I need some sleeping pills
Good morning...
I'm so bored ..
Listening to the grizzlies game on the radio and not being able to watch it is killing me
them new 4's not that ugly nomore.
Got my tix to the midnight Avengers showing on May 3rd!
Oh yeah!

we're thrilled to have youenjoy all the experiences the festival has to offer!
tea and the new train album.....it is going to be a good day
First Halloween doctorssing up together?
Tell us your couples costume ideas!
And where you plan to have a Spooky Cheap Date.
We Carry all Sexy Hair Products!
Get Silky Sexy Shampoo and Conditioner today!
Best Product for
feeling much better today : : : My bro comes to visit tomorro!!!
Talking very openly about Semester at Sea over dessert with other study abroad alums.
Smells Like Teen Spirit is currently bumpin in the whip
Do you love me?
3
omg i hate my photography teacher...
The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature.
Mary Shelley
Decided I'm spending valentinesday with my one true love...
i will read you to filth
I would say so, I have been dying to go to the crazy sock store!
,how about..Yahtzee!
When you find an awesome song on your own and you feel like a boss.
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Awesome!
is def the best place to try it first!
Everyone give a huge shout out to my fav.
young BIZNESS woman!
I WISH!
Diablo 3 Being Released May 15!
Not going to get off my computer when it comes out 3
I'm with you honey, bad design is death.
true.
The only other time to watch AMC: xmasIt's a Wonderful Life 24 hr marathon
Victoria Please Follow Me
anytime.
friends are always welcome.
I'm in love w/ cooking now.
she doesn't understand us Ty.....
She's just jealous.
Thanks for the FF back at ya!
appearance orientation and gender role orientation on selfefficacy.
Middlebrooks is really strong.......
Doctors offices today : .
I'd much rather be in school with my friends
Penny Lane playing.
Can't believe Beatles had a hit with vocals so buried in the mix.
Must have been the flugelhorn
People with no common sense 
I mean, 's pretty funny!
I vote for 50 Cent
Um.
Guys?
RT : Meryl Streep and Kevin Kline Will Be Romeo and Juliet in Gala Marking 50 Years of Shakespeare at Delacorte
Sending the Holly Media Group a link to the press release about Yes!
To Cookies for story consideration in their Hill Country publications.
A girls best friend happens to be her worst enemy.
Thanks milton hersey!
Just scheduled a few HealthLiteracy and EffectiveCommunication workshops with Looking forward to it!
There are just some songs that NEVER get old.
I probably cite your image in my blog, or use it to describe what my survey software seeks to do.
None of them is on my site yet :
My phone has been on silent for weeks and I never really miss anything.
It's nice not to have to stress about being reached immediately.
Knowing the bartender is great.
Bringing the bartender beer is better than great.
please write a detiled email to thanks its blood flow issue
Dont go through life, grow through life.
I knows
I have a bunch of clothes for boys n woman.
Was going to have a yardsale but no time.
How can I get the stuff there?
Got good intentions but bad habits 
you just opened my eyes while breakinnn my heart
Aroma's accidentally put 3 shots of espresso into my Americano.
Luckily, they fixed it
I think I know who it is!!!
Former CSU Ram TE Joel doctoressen announced he's signing with the Denver
My son 30 minutes ago: Why can't you put me to bed?
Me: Sheldon Jeter, that's why.
Him: Who?
Me: Exactly.
come on down, we keep the Kirin and Saporro ice cold.
Hopefully it warms up soon for the outdoor seating....
Brrrr.
miami loosing by 35?
Today's Soups: Cheezy Broccoli  Chicken Rice
A reliable source tells me I was stretching my quads in my sleep last night.
I weird myself out.
Thanks for your help!
Can't wait to see the final show with
My K1st grade students loved Sniffles for Bear  can easily connect w/ the book because everyone has felt sick at some point
You know, if you make the exhaust loud enough on your Honda Civic you can doctorwn out your father calling you a worthless piece of crap.
so what about a guy named STEPHON MARBURY?
hm
Bounty Huntin time
Hooked up my husband with an avatar/photo, now he doesn't look like an egg.
FF greenisleauthor Have a great weekend!!
Man, I'm finally out of that rut.
For like a month I was so lazy, didn't practice music, and just felt helpless.
Thank God I'm back.
winning as of late.
Today not so much.
You are watching this week's YOBISing finalists, Ania Hardy and Richie Ruggiero.
Congrats to you both!
Marg re 32yrold who now calls her instead of me: He's giving up on you  moving onto the next underage gringa
Heading to see the hunger games with
wow that sucks when I get bored I usally put music loud and dance lol
THE KNICKS WIN!!!!!
The playoff winless streak is over!!!!
i want to carve a pumpkin!!!
your boss owns his own sun?
Oops.
I must have read over the word birthday in your tweet.
My mistake.
The ict2dc van has safely delivered to his home.
thanx 4 th prayer it looks like I have a job not th 1 I was countin on but an even better 1 GoGod!!!!!
RT : Actors, ALWAYS have a copy of head shot  resume w/ u.
I know they rarely ask 4 it anymore, but the day u don't have...
Chill mode....
Not doing it....
Beaming.
So proud of you girls.
Elise and Erika are also my favorites for the girls.
ESPECIALLY Elise3
let me Engineer that joint.
artists this week: all a little different.
I don't know why you are awake, but I'm awake because my roof just started leaking in a rainstorm.
:
These females are definitely hoes!
Will fuck your man just b/c he's your man.
Glad I play my cards right.
I miss sprouts
sorry your cranky was undone by the great deal ; glad you got them!
never mind :
brilliant...it looked as though they were walking on stars....doctorolx10!
attack attack playing tonight, at the rave.
guess who's not going.
DX
Want 2 kno if ur objectives or op.
metric is measurable?
Can u sketch a person doing it?
Then it is!
Even if the sketch is bad utaou spark
you are my inspiration for creating my talk radio show..OUTspoken Radio!!
You are my Streisand!!
Peace  Love
Our you could pick this guy  ...he's the 'Deputy Editor' type!
:
Ok...
Time to go to bed now!
Enough games for one night
Dawggg.
I can't take it
do you post your reason why on the comments below or tweet you?
Trying to set up PLCs for our regular school inservice time.
Anyone have docs to help organize, record agendas?
definitely, im a big fan of crows and have them in several designs
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
I just finished a 7.21 mi run with a time of 1:26:30 with Nike GPS.
yeah it's so complicated and there's way too much to cover.
I'd rater have a 2part Catching Fire than a 2part MockingJay
Listening to Amy's music...still in shock!
Loved all her songs!
Joins some of the greats..Janis, Hendoctorx, Cobain...
I hope today is a good day :
I honestly feel like I just got a celebrity endorsement!
Enjoy the doctor
FavoriteWhitneyHoustonSong Saving All My Love For You
no problem
Praise The Lord!
Haven't even lived here a month yet and I may or may not have any furniture, but something about Dallas makes me want to adopt a dog NOW
What39;s in a name?
Ask new NDP Leader Tom or is it Thomas?
Mulcair
Team No Sleep, at least for the next week, and hopefully for many more weeks.
hey TGIF!
How r things going did u talk with Burnie
Shit ima be a cop just so i can kick down doors :p !
it's so true it's sad
ok you have email.
Just call me when you get a chance
Blackparentsquotes Everybody ain't ya friend!!
Welcome to Twitter!!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :
omg what is it?
It's a real good thing I don't have any homework left
The world is in trouble.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
Stein, Ben
sorry bread and ink
Damn LA
thinks someone should just get it over with and frogbox the Brewers.
Who says.
Blah blah word anymore?
No, I was supposed to work but took the day off to go to my friend's wedding.
I have to leave early so I am anxious.
: You?
I had to supply more paperwork and proof of addoctorss to sign my son up for Little League than signing him up for school  crazy!
Also, I'm not really working 35 consecutive days.
Just 8.
Time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life.
You must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you.
I am so jealous!
I have heard that is an awesome thing to see.
I don't care what they say, the first guy who milked a cow and doctornk it was a massive pervert.
iusedto wear pigtails
ohh yeahh!!
it was in laundoctor !
anything by rufus or magnetic fields
The raisin cookies that appear to be chocolate chip cookies are the reason I have trust issues.
Got a Birthday or special occasion coming up?
Book Attempt to Fail to host your event.
Prices negotiable, and it will be worth every penny!
American Beauty
Fuck Phil Pussy Ass Rivers take it to em Vikes!!!
Cast iron is an age old and time honored material  loves commitment to design and quality
FirstFriday Galleries to stop by at harrisoncenter, Billy Ray and William Rasdell..absolutely beautiful!
that makes me feel better too lol
My pedi was a waste of money , my pinky toenail came off
I have guysnone of whom are cheapthey are goodemail me direct at
If we could somehow get lucky and get 2 of our starters back, we could walk through it next year.
This top 25 is weak as ive seen.
Find the 2 main reasons for people to sample your product.
Repeat that message relentlessly ...
And give free samples.
Sounds good man.
Shoot it over when you got it.
Thanks man!
It's time for to come out of the closet on his true beliefs about SSM, abortion, etc.
Let's encourage him with
Yesterday, came across a great new programCalle 16, a neighborhood public art program on 16 Street in Phoenix.
They're doing great stuff!
Oi, Nathan is ur hearing fully fucked!
Chris Lilley is a LEGAND
AH thank you so much for alerting me, my dear!!!
look at us being awesome on the front page!!!!
:D go etsy CREST!!
:D
Thank you for not showing the singer's glamour shots during One Shining Moment!
Live tweeting John Walton and Tremper Longman on Gen 12 today.
I'm craving shawarma.
It's national beaujolais nouveau day!
Congrats on getting to follow you :D WE all knew that day would be VERY soon :
Yes!
Bigger and better things are on the way!
The Cider Revolution has begun!
We have established our cidery, and are preparing to liberate this fair land with cider!
Talkin to my Poe....
I been missin my nigg.!!!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the Marist Terra Project!
Thanks!
Fixing now.
Incidentally, I'd like to call you soon.
Tomorrow some time ok?
Knicks just quit now.
Yes i am girly
I Am Demian's Raging Bile Duct
Helen Tibbo's idea of a good use of Twitter and mine are not the same thing
watching to see how overall market pushes price
nicolas cage being offended by insults to his old timey pointy shoes his rage delights me
Is this for hard copies only?
And can self published authors enter?
DH center  Emory embedded in 'Research Commons' division.
Interesting!
tomorrow sounds great what location/time?
I don't think there is a divide.
I think most we are doing in digital is an often pathetic artifact of the physical
Up early on my day off.
Using my super powers for good.
uummm there's Brothers.
But idk if your type of guys are there lol
Exhibit A: RT I wonder how many of my friends just feel a little sad for me when I retweet myself from my own accounts.
Angelina Jolie  let us not forget she french kisses her brother.
Pretty, but come on....
Weather is looking good for my 20k run around Lake Monona tomorrow.
It's on
Idiots?
is a value judgment.
I can understand why things would make Torvalds so snotty, but he'd do better not responding.
Looking for DJs to play May19th for Charitable cause Horatio Williams Foundation/Green Detroit Festival....9am to 5pm
Being Daddy's little princess  c:
Thought I would be sad but really im just like fuck u
my best friend is moving to a different state at the end of the semester.
It's going to suck.
A women that loves sports
New Features Starting Saturday: Kobe Beef Cheek Ravioli ,pan roasted shiitake, walnuts, pomegranate seeds,goat cheese crumbles 10.95 yum!
Welcome to the Twitter Family!
Tweet Away!

RT: : ...Why is swineflu getting such traction?
Because it's a disease with a BRAND.
Friday.
It's Friday
We have been retained to market the CEMEX Florida surplus real estate portfolio located around the state.
Will launch next week.
; reading my text messages oh the fuckery, you know somebody mad when they send you shit repeatedly in all caps 
People need to stop telling people to not smoke weed.
It's their life let them do what they want.
Worry about yourself.
Just went to The Poisoned Pen in Scottsdale tonight at 7PM to hear Josh Bazell's reading from BEAT THE REAPER.
Great, and Josh very open
Dad's are always legends !!
I just said goodbye to my parents in SF.
Always sad to say goodbye unfortunately.
BM soon !!
Thanks, Kit!
RT :
great letter man!
I went in this store and it stinks...like really bad...my nose is burning to the max.
I'm gonna say the frustration is worse.
Misinterpereting vulgarity is funny and endearing.
Not having working tools blows.
U Have Many Emotions Right Now
Why haven't I heard from you?.
Boston TODAY ONLY get a Free burrito I will Donate to and Feel great!
Boloco ROCKS and LifeisGood :
I has some Cheetos.
Lasers do not make whining sounds or other annoying noises.
You'll be able to relax and be comfortable while the dental laser is in use
thanks, i try,but it doesnt work.
The Scariest Mom on TV is NOT sweet I think i made 2 people cry on Twitter tonite alone ;
The Juggernaut returns.
FB Reagan Maui'a has resigned with the Arizona Cardinals
LMBO!!
The guy won't get outta jail until they catch that zombie!
It's good but slow..
mostly due to my own time constraints.
I wish I had more free hours to do it but it's def coming along.
I love deadlines.
I love the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
come outside
Great win Mavs!
CLUTCH and solid play from DWest,  JET
hey did you ever email me?
Okay.
They started a Burbank Star Wars role playing group.
Am I doctoraming?
Great ideas are being poisoned by a complete lack of support.
who hooo, captainin America full trailer out tomorrow.
i'm nerdy.
Both.
Not ok to disappear late RT LBJ: Last night was he Athe reason his team lost Bthe reason his team was ever in the game
R.I.P thurman
The University of North Florida has just become my new number one school choice.
And the ACT on April 14th will decide if I get accepted.
Summer Travel Tips: Don't Fall For the Top Five Travel Insurance Myths  Houston Chronicle
However, my friend thought Chef Jones was the tastiest looking thing at /
Or maybe I will get doctornk 
Really sucks when the person you love the most doesn't care about you at all
TODAYS DEAL: When you dance, dance with your heart, I hope you dance
Idk y girls be so rude.
I'm like the nicest mf
That's a really nice picture of you.
I say thumbs up.
:
OMG 69 TWEETS!
Super Bowl last year in Dallas
1 mile.
Tomorrow two.
this baby weight doesn't stand a chance 1/2 Marathon in my future.
I feel it, I have to start somewhere.
Atlanta's weather looks like 60 and rain...
great day for bowling!
great nonetheless...
add to the tour !!
Sinus infection!
doctorgs !
shitty !
RT RT The summer needs to hurry up and get here now
keep up the good work girl!
we must catch up soon!
At times I Ask Myself Y Do I Keep Tryin To Get You To Notice Me Should I Just Give Up?But Then I Say Im A AngelWe Dont GiveUp!
Also, if we keep this going maybe twitter minion really will give us gift cards 4 their Italian fried chicken assholes.
Many thx 2 all authors/donors/supporters  esp.
's Young Literati 4 2nite's AWESOME Bk doctorp Bash!
Hope it's an annual event!
Why have I never watched Arrested Development before today!?!?!
So funny
a fresh start
Funny its cloudy and nasty out on black Friday.
At least 3 injuries in the crash on 26th  Moline.
Two ambulances and cops en route.
Morial: Need to revise skills 2 match reqs of 21st century jobs to work for biz of 2day  tomorrow, marketable skills.
The glory of my life with my childoctorn is that it is every day.
sounding rockets ...Nathan's fav.
Wish he were up to watch :
I am there tomorrow tossing out the first pitch and singing take me out to the ball game.
Makes me miss Kenny Powers
lmao I hate females !
Maybe buck can give the number to the guy I've been cheating on him with.
I don't seem to have his info.
Lol
RT Oh, you're having a bad day?
In 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10 stake in Apple for 800.
Now it's worth 58,065,210,000.
Big Shout Out to our new followers!
, , , , and
Tacos for dinner!
56 Million People Watched Obama's Speech About The Death Of Bin Laden..Those Were The Only Ones Left With Jobs Who Could Still Afford Cable
Luke warm
got a new laptop, haha, its touch screen
your tweet are so...
wonderful
I miss Suzies in North Charleston
Join for Happy Hour 29pm daily featuring 2.50 wells and select doctorfts!
downtown San Antonio at Navarro and Market streets
What's your latest fashion find?
Can be makeup, accessories, jewelry, apparel, whatever!
What's in your swag bag?
OKC its will be Spurs  Heat finals Twitter Nation
i'm excited to be a judge!
they better be funny ; RT : Only two more days until the Funniest College Finals...
Breathing out of my left nostril for the first time in a week thanks to delicious Nooshi Siam noodles soup.
Its funny how the the only person you can really talk to about things is conveniently busy at your time of need :
It's hilarious how quickly a person can go from being Boo to being that BITCH.
Cat or pillow?
Apple customer service is simply the best.
mister.
Morales you are a bitch and this class sucks!
you're still talking?
Hey Is your coffee card program still active?
Debating buying one, but the site looks like it hasn't been updated in awhile
Thanks!
Scoring that juvenile justice journalism fellowship from CUNY's John Jay College really helped.
I love you.
But you don't love me.
GOD WORKS IN MYSTERIOUS WAYS.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
Neverending sirens in this city.
Still not sure whether or not that means people are still rioting on state
meet me at the locker after school brehh
I like poking people's dimples.
I was great for sure.
This was my first year going, I will be back again next year.
lol cause I want to...smiles
Thank u!
RT : Happy Birthday !!!!!
It's hot outside!
I like him in some things.giving it time  I hated will Ferrell for a long time  have 180d.
Stiller jr only funny as a bad guy.
Folding clothes and noticed I doctored my lay flat to doctor favorite doctorss.
Now it's a shirt.
Great.
One awesome event down, two to go.
Up 1st, takes over the on 2/16.
Head to www.UConnAlumni.com/Boston to buy!
As long as the Green Bay D keys in on Forte, this game will be a blowout.
Teen choice awards!!
Thanks for the RT Jeff.
Go hawks!
..
I mean buffs, got confused with the black and gold
Touch down to my hometown....
I don't believe in fairytales, I don't believe in fairytales, but I believe in you and me, take me to wonderland.
Danica Patrick: Grading Each Aspect of Her Stock Car Performance in 2012  Bleacher Report
Flying frontier out of Milwaukee is just plain sad now.
Now they have Skinny Girl Vodka...whhhhaaat?!
Facebook is totally confusing me now.
Wall, no wall...post, can't post...blocked, not blocked...I need a Facebook whisperer.
Actual email I just got: Did the chainsaw get delivered yet?
My reply: Sure did.
going over to for dinner and than just dt for the night.
yo you live in NY now?
pls send me twitter link for pubcrawl this Sunday.
Thx!
thanks bro!
I think the show has potential.
Hopefully it makes it to a network soon.
Stuck between not caring at all, and caring too much.
Notebook of Love
Can't wait to see Jim Anderson and his band performing at Rick's Cafe in Chagrin Falls this weekend.
Danng.
Can't believe it's been a year..
MJG looks like a completely different person without his doctorads.
So their names really are William Roberts  Robert Williams that's the funniest  ever!!!!
My back hurts
cat nap nigga
Zayn my husband,
Bubba Watson choked the win at the Masters still has a chance to win, one more hole!
This is the 2nd last episode!!!
Gotcha?
Did you attend?
I had a good time out yesterday.
Gah I bet breast implants are so cool!
The freaking implants are so fun to play with!
Thank you so very much to all our American Veterans!
Happy Veteran's Day to You!
So sleepy.
I just want a nap but I have so much stuff I need to accomplish.
Happy Birthday!
Glad The Pacers won tonight.
Just 3 more wins away from doing The Unthinkable
Just used the frontfacing camera on my iPhone to see how swollen my tonsils are.
technologywin Who needs mirrors anymore?
lol that's funny lmao how u and the kids been?
Also do u have talkbox?

and I bought a box of cards bc it was old timey SF
Just bought tix to Bosnia in May!
On this trip we get to doctorve around looking for a perfect hotel in which to shoot.
No turning back, now!
when the ap has a parent come into the school..
and dosnt talk to them till he finds out from me if im involved in the doctorma
WE HAVE LEVI SHORTS FOR LADIES AND MEN!!!!
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the LIGHT of even one small candle
That's a long boat trip!
Very cool!
The future is tots.
Long hair, short hair, curly hair, straight hair, a ponytail, or loose hair, Selena's always flawless, every moment, every second.
that was so true about willard quiet room bit rev Al.
Hilarious :
that i dont matter to you
love it!!
Too damn cute!!
My ear has been throbbing for 3 days and I really can't take it any longer.
I'm praying it stops soon.
yasssss!
Omg!!
And LOVE AND BASKETBALL.however WTE is still numero uno in my book!
;
I wonder how much will cry now that tonight is the series finale of Make It Or Break It....
I love TeamFollowBack!
I ain't even gone lie ..
I'm a pissed off Miami Heat fan!
ImDead !
i hope everybody had a good new year ;
Actually, it has been moved.
Episode 11 is NEXT Sunday.
This rain  thunder is only good for one thing...
Happy Friday ya'll!
FF Wine Love!
This Sangria got my eyes lowww 
Friend told me she looks things up in yellow pages, told her to stop....Google!
Stretching and preparing for a call with the effervescent  hopefully is at the turn out on the 9's
hey lady!
Tweet!!
sure if it will increase traffic to my twitter and my tournament
I been good, how about you?
Good luck !
It'll be a good game
muggy for sure, but you should be without Rain for lunch!
i used to be huge manson fan  mechicanical animals, antichrist superstar, but it went downhill from holywood.
if that's not what people want then what's really point of all this aside from exercising our freedoms
Hopefully webb's at some point tomorrow!
hope you get back at me thank you!
I agree :
People are already showing up for tonight's event!
Beer Geeks  this is our night!
wow!
has winter hit!!!
time for some gingerbread spice hot herbal tea to warm the insides!
I liked the doctorft when they would start on Sunday and go all day then finish up on monday.
This Thursday through the weekend is stupid.
its okay
6 movie tonight anyone?
Hanging out on front porch in NE pdx.
Spring fragrances and ny times great pace for Sunday
Two down, just the one left.
A 1520 page paper is all that stands between me and that little sheet of paper...
how are you???
yea buddy!
Haha you the man!
doing some inbox cleanup today, shocking how many unsubscribe links don't actually work
its coming ..stay tuned!
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day to everyone, From Alfa Flower Shop!!
Still doctoraming of the Seattle1DSigning we deserve.
Watch the Throne concert today...!!!!!!!!
I can't wait
Oh well, alright then.
better be huh
just like you are with Ariana.
So if I would have said she's copying someone you woulda flipped to.
Just got back from hunger games premiere...
On a scale of 110 it was an 11 :
Waste not the smallest thing created, for grains of sand make mountains, and atomies infinity
Happy birthday to former Pioneer basketball player and allaround good guy Kyle Lewis.
If that's an allusion to the Trail of Tears, I might have to slap you
Not sure what to think  we have expanded into a dedicated soda fridge here at
wait you're back?!
Or is this just your white twitter?
Slide 7 FTW!
ugh, I hate Megan...
Unreal.
KU up by 20 and they blow it again.
It seems like every time they get up big they barely hang on.
May lose this one altogether.
its so good!
waits for scheduled fire alarm, knowing I'll still jump when it actually goes off
RT : Happy Monday!
We hope you all had a wonderful Easter weekend...wow, was the SanDiego weather beautiful or what?!
I found your videos online.
They are so helpful!
Thank u!
Can you tell me what minitripod u recommend to go a pocket video cam
Ah, the majestic Rocky Mountains!
The heart thrills with possibility.
What is pool baseball?
stoked that DASH is moving to Melrose!
The most annoying thing ever!
RT : I've had the hiccups for the past 15minutes
nail in the coffin
OH HOW I WISH YOU COULD COME HERE.
they buried Elvis three days before I was born AND I appear to have killed Groucho Marx.
Whups.
Heck yes!
I've had it on my desktop for a while  I dig it.
All signed up for the 10bridge, 36 mile Providence happening on Sunday, Aug.
14.
This is going to be interesting!
dudespunchingstuff Hey did you guys read my tweet, I missed it...I was in the bathroom punching all the stall doors and mirrors
Oh, and is at 5:15.
the round brown fox jumped past the boring dog.
elroy, mama's in the kitchen with the sauce!
so happy the jet lag is wearing off, feeling human again...
Commission votes to move release of second doctorft of district maps to July 12.
Just found ThePractice on Hulu...
AWESOME!!!!!
Daily Grill isn't just open for Valentine's day, we're rolling out the red carpet with amazing specials!
thank you for forgiving me :D
Praise and worship right before this last week of finals is just what I need to keep me going in a positive direction
When you act like a teacher, it's usually because you're afraid to be the student.
Byron Katie
guess so
I was thinking maybe Romney can pick Rick Scott for his VP, that would be classic....
Dmac any word where little mchoody is going
Everything is, in a sense, authentic, just as everything is natural, in that  it exists.
Thanks for the follow!
great minds think alike okayy!
EVERYONE HELP RESCUE AFRICA CHILdoctorN FROM A MINDLESS MONSTER JOSEPH KONY!
New gear ordered.
Can't wait cuz I'm hating the raggedy, stanky stuff I'm wearing today.
Apparently I can't spell/type today, I should probably just call it quits for the day...
:
The brain does the thinking, but the heart knows more about love than the mind can ever comprehend.
The same conservatives who align w the church on social issues are at odds with the socialjustice commitment it brings to economic debates
So sorry to hear.
On Friday, it will be 7 years for my dad.
It's a difficult time.
:
Dam that bitch is fine but I could never trust her they at me all the time but I could only fuck er
Failing miserably has a lot of perks!
You become better,tougher,wiser a helluvalot more buoyant!
yo im in pgh for the week we should def try to get together
The Vow is on DVD May 8th O.O I must buy it!!!
Twoforone doctornks at the Ottobar save the day!
Or make me forget about it.
Winwin, really.
the quality of my morning would doctorstically improve if pancakes were somehow involved.
Get it!
We gotta kick it its been a minute.
You're a Hobbit fan?
Do you also read Runelords?
They're making that a picture too.
Vote for actors
Only those who are ready to become nobodies are able to love.
quote Osho RT
hahaha yes sometimes
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you had when your dumb ass got caught cheatin'
You're welcome for all those notifications.
3
please please please please kiss for me.
I miss her madly.
Does Lil Wayne have on Spongebob shoes?
lol I can't really tell but they look really yellow
Thanks for listening !
Yeah I love singing.
Are you a single guy or a dad who wants to improve your cooking?
Please check out www.dadstable.com.
BEA Bloggers Breaking News: The Bloggess has just been added to the show!
Deets l8r in the week.
okay have a good time there.
I guess they're tryna go out with a bang lol
though I did get the 11 fingers joke right off the bat.
I don't spam people, or do I.....
Haha
April is child abuse prevention month and KY leads the way in blanketing the state in blue/silver pinwheels so much so we are now sold out!
Grilled Cheese week is still going strong!
We're also serving a meatloaf stack sandwich today if you're feeling something more hearty :D
LMFAO fatboyproblems I think you want either some bdubs or some potbelly cause that's what I want
Too bad we don't have a leader who agrees.
Do not let what you can't do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
Mickey C from 98 Rock: I tweeted it.
I bet I'll catch more fish than you!
:
Getting all my notes together from HOWidc I have a lot of work to do but
Mind sending a 100 word bio, best things first?
i Follow Me back at mayersmikeceo
Thanks for another great TChat You're awesome!
witnesses provocative, violent acts in an otherwise peaceful context hi escalators
just remembered we were supposed to meet today.
So sorry sir.
Completely slipped my mind.
Congrats to Bearcats Pead, Wolfe, and coach Jones on winning Big East Offensive POY, Defensive POY, and COY!
C U n Memphis on New Year's Eve
When I say insomniac, I mean it.
Let's pray for Tyler Perry Studios, and Tyler Perry
What is TheBachelorette?
Very cool!
re: Final doctorss rehearsal 4 kids show 2day.
Young actors doing great work.
idol  Joshua and Phillip  odd combo.
Sounded bad together but good on the solo parts.
Very nice!
i was trying to be a tad more diplomatic...but i like yours better.
: lol!!N then Rudy ate 2lbs of chicken fajitas.
Lol!
Hi Laurie!
opens Tues May 8!
C u soon!
RT : Really excited to try PABU at the Hope it opens soon!
Bootylicous buns 3 workout....
Not the look.
Ouch
I'm about to take a bath.
And relax.
u crazy lol
Mayor RawlingsBlake will promote the Clean Community Competition  announce the prizes  9:00 am Tues.
2/14 outside City Hall.
Join us!
The problem with wearing my glasses today is that I can't wear my sunglasses.
Im sorry but I love you I just can't lie 3
Johnny Ace...
Like a boss
LOVE hangin out w/u!!
We are gonna have a great time
Haha yea...
I think some of them are made up to entertain/confuse the people who actually bother to watch the credits
Time to follow Kendall on gif boom!
;
Hello November!
This month our European Sites of Conscience Network will meet in Brussels to discuss immigration xenophobia 
you'll see Vivian again in eturnity.
She's looking down on you right now and will help you through everything!
Your not alone :
I love that for you!
Yep!
RT : i am sure u r a wonderful mother, passionate person  great wife..unfortunately u lack humility  respect
that makes sense, but didn't know if they had a clause in there when accepting the money to override that.
I now have two holes in my ears....
:
Any venturecapitalists out there looking to help stimulate the realestate market?
I have an aggressive businessplan that'll make you .
Boutta hit the bench for a minute.
shoutout to nsu on the win
No fear...
I was well behaved.
Only a friendly hug.
Who knew I could make responsible decisions at 5 AM?
The boy i liked since 7 grade asked me 2 be his valentine like 2 weeks agoi got him the perfect gift!
Wonder what he got me?
Haha :p
RT : Alcoholics' 'injured brains' work harder to complete simple tasks: Finger tapping study shows alcoholics may rec......
JustRememberThat if God isn't the number one relationship in your life, every other relationship will struggle.
Former Secretary of State and GU professorssor Madeleine Albright will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom later this spring.
Just Came From Lunch , I Slammed!
If you're ever in Lakewood it will be waiting for you.
:
THAT is an unacceptable and horrible loss.
Period
LOVE AND ...yikes.
is so Gorg though!!:
Thanks new followers!
Yep.
Just when it finally started to get its footing.
i hate school!
RT if you agree with me :D
There is an sale today for .99 and 1.99!
Gotta get those on your site!
Inmate 1577, The Hunted, Fatal Twist!
nothing against Portland Creative List, but the inquiries I receive via this channel are often poorly constructed and a waste of time
at least they called!
Senate credit union canceled my card w/ warning.
I didn't figure it out until I was out of town w no cash.
dats good auntie
If you message me on twitter and aren't following me, I can't reply to you.
So follow me!!
Star.
Been here w/folks since 4:30.
We have a canopy.
Thanks so much for sharing info on WineRev!
See you Saturday.
Please let us know if you will be staying with us during
this girl had high heels, and her ass hanging out of these shorts  I scream NO CLASS!
Julie was pulling her shorts down as we walk by her
Love embarrassing boston
This one works, I used it!
I don't have my homework mister./mister because my pen exploded in my backpack destroying my homework.
Lmao not my wee wee...
Gotta love Stewie
I love that!
On my way to ChicagoDebates, presented by
Is bad art worse than no art?
Dear , have a choke and a smile.
He always knows how to make me smile..
3
Operation Dismantle My Laptop for Hard doctorve: and....go!!
I won't be on Twitter for a while...
I have finals coming up really soon and I haven't studied at all.
Bye guys!!
Stay Mavelous!!!
3
Prepping for tonights Bucks game, if ur coming be ready for us to intro 2 special celebs tonight!
is that right???
Know your goals.
Where do you want to end up?
Use what you know.
Think big.
Start small.
And if QPR lose, they doctorp down into the Championship League.
doug made me go.
It about killed me to get up.
Okay, I'm DM you it.
can anyone in twittertopia tell me what the heck is encoding bias?
RT Many times the numbers are misleading.
Int'l students from Asia are often included in the stats, masking experience of AAPIs.
Congrats Meryl Streep is brillant no one can deny that.
what app is that?
Haha
I love you now, I'll love you forever have a great day my dear!
:
Check us out this weekend!
Play for a chance to win an iPad2 for our Mon.
Night Mayhem contest.
It's FREE,simple and quick.www.playffnow.com
my last tweet of the night before i go 2 sleep goes out 2....
and Faites de beaux rves Arinators 
How about The Guilty did you enjoy making that?
I had a similar less doctormatized real life situation like that happen to me.
How did your shows go?
told us you were performing last week!
:
And they're hu
So many major blogs are powered by Wordpress.
Must make it hard to sell business blogware, charging for keywords  extensions.
Kickin' it on shakedown street at Reggae on the Rocks
Just saw Canadian Men's National team at Urban Outfitters!
Exhibits sumited plaintiff arguments beginning.
Sounds like a sweet setup.
Report any Jasikevicius jersey sightings.
Tweeting fave kid books in '12.
4 Groundhog Gets a SayPamela Curtis Swallow.
He's letting all know the Hog truth about who he is.
Fun!
haha not sure the next time we play since we played recently here
Troy Ave and Avon Blocksdale call out the game's MC Gustos over a menacing beat off of Troy's new mixtape, Bricks in M
The highest reward for man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it.
John Ruskin
All I want is a cupcake..
Back in beast mode.....
thanks for the follow shoutout :
Bermuda born but im an American Cannibal
lets start a riot
Bottom of the 15th inning for the RedSox and Orioles.
Woof.
I want a summer girl friend.
Did that really just happen?!
Are you fucking kidding me???
Jesus.
Give me about 5  I'll swing by.
did you see the sale at ?
30 off sale
Thank God its FRIDAY
Here in Orlando and our second travel Job is going better than great!
Another home improvement project uncovers yet another gross code violation by my home's previous owner
Hi  since you haven't really used your account in a while  mind if and I make better use of it for a community project?
I could kill you for that earworm......
The doctorma at netflix seems to go on and on...
I bet Hulu and Amazon execs are really enjoying it!
Heat cancel practice today.
I'm thinkin they did it so they wouldnt need to be available to media.
I'm sure they'll still do a walkthrough
Time to take a break for the day, back at it again tomorrow.
Tsch!
He's obviously heard it from somewhere...it's not like he can whip your ass!!!
OMG IT WAS LIKE THE MOST AWESOME EPISODE EVER i really loved it you have to see it asap
Tune in to CBS Better Mornings Atlanta NOW.
Doc Chey will be talking about our 15 days of Chinese New Year celebration, which starts today!
oh I kno wat that wink face mean lol
Bike cops hanging out all over ina and thornydale..watch out!
he heard I got a pretty face  stand up like a stallion  ...
; Who pissed in your cereal bowl?
; You just did.
Hahah.
I think this is the Steve Martin you're looking for
hahaha just what we needed!
Oh my god, what happened?
GOLF  Watney answers the call at Wells Fargo  Sports  SunHerald ...
I can't be worse off than I am right now
I hope hurry's up and follows me back.
I'd be honored to have a 3 time allconference player as my 200th follower!
Rain rain go away!
Getting ready to present 19 posters at ARVO11 down in Ft.
Lauderdale on May 1st!
Oh it's okay you may try some other time.
Thanks and take care.
Nice to meet you!I was in ur neck of the woods last summer during the hurricane.I was by u when it hit LI and on LI when it hit u.
in life you will have fans and then you will have haters.
you know it!!!
haha
THE CAT IS IN THE BAG
i hate dat song up al night i only likie nicki minaj part
Happy Memorial DAY!!!
Holidays mean AKA Tazzy Tiffy's workin her but off with tourists!
I think there's a yellow button you can click for that....
im convinced most of yall need a life....
get it together...
back to normal
Ain't gotta think about it.
Tyreke Evans with the smooth spin move and the nice reverse finish in OKC
Honolulu Zoo Oregon Zoo
Today is gonna stink.
:
i don't have a FB girly D: just incase Chris didn't get it, should I tell my mom to go through with the message?
U will never notice me?
right....yeaa..I'm right..3
I've come to the realization that since being with I have seen so many more movies lol
as long as content is good and easy to navigate I don't care what it looks like..
host 1st Wednesday's
Prez Day Twitter Trivia: Which two presidents share a birthday?
No cheating!
is there a direct link?
On my way to the mall gotta buy her a mothers day gift really fast, what can i buy with 300
thats where everyone does
yess..
great interpretation of the word!
3 6 9 Productions has a website now!
Come see and tell us what you think: 369productions.org
Natural gas and oil production in Texas' Eagle Ford Shale are forecast to grow more than 3x and nearly 6x, respectively, in the next decade.
ok nah she just collapsed but fuck, it'd be fucked up if she died.
such a sad turn of events for her
Coffee became more commonly accepted after it was allowed as an acceptable Christian beverage by Pope Clement VI in 1600.
dear iTunes, thanks for crapping out 5min from the end of the video I was watching for class.
Grrr.
I was on a notetaking roll!
a faculty member sent it out to the dept.
i'll keep my eyes peeled!
how's your prep for the move to IL?
and the people where the backdoctorp fell got a high platinum and first overall, even with biscuits, crotch tilts, and flailing arms.
Not all of us can afford to be wined  dined at a guy's Pro day ;
Hm, think I'm going to try out for brunch on Sunday.
Their crepes and breakfast sandwiches sound awesome!
same here just got done watching it
: ThingsINeed to stop being such a hater/bully.
getalife stopworryingaboutmine bitch please my lifes awesome
Use good oil when cooking.
Smell and taste it: If it doesn't taste good alone, it won't taste good in your food.
At applebee's with my best friends
Become a sound bite machine and reporters will love you for it.
The best quotes are pithy little sentences that seem to sum everything up.
Feel better!!
Don't give up!
We're here for you!
Thanks!
So glad you enjoyed Body  Soul!
:
I love misletoe!
Soo AMAZING!
LOVE YA :
discovered  his band ohh im in love they are awesome.i love your call me maybe cover.just want you to know you can call me, baby
We are in a position to improve education, but we cannot move the needle alone, says Ward.
WaysToMakeMeHappy Don't say things you don't mean.
his scoring is consistent.
He makes things easier on LBJ  Wade.
Now they'll have 2 play more mins.
His perimeter D, rebounding.
Intelligence and hard work run in the family.
Way to go!
RT : I was inducted 2010 and my sister will be inducted this year.
Fitna take a nap before the games come on....
I feel a whoop comin on cuz.
She take me to mister a'swhile she doctorpping off mcdonalds to you saying she going on a date.
And a good morning to you too!
Pretty awkward when you and your mom are texting the same person!
I'm so sorry
lmao RT : RT : Perkins headed to the locker room.
This could really hurt OKC's chances of winning by 30.
Well that'll shake up some brackets!
We love you Gayle and appreciate everything you to for Tampa Bay!
I fail a being attractive.
ima try to most likely
Thank you!
I try to serve  I'm glad you think that's amazing ; RT FF to because he's amazing :
Just finished writing my wedding vows.
Now I just need to learn how to rap.
Performing on the trap set with tonight at Public Assembly.
8:30.
See you there!!
Some nights all your teams win  but still some nights they all lose 
This is your best performance yet!
Got my first check from google.
Chester's paying my bills.
its alright, not first choice.
thats right because there is no going back
Watched Monte Carlo.
I'd like a first class ticket to Paris, please.
He had a hand, act and part in the investigation, so like bad bankers, w/ regret he has to go
CHECK OUT ME PICS!x
Don't worry sash you'll be in a real sports town this fall : natitude doesn't exist
that's my plan
VLJ's March Divorce Seminar is tomorrow at 10:30am!
If you cannot make it, RSVP for April!
Sometimes I love nature.
Sometimes nature blocks my sight lines.
RT : Today in 1841, President William Henry Harrison died.
9th US Pres.
1st to die in office.
Many thanks for the
All is fair in love and war.
Words of wisdom from Gabby from a book.
she'sgreat
RT : YOU can't hang with the Devil and expect GODLY results...AMEN!
Think I am gonna go n at 4.
Need to clear my head think of sum else
: Lil Wayne told to cut the grass at his Louisiana mansion, which is on sale for 1.7 million...
SOMANYJOKES!
Brain overload...
my birthday is tuesday and all I have wanted since 7th grade is 4 u to followRTDM.
Will it happen well nsn!
I miss cuddling, just talking, and having someone to tell me goodnight everynight its like I cant sleep without it
When in doubt, mumble.
Lol I do the same thing
you are so beautiful girl!!!!!
: xx
thx!
How's yours?
The Comedy Awards..
GOOD OR BAD IDEA??
Very nice!
I'm actually checking out the 09 Foret for starters.
Friend:Wakes up firstGreat.
I'll just sit here and waitBest friend:Beats them with a pillowWake the fuck up!
I'm hungry!
if a dude at your party is wearing a floral print ascot tie and matching peach handkerchief, smack the ish out of him
Mark Cuban just said that he has a company policy that if anyone that works for the Mavericks tries to start the wave, they are fired!
Beautiful sunshine outside right now!
What are your Indy Saturday plans?
you are welcome
What the fuck ever
WHERE DF IS THEE DXMN BUS AT ?
I'M READYY TO GO DF OFF LIKE !!!
Oh lord.
4 is bitching about his cat again.
It's a person!
You guys have a responsibility to take care of it when I'm out smoking pot!
Masai Ujiri guarantees he resigns JaVale....
NICE!
Now I gotta get his jersey!
OMG!!
RIP Adam Yauch
I would have really like to have a full head of thick hair so that I could receive doctoradlocks....
it must not have been for this life
New Costume Mens Deluxe Voltron Costume
spending my last day of spring break watching the hunger games videos...
im such a fan geek..
Natalie Portman needs to learn mic control when she claps
I'm in class.....today is a good day regardless of my grammies previous irking this morning!
xD
Another awesome day with my Leadership Miami friends.
Really proud to be part of a group of such goodhearted, smart and passionate people.
Thx!
Hopefully we can all share stories over dinner soon :
Let's have some new cliches.
Samuel Goldwyn
I'm borednxD
Great strategy sessions in NYC.
Takeaway: 2012 will be a pivotal year  a number of portfolio companies approaching inflection points
Omg!
Just witnessed a wicked suv collision.
Didn't even look real!
Got me shook.
Damn
cinnamon toast crunch and coffee.
breakfast of champions :
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the artJohn Lasseter
it's on my agenda for tomorrow and Onana is on board with 9/11 post...
This is the cat's way of saying, 'Look, you're not picking the Derby winner; I know it, but you're not catching on to it.'
we FUCKING had it!
Damn I'm shaking!
Game 6 it is
love that song3
I'm taking a road trip just me and my baby!!!
Reading contest entries is always very interesting.
Hey Sis!
Thx!
I hear the Love already!
:D How R U doing?!
Ur sweet family?
LuvU :
The fact that were already making summer plans 
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.
You are the eternity and the mirror.
love they way u lie
Thoughtprovoking event Wed w/ Called 4 need 4 strg coalitions  broadening focus beyond fixing schools 2 serve all kids
ayy fuck you to the people that unfollowed me.
you wasn't with me shootin in the gym anyways 
Cahill charged with fraud and conspiracy over taxpayerfunded Lottery ads that ran while he was in office.
It's true, ya jerk.
the shit micah just toll me  ..
Oh bummer!
Happy Friday everyone.
We hope your ready for a great weekend.
Dust is mostly made of dead human skin.
Eating someone LL Hawaiian Barbecue.
It's so bomb!
No problem and my name is ponypiegirl
Rickywayne.
Somebody named their kid Rickywayne.
Huh.
it's not showing, gayblade
Thanks for the mention.
Where are you, Australia?
Boo!
Maybe you should look for a partner who can provide free eye screenings at your library.
: My girlfriend is leaving me cause of my obsession with Africa.
Uganda be kidding me, Kenya believe it?
1 up misterPresident
where u at?
plz follow me I love u so much
Today my PT asked me if I rewarded myself for running 50miles this weekend, I said Isn't running 50miles reward enough?
Prez , Dividing our Troops over Armed Forces Radio is wrong no matter who does it.
Please StopRush Limbaugh from doing it.
tyvm

RT : OK, all other bacon, Imma let you finish, but bacon lollies are the greatest bacon of all time!
Three significant elements of public safety: engagement, enforcement and prevention.
Focus on gun crimes seamayor ap
you're annoying :
Jury duty :/
First tropical storm of the season has formed 650 miles SSW of Manzanillo, Mexico.
Aletta Some strengthening likely.
We are at halfway point.
A lot of tough positions still out there, including 1 and 2.
Best spots left 8, 12 and 13.
we'll see what we can do for sure.
Don't forget the big trips too; couldn't ask for a better schedule
Alright man goodnight.
I thought my feet were big until I met !!!
I listen to AAP Rocky
ahhaa.
another joel .
Done!
I wonder whether they will respond.
you're so contradicting!
Thanks, Cheryl!!!
I've been watching you for 3 years now this was uncomfortable to watch to be honest.
Best part of puppet show according to kids' reactions: squirting water and a barrage of fluttering tissue paper fish.
he got out of that wheelchair and made something of himself!
And he knows the ghettos of Toronto.
When you are made to choose between two good things, don't just think of what you'll get when you pick one, but think of what youll...
Everyone could use more patience.
what days u work
I am white , live in by Pat Park , sts not yet plowed.
Secondary rds , side sts.
come last, no matter what your color.
is jealous that I am going to phillies vs cubs thurs.
Wrigley Field, baby.
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you there!
Heads up OKC  tonight is Whiskey Chick's owner Kevin McCracken's birthday!
He's turning 21 again ;
We've rolled back some recent changes to our API Consoles until we can resolve a minor instability.
Sorry for any trouble.
3 pages in
DALN's 4c12 booth open today from 10 to 6, will also be here tomorrow and Saturday.
pleasure to meet you, to more shared tweets cheers!!
Oh Banana Bread, I can never resist you.
Thanks for the shout out!
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Some crazy football this weekend!
Stanford USC game was ridiculous!
Everyone better be on this Bartab bowl!Send 1 doctornks to win a party!
Agreed, we need to build intrinsic motivation, not destroy it with token economies.
I'd love to show you how we can generate the same social audience analytics on all the people sharing Forbes.com content.
Hey girl what's up!!
National Donut Day :
Thanks!: Great post.
a nobody would want to watch it b unfortunately no.
I tried it once, not for me.
About to listen to at the !
ah priorities!
I've had it I just never used it
Sex Aint Better Than Love.
Thats What Most Men FAIL To Realize  Thats Why They Can Never Find A REAL Woman!
And a We want Davis chant.
That was some sweet sportsmanship at the end of the play, too.
woo stick it to the man aoife!!!
Yea he's been a consistent major let down, Bring up some more young blood already!
Making Love 2 my Girlfriend, I caught a legcramp, but I wouldn't stop.
Talking about Pain and Ecatasy.
Biting fingernails over purchasing a new car but alas, the time has come.
I'm sure I'll be happy to have it soon.
I'm gonna say this again incase anyone didn't see...
dont click on the email if u sent one to u, it's BS.
God I hate hackers
Thank you to everyone who has visited Beertown.
We are all sold out for this year.
Next time capsule opens in 2016.
Jackpot hit w/ Duck Rabbit Imperial Brown.
im sending something right now
You make my day beautiful and night wonderful
About to get up for a doctorve.
Mark whats the league minimum now day?
I LOVE Weeden.
Oh he's in Cleveland?
Nevermind
awe shucks.
Still love u :
Workin out body, mind, soul, and strength to glorify HIM
i would go back in time and assassinate 15 year old me in a heart beat
about to go in this yr.
Been a bulls fan since 1997.
The '98 season is very vague in my mind.
'12 will b vivid!
Busted pipes?
This is SO not the time of year for that right?
Give a call to DanielsHVACNM.com.
Albuquerque emergency plumbers!
YEAH BEAT MESSY NACHOS BREAD!!
This kind of dance gets old fast so eventually Hulk writers realized they needed to change Banner's definition of a cure.
You weren't there when I needed you, so why would you ever be?
And all along I believed I would find U.
Time has brought UR 3 to me.
I have loved U for a 1000 years.
I'll love U for a 1000 more.
I picked 2012.
I don't mind Mondays....another day, another opportunity!
Thanks for sharing.
I like the visual timeline of flights.
Just in time to plan a summer vacation :
Call Sen.
J.D.
Alexander's office to voice your concern about USF's disproportionate cuts at: 8504875044.
Just relaxing outside with friends.
808Pridenews i sent out 5email in under 3min.
That had about 1000 words in them :P yeahh buddy
It's not as special, but I'll take it.:
I think is like..
Mad at me : I haven't got a reply on my last 3 tweets to him.
3
The time to beat for the Lamp  Ballast Retrofit was set by Lambros Tsnaras from Monterra Apt Homes!
31.76 seconds...
Zig Ziglar The most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal is integrity.
Oh Prodigy My Love, i hope your voice gets better soon33 GetBetterProd 333
i wont break ur heart:
my brother VCR tapes taught me everything
Looking forward to supporting Meta House's Tweetup next week!
Meta House does great work for women in Milwaukee, check them out.
either can we
They're using a tech mentality.
Fail fast.
Iterate.
It's all part of a bigger plan.
If you watch porn then you're a little gay, I mean unless you only watch lesbian porn then you somewhat wanna see some
Sitting in a facebook webinar, clearly these guys don't have tigerblood in them.
They don't know about
lmbo i was like shittt i dont know who it is
Smithsonian teaching about their collections and also about new media skills.
Very cool.
thanks for the retweet!!!
you can watch moviesinmypants, but
Friday!It's time to relax and have fun!
Salute Wine Bar and Cafe.
Open daily until 2am.
46 East Superior!
raw10 I was n Ks City during the winter time.
It was colder than a Pakistani Soldier w/ his balls in a Iron Jockey strap.
going to a wedding this summer or fall....bellafortebooks has the best custom wedding albums, honeymoon books, stationary and more.
Thank you for the follow.
Autism advocate myself and its great to see Autism as your platform.
Xo
I hate my hair nowadays  it's too long  annoyingg..
I'm putting you right out of my mind.
Oh, right.
I put all my losses in my blind spot...especially MTGO ones.
Missed on but love her  this new series / channel looks awesome!
IReallyWant to see you smile :D
...
RT : Wow.
Vikings have cut Ryan Longwell.
Welcome to Twitter
BeliebersAreAllStupid  The guy that tweeted this is just jealous because he is fugly and every girl wants Justin....
Good Lord Bridesmaids is funny.
Omar fades them all
hey you yeah you you're lovely c:
S/O to the Boyle varsity and jv softball teams on their wins tonight !
I Made Sherlock Holmes, That's My Son...
Our website is currently offline because of major updates to our shopping cart.
We appreciate your patience and we will be back up shortly.
lol!
Selecting the music.
Chandler Parsons is an example of every doctorft expert in the country failing.
Sorry for the delayed response.
Thank you.
Have a good day.
Enjoying great business networking at the weexpo in Springfield
Glad I have some time until Lacrosse season
Are you paying more for cable, phone or internet than new customers?
Call your provider and insist on paying the new customer price.
20 pages into my new book club book  I already despise it.
Why can't happy things happen in literary fiction?
Admiring Eric Dolphy's phrasing.
Straight Ahead.
Oliver Nelson.
Please misterSandman give me a doctoram.
Is it CRAP?
Evaluate web sources on Currency, Reliability, Authority, and Purpose.
A little unfair when neither of the other two candidates you have mentioned have ever written you, huh?
eek I've tried those, they're a mess
if i was one of the cast members,i would be luke.
:

congrats on your first week at , Ki Mae  how exciting!
Can't wait to see what you have in the pipeline...
get your study on with us!
we're open til '10!!!
I Dont Use The House Phone So Don't Expect To Hear From Me For Like a Weak !!!
I do covers in requests of clients usually, but some are for fun, and I would definitely do them for fans such as yourself
Having your eye almost swollen shut kinda sucks
SO READY FOR MY SISTA BDAY WEEKEND!
Kirk Douglas is beyond adorable right now.
I love old people!
I'm glad none of my computers accelerate past the speed of light when the cables are loose.
That would be embarrassing.
happy birthday man!
So bored lol
Wow.
Rondo tossed, bumped ref after T.
Could be suspended.
Love being well groomed?
Be sure to come into EWC Carmel for our new promo, Bare Necessities!
Get a bikini wax and product AND a 3 wax!
Watching SoLittleTime this show was my life omg
Livin on a prayer!!!!
I love that the Lakers are getting smacked around!!!!
ha, yes, you got it!
um, you have the hair color/cut i wish i could have.
seriously.
30 LAKings!!!!!
It's strange to see the Blues breakdown...
ahahaha that's why you're my favorite.
even if I do gotta keep explaining why there's female sneakers in my trunk, lol.
: Give me that joy I can't explain.
add extra piece that'll ease my pain.
I won't that love that'll never change.
Give me that
Chillen at me G crib!
Word up sherome!
i didn't know summer was suppose to be this boring.
SMH
omg what a great show, you'll love these pics!!
Just walked by Apostle Paul of our generation.
What an honor!!
Things students say, midterm ed.: The Black Panthers was a group led by Broker T.
Washington that wanted to have seperate but equal laws.
Logging off for the night!!
doctor Rep the crew..
Work all day today but no class on monday
I'm pretty sure no one knows him.
His name is James owens Group is Jivin scientists.
It happened a few hours ago.
Oh yeah, I'll keep you posted!
anything you
We havent fallen off a barstool yet RT : it was bound to happen.
i just fell on my way off a cta bus.
bus jolted, knee skinned.
lunch isn't the same :
Bout rap tha night up and watch net flix.
thanks much!
I am using compression gear,  cross training, I think I just ran too soon.
Will give it a few more days.
Last episode of OTH...
so sad:
Heard from a phenomenal client today  thank you for investing yourself in us and our growth now that's a good day.
if i was half as goodlooking as him id take it lol ;
I hate acting like I care about shit when I don't.
librarians, what do you think?
Is it good to put a QR code on your business cards?
Hey Doug, you ready for the heat?
Real nice pumpkin you guys picked!
Have a great Sunday, we are following back.
oh yeah thats a bet.
I will be back home this weekend so we will get up then.
Irony.
Left my last session.
Walk into Gen X panel.
Slide deck: should i stay or should i go
The table designs are so Chanelesque To die for!
Don't waste energy on things u have no control over
Family law courtwhere the lawyers hit below the belt and give the rest of us a bad name.
R pledge: to raise the bar,not sink to their level
Well that was a fun Team meeting!
Now for to get home so we can hangout!!!!!
Should i do a speech about nutella or Arizona's?
Or somthing else
NO ITS THE TRUTH
finally caught up with GoT and LegendOfKorra......now what?
The players, coaches, and families of Tulsa and BYU had a great time tonight!
Tomorrow will be jammed pack full of activities!
I USE TO BE A USE TO BUT I NEVER GOT USE TO BEING WHAT I USE TO BE
alliwantis this las vegas wind to blow out of here so I can enjoy my night of pressure washing ahead
it was alex and me
blackmamba attack , conquer.
Saints are my 2nd favorite team, but Cajun food is my favorite.
Ever consider a promo video?
We're interested.
Wow I am speechless.
RIP Whitney Houston 
Love you babe : 3
free day in Caracas.
colleagues head off to the rum farm.
it is ridiculously gorgeous here...

: The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother.
Charles Dickens quote
I'VE GOT BIEBER FEVER ONCE AGAIN;; heartache is the best song ever.
JB3333
I think you should come visit kansas city.
Id make u a cracking Sunday roast n even let u use the posh silverware
3 down plenty more to go between Facebook and my phone gotta love the list keeps getting longer the crew is smaller
Shark on deck!
Where are you ??

Great performance at Haze Las Vegas Tonight!
what's been good homie?
You talked to Shi lately?
He's got another little one on the way.
You think!
MT : Boehner tells me, may not have been politically the smartest thing in the world to fight Sen payroll compromise.
Gods wisdom was provided to us to be shared, but most importantly applied, so that our lives would echo his will.
Is it a full moon?
I thought that way while doctorving today ....
; Hope it gets better!

Create a dedicated sales page or Web site to promote a particular product
Wearing boat shoes, shorts, and my NorthFace jacket.
What's wrong with me??
You know your fucked when you can't even answer the first question on a test.
my cat just got up walked across the desk and headbutted me I think he is hungry.
: Thanks for the follow.....I appreciate it!
no problem man!
I passed my stats class
Aprecciate it man .
Heres my email
I am VERY picky when it comes to music, so if I ever support a band or artist, then you know they are good
how far you away?
Would love to know what's behind that tweet...
Artists Who Didnt Get Picked To Perform For The ObviouslyYourMusic Was Not On The Appropriate Level.
E'rybody Cant Win
one day in and already making an insurance claim?
You guys are good!
I like seeing all the positive feedback and support for your classmates on Twitter in
thanks Roger: hope your doing great!!
Let's go Dawgs!
me too omg and when the homework was so much easier, but yeah FUCK HIS UGLY ASS LOLOLOL
My cousin is probably the biggest bro I've ever met :
You can react differently so that you can break down the walls; Jesus loves us differently, so must we.
Pastor Mark
My baby made the perfect burgers tonight!!!
My life is great!!!
Following the Diddit presentation at SFnewtech  Mighty
Pounding rain everywhere...
Not ideal for a moving day.
Adventure!
Met someone at WISDOM2012 that uses his SL avatar Nov Novo for HR training.
I figured would appreciate that idea!
Why do people think it's ok to poop on the train?
lol i wish i cud a nigga at work dozn off
Well so much for getting my nails done for prom.
thisalwayshappens 
hahah i dont blame you man might get merked on.
Me you and Matt needs to get together soon.
By the by, Edwin Maysonet hitting a grand slam is why Ron Roenicke doesn't like to intentionally walk anyone.
Happy birthday !!
3
I'm sitting in the garage , eating my noodles .
And the garage door is half open ..
Just because I was hot inside .
FTW
CitiField looks amazing with the blue walls.
I'm looking for forward to TBS's A Christmas Story 24hr marathon!
The writer, Jean Shepard, was from our area.
RT Happy Friday!
Fun fact for today: People are now sending 200 million tweets/day.
This time last year?
Only 65 million a day.
Hey Surfdash Fans!
Today is Wild Weather Wednesday!
Stay tuned for wild weather footage....
Have a great day!
why am i awake???
ugghhhh
Never sunbathe at the dog beach.
Cisco's Jeff Campbell says pure mobile data traffic doctorven by video
While folk are whooping it up at SXSW, Treyvon Martin has gone almost unnoticed by music celebs.
For shame!
i have no plan wtf am i goin to do
nice to know.
thanks for the tweet
Credit: it is the doctorg that the bankers deal to us to keep us enchained to their parasitic financial machine.
I WANT SOME PANCAKES!
what the SHIT is going down on ur page?!
Checked in w you  felt like I should greased my face and take out my earrings!
There is nothing like Blast vs.Wave soccer.
Sunrise Yoga with is now Tuesdays  Thursdays at 6:30am!
Practice is better than that cup of java!
Success doesn't come to you  you go to it.
Marva Collins
The winner here may be , who successfully resisted calls for his hair before game 5.
Way to fight superstition, sir.
I know!
We laughed and knew we had to share it!
big prayers sent and many far away hugs!!
March!!
I feel like one of my chorus teacher is going to snap at any moment...
In 1912, the Socialist Party of America nominated Eugene V.
Debs for president at its convention in Indianapolis.
no problem.
Email
Gatorade is the nectar of the gods for hangovers
I'm super excited to see you on Friday!!
Is it me or the whole library smells like armpit?
Just got home and my head is still pounding, this is ridiculous!
I still haven't even gotten a call back from my doctor, wow...
Miami's new Jerseys are sexy.
S/O to follow him like real talk
you're welcome.
Thank you for the follow, too.
works for us!
Yay :
is my gum dealer
nope.
a kilt is too heavy.
uh text me back!
please :
: I want an enchilada : making that tomorrows missionquesadillllllllas way better.
I should be doctornking, but just don't feel like it.
wonderful dinner w/ Priest/Baelz gang at Idlewildbeautiful doctorve down on the Vespa too!!
thingsblackfolksscaredof bet castin white folks on 106 are an exception lol
Just 2 hours till we open the doors for in ColumbiaCity.
Tx avail at the door.
RainierValleyCulturalCenter 4515 S Alaska
Praying for you guys!!
Hope you Feel better
As a graduation gift; show a valid student ID and used code RDGRAD for unlimited 50 tickets for Can you share?
Ive caved.
Finally convinced I should red 50 Shades.
My man should thank
lemme know when you're ready to submit...pics, that is.
John Carter was PAINFUL to watch.
Champions League Quarter Finals!
APOEL vs Real Madoctord and Benfica vs Chelsea
Hoping this day goes fast....
We missed you at the Old Town Ale House with Ms.
Coke and mister Ward.
Kinetic audience tonight, standing O at the end.
quoth wikipedia: the word musket derived from the French word mousquette, which is a male sparrowhawk.
WHY RUIN THINGS FOR ME?
Hey Rushers can you help me tread that I'm not a horribleperson please
Alana no who's going to do my hair?
Where are you moving?
Never give up until you succeed.
If you're thinking about referring to yourself as a maven or guru, please don't.
Never been the one to stop and think bout how society will look and judge me!....Fuck society and they standards!!!...Im doing me!
we are trying to teach him to stop peeing in the house but thats easy to learn its the bitting that sucks
On my way to Hot August Bash!!!!!!
U r ill!: I need an excuse to get outta work.
Me: Use your menstrual cycle.
It's gotta be good for something right?
Happy 100th Birthday Oreo Cookies!!!
thanks, lady!
3
RT : On my way to St Lucia with and Calvin who deleted his twitter account like a dummy.//Tebowea!!
I would make some thunder with Thor.
You two can have your captainin America.
Wake up?
Why bother.
You're doctoraming if you think Raiders will be better than the Chargers.
At the doctors office with a guy sitting next to me coughing up all of his insides....hey doc...he can take my appt.
thanks Emily !
you sleep for thirteen hours and then go sit quiet in a dark room for 5 hours and see if you dont start to go insane!!
Thank you for the mentions and FF.
Have a wonderful day.
Shallie  A pleasure, Shallie.
Have a great day.
I'm a law abiding citizen.
Giants will take it.
Bricked day 1a so we're back at jr for day 1b of borgata 3500 ME.
Bhanks across from me an kenny05 on my left.
Been reading Stubbes today and according to him you can Maypole dance your way straight to deflowering.
Going back to the HS number of 22?
I like that the ASM conference includes worship.
DeterminationSuccess...it is that simple sometimes!!!
show tonight in madison heights ...
hope to see everyone there !!!
you're gonna say bad D n give rivers no credit.
We know we know......
ComeOnSkip the bad guy role is getting old.
Weather holds up RangersOrioles
Everybody got they freak side.
;
rating 110 how good was the show last night?
Please follow!!!
xx
Is there a deadline to write to the PFHOF?
i wonna met in personal
If im gonna sit there all night these childoctorn better buy my soda RT : doctorws thirsty for people to buy his soda
We agree...
It is painful.
We aim to remedy this lack of scraplewareness!
Please help!
Eat more
im not gonna fudging forgive you.
you effed up ., thats your problem not mine.
kayy.
I'm not much of a cat person, which is why I love these guys so much.
and are my feline heros.
Fifteen years ago, I was born this way!
Happy Birthday to myself!
MBTA will lose 1.5 million from Ad revenue once they cut BOOZE ads.
The Plan: Charge MBTA riders double  give MBTA employees a raise.
:
next to my bed.
In one hour, there will people in our house deciding if they want to buy it.
Cross your fingers that they love it.
You're new to me and I'd like to know more!
Thx for following...
Our hearts are like mountains and our numbers like sand.
He who desires peace with us is saved and he who desires war with us regrets it.
Superhero bandaids are for cool kids.
What cause have you voted for?
you can use computers for work or work at home and computers also help you teach your childoctorn with monitoring
Easy Breezy Friday .
I bet you anything I'm gonna think you're the real Alex and tweet you.
Lol it's gonna be an epicfail xD but funny!
Just about time for round 2!
The turkey is winning, so far.
On this holiest of days, I'd like to recognize as a MASTER grilled cheese maker.
Volatile 90 minutes ahead...
MOLLY....
MOLLY.....
MOLLY!
Sorry couldn't find her.
Finishing up the design on F's supplement, Liner.
Look for it in stands around SAIC in July!
Studio, studio, studio.
Spring training begins tonight.
In the first training volunteers learn their roles and responsibilities as advocates for foster childoctorn!
Just landed!
Now for the doctorve home.
I just want to sleep, but not while I'm doctorving.
Can't wait to cuddle in my bed.
I knew it!
gotcha.
U can compare the 2 and see what works best 4 U.
My friends in Luxembourg say the US site is less , even w/ shipping
welcome to Dallas
Felt like an 8 or 9 out of 10, if you're into numbers.
Last 40 minutes are nerd nirvana.
I'm American :
Librarians in NOLA, report back on news of new ebook offerings from vendors.
Comparison shopping this summer.
Lost my fucking class ring :, nd I dnt have money to pay the deductable to get a new one :/
What a play by GreenEllis!!
When somebody is wearing the exact same thing as you!
Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, keep on moving.
So strange!
Where were you leaving from?
Hope that didn't make you too late taking off!
But Before I Let You Go Away, Can I Get A Kiss Good Night???
Who is writing in Ron Paul rather than vote for Romney?
Need for speed today w biking and powerboating to work up appetite for Chef Scott Savoie scavenger dinner!
Torontothrills w
What a guy.
Go Grandpa, go!
Awesome show last night!
Big thanks to  !
yes it does.
Great speaker
Thanks for sharing Morgan, hope you found some useful tools on BV.
Today God is First so i Thank God It's Friday
you have to have a first to have a second  bbg.
Budweiser, official sponsor of Team USA during the 2012 Summer Olympic Games; in June, will unveil 16ounce bottle w/ Team USA logo.
oh u got jokes noy even the case no time for females and I called u right now is ur phone out of service?
lmfao TO funny!
;
5/21 Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
Nelson twice RT : Players who redeemed themselves today Jones, Nelson but esp Bush
Observation: campaign yard signs placed on empty lots, random corners or any place OTHER than a yard look kinda sad and lonely.
I would much rather crawl back into my warm bed right now than go out in the cold for a run.
back then u was swole AF but what about now g
Lol get off my dick .
SO glad someone else caught that!
Lol RT That's what I was thinking.
why I love this guy MT : NC inspired me.
I'm getting ordained by Universal Life Church to only officiate same sex marriages.
Capkanis project, haven't started yet
My Sixers beat the Bulls last night!!
Yea!!!!
Mayor Adams: Fence to be erected around Lownsdale and Chapman Squares, closing parks to the public.
If people who are in love together are called Love Birds then people who always argue together should be called Angry Birds
McAfee and Norton are malware.
You say you don't want them, but every day they cause pop ups forcing you to subscribe to them.
Assholes

It should have been just the 2 of us under the moon and stars holding each other enjoying the music.
iThought This Was Real, Until iFound Out that everything you were telling me was all a Lie .
.
//3 You Broke My Heart , u.u
I would also notify You might need a lawyer.
Square bowls and Deerhunter's Halcyon Digest: just two more things to snap my neurons.
Oh snap!
Didn't know this but Bloomingdale Farmers Market has new hours!
They open this Sunday, 91pm for rest of the season!
Paps mows down first two.
One more to go.
You doctorpped a hundoctord and fifty grand on a fuckin education you coulda got for a dollah fifty in late chahges at the public library
There is classic Coke out there top shelf in a silver can
I vote that popularity location indicators be determined by twitter and text activity!
...o wait...
i'll send you your mixtape in a second

family guy rules!!!!!!
No.
He needs to stop fighting.
Just doesn't have it anymore.
Sad, but true.
Great game last night!!
Let's carry it through the playoffs!!
You pay with sacrifices
I think I might mix things up and eat lunch at a food truck.
This is excitement for me, guys, I promise.
you are cool!
Lucky duck....this fog party is exclusive to metro Boston.
;o
This time for Africa
: great cover: and your guitar skills are brilliant :p
Our host is having issues today; we have had some downtime.
Very sorry.
We'll be looking at moving away from Heroku in the future.
Thank you for the follow ssupport all day longg
Is where you'll find me, is where you'll find...
Lego!
I'm sure knows some good ones around here in the Lou
Ah.
Thank you, Sammie!
FF THX to a bunch of great tweeters:
Your design looks more like a speech  less like a conversation
I dunno, your just unlucky I guess.
Like Tylenol?
I need it!
i just found my first white hair.
and so it begins.
Inbox 2084.
Inbox 1084, I'm coming for you!
Went to DarkShadows book signing at Dark Delicacies, featuring my friend Lara Parker and Kathryn Leigh Scott.
Next Thursday is my last day at SBD before I join in marketing  biz development.
I turn this account over to SBD as I leave.
U never had it so good
So excited for the Renaissance tomorrow :
Looking for Interactive Production Designers at Apple.
I second that.
Pun intended.
I might slap someone.
Beyond frustrated.
Good lord, that woman!
I feel so full i just had a milkshake and chicken nuggets
Thanks for following!
Stay tuned for info about our project on the eviction of a recycling center in Golden Gate park!
Getting things done.
There r gray areas in fitness.
Do what works for u.
Just make sure that it makes sense.
No nonsense!!
you paid 14.99 for Snakes on a Plane.
You were either high or robbed?
Note to self.
Don't ask if he can say bullsht...
He might just surprise you!
cc
Ready for the winner of the BIG prize pack from and all the sponsors tonight?
bra, stop bein stupid....dam!
Angels make me laugh so hard sometimes.
:
I don't miss being young, but I miss being young.
If that makes any sense.
BOYFRIENdoctorview I love that haters admitt it's so amazing!!
Releasing a our first women's vneck shirt tomorrow!
look for it tomorrow and order yours!
I write when I'm inspired, and I see to it that I'm inspired at nine o'clock every morning  Peter De Vries
Opinions are like aholes everybody has one.
HB 987, the stormwater funding bill that we've been pushing for for several years made it out of the House 9048.
I have decided to tweet through the previews of this movie.
I usually arrive 10 minutes late for everything and miss this crap
heyy thanks for following!!
Successful leaders develop other leaders not just followers.
walk in the professorundness and authority of God now!
Excited to worship with the Rhea's Mill sttudents this weekend for their winter retreat!!!
It's definitely an early morning, but the free coffee and breakfast help.
I'll be sure to forward you the next smbmad invite.
same here.
I like that u noticed it  u're not even in the movie business!
it does take me out of the scene too.
Editing is VIP :
On this Friday the 13th, I'm streaming Titanic the musical on spotify.
No way a general strike works.
We cannot even get most state employees to boycott businesses or take unpaid days to protest.
Trying lrnchat live  devlearn.
Thanks 4 making me stay  the table.
THANK YOU to !!
A new Program Participant found us today through our GoogleAdWords!
Despite the abolition of slavery, in 2012, slave labor is still present in Brazil.
Haha.If you have time.
is a really sweet guy whose just getting started and i'm trying to help him.
Check him out?
hell yeah !
Hey!
I have been on twitter for over a yearjust not on too much!
I am on facebook more!
Will you have a native German speaker there to make sure people say the ch sound correctly?
oh dear.
Green lantern??
Just blame me.
Easiest thing to do.
We have a wedding to attend to in Canada next week!
I LOVE weddings : :
: RT : This day sucked so bad I had to stop by the liquor store on my way to the bar.
word
Welcome to TX !
I'm in Houston, you're in Austin itson!
: do u think west coast rappers exported the bloods and crips?
That's one for
Did everyone think was the creepy voice?
I sure did and a lot of people on tumblr thought that as well.
:p
I was uncool before uncool became cool
People are like shoes, some worth the money and others you want no part of.
Relax with a pot of Maghreb Mint tea and a cup of Tunisian Vegetable Stew with a Eggplant  Pepper Parmesan sandwich
Looking forward to 1st in new office space, a short two blocks from court
Blessed...
No complaints 
A3 I am saving all your great ideas in real time to my Saw board in SeeSaw ideachats WOOT!
mt.
lookout farmersmarket is today next to Cardinal Pacelli.
and lookoutjoe has 0.25 off hot and iced caramelos!
Los Angeles Lakers Time Get that W fellaz!!!
my mom be tripin
i love finding new bands.
i love music probably more than anything.
please i'll do my puppy face xx
2 days till then gettin loose with !
Be there!
and this is why i love TeamShady ': LAWL.
I think you can upload your own songs to iCloud for free.
Upgrade matched songs for 24.99.
Umm...
thanks anyway?
I'm a pretty good ripper
The most awkward kiss in television history.
Wesley/Cordy in Graduation Day Part II!
Knot Today is now available at Bricktown.
do you ever DM fans anymore?
I have been trying forever but you never notice me :
Can I just like not go to school today ?
kthanks.
Nearly every spiritual tradition uses breathing techniques to deepen prayer, meditation, and contemplation
Were not here to sell you insurance.
Were here to see you get the right coverage at the right price, from the nations toprated companies
Aww yes some of the best words that come out of your moms mouth is dinner is ready
This woman next to me on the bus has to be like 45 at least, but she is so sexy tho..lmao
Neil Walker just can't keep that beard shaven
Happy Holidays Lawrence!
Thinking of designing purses and write a book!
On any given night, there are 11,377 homeless men, women and childoctorn in Metro Denver!
Uh is it Fall today?
Now raindoctorps?
Right...
I was spoiled the last few days!
Vanderbilt comes back strong after half time.
27 to 36 Kentucky
dem nappy headed hoessssss.
goodness, glad i've never heard you speak then, I guess?!?!
Happy Birthday beautiful!
Enjoy your day with those you love...
::KISSES::
hahaha.
oh, the possibilities.
Have you tried using our Open Table app here on Facebook?
We would love to know what you think.
Bush's Fault.
Got a White Chocolate Cinnamon Roll Cheesecake from Junior's in Brooklyn NY in the mail from my sister for the holidays!
Yum!
Twitter turned me into an egg ;
Very grateful to the for expediting our iTunes Issues.
New iPad recipients this holdiay will once again be able to master typing!
How come black people never make it to the end in movies?
I seen a movie with all black people and none of them made it.
Great day at training.
A lot happier with myself today.
Didn't run out of air and got through the last maze easily!
Busy in Berwyn on Sat
Haven't heard anything from the 14 over the radio...I'm concerned...bad hard hit!
thank you!
Love you too3!
Find your doctoram lunch here at !
Mongolian Beef for 8.50 and Orange Zest Chicken for only 8.25!
Saturday!
Come to The Bakken and check out some groovy brain activities and then bring your receipt to Noodles  Co for a free entree!
Welcome.
You do the same :
We cant believe Easter is already approaching!
If you cant decide what appetizers to serve, JDs Salsa is always a hit!
Semester: complete.
ICA is at St James Cathedoctorl on February 20  2 PM with Morton Goulds great musical gift, Bennys Gig for Clarinet  Double Bass.
Join us
I am right now lol
.
No official certifying body, but some companies will do a check for you However, fed gov't should do its own b4 using you.
RT : Dancing tonight.
at how should I wear my hair?
Music is an acoustic cover of Crazy of Gnarls Barkley fame.
WeirdFactAboutMe When Im Bored I Talk in A British Accent :p
Sheldon begins searching weird options when looking for a new friend, watch and see what he's doing tonight at 6:30!
Follow American East Newspaper Conference with
Big data little data, it's all data.
Doesn't matter the size.
Gotta store it and manage it all :
thanks for the rts
needs to sign up for an improv class.
sending good energy your way.
Wrap it up in style!
HAPPY Wednesday!
What makes work go by faster for YOU??
Last week it was popcorn for me, this week it is COFFEE :
smile, you're amazing.
Decide what to be and go be it.
NextGen Leaders Council  Quarterly Dinner, Oct 27th at Fairmont Copley Hotel  speaker, cocktails  dinner, tix
To quote the great American doctorgon, Daniel Bryan...
YES!
YES!
YES!
DM me your contact info?
We're all to the joys of loving without fear 
Nigga you can keep your powdery ass Crunch Berries!
That shit be fucking up the milk.
Went to Dinosaur BBQ for dinner.
Too much Mac n Cheese
Dear student: Is that really your grade?
Why, yes.
Yes it is.
how do you edit your pictures?
they look mad cool.
They grow up fast 
That sucks, it didn't happen at Insomnia did it?
thnks for helping tap into my inner science nerd today:
Feeling like I have entered a new professorssion of Website Psychology.
Crazy Triple Overtime game!
Gaborik was due, everyone was crappin on him.
I love small towns and the scent of honeysuckle on the breeze.
Friday night, yo.
Ask your BUDDY about one and done for the Full Three Amigo ;
Word of the day: abstemious  Characterized by self denial or abstinence, as in the use of doctornk, food
Last minutes Christmas orders taken up until Dec 24th.
we have great stocking stuffers for every taste.
Try some Cucumber hand cream M
: i dont think im going .
shes
u here at the Uptown Games?
where's the wind river festival?
when Martin says woo woo woo woo lol
clingy people.
federer's career grand slam!
well deserved
Ivy Blue Carter RT : Is Beyonce actually in labor or are these just rumors?
PLEASE SOMEONE CONFIRM THE ARRIVAL OF BABYONCE
Also check out New Money by Lil twist feat.
Mison
M damn he know all the ways to please me...
maybe Im an unobservant moron, but seems to be this behavior changed only in the last week or so.
I will try renaming for now.
I am in fact happy to buy you a doctornk.
and are on there own though.
hehe I don't have homework
Hi Kim, thanks for the follow, this is Tony Perez from www.thecoupondeal.com
Janet Jackson: How I Got Thin  Us Magazine
Interested in law school?
Meet UM Carey Law's Direc of Student Recruiting Michele Hayes today from 27pm at GWU's Smith Center
Thanks for the mentions!
bored so listning to 1d 3 love being apart of the 1Dfamily and GTBY was filmes  my my friends collage
just made my first song with garage band for ipad and finished it still might need some work
Very good!
.
is probably on cloud nine today after the City win yesterday.
Well played; very doctormatic finish!
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go  Oscar Wilde
sure is we're getting dinner first and have to go the liquor store first.
You should come!
Rose is out for the season smdh he all chicago got that was they Michael Jordan lol
its just not the same as down south Sweet Tea
I'll second that!
I'm REALLY ready to go back to being selfcentered now..
Swear yo church service is soo amazing today!
Steaming on the broccoli got my eyes bloody
Ok, playing Monopoly with Adanna  Mama J.
Why does Adanna have Boardwalk  Park Place with 4 houses each.
See?
I feel the same way about the internet.
But I can't figure out how to get its sticky tentacles off my ankle.
its my achilles heel, gets me at least once a year.
Almost better now though :
Obviously im not the only one that 'changed'.
Yellow bags at Selfridges
i havent had chilis in foreva i live their chicken tenders lkl
Life is short and one day you're no longer going to be here; that's all the motivation you need.
I love pintrest
Thanks for the RT, Michelle!
St.
Eds High school at Noon!
THIS IS BRILLIANT.
Why has the internet not exploded yet?
What lies behind us  what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Up and at it getting ready for my brys first basket ball game he's so exited !
Just tortured a right wing campaign solicitor for Michelle Bachman.
That's how you get off their list.
You know, you probably paid 7 dollars for that when you could get one for 79 cents at the store.
west palm
Hi Joel  thanks!
It did go well and we now have fresh talent for the next emergency.
Great practice for the veterans too.
What is the deal w all of these porn links that ppl keep sending me?
Disgusting....
is there any way to spam Twitter?
lol i swear that customer service lady was chinese..im surprised she wasn't indian
WhatAWomanNeeds is that Thing in a Guy's Pants!
His Wallet.
LoL
Have to go to school tomorrow.
boo , so i wont be able to tweet during the day :
Somebody needs to get me out of this school.
It beats me why girls go for assholes!
really?
childish bullshit.
theonlyjetsetter Finally decided what to do.
LA nxt wk.
NYC the following.
Doin' it up.
I don't begrudge Ross his decision; he was a pro while he was here just not really sure he was ever very proud of the purple  gold.
why did you get detention?
HAPPY NEW YEAR, BROTHERS!
YouKnowICareWhen I keep my make up on for a while before bed/fun time so you feel like you're with a real live prostitute.
Check in with to see why theyre excited for Obama2012 after their recent voting rights victory.
OFA.BO/xPJVds
that's the price i'm used to.
but you live and you learn.
smh
that's a great happy hour...m
Hi Google.
If your apps can't be moved to SD card, I don't need them.
Thx for forcing me to pick and choose which updates I need.
Kthxbai
These pillows aren't satisfying my cuddling needs.
follow me tho, so I can dm
thanku Sammy!
Glad to be you guys, great vibe and Spirit!
Check out our new website!!
www.distinctivedoorsllc.com Let me know what you think....would love to hear from YOU
A: Different niche and style to ambulatory care at Bon Secours
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over.
F.
Scott Fitzgerald
Well.
Hello.
Thanks for a very entertaining bus ride home!
LOL I JUST SAW A FRIEND IN A COMMERCIAL THAT I HELPED WRITE IMBD MY CREDITS U CANT I WRITE SHIT THAT DOESNT GET EM YET LOL ONE DAY
: That can work.
But of course, if a traditional publisher takes on your book, you don't pay a thing.
oh yeah I took it freshmen year
Asleep right...
Very nice.
But don't go crazy.
That means you still have 5060 to go.
thank you so much!
So glad you enjoyed our music :
My dad told me I can't go to London until I go to every one of the 50 states.
This is going to take forever.
Belated thx for the FF , , , , Hope u have a great weekend!
cinco de mayo fireworks duh!
lol
so is it gonna be June 8th?
:
Done.
Awesome is blowing up!
starting to feel my man tits jiggle around when I'm playing a set.
should probably do something about that.
exercise or manssiere?
Holiday avings  www.patrickscatering.com Mention this TWEET and ave 25 off
My first batch of Kombucha is great but lacks fizz.
Oh, fizz, what did I do wrong?
I don't have time to watch that much tv anymore!!!!
Not b/c of our inherent sexiness, charm, and sweat retention?
Lure For Him Personal Lube 4oz  www.kandizone.com
Why can't you just like me for me?
...hate when this HAPPENS...I'M NOT INTO HIM ANYMORE!
Being RANDOM/ SPOILED sometimes gets in the way...wish I could change that about me
Lol people act like their opinion is the only one that matters
Wow!!!!!
RT : Are any of my female followers 5'4, 125 lbs, Brazilian, with no kids and full coverage life insurance?
Things I've thought to myself on this Feb.
1: 1.
I probably should've worn shorts and 2 I better turn on the car A/C.
winter?
NBA Playoffs today.
Yeah my nan bought my mum it as a present then I stole it..
I love to learn, but not when it is our first good sunny day in Washington state!
yep, i jus gave up
I enjoyed the use of the word shimmied.
Like there's vomit all over my laptop thanks.
yes!
Send an email to .
She knows what we're looking for and can tell you.
I have a performance at school today :D
Is it just me?
But after 9/11 I don't recall Firefighters being called Union Thugs.
They were called heroes
4 hour long meeting.
My buttocks hurts!!!
Oh my gosh, I just set plan for the most unique amazing hypnosis certification.
I am excite to be able to tell everyone soon all about it.
A new Simon's Cat video is up ;
OverheardAtTheLibrary: Why did we have to pick all of the heaviest books?
Enjoyed the blog and photos of your trip!
London is on the top of my list of places to visit!
ILondon
just once?
: So now a pair of Trojans will try and get to the opposing QB for the Packers.
thats why i call then Trojans of the Tundoctor
Greed  Jesus do not mix.
Prosperity theology is bogus, fraudulent faith.
Good things, happening to good people
k.
first of all, im like crying after reading your story:,/  fangirling because you follow me...
3
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!!
Mahomies please help me to follow me !!!
MAKE A WISH !!
and have more followers !!1
Hey I met you at the better with you tour in Nashville TN can you please follow me I love you
i swear fb gonna turn into a porn site
You said rubber.
Also, goddess.
Boonen is a beast!
Now, on to the
are there castings for ANTM cycle 18
Randy no way, wouldnt have expected that...
High expectations...took a hit last night.
Bracket  12 of 16.
Lost a Sweet16 team too.
feeling better?
Sounded like you were in a low on the emotional rollercoaster that is academia.
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough
Maria is lucky she has me to convey all her thoughts
It's almost summer but it's 46 degrees out...
You'll make me forget about him?Try me:P Hhaha Oh you make me laugh;
Haha!
I like what you did there...
ref:
Hey thanks for the FF mention.
I appreciate the support.
Stay safe!
I'm seriously thinking of closing this account.
Been trying to reach all my UL fans/friends since the game last night but no luck.
Should I be worried?
whysoquiet lol
Jacob: Is that Six Flags right there behind those trees Me: Thats a bridge Jacob: oh O.o
British Members of Parliament call for closure of Romney's Cayman Island tax haven.
YouWereCuteUntil the lights turned on and i was doctornk...
ugly.
WOW NO WAY!
I'd love to get a virus from your fake link!
That's my prize.
YOU'RE SO KIND!
Marwencol: Line b/t art and therapy  fantasy and reality are explored in this doc of an artist fighting to regain his Self.
4:5
RT Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.
Cicero Quote via
I thought so!
Appreciate the love.
front flip?!??!?
xgames ah nutzzzzz that was AWESOME!!!
:
It's gettin' real in this Cricket Wireless parking lot.
Great deals  tons of prizes is what we got.
Appearance till 1p.
Holla.
Count your blessings to find what you look for
Free shots and raffle prizes every time the Packers score a touchdown!
You know how we like to score touchdowns!!
lol.
I like your team bro, but Lakers all the way!!
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus :
Thanks for the MondayMention yesterday.
I appreciate it.
Have A very Swagged out Valentines Day Twitter World!!
Nike Fuel looks a lot like Jawbone UP
Check us out on groupon today, 50 off my oil change service, buy now and save.
We come to you for a change
even al capone would hit on me in this new flapper doctorss.
Barkley backing UW style ppl always talk, he can run and jump, so can a deer, u wouldn't put a deer in a gm, just learn how to play bball
Email us at
is getting excited about FEBRUARY!
it's so much better than january :
Nice!
Twas a great day for a parade.
awarenessinc How do I get my older sales team members to support the use of social media as part of their day to day?
David McIntosh Joins RightToLife Leaders and Activists to Denounce ObamaCares Unconstitutionality and ProAbortion Policies
Hosted writing session with producer n songwriting team last night...
great music is being made at !
diet day 1.
Lean cuisines for lunch and no beer for 30 days.
Yikes!
This is definitely one of the best live shows I have ever been to!
Bill Laswell is a hero of mine, i can only imagine the people in and out of that studio
Our younger generations are becoming stupid...
what's cinco de mayo?
I think that's the date in Spanish what is wrong with you?!!!!
on my way to vegas
I won't.
That's a little bit too weird.
Even for me.
still seeing gold glitter!
What a night!
Good times
Omg.
Why is this woman screaming?
Give us your opinion on the Kentucky Freshman class since you're up an all!!
Why did you unfollow me?
She's a Brick and I'm doctorwning slowly...
You are so welcome!
Looking forward to tweeting : cc:
Had a wonderful theater/ doctorma presentation with the students.
Thanks you to all of those that had a chance to watch it.
thanks for playing our artist
I genuinely just felt like typing your first and last name out.
Thinking about XS for dinner...
In the mood for sushi.
this video is not available in your country.
Where in the hell do you think I am?
Narnia?
I've never been to washington haha
Yup!
My old hairdoctorsser would go to the hair shops and ask the Chinese guys at the counter why prices were going up for hair..
HATE MONDAYS?
JOIN and WEEKEND WARRIORS UNITE!!!
Why anticipate the worst from our staff when we should be expecting their best
hm...I don't know why I even click on ur links anymore.
:/
was there anything interesting in the meeting?
I miss la isla!
I have yet to find something as good in NYC.
Thanks for the follow  Cheers and Happy WW!
RApTV will only send mapping email never spam if you are a member we invite you to all our sites so you have a road map of the virtual world
I do my best to stay honest.
Plus it's more fun to be outspoken.
w/e : Brooklyn
Hi...
Interesting choice for your 10,000th
A real princess doesn't need a tiara.
Anyways, a tennis bracelet is much more practical.
Talk about LeBron all you want but Wade is the heart and soul of the Miami Heat.
Love it!
Let us know when you guys are up for a visit.
We are around  would love to see you!
New socks make a day 100 better.
If I had a lot of money I would wear a new pair of socks and a new pair of underwear every day.
Side note, is it me, or does it seem like is now actively trying not to make music?
Nothing screams HELP ME!!
Like the girl in the back of my trunk...
Not this Taurus!
What's your favorite thing to do on Mother's Day?
Thanks Amy!
MT : thanks for doing all you do!
Props to for some fabulous work lately!
Fun party!
I wish you great success in your new endeavor of photos and social media wrapped in one great package.
Haha it really is though.
Kind of awkward.
lol
suspended for public indecency?
for ling?
heyy good morning!
:
It is fun to watch the manimal play.
RT : HEY VISTA!
It is National Cancer Awareness Week this week.
Wear PINK tomorrow to support awareness for breast cancer!
I'm real good at math.
Add/subtract, said A.
I never got past algebra, said B.
What's that, asked A.
It's math, remarked B.
nappy time!
hey you, call me :D
I agree man, glad they didn't go with an Offensive player
im at my crib
Need to build time into our models, but also a way to assert continued identity so that we can actually model change
Starting in 5min: KYF2 convo w/ James Barham re Regional Food Hubs, hosted by
Ban Ron Artest for the year!
That needs to happen..
what up dude
Exited to see tonight and check out her new digs!!
: PS look out for a super new Big Bang promotion coming this week
Adore Pinterest!
We were invited and are thrilled!
Wow, Zeller AND Watford back?
Merry Christmas.
Are you interested in joining the Donk Coach team?
We are adding poker coaches.
You can name your hourly.
Please PM me for details.
Thanks
Good morning from Fort Wayne.
Trying to figure out how I'm going to get everything done before
Old lady at volleyball jokingly says I have fallen and I can't get up hahaha lol.
Yay for sense of humour
thanks Cory, talk to you when I'm heading south.
I've almost mastered the french braid...finally :
If there's not a bot responding to every mention of DC with gibberish, I'm going to be very disappointed in the internets.
I wonder what happened
the 23 is worth it.
Otherwise, I'd go with McCallan 18 or or Oban.
Kudos on the choice tho.
Mike Wallace  he made pols and CEOs cry like little girls
thank you..
It's a picture from one of my favorite performances :
Good night.
3
he's poor
Wow.
That's some good company.
Thanks!
Maybe a few more UO fans than Wisconsin, but one thing is for sure  it's damned warm right now, wow.
I agree.
Workout In.
Studio time!
:
: Kinda cool: today marks our 1year Twitterversary, and we just hit 8k followers.
Happy bday to us!
Happy Birthday Guys!
I wanna pierce my belly button and my ear again
Newly launched  Kimfitonline  www.kimfitonline.com  Atlanta Personal Trainer
you have the best tweets i swear :
I am, too.
I need to figure out the logistics of meeting all of my twitter friends.
:
The world is run by tired people.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
ok :P
U need 2 give Cindy a chance 2 sell it, the sponsorships r endless...Tylenol, Pepto Bismol, any local funeral home, hospital...
BoyzAreBack Tonight!
!
xo
did H359 win player of the week?
obvioustweet asks no one.
Just ate chineese food!
:
thx Tim  it's good to be back :
The music of Frank Sinatra just soothes my soul.
You know what I mean?
Incredible.
hahaha so true!!
oh god I'm still scarred by that website....Dare I say this blog better than our other fave?
Now that carmello is back in the lineup for the Knicks...it's MelloYello time
Another round down!
Waunakee's Parker Dietry correctly spells spadiceous at the National Spelling Bee.
we lost to America Jr...
Fucking unacceptable
Best thursday ever!!
off to bed
I rest my case ha
how are yeh mario sir.
Getting ready to hang with my girl, The Diva....: Then to bed for something that's ran from me for the past 3 days....SLEEP!
I hope the lights cut out and an assassin stabs her in the face :
The summer is almost over: Black Belt Bachelor turns its focus from dating to professorssional success and building social affluence.
RT : Wisconsin Thank you for standing up for yourselves
this is amazing Guy!
Wow!
Hey, when's the record hitting the streets, anyway?
thank you you're a lifesaver!
perhaps TheraFlu for U.
Thanks Matt
Be sure to add attend ASAP A SICK ALPHA PARTY 1:20:2012 to your 2012 New Years resolution list.
I just want to see More Than This already!
Yes LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME
's blog is the best R for sabermetrics resource I've found.
Excellent stuff.
He that would have fruit must climb the tree.
Thomas Fuller
Dear Justin, if you need an amazing girl to take part in one of your new videos, you don't have to pay anything.
I can do this voluntarily.
Big S/O to Dope Engineer !!
on of the best!!..
MuchLove to you bruh
Welcome to the St.
John's family!
RT : Just received my acceptance letter to St.
Johns University.
How exciting!
Coming to peace with myself!
im so used to staying up late that im never tired anymore.
Me and are playing a serious game of phone tag!
We loved getting to know everyone from Berea Gear Up!
Be sure to stay connected with your trainers
RT : Indianapolis, we are so sorry that you are suffering right now.
We are sending all our love and good wishes.
Be there soon......
Corn for dinner  fresh  wonder where these ears were grown?
Why all my family members trying to get at my ex boyfriends girl hahahahaha I feel so
Tim you are correct.
The story is about the Sunshine Pantry in Beaverton.
Not affiliated with us or OFB.
Oi.
What a crazy two days off.
How's tricks, big guy?
Oh man.
I will keep him in my prayers 3
Joe Biden he even accidentally policy.
Congrats to Octavia Spencer!!
Well deserved oscars win.
Finna go get some more workout clothes.
ShitFinnaGetReal lol
Four bars tomorrow!
Regina  Joe's 2988 N.
Milwaukee Moe's Tavern2937 N.
Milwaukee Podlasie Club2918 N.
Central Park Ski's2959 N.
Hamlin
In two weeks we will be in first by 34 games
President Paul is Trending!
People are waking up!
Join the r3VOLution !
I can agree with everyone that is talking about LEXG.This stock is moving nicely on huge huge volume,a dn the chart is very shrekky.
GREEN!
When I can say YES to negative feelings I have, invite them in and welcome the experience, they moves through me quickly and dissipate.
Utah researchers say only 2.5 of people can multitask, the rest only shift their attention rapidly between things.
Full day in the city!
It's good to be back!
You should put it on, it is!
Web privacy rules turn poachers into gamekeepers BRUSSELS  When you 'like' something on Facebook or read an online newspaper,
yeah he should be 44 ;
Yoga pants, no make up, and glasses.
I don't even care.
Much thanks to our followers for your continual awesome tweets!
We want more!
Follow US!
We follow back!!!
of course, im on it!
can i get a shoutout :
And to you, sir.
And may all your borrowed Santa hats be sanitary.
Or Santaary.
You hang out with the wrong men, apparently.
Yours, TwiceadayflosserwithaYchromosome
Thanks 5.00 in the swear jar already!
By the end of Holy Week I should have enough money for The Cayman Islands 
Appliance Product Photography  AppliancesConnection Discount ...
Had a great day!
emmy w/e they're all some form of award
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
No more running wild, I'm Yours for life!
Patron doctorven upgrades...
interesting.
don't feel bad I had to be schooled too :
A jug fills doctorp by doctorp.
Buddha
God AND a fellow?!
i dont deserve him, but i'm soo very thankful for him 3
Last two live day twos led to 1sts.
Let's make it 3 in a row!
Expenses  hotel 108, food 38.
Where is the heart in this?
I don't know, I don't know.
It's hot in here
Does business ethics include living by the Golden Rule?
It does in our definition.If u try to live by it as well, we'd love to hear from u!
he was telling me a little bit
Text me instead : I'm legit about to fall asleep, I is sleepy.
Feel better soon!
EVERYONE SHOULD SERIOUSLY GO FOLLOW !!
THEY'RE LEGIT!
;
So what time exactly is beer:30?
I have listened to These Colors Dont Run repeatedly, , DayBreaker needs to fucking get here already
I always wonder what my parents were like as teenagers.
That's what you need cincy...
more doctorg dealers
How belong before we can expect to see an spot in Green Bay?
We already have 77 teen applicants for our camp deejay program!
Who did Ryan butler make a music video for????
Can I get a
Thanks for the RT :
Looks like Chris Bosh was that important.
DWade not helping the cause at all.
1for10 from the field.
/ is 17
Is Hot rel to American Idol online stream Follow back me
Let's see if my magic powers work for Zendayda to.
Follow me......abracadabra.......hm will it work?
My 5 year goal: to get my family outta milwaukee
I want to pause here to thank all who were involved with the production of Christmas at Resurrection.
Great job!
We love a welldoctorssed man!
I'm a teacher, no commute, house and school have wifi.
NewiPad w/ or w/o 4gLTE  advice?
What about gigs?
.
Can you tell all of your followers about ?
Coming up March 2nd !
Thanks!
Told him the story that I planned my whole effin vacation around the notion  assumption Green Bay was playing in Super XLVI
All you have to do is look at the numbers.
Rehabilitation costs less and gives more results in most cases than incarceration.
RT : Least it was not bees like at the rockies game yesterday
You are good enough.
Even if they say you aren't.
Gotta write that conference paper, gotta pay that rent, busy, busy, busy.
But the powers that be say, If you see something, say something.
I've shied away from most Trayvon coverage, but the Zimmerman ish doesn't surprise me one bit.
Clark Pest Control guy kept his word.
We helped him move stuff.
He paid for pizza for us.
Nothing better then returning to work after a three day weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The fact that there are boys who are apart of teamdoctorzzy 
1st of all I don't even know you.!
2th idk don't even know her 3th thats not even me you jackass i just reported you:P
I hope that means he fixed the economy :
Been talking about doing it at for years.
took away the commute, so here we go!
Hey my phone is back to life lol!
RT : Getting ready to vote Budinger
it may happen but it'll be a salry dump type deal.
Anyone that takes his contract will be able to take him.
please do!!
I'm from chicago, live in texas and moving to Tennessee who do I cheer for when football season start?
You gotta listen to dat 'Welcome To HTwon' Shit Goes Slime!
Dude, that's all I know.
It was confirmed by but isn't in prelim program or Scheduler
i have to share a bed with angel and nykcole in hotel :O oh lord help me!
:p
Birthright Israel trip over, headed to the West Bank tomorrow.
Do I want a medal or a chest to pin it on?
Actually, I want to go home.
Tweet what's happening on www.hipstervegas.com!
Just tag it HipsterVegas  it'll show up on our site!
Wow technology!
Try it out!
PLZ RT
Ooooohhh, I bet you can.
glad to hear it!
which agency?
Going downtown with sarah was the shit.
got doctornk and didnt pay for SHIT!
its good to know bouncers and bartenders :
Getting ready for tomorrow can't believe its tomorrow wish me luck
Needs beer
backseat in my own car
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
I think they think they're playing basketball
The wrong ones cant hurt you.
Its the right ones.
detention 2 days in a row lol
Congratulations to Team Solnos and Team MAP!
Great presentations at the Cherokee Challenge Finale.
Thanks to all the panelists for joining!
I found myself in your area, looking at everyone's face that passed, secretly hoping I'd come across yours.
I want to wander.
just everything..
I was bawling my eyes out all day today.
Jack wants to kill me.
thevoice am on!
I'm eating Starburst Crazy Beans now.
2 flavors in 1.
now I want to try them on a peanut butter sandwich
studying SO much Beethoven in the coming weeks.
crazy good times.
What's happening ?
We can't just jump in a jet and fly to BB King in Times Square by 10pm to meet up with MMG.
Wish they would of told us a week before
Team meeting with beers, wine  cake in Fremont, overlooking the cut, at the passing boats, straight at the tent city of the homeless.
Great BJJ session w Chris, thanks for the time!
Think we can stop at the McDonald's doctorve thru real quick?
Congrats to on the little one...
weve always been cool peeps since high school: jake, jp, frog dog, diego, talan
: 11 3 If you don't wear a condom.
haha best tweet from you ever !
But now I think my math is broken!
What's a condom?
thanks Mike!
my cousin aziah is so sweet she says she loves u and u r so famous and she trys to be just like u love u and ur music alyssa
Kinda sad is leaving, but I had a blast with him!
RT : Ebooks represented 19 of Harpers sales in the U.S.
in the third quarter, 11 of world sales.
Tim McGraw album promo just got added!
If they don't delay the release again you may actually get to air it!
:
hahaha but typically it's you .
this time it happened too be Carlos .
Cute.
Twitter thinks I'm still a Chicagoan.
Got a video ....maybe two from last show with Payote at Harvelles...stay tuned!
don't pretend like you're so religious when we all know what you do.
lol does anyone else remember the band metro station??
Always nice to hear that.Thanks!
Awesome, can't wait to see some new episodes!
We began our launch in early October..
don't put whites with any other color..
Silly.
please come back
text me:
: Lucky ass shot
The Gum Wall is a good luck charm?
I had no idea!
Or Smith Tower, for that matter!
anchorman.
easy.
All i really want is my long hair back !
I'm developing my book into a Broadway cabaret act with short readings and taking THAT show on the road as my book release tour.
Thoughts?
UMKC was names of the top 600 schools in the country by Forbes.
That puts us in the top 8!
True,  I don't do the random opponent thing.
Do you?
If so, it'd be a trip to play.
My username is
in a Royals jersey?
I think I've died and gone to heaven.
Wish I could be in KC this weekend for the match.
will you be tweeting fans again any time soon?
I am so sad that I missed my chance!!
Wow!!!!
Finally I realized studying is hard!!!
I was feeling so bad, so down, so lost earlier, and feel somewhat better with no answer...really eerie feeling.
Budweiser stage is where I'll be staying on Sunday!!!
if joins CuseNation next yr the Cuse will be playing in this game, and winning it!
I think gaga killed me with that arrival
I definitely regret not being there.
Love the Netflix ILL idea, but don't know how it could be sustainable.
DVD's are so cheap to produce; books less so.
See now i'll remember today 
no sir.
I have to move and make some repairs to old place and be out by tomorrow.
Stressful shite
I wish Disneyland sold their corn dogs at stores.
I'm craving one like crazy right now!
thanks sew much dollzface
bye bye now :
Missing you like crazy3
If your in Miami and need a professorssional recording studio holla  me!
Stopped by DisneyAnimation for lunch today...
Cool Stuff coming!
TONIGHT!!!
LEIANA 9PM  DOBBS!!!
w/ Tidewater Grain, The Electric Boa, and Sweet Eureka!
Ditto.
One of my favorites is Batman: The Killing Joke.
So we're talking about sketchy easter bunnies, fear of clowns and old places around Milwaukee at work.
Yeah, it's a productive Friday.
today is gonna be a awesome one
For I am my mother's daughter, and the doctorms of Africa still beat in my heart.
Mary McLeod Bethun
Hey there.
I love the desserts at W.A.
Frost on Selby Ave.
in St.
Paul.
i wanna b got plz?
love ya!
IM BACK!x
Just discovered my desktop has wireless hm
Tim Urban sucks.
Didi Benami should not have been eliminated.
I'm completely destroyed my Brother had a lil' girl...
Lol
Criminal Minds makes me happy that I don't have a car.
hey what time is it?
theres a clock right there.
Bitch did I fckin ask you where a clock was!?
Hope the Egyptian uprisings improve salaries.
I Have intelligent, creative friends there making peanuts
Seems like my bed was strapping me down this morning.
That feeling when there isn't anymore toilet paper and you're already done taking a dump 
Babysitting my fake baby and finding new music.
This is not so bad.
Yeah.
It'll last for a day or two.
And then I go back to being the Twitter equivalent of Calvin Coolidge.
that's funny.
That's the same day I start my new job on South Beach.
Let's get it.
Someone needs to tell this nasty little boy to cover his nasty little mouth when he coughs, sneezed, and whatever else he's letting out!
What?
I'LL PASS.
Not down like that.
What inspires you when it comes to healthy living?
No problem!
Thanks to the Earth Day Clean Up volunteers!!
your retail suffers when you hold up people 30 mins behind ONE security scanner.
I could've bought some expensive cocktails
you need to lollx
RT Don't forget to shop at Whole Foods Market Houston today!
5 of all sales go to the Orange Show!!
So glad I didn't grade this essay first.
Problems, yes, but it's one of those redefining essays.
It's awesome to be a teacher.
that's to funny!
How do you even find out that you can pay for followers?
Sounds like a black market to me lol
This is the best feeling.
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
I'm just sitting here nodding my head
Maybe you need to get back on the mower with your laptop and see what kinds of stories you create!
:
Music and song fills my heart and mind which only means I get to share it with all of you!!!
I cant wait to let you hear them!!!
I read the first few words of that and thought you put up my latest interview.
Blowhard is a good title given that 'BJ and the Bear' was already taken.
Good night all!
Be safe if you're out.
:
: Yuni with a great grab!
....and a nice hit earlier as well in possibly his final game as Brewer
I shouldn't be up in my Ambien haze, but the dogs needed to go out.
Found a new assisted living place for mom, so moving days approach!
Exhausted, oh well got 2HOURS until.BOYFRIEND I don't need sleep I got
Great night with my real people Mad love for the true few
Good point!
Economic bias is the elephant in the room that we don't want to talk about, but need to.
: me to and I remember saying oh boy, he won't get far!
and look at him now!!
Look at me now, I love him!!
Horton, Leyva, Orozco, Brooks, Wynn, Mikulak, Ishino among men's gymnasts slated for May 5 qualifier at Colorado Springs.
religion, so it was what I was exposed to.
Yes, all holy books have teachings people don't follow.
And that's why atheism was what
I think so.
I think it would make his day.
Met some clients of yours this weekend.
They are very happy.
Keep up the good work!
Those who forget the pasta are condemned to reheat it.
Author Unknown
I wonder if Dante went to practicee wit Ashlee
thanks man.
Been looking forward to it going public for a good while We work w/amazing investigators
But I prefer the term class dish
ok just checking.
Everyone is okay though right?
Boo my nieces need tickets hook it up boo
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
Carl Sandburg
Me being me doesnt involve u so if u think i NEED u i was born without u and damnsure dont need this relationship
oh bummer...
I could not take such stylish shoes from such a cutie!
I will find my own pair.
Welcome to the Wiz of Awes crew!
I'm more of a smoker lol cheers to that!
My boss is obsessed with She just gave me his book and told me it was genius.
I'll be the judge of that.
Who is taking the next 12 months to train seriously for their first CrossFit Games experience?
I know I want to be on a team for regionals!
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient.
Stop trying to move ahead of the God.
His timing is always perfect.
Trust Him.
got some Sunday session work to do.
Beats hanging around the house listening to my loud ass neighbors bump their bass.
My son lives inVegas and I never know what the heck is going in!
Have a great time!
1800 miles since April; 200 more to go.
the Wine Wednesday Bridge?
Where on earth is that?
Ah I shoulda listen to on not swim yesterday since it was cold.
.
Noe im getting sick :/
Spider House is legendary...what is your go to order there??
The eggnog shake at McDonalds is surprisingly pretty tasty
That is the great parent.
Friday Humor: I sold my house this week.
I got a pretty good price for it, but it made my landlord mad as hell.
Garry Shandling
's reliance on others for his own commentary is a bullshit copout itself
they gonna judge me anyway.
I predict that the SafeLibraries blog guy will gripe about this in the comments of the next Annoyed Librarian post.
Mother's Day Supper at Lincoln, call for a reservation!
Wonderful production and amazing performance of Rinaldo, but for God's sake, would someone please unplug the smoke machine!
Just about ready to sit down for a webinar.
I'm kind of pumped.
Uh uh the skinny white girl slap the wrong one bernice aint having it
These freshman are nasty af
Would love to see the caps force a game 7 and win it just like against the bruins
its a love story what more can I say except that Team Edward rocks for the people that are into it.
Am I to be nervous when I walk into your church, or will your pastor be nervous for his flock??
LOL
To the hostess at the restaurant we're attending for my dear friend's birthday: We will have words.
You will not like any of them.
Club reputation...Houston , TX
Can't stress how much I hate doctorving anywhere near prius's and minivans
Lee Foster doctorams of the day he can say the WLT call letters on the air again.
Thank you misterWickus!
: x
Well then, I hope you have a big really butt.
snicker Omg, now the twitter bot will send me fans of big butts.
sigh
Roses are reddish, Violets are bluish, If it weren't for Christmas, We'd all be Jewish.
Benny Hill
I didn't know shes out of my league was filmed in Pittsburgh ..?
counting
very pretty:
bet, who you going with?
Twitter right now got depressed Heat fans, and a bunch of savages roaming trying live that creep life
We need a miracle George!
Ouch.
I feel your pain.
Holy shiznits he went to jarred I think I'm going to die!!!!
But he went to Kay every kiss begins with k not j
Weve been updating the server software and it is causing the shake.
It will be fixed in a day or so.
I mean math.
Anyone use or have an opinion about The Open Group Architecture Framework?
never got around to that can of V8.
LTBroadcasts A new record has been made for an airplane flight from England to Australia11,000 mile trip in 9 days
alright..yu kno I'm broke right?
no no no Well then I look like potato to :
I thought I was the only one hahaha!
Especially when they lift up their shirts  idk why, but they weird me out, but they do!
those are the most amazing games ever omg
Are there any ultimate frisbee pickups during this weekend?
The folks at sent me a sample of merqun spice a while back  now I'm hooked.
Just got a 3pack I ordered to restock
How u do I pay you through Email?
I cant remember how I did this last time.
Im the guy who bought I Awoke from u.
Holler back
I miss both of you!
RT : I miss you!
That's it.
I'm going on a BBQ roadtrip all over the south.
Thanks Anthony Bourdain for the inspiration!
Hello youtubes!
For the record I showed Andoctorw.
And creepyfriendly showed me.
why are great shows like Community and Arrested Development so lowrated?
i've never really understood it
I know me too!!!
RT : It's Wednesday but I'm already in Friday mode...
YallNeedToBreakUpIf you are abused or not respected.
You deserve respect!
ooh i have a box of those in my fridge right now!
they are good
Fund View: Biondo fatherandson mutual fund No.
1 in U.S  Chicago Tribune
I really need to wrap up this work by the weekend so I can attend
piloxing?
miss those classes!
RT jab, cross, hook, upper cut gettin my Monday night sweat on w the girls
changed my password, hope that helps!
wow
I hate everybody that's ever sent me an event or game request on Facebook.
I hate you all.
Please don't forget what I sent you regarding your TAG eligibility and the impact of being instate!
ok, might finally try the broccoli grilled cheese today!
The cover was great!!

Awesome!
Thanks , hope you will stop by soon mate!
Happy New Year!
Here's hoping that 2012 is a lot more than just a rerun of 2011!
I don't want it anymore I left 2011 behind focused on 2012 and I swear its bettet
np what do you do sing rap what
Listening to that old music aka silk
beat her ass.
; Ill help.
Getting to work a bit early today...ton to do!
And yikes this ice!
nice work!
Hay hay Birthday boy, it's mine too today!
I would love to come to your screening n laugh my ass off too...what do I have to do?
your pony joint shut down the club last night.
I'm playin pacman ; he is si awesome
We're all set up at Come check out our booth and have a sample.
It's symbolic, considering our Batman collection
In Btown
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 46
I'm confused lol, position?
hello there.
How ya doing?
It is important to keep your head up and follow what you believe is right.
Ajay Naidu
thanks for the RT
Please follow me.you're my life!
Yep.
I dub this Symbiotic Sunday!
Getting paid today woop woop!
Going shopping maybe tomorrow
FUCK YEAH SUCK IT JETS!
Especially you plaxico!
already writing to this cover song its almost done!
omg gunna be so hot : yall better love it!
Homework is the death of me..
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 46
Not sure why we are afraid to take the shot from time to time
I want to cook bacon on your forehead and then seductively eat it off.
Is that weird?
That makes me very sad :.
Never knew we have Nandos here in America..
Might have to travel to the east coast soon
Oyster night tonight, yum yum!
Clippers had this game with about 8 mins left.
Since then they have played like a team that doesn't know how to close out a series.
new video today gonna be tight!!
I have a doctorid...will chk out market and tweetdeck.com.
Where's doc on Twitter, like a bio, shortcuts, terms, etc?
Spotify is way way better when you pay for it.
But have no idea if that's the same context.
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
yes, that worked for me.
OMFG FOLLOWED MEE :o:o aH DIED
guys who can bake are more likly to cook as well am i right?
It's SOTU day!
Expecting a busy day in the offices :
: so how has your week been?
Can't beat it!
RT : love your view everyday
Ahh....
Twitter...
Let's do this.
Getting much better at the letting it bend before it breaks thing...
I'll be seeing you on Saturday and doctornking way too much wine!
:
You can't rely on Facebook for marketing your business.
They can change the game whenever they please.
Kobes wife is bad
Not sure if finding ping pong balls in the shower is good or bad
First day I've had a computer in 5 days.
Good to be back home!
lmfao Idc, I just think this is the funniest thing that's ever happened to me ...
where u from
The Council is discussing paying employees back for the furlough days.
I.
Am.
ALIVE.
Movie Night Sunday 8pm mentorstudio, who is coming?!
Sleep and water.
I literally get sick from lack of sleep.
One Direction's WMYB on a NOW cd.
Oh.
Lakers get blown out heat lose by a few, lakers at full strength heat w/o Chris Bosh u tell me whos weak
Talking at dinner my wife described me as being casually elegant which beats old, short, fat, eccentric and weirdly doctorssed...
is exhausting after a night of grading.
New york was the first state to require cars to have license plates.
The concert last night at was awesome!
Tomorrow night, and this weekend, !
Yeah...The Voice!
Ready to see some all over my TV
My wife finally saw MayweatherCotto fight and says Why are Cotto fans upset?
He got his ass kicked, and she's a Cotto fan!
InTheSummer i'm going to grow my hair out 3
On behalf of jzinonos, mot tweets :mot was set to MEGUMI by electric power.
hahahha...
fck the both of y'all
There is a good thing that came out of this you taught me how to be strong all by myself.
Security informed me that I was no longer allowed to run past Speilberg's trailer.
Added to list of celebs I've personally offended.
why would you cancel that?!
xD
Middleton def.
East 100 in first meeting this season.
I foreshadowed tonight's meeting in a post on my blog, which I can't link to since the district's wifi is so slow!
Just tapped snowmageddon on cask: !
Representing at the Relato Digital Storytelling conference in Valencia this week!
Having a fun business brunch with
Y is everyone dieing or getting sick.....I had two of my parents friends died nd now my uncle is sick, he's dieing of liver cancer.
2 days left!
I met so many women in LA who I hope our girls turn out to emulate, and now I'm off to NYC for more!
So excited!
Mild heart attack when the cleaners show up an hour early.
One minute, one minute!
scrambles to grab clothes
Im single, i dont know how i feel about this yet
Toptional is taking Vegas over.
Let's get to it!
decastro was a GREAT CATCH though
i don't follow back rubbish,.
please dont send rubbish
Im A Part Time Female Swim Team Coach .
songs worse
ppl dont know what they want to do
AUSTREAM when austin gave me a shout out : made my life complete !!!
Anyways...
Lol I'm done.
Don't feel left out Toledo, Prussia will be at Frankie's on the 3rd!
Alright folks, where are we watching the bulls game tonight?
Jamming to all the old songs from like 2007 on my iTunes
Promoting CFR propaganda for corporate takeover of the worlds food supply in the name of feeding the hungry?
Shameful.
Goodbye.
Cheers to Simplicity....
Pierrette HondagneuSotelo says that Obama's dortation policy is equivalent to a gendered racial removal program.
As you can see I'm no longer fighting w/ TPT.
I've decided that if they don't care for my contribution I will take traffic elsewhere.
lmaooo..
I wasn't walking that fast .
I don't eat at or follow Wendy's, so why are they on my feed?
what happened to foxxhopper?
and how am I still miraculously following you?
Not complaining, i just confuse easily, you know.
daylight savings exhaustion hitting hard.
I need espresso stat.
FF can't wait to be back for season 3 of
I was laughing at the possible jokes when Heidi exclaimed this is the most expensive thing I've ever held in my hands!
the quick green fox jumped past the tired dog.
thanks pa
haahaha love the professorpic on twitter...so glad u cropped me out!
sbtechtakeover memories 33
because ur his girlfriend
18 minutes then I get to go to my.next.class that I can chill in as well :D
Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
Winston Churchill
Sacramento Kings take on the Philadelphia 76ers at the Wells Fargo Center, Tonight at 4 pm.
Listen  1140am or watch  CSNCA
started kissing me again ; ah i think i love him 3
So much rage for the Sparkman parking lot.
Everything was fine how it was.
I am not concerned about the basketball lockout.
I was getting tired of millionaires with 41 FThrow who miss 15 foot jumpshots.
Yuriorkis Gamboa is eerily similar to Mike Tyson.His ko over Solis was downright awesome
Ok, Buckeyes, you are in control right now.
Bring home a win.
sappy mood tonight lol :
Thank you God for another day of life!
Have a great weekend and have confidence, everybody ;
spotted on 405 freeway caravan of Mazda 6's with Michigan manufacturer plates.
After an incredible weekend in Las Vegas, it's nice to jump back into the daily grind...
All done for the day!
Thanks everybody for coming out and for following us!
Huzzah!
In the studio all at different times today!
Guitars, Bass, Theramin...
The sex, the baby and watch it grow!
Feeling thirsty???
Come join La Cofradia for HAPPY HOUR
My application to the Summer Institute on Data Curation was accepted!
Whoa, yeah, way too much too tweetthat's why I'd taken to G.
In Las Vegas citywise.
Not cool.
Did they leave?
well at least they're healthyish haha!
Hell yeah!!!
BBN!
Life's....
About to get so real for me!
Fuck having to work to get money, rather do what I love.
my mom just put my phone down in water...and she doesn't understand why I'm pissed off...
a couple turns ago I doctorw audience, and it showed that you didn't get it, but he right letters werent even showing
I met my husband at a local coffee shop.
So it totally happens.
Hello Friends do you have your own style or do you follow other?
Fusco: plaza as theatrical staging ground for social relations and response to authority
Brrr!
Got the chills :
Hoping to see win her primary today in
Having one of those days I should have stayed in bed
who wants to talk?
i'm kinda bored u.u
Anyone else try the crowdcraftproject B'Austin Ale at sxsw?
We the people got it right!
Very nice.
Sun's out!
Feels like a fresh start  and it is!
Happy New Year, everyone!
Lovely evening in Baltimore.
Cocktails, anyone?
Winding roads and autumn leaves, rocks to my right, sunsparkling creek to my left, and thanking my lucky stars...
twinkle twinkle little whore a relationship is 2 not 4.
unless your into that kind of thing
So can Travis Wood.
Too bad Dusty Baker didn't have him as the starter for game 1.
Might have had a different ending to the game!
RT : thanks mom so excited.
She wants her spurs to see what she has made.
She keeps pounding away at the cancer.
hey girl!
thanks for the follow!!
how are you?
can't wait to see you guys!
No stereotyping my boyfriend lol
Harvest season is just around the corner.
The trees look great.
I love you!
Congrats on getting over 80 million views on youtube!
how bad does it hurt your feet doing a backflip off your car?
Soles in racing shoes are thin!
Win !
Thats a nice rarity.....
Now hoping for a and Terps win for the evening !!
I'd love that, but our beaches suck 
were gonna watch the hunger games and im going with my friend Kristel and Janine.
they were all new to twitter but they did a great job!
APRIL 7 come to 's Day In The Park 2pm 5pm w etc...
Wearing pedometer.
Step count will look healthy, but only because I'm doctornking 24oz beers at bw3s  making constant trips to restroom.
got my first finalcutpro edited clip under my belt!
Woot!
Sissy boy story example of travesties perpetuated in the name of Christianity.
Aint been on twitter in min...
what up my people!!!
My fellow Palin twitters.
I received a letter from Sarahpac.
She needs our support to finish what was started in 2010...
Just followed back everyone that followed me on instagram.
lol when should i start it?
We want names!!
RT : at least 1 guy in SLA2012 needs to be listening to what's being said right now about avoiding conflicts
so cute.
: thanks homie.
How have you been?
He hasn't been in the grave for a long time.
He walks the earth neither dead or alive...
Residential shredding done everyday, closed on Sunday.
working on something and i look way better than you!
I need more cough doctorps
Thanx 4 the Follow!
3 right back at ya!
Just poked my honey on FB.
FB tells me he has not received it because he has not logged in to receive it yet.
Poke.
Poke.
Poke.
Maybe?
When no one is looking???
Plan is to slowly fade back outbid your life.
Oviestlyy
Oh I see what you did there
I hate pancakes lol and I'm an ass remember?
:
according to commercials some serious business is about to go down!
I really kinda want to dance tonight.
If you want to be scared SHITLESS watch
Hey Guys  TONIGHT  Boulder 19th Ward  The Bright Light Motion w/ Kill the Mariner  7 PM  FREE
Boys never realize how much one little thing can hurt a girl.
MQ 
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea???
Most of the panels we've been to were outdated, preaching to the choir or selfcongratulating
Looking for another job ..
I want to eat your heart
: I like the special edition holiday Reese's.
Bigger, more peanut butter.
DANG NOW I WANT ONE!
needs to quit saying people are saying mean things about me!!
Hahaa.
Now and then I think of all the Times you screwed me over...
I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down...
misterAbraham Lincoln
Thanks for sharing!
Unfortunately, that po.st link didn't seem to go anywhere
Fuck it ill doctornk.
Girls in Front Royal.
whores
Ministering at a pastors conference.
this weekend.
I love helping pastors encounter God  seeing them refreshed  renewed.
RT Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Is that supposed to scare me?
Haha
RT : If the bluebird of happiness shits on you, just wipe it off and use it in your fudge recipe.
Put all the details they'd need into a PDF containing the email threads, yet they still ask me for the details.
Hate.
Customer.
Service.
bringing it back to 2007 old school nights doing it up big with
I try and use Emojis on everything.
I forget that the whole world doesn't have iPones......
think more about loving people in Honduras, and I feel bad.
I had no idea.
so hood stay hood luv me tiaunna marie
the ghetto way of saying gunna ;P
I'm always working at looking for work even when I'm working ;
Dan Knott, respected Chrysler purchasing chief, dies at age 51 after battle with cancer
Thanks for the mention!
Glad you enjoyed the article.
Good stuff!
Today's my half birthday already, so.
As of today, I can get my license.
I would totally love to see your show!
Let me know what goes on?
you on the list for mixes for sure.
I feel like this has been the longest week ever.
And we've had half days!
Pith wanted to repost one of my blog entries.
Now maybe I can get my very own hateful gast comment!
Magic Johnson is going to be a grandfather  could hardly believe it, but what a tremendous thing for him  his family.
beachtobay volunteer: leg five will need to hitchhike to the finish line.
Umm yeah sure.
u already sleep.
He always has an excuse but the blame lies with him chokers RT : Redknapp complaining about 'tiny squad'.
IBM pushes new integrated, lowercost Linux servers  Computerworld
We are St.
John's!
RT : is attending the Cleveland Independent Schools Fair at Hawken Upper School tnite!
Grateful that every day is a day to start over
Yeah buddy we got that run going
oh sorry: did you have to get a 399 to pass?
Thank you!
;0
Unboxing my new
TONIGHT: performing at Skully's Music Diner!
Doors at 5pm  12
Have you try our misterWasabi Steak?
It comes with miso soup, salad and rice.
Yummy!
It's like that old saying goes, Secrets, secrets, are no fun...especially when you HAVE TO KEEP THEM UNTIL JULY!
That might just be me.
WTF????
WHO THE HELL IS THAT?
neti pot looks like a nose bong
I'm convinced that Magic is a robot...lol
There comes a time, if you sit back, where you get a chance to really look at yourself and know and understand yourself a little better
At the hotel and preppin for tomorrow
we baybay we live dangerously ;
Yes!
A great essential oil blend that is Ylang Ylang, Lavender and Frankincense.
It is for blasting away Fear of Change
Can you believe that has never been tailgating?
To be rectified Friday.
this will now be stuck in my head till I watch it!!
haha will always be my favorite movie 3
It makes me feel bad to see little old people sitting by there self at restaurants.
:
OMG FOOD NETWORK STAR SO EXCITED YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
You're not so bad yourself : I miss you kiddo!
How are you?
What a great asset!
I Love Louis :D
Snatch was just doctorpped in the office.
well lucky for you i didnt disclose your full name ; haha jk jk
Guys and Dolls, I am live in 5 minutes and will be live tweeting for about an hour  come watch my life crumble  ZenLive.tv at 9pm EST
Not to suck you down the rabbit hole, but if you liked Hunger Games, you HAVE to read Divergent.
It's really great.
Its not Faith if you use your eyes..
o.O What, she wants so much mayo in it it no longer tastes like fish?
Thanks for the follow.
You are an inspiration.
Bet you keep all those younger writers on their toes.
: If it snows, we're still having the event.
If it REALLY snows, we may have to cancel.
But there's no easy way to reschedule.
We've got a gig in Sunnyvale at Murphy's Law on thursday.
Come flirt with the hot bartender and the boys in the band.
Love, the PR girl
Texas fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
I'm not a cat person.
That's why I raised Token to be a dog.
Puck?:your in NY city of love Sam:mouthful of foodI thought that was Paris
Winning this series would be glorious.
ALL American
Human life runs its course in the metamorphosis between receiving and giving.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Idgaf  I don't give away food.
Yes ma'amu kno how I do lol RT : lol I figured it was just a joke
never a good idea haha
Not Bad...
I Like
we should have the site up on our goal date of the 1st, Lilly demanded to be the 1st pet of the month, but who will be next...
Ethan Rafuse speaking on Lincoln and the conduct of the war in the House of Representatives Chamber, Old State Capitol, Springfield...
Heat look good
enjoyed your latest piece on Matador!
Great tip  thanks!
We'll start the watch...
Tonight spring industry party, 10:30  2:30 dj in the vault, free sushi, full bar.
come dance the night away
808Pride RT date guys like nick acts like vinny abs like mikey cutie like louis bootie poper like jason tall like madison liver like T
Space still available for button accordion classes at Plaza De La Raza.
Group lessons are 10.
Sign up today by calling 2232475.
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: 2DAYS.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Join our email list check out our website  OhioAnimalCompanion.org :
RT : becauseofobama and I are happy // :
Disney has written me into another episode of Austin  Ally!
Film next week!
Here we go December...
Good afternoon : you didn't get a good morning s/o cus I wake up late  Bt here you have it..
thats awesome man  you on 360 or ps3?
Off to Dobbs to see my friends play :
RT : vashon proud!
RT : Best Chef: Northwest: Matt Dillon, Sitka  Spruce, Seattle
MENTION ME 3
Brand new.
Made of 67oz Premium Cowhide Suede Split Sand.
You're pathetic.
With the finishes at the TXAm qualifier you can say SUgolf is stacked, both figuratively and literally.
I had a great time you today baby I love you:
Some live to see the gain.
Others die to end the pain.
Few smile to stay sane.
But I?
I live just to remain...
Cooler, doctorer weather means static electricity in your hair.
Helpful tip: Use products that reduce friction to prevent too much static.
Trying to figure out how to work twitter
you'll always be in my elite cool fave people group.
:D
: met Jamie, aka Marlow from The Wire.
Having already met Omar I've met my two favorite actors from my favorite television program
Gotta grow up sometime!!
Haha yeah sitting on the patio, sipping a rum and coke and listening to the brewers game
that's right noboysallowed until we get there of course
yes we should but how would I get my stuff there or urs here?
And ur no help!
minecraft on blast
Bus of southern catholic school kids  dude in tights with a sword  crazy night at Five Guys
it's ant tho, half the words he utters are actually stutters lol
mom: I don't know why you're waisting your time , he doesn't even know you, you should forget him and focus on your real life BLAH BLAH
At least he's dedicated!
:
follow back??
that awk moment when you are the only grl walking with your bf and his friends and you don't know any of them and its quiet..
Can't wait to be with !!
Haven't seen him at all b/c he's busy :/ But anyways can't wait for next week babe!
Mos Def..
I got expectation for this summer.
Hope you're around :
Wonderful weather today!
I hope you are enjoying it!
Thanks for the follow Send edited MP3 to .edu thanks for the support
If you standwithwalker, you stand with the only Governor in our state's history that needs a criminal defense fund for massive corruption
hey do you guys have a bottle of Black toner for your copier down there or one that I could replace in a few days?
: sxMetcalfe: Tech startups are basically heat seeking missiles looking for their target.
: Woo Hoo!!!
Funny u r on Twitter!
Have fun for us slobs jealous / Our wedding is Saturday on the beach.
I hate Twitter character limit
Piano man
I should of been asleep 2 hours ago.
But I wanna talk to you so..
:
Anyone have a view of the Ohio River in Ripley?
Would love to do some wakesurfing this weekend!
well he better rethink that
doctors today say waist measurement may be more important then BMI, wonder about the implications for
Come see what goes on between the pages of Little Women opening April 29  7:30pm SDSU theatre.sdsu.edu LITTLE WOMEN the muscial
Off to the delightful Blackeyed Susan CD release !
Happiest Friday, friends!
Cozy up to your coffee, your work and doctoram of the weekend.
Also of July.
And fruity doctornks.
And...
True life
I see nothing but perfection in you
For those of us that missed it, what exactly did you say??
Wolf needs a new Glove
: tell me about your startup.
Are yoh still in Germany?
Finally time u have a picture up!!!!
Now tweet woman!!!
your dog is adorable!
Finally started reading The Hunger Games.
I can see why it's engrossing in just the first fifty pages.
Incredibly subversive.
sounds like we need a rr wine reunion!
yes!
They are selling them at Kiosk.
I almost bought one.
cant wait for Saturday!!!!!!!
Can't wait for Katy Perry's movie :DD
A doodle is the start of an idea..
oh Chris!!!
Swagg
Okay , I'm here and ready to advise!
This  RT Its just a no good very sad day.
The Script concert tonight with Christina!
PUMPED!
I hope that's still pretty far but I could manage that:
Got script revisions for The Device this Saturday.
I shall be ready!
i asked!
Warning: the internet may contain traces of nuts.
So apparently my book is available just not on Amazon yet.
back in the game?
Follow she's beautiful and my best friend:
yes ma'am I'm fine.
Why u ask that?
Have a good weekend being timeshare free and respond for next weeks transfer
didn't go away after writing PW.
Still there, but hope lives alongside it that story will save other animals.
i try not too..
Don't forget Kentucky when it comes to bad football teams.
Omg I have such a toothache left side top and bottom
I'm extremely tired.
I've got school tomorrow with Edgar.
Success is dependent upon the glandssweat glands.
Ron Artest: I think we did OK.
Yeah, OK for a 29point doctorlling
woke up with When Doves Cry in her head.
YOMO...You Only Marry Once so choose me!!!
mormpickuplines awe3
I like the idea, let's talk Mark.
is anyone wearing a cool tie in the surveillance?
thesilktie.com
What about that thunderstorm when I was up?
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.
Fred Allen
Get ready to explore the impact of generational diversity.
Get tactics for bldg better dialogue from
ThingsThatINeed 's follow
would love to know what you have coming in the near future.
Would love to have a chance to audition please keep me postGodbles
Don't play dumb to get a man.
Real men like intelligence.
When I have nothing else to say I'll tweet song lyrics
lately I been having an obsession of listen to Tank
gold diggin ass bitch 
thank you sweetheart!
This game is insane!
so excited for my trip there and your trip here!
of course he does...how can one resist.
told you i got you lol...
:
But this is not the end we still have picnic we gonna make it crunk!!!!!!!
Migraine out of nowhere.
Fack.
The ceaseless praise for Apple's user interface design is the Mussolini made the trains run on time of the information age.
Two of the first cities to hit 80 today: Fairmont and Rochester!
I see your true colors and that's why I  you
RT : 82 grad rate means more than 8 out 10 studentathletes are earning degrees within six years.
This is great news.
Right now!!
From about 9AM to 9 PM every weekday in the library by Sam's Place.
We are the tables closest to the front doors.
I are not average!
RT : None of us are average.
Be yourself.
When makes fun of you for not having a dirty mind
I didn't even get the practice questions right...
eoct ithinkifailed 
Finally!
:D
i dont even know what that means bro
Had a Awesome day today God has really help me strength my Faith and now all I want to do is GO Hard 4 Him in everything I do I Love My God!
Nope...
I'm on the same page.
the older seem to act more immature.
truuuudaaaat lol
Bling Bling Nite is coming!!!
Support All About HOPE
im omw.
Make sure its cold lol.
I just had some and I didnt have to walk to the second house to getem lol
Making Changes On My BDay Next Month
not that it's right, but America is a business first...we can't really expect it to operate otherwise.
those guys are disposable.
unacceptable!
Get back online!
I expect you to buy NCAA football 2013 as well lol.
Hello Tivoli theatre.
Your lights look pretty.
Might want to spell check your thank you email there Sparky : Interview with Gordon Birsch tomorrow in Scottsdale
3rd annual BBQ sauce contest/festival: Sat, Oct.
27, 2012, at in Austin, Texas.
Put it on your calendar!!!
lmfaooo i really don't know THAT much, but i know some things like you know some things bout my liffe.
Military News, Benefit Information
This lady threw aaallllllllllll my clothes all over the room smh.
Oomf can most definitely get it .
thats what I need, a secret partnership with a huge company.
Still moving forward.
No time to rest.
On flt 600 and landed in PHX at 8:35.
Still sitting on plane waiting for a gate.
Next plane boards in 15m.
Could be avoided.

I hate dummy missions.
My work is a game, a very serious game.
The only thing that makes these midnight interviews tolerable is how wonderful these participants on the other side of the world are.
I must have typed the word 'pigeon' fourteen times before deciding that it was actually spelled correctly.
Not a fan of the bird or the word
red bringing out the fire?
thoughts tangled up in my writing again
its not summerslam its
The rescheduled UX Happy Hour meets Beer  Code is this Wednesday, 1/25 at our HQ from 6:30pm to 10ish.
Design meets dev!
Come on by!
can you let me know what your thoughts of the seminar are!!
I'm thinking about going to the one in boston

One of your fans wrote me.
She took your bady tweet seriously!
I'll retweet it so that you can see it.
The Chiefs have claimed QB Kyle Orton off waivers.
The only way I can understand this, is if they are planning for the future...
Lonely bored confuesd before I met you.
The score could be much worse for the pens.
Flyers hit two posts and missed a few open nets.
Lololol!
Get outta here with ya OverThirsty butt!
Lololol!
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
Every single thing that happens to you or for you, happens 4 a reason.
Find out the reasons and you'll find out your purpose.
Proverbs24:20
I have become insignificant.
Ho hum...
fuck yeah dude!
Thanks for The BugaBees tweet!
miss it?
what?
being ignored?
I don't think so..
Just got a call from some1 looking 2 offer our clients Facebook advertising  PR services.
yea dude, i was thinking of looking into gigs there, spread my wings a little in the home country!
This Nigga Here!
well of course.
It's make him appreciate his voice that much more.

please follow us so may forward a DM 2 U.
Thks!
We certainly have our heads screwed on properly.
When he told me he liked me, I just wanted to melt3
This nice weather is an illusion
Am I the only one who thinks everyone who doctorves slower than me is old and everyone who doctorves faster than me is a douche?
hey, what was the homework for chung?
:o
Congrats and good luck
Conquered a new yoga sequence today!
Feeling stronger with each pose.
3 more classes, and then 2 finals, and I'll be done for the summer.
Omg I can not wait.
hugs Hope the doctorgs work and you get better quickly.
for a memoir of Gemini and Apollo missions, I like Carrying the Fire by Michael Collins
comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort.
on that shit !
Looking for a good book on web services.
Anyone have a favorite?
I Got KU pullin' the upset!!!
Check out my new videos with pageant tips from Miss Manhattan Beach and Miss Venice Beach!
not in my eyes....but if your going conf champs for bcs conferences...maybe...
It's bird flu?
Bird flu!?
Oh my fuckin gosh can we just go to Golden Corral so I can be a fatass  put everything in the chocolate fountain please
Hello my Twitter friend.
Have a Wonderful!
Memorial Day.
Stay safe and keep tweeting me.
Tweet!
Tweet!
My Boy Speedy Lew Wilson Gonna Have a Son...
damn shits gettin Real
You were there too?
Ahh I'm sad I missed you.
And, according to the show, I'm not normal either!
Like, at all
Do I need to reiterate my understanding that you're neither southerner nor supporter of this?
way too much.
RT jamieinoutrspce: so ya betta hide ya kids, hide ya wife.
sljsummit10 All educational research shows that tmost significant effect on student achievement is quality TEACHING.
Do you get this?
Another great Grammy winning Delta Bluesman has died at 96....
R.I.P.
David Honeyboy Edwards...
Not very many originals left
got concerned there for a sec about nan.
lol.
I thought it was great, but perhaps it's cooler over here?
Truly enjoying the calm before the storm.
If her legs don't work why does she have a cast ?
These guys in the mall are very Not smart.
How fitting that I am ringing in this Valentines Day with ForgetAboutTheBoy!!
: you launching???
That logo hard!!
That's ur shit?
yea that's me!!
Preciate that too my nig.
I still gotcha!
We would like to start planning early  get a lot of students interested in the State Competition!
WSUV DECA represent!
Ima go.
I'll be on before I delete it.
Peace.
Tonight and tomorrow night be sure to check out AVA Ballet's Vortex.
It's one ballet that certainly rocks!
8:30 p.m.
Hawkins Amphitheater!
congrats on 400k!!!
so proud of you austin!
3 plz follow me back it would mean so much to me:
By noon today, every 1er had pocketed what the average worker makes in a year.
Via
I'm always looking for meaningful one night stands.
Dudley Moore
fun times in colorado keep thinkin ao
not even on Kwikstar?
Qixtar?
Whatever it's called?
I hate when my friends try to set me up with someone.
I think I'm capable of making my own decisions.
Australia and New Zealand as soon as a promoter wants to book it!!!
Soon we hope!
Cheers!
Dont worry so much about tomorrow that you forget to enjoy TODAY.
did my dad pick y'all up?
oddhour birds
Dance again  jennifer lopez:
YOUVE BEEN TO AMERICA BEFORE???
What restaurant did you go to?
My daddy who is a 2 time Childhood Cancer survivor just gave me 100 for !
Please donate to !
I'm by them  come say hi!
I know.
but hey, text me.
I'm booorrreeeedd!
When someone you hate blows up your phone
np I do talk to my followers I'm not mean lol
So happy trey was 1 today
tired.
not done.
time to not get enough sleep.
I know a great place to go!
:
Shifts do not appear on my map.
Last time I did a shift was 199 days ago because of this.
How can I submit an inquiry to fix?
Can't wait for next Monday to watch another episode of makeitorbreakit :

feels good too!
making a donut run 4 jenni!
First one of this pregnancy.
Yea dats wat I'm talking bout
Thanks so much for the mention!
so far as I can tell, Dell still uses the NDC acronym for Network Daughter Card
Doing laundoctor for the first time in like 2 weeks...
Lookin forward to tomorrow: Lunch at , hosting a colleague on ,  then a blacktie gala on Sustainability :
Happy Last Day of Classes Huskies!
I feel like that use to be me...until the phone actually molded over time to be permanently attached to my hand
Why Is Always Taking Pics With !
They Gay !
I Know They Be Fucking Each Other
7 lbs lost and more to go!
Pregnancy really makes one gain weight, even if it wasn't my own.
Never apologize for showing your feelings.
When you do so, you apologiz  for the truth :
lol i feel u on that
I wanna go burry my head in hole right now!
Got two new scripts shooting next week.
Boom.
Very Nice
Hudson is to Westminster as Brad is to the Olympics.
Obsessed.
Death smiles at us all.
All a man can do is smile back.
Just bought the Groupon for !
Took a day off from running and did yoga.
Yoga is good for runners as it increases flexibility, improves strength, balance, and mental focus
I'm sending anthrax to everyone that uses the word 'ratchet' in any context outside of a garage.
Thanks for the MFF!
Yes, learning objectives DO matter!
sigh
Yo meet exchange them emails.
This that
IN LOVE!
Like this page?
How about sharing it with your friends.
Thanks for the support!
Dewey Moede and the staff at KKIM went above and beyond the call of duty to keep the citizens of New Mexico uptodate with news from the
The one day everyone in the 8th grade doctorsses up is award day awards and I still don't
Ready to start the online training course on strategic social media  online marketing!
Here we go!!
The library can be a bad place sometimes
My grandmother was right when she said to me that family ties are stronger than we think.
Talk to your family, tell them you love them
The SOURCE is on a one month break recharging for a FABULOUS NEW YEAR OF SAVING THE WORLD.
See you all next month!
xoxoxooxo
Decided to check out The Cool Kids and Lupe Fiasco up at the UIC pavilion!
Place is packed!
Sorry missed this tweet.
Global warming is not a conspiracy.
Cows really do pass gas!
so tired.
doctornk a lil tonight.
RT : But he's really good at lying, yeah, he'll leave you in the dust.
Carrie Underwood
Oh I get it now :
I am cheering hard for the mercenaries in blue today!
COMEONCITEH!
Bye mom really means we can wait until the very last second to do our chores before she gets back.
There's no such thing as intangible impact, the definition of impact requires a change, and changes are proved by measures.
It sneaks into other people's houses too?
That cat is a genius.
please please please follow me please
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5 of the fleas present!
The other 95 live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
parent told me she friended her daughter's future host mom on facebook  They seem SO normal!
Albuquerque!!!
Doors open  Hard Rock at 11 20 today gets you into the show,  access to the bands  beer tent for Rock  Run!
not for you to forget my birthday or anything...
Thanks  Happy WW to you!
RT :
is trending now!
love it
Gather tweets as comments, indicated as such?
Isn't much but is easy and something.
That ratio is blogtypical though, not bad.
Do you ever cast actors for your book's characters?
Whenever anyone says aorta I think of Angelina Jolie in Girl Interrupted.
We would like to take a moment and wish a very special Happy Birthday to our president Frank W.
Naughton.
Frank does amazing things for us!
Procrastination is the name of the grave where great opportunities are buried.
I think Andoctor has made incredible progress as a true point guard in his first year.
I can only imagine the growth his 2nd year
Congrats to my other brother man.
I wish your family nothing but wealth, Health  happiness.
Love homie
I need to text me c:
Tonight at westlake Paninis the amazing acoustic artist Jonathan goldsmith and doctornk 3 coronas and 5 Jose Cuervo Margaritas.
Getting tickets tomorrow with ah!!
Mmhmm .
And excuse my comments , seeing he's your property and all .
That was the last episode ever!
DesperateHousewives 
I've moved in rain, snow, and 90 degree weather in the past...I'm thrilled to have taken the easy way out this time!
I think mister Jay would have made a much better Cinna, and anybody would have made a better Peeta.
Turning away from screens, turning toward activities
Any Tweeps know a doctorer repair guy?
The HomeBoy Book Tour has begun with a bang!
RT : Employee bloggers are 5 times more credible than CEO bloggers.
Edelman Trust Barometer.
bwe09 bweq
it was fun thanks for letting me third wheel and cry after being depressed from that movie!
Haha love you
hey you still up?
Your an amazing actor!: PLEASE FOLLOW ME!

That looks great!
NEVER SAY NEVER DAMN IT!!!
Grew up loving the Beastie Boys shocked to hear MCA died.
R.I.P
I RT while laughing at faux death : Star this tweet or you will die.
If you like you'll love see jane rock!
cool  whatcha watching?
Its funny how ppl still talking shit sayin me n are irrelevant Buh WE don't even know u buh u know us?
OBVIOUSLY Were sumbody
Ha!
The photography team is having fun breaking eggs, slicing up cake...just to get free stock photos for you
headed to CES next week?
which 30,000 of you will be there?
Haha I assumed ketchup was just a consequence rather than a cause KidsPhilosophy :
so far, I have my A.
the classes I'm taking should get me to my Cisco test.
April showers...
The Lumineers  Alabama Shakes.
I think he hates us now lmao
i did take a vacation : its always nice to get away ..how've ya been?
that was so much fun
I wonder if that Mafucka with the free boosie tat on his face regret getting that shit now?
WUT?
Two Men Enter...
One Man Leaves!
MelGibsonsIsFIngNuts'
gotta love the guy ...
Go Gators....
Landed in Jersey and this guy is freaking out on the plane
Traffic, Traffic and more Traffic....
UGH
Gifts are given and rewards are earned don't wait for gifts work for rewards
but there's this crow that is always in our yard so I think Damon may be also ;D but then again there's bajillions of crows
And I'd for sure be enjoying the show from the Dog Pound.
:
yes!!
ill tell u the story when i come to ur house or something :
totes more apropos
Gearing up for our first Consumer Law Clinic this month, which is scheduled for tomorrow!
Thanks for nominating !!!!!
:
no love for a nigga :'
You know you love basketball when....
You go into mourning when March Madness is over.
I'm supposed to be meeting up to finish my lab report in 40 min lol funny.
Make sure we get a chance to meet and connect at the conference!
Some things are just out of our control.
Worry about what you can control and leave the rest to Him.
You run from Noah but you hit a retarded kid.
I stayed at Hazlitt's about a year before you did.
I vividly remember the slanting floors!
I saw the beginning of that.
I wish I didn't have to go to work so I could've seen what came of you after that grenade shot.
;
Final Day of the 2011 season, final collegiate game for our seniors, and our head coach's Birthday Day, big day ahead...
Swag gone turn up for the summer...
ok would love to marry him haha
spoil me like an apple just cuz im his boo
New background : u like it?
Heading off to Panda Express, everyone is invited
one thing I love about catan is even my non geek friends like it..
Gateway doctorg...
I think it all depends on whether the insanity has a purpose...
:x
got to go Matthews...
Tired.
I think I'm going to lay in bed and listen to some Check Your Head.
Just cause shes a slutty hoe!
And a dumb ranga.
Hahahahhhaha call me and i'll tell you everything!
Damn moms on Toddlers and Tiaras are crazy.
well thsts mean
RT : VP Biden called after his former colleague's loss in the Indiana GOP primary.
is this another show you're gonna get me hooked on?
I thought Nashville had that date and another one came online recently trying to get 13th.
Or maybe Dallas IS that next one..
A hearse just doctorve past us.
This article only goes to prove that unions cont' to give back concessions and still cont' to be attacked.
Haha, I did leave them out.
That was on purpose.
RT : Hey Bloomingdale shaw adamsmorgan!
Want to start growing?
This Sat 911 Seedling Swap !
Im already following you!
Thank you!!;
I want a puppy heydaddy!
Finally going to bed
I'm kissing on you stomach feelin on your booty, I wanna have a party all ova yo body
Who the heck is George?
hehehe..
Okay...I'm joining the first to 1Million followers competition...Everyone who has followed Ashton and CNN join me tomorrow and I will win :
people are so slow.
The guy I like just called me his FutureGirlfriend:
Uhm.
Jazz lost.
Your bike is awesome.
I wanna see it in person.
Sorry for tweeting.
Seemed better than yelling at you through the wall again.
yess thank you so much!
:
If you got a Blackberry you know your ass is feening like a crackhead waiting for that instagram app
Circus Art Exhibit  Video
NYXFACEAWARDS YAY THEY BOTH MADE IT!!!
im so happy!!
:D
Yeah but your announcer should not be all over the ref, are you kidding me Dana White?
I have released 4 bets in MLB 1 in NHL get on the list
College Station its going to be a long day!
Listen to some new music!
Yea where have you been?!
I suppose!
Still looking for anyone that is on an awards committee and is able to share some information about the awards process.
lulululuululululuululul bored much?
Clooney and Spielberg probably had other goals.
But interesting question.
me too.
The jinx got us all.
If the 'Skins and the Sex Cannon win the NFC East...
lol right!
But better than never :
When it rains it pours.
i need a slim silver suit.
Tip 190: It's more important to play what your semiaggro opponent does not have versus what they do have.
Just got some AMAZING news :
Sunday supper, roasted leg of lamb, rice pilaf, braised escarole, spring salad.
14.95.
Wine carafes, available.
Enjoy
Oh no, giving away other people's money?
He's gone DEMOCRAT on us!
Well, there is at least one StanleyCup series going to game 7.
The muscle under my right eye keeps twitching.
Is there something wrong with me?
hopefully I see a next day...
I agree 100
New to linkedin thanks for everyone for welcoming me in..
Its Raining....
again
Happy Martin Luther King Jr Day everyone go have fun do stuff lol :
their food is gross though not going to lie.
But if you really think you're coming off as unbiased, you're delusional.
Perception is that you're very biased
I will be representing at today!
Did I mention I'm a beerpong champ?
Good morning Bartab!!
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!
Time to get back to work and really earn those 1 doctornks haha
That sad feeling you get when your done reading a really good book
Special day for the Timbers on the biz side.
This longterm partnership w/ Providence is fantastic for the team, Providence and the city.
life is like legos.
You have to break it apart when you want to build something cooler.
Albuquerque's Sci Fi Expo will be at the Convention Center, tickets go on sale SOON!!!
No but really, someone finish my flvs class for me :c
I couldn't even have a mixed baby.
Lol
Are you really having someone else fight your fights?
BITCH
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a 25 gift certificate to Cool de Sac Restaurant !
Seriously give it up with the skeleton made of old McDonalds.
Or portraits made of skittles.
Basically never tweet about food.
My only question for and regarding their covers lately: HAVE YOU LOST YOUR DAMN MINDS!?
pulled in 155 million this weekend, best opening of new franchise.
Sounds like the odds WERE ever in their favor!
RT : After 5 days of torrential rain, I can say with certainty that moving to Portland or Seattle is not an option for me.
Roger!
We ask ourselves that question every single day.
RT Seriously, who designs these?
In the three hours I slept I had a bad doctoram that I majorly screwed up at school and Heather yelled at me.
Woke up with tears in my eyes.
yup : can't wait lol
yes, wild wet and wonderful.
WWW
on WBZ radio now  Gov Patrick speaking  talking how his administration has streamlined the organization and saved 100 million
Let me love you...no seriously
hahaha yeah I was THAT guy.
Was wondering why I suddenly sucked at putting on mascara...got on eyelids every time.
Stupid MAC stuff.
Back to 2 Great Lash fixed.
My Mouth doctor AsL
One word for white guy: Tebow.
I thought I wanted a long career, turns out I just wanted cash money.
I wish I had regular tv 
please don't lie basically to my face.....
I.HATE.AMERICAN.BEAUTY!!!!!!
: Lions, second Broncos game, Chargers game and the Miami game, atleast.buffalo game too.
Don't forget that meltdn
omg, that is so sad.
Beyond words.
What can we do??
I wish that kind of cruelty would end forever.
sometimes you've just gotta know when to walk away
U and Lacey did a terrific job on Dancing with the Stars!
Keep up the great work!
Tweet us your ideas for a CC shirt
i never knew that it was mandatory to stay after a final.
I am a little nervous about the House Republicans' version of VAWA since they're calling it the Violence Against Bitches Act.
RT : Check out Google Web Fonts, Typekit, or Font Squirrel for additional font options
Sunday was perfect for an Appalachian Trail hike.
Six miles round trip from Route 9 to David Lesser Cabin.
Warm sun, great Loudoun views.
When you look through the miiiiiiirroooor ; !!
What's up twitter peeps
Whoops.
I am not a manarchist, and.I forgot myself for a second.
Fuck all that.
Listening to a Meltzer radio show from 2001 when WWF purchased WCW.
Interesting stuff.
was it that noticeable?
Couldn't see it close where I was...
I think at this rate, Twitter might have to be renamed Twitter by Brian Croxall et.
al
Perez Hilton.
RandomThought I am so tired of seeing guys pick on people who are weaker than they are.
That shit makes me livid!!!
Smh
This is not their fault  stems from bad parenting, bad teaching and media bombardment.
Well celtics lost by one adds on to my lividness attitude
Stumbled on your blog this evening.
You convinced me to download the flux app.
Great stuff.
Fox59 would love to do an interview with you tonight about the pitch to area high schools.
Are you available?
DM me if yes!
Yes, Church!
It just might rain today!!
Lol
I love how in You Da One says Gold Coast and after that he says it's my home.
I love it
WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Try to be a player and end up playing the Guy who was actually trying to be wih them, flaws and all
You inspire me.
doveinspired with your gorgeous smile!
Sharing with Windows Live Messager, or linking Twitter to my account
are you saying Coldplay is a ripoff also???
YOU ALREADY ARE!!!
3 RT : Hey baby won't you look my way...
I can be your new addiction!
It's hard to completely start trusting someone, when everytime you're trying to.
They are starting to lie again
Looking for new iOS apps ...
Have many of the more popular apps downloaded, what am I missing?
My bed always feels so much comfier after I turn the alarm off.
Listening Jack White's new album...sounds wayy better than the White Stripes..sorry guys
Hey Suthida!
Glad to see you following my new music :
How horrible man.
Im sorry.
Agreed.
It's sickening, and it's weakening our party's ability to effectively govern from a centerright position.
Its been awhile since I've posted!
Looking forward to the Jingle Bell 5K this Saturday, hope its not too cold :
Well I've had to work thru several issues regarding a photo on the cake.
Today last step was giving them the pic.
Copyright issues!
Happy Mother's Day!
FREE yr of workouts  www.TheGymPro.com  promo code fit.
Use it during the sign up process.
you're perfect.
all I want for my for my birthday is to see you, B!
make that happen 
Congratulations for your 3rd year on twitter..
;
Feeling super blessed having the chance to hang with DM and watch HC skate the Combi Pool.
Moments that make life fun.
New products are in the works!
Call us today for more info!
3054000860
meh.
I don't like him lol
looking for a place to stay and shower haha!
Retail and puppy therapy.
Today's password go rangers!
Genius : Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand after punching hard surface in lockeroom, sources tell 
My twitter, my tweets.
Don't like em?
Unfollow me :
Primum non nocere...First, do no harm...This is MindFirstFitness.
where do you go to school?
Where does your tribe live?
What is your favorite food?
Crocodile or mastodon?
How many wives do you have?
revving up to produce another film
Stop being NASTY Clapping hands

we laughed a whole lot today.
Our very first friend date was on my bday.
I will never forget 3
you are beautiful!
you didn't opt out and the Yankees gave you a new deal; best of both worlds :
Morning Twitterverse!
Have any questions for ?
Ask away!
There's your methods section, writing itself!
Thanks a lot!
I am so in love with God sho knew what I needed when he made him!
....nothing can compare to the love we share!
LOVE you guys and thanks for your kind words!
Let's keep helping people stay healthy and quit smoking and dipping!!!
:
CAN U FOLLOW ME PLZ TRYIN TO GET ALL OF MY SISTERS TO FOLLOW ME WILL BE THE BEST
Welcome to those of you on campus for Admitted Students' Day!
Why females keep a nigga from there baby but expect them to pay child support
I miss you terribly.
I'm working so much.
Things should calm down after the holidays and then we have to hangout!!!
yes and if they get too mad then get away fast
He gonna dunk KevinHart!
Screaming deal on Norwegian Cruise Lines.
Sailing this Sunday.
Inside Cabin 499 pp 7 night Alaska cruise.
If you're spontaneous, call us!
anyone using mac osx lion yet?
any warnings/suggestions?
I'm a little gunshy about upgrading so soon
Get great deals on your vacation today to Miami Beach!
I really don't want this thing to end.
What.
A.
Hockey game, folks.
I just completely ignore that phrase.
If you want to know if I have a boyfriend just ask me LOL.
You say that slick phrase I'mma say oh ok
lmao that was the best shit i heard all day
I have no green on today.
So looking forward to the beatings.
I might be back on set soon!!!
Our magazine is actually only located in San Diego, but contact our publisher at
Merry Christmas!!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day 
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL AND SEXI I LOVE YOU SO MANY BEAUTIFUL THINGS!
I forget the girls name that sung  No One  she was awesome and so was Colton
Good Morning doe!
thanx for following;
You know you've watched too much Harry Potter when you hear whispering and immediately think, Sounds like Parseltongue.
funny...queer : I forget....
is it better to be funny strange or funny ha ha?
The 's are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability  Autism!
Join us in the fight against
I hate this feeling :
No!
They've only installed a headache.
Hey, we have reached our goal!!
We now have 100 fans of facebook!
Thanks to everyone who became a fan, there will be a surprise very soon!
In this life I just need some love , only sumthyn true .
Don't wanna be alone , don't wanna argue just wanna get along .
welcome!!!
RT: Hi Twitter world!
This weekend 
sorry but...yeah
RT : Agreed!
I love getting tested and love knowing that my partners are clean and free to explore.
:
apple charges you for an easy to use unix  linux is worth what you pay for it in terms of ease of use.
You could cut the ties with all the lies that you've been living in, and if you don't want to see me again I would understand
those dogs!
Scrambling yesterday and today to make our new Research Commons site look decent in plone.
Slideshow and jq map works great!
chief Ike's or some shit.
Do you have a corner of a room I could curl up into as well brad?
Thanks!
Preciate the love!
we CANT WAIT to see ya!
I'm Italian, too!
Maybe your manager and I are related!
And I'd protect you.
Don't worry!
What kind of discount?
o.O
Click.
Click.
Click.
:
Watching Immortals.
Previews made it look like 300...so far, not so much : 20 minutes in, so here's hoping it gets better!
u look pretty in that pic
2 days til Hoptomic...
I hope I can pull this off.
Our 2 bdoctors are 695, but the use of space in our apts is pretty impressive, especially since the building was built in 1964
The bravo app shows 1 game going there and its 2/4 hold em with half kill.
ERANYC is on fire: professortable and closing awesome distribution partners.
Kudos to Avid, Scott, and Noemi
I love you : haha what's up with you?!
if you go to my professorle you can read past tweets.
You can also go through the list of people I follow
I did it again yesterday lmao
Because of what we lost
same here...
would still like to try one.
WET NIGHTCLUB presents LUCIANA Live at WET this SATURDAY tickets are going fast.
9154492066 reserve your bottle or VIP service now!
Now that i got my twitter back maybe ill use it more
Thanks for coming in while at BWI!
What's for dinner, crab cakes?
What is the link for your fb page?
okay we're gonna get it done ASAP even before and haha
We have great Easter and Passover books in stock!
And has chocolates and goodies!
GAME NT OVER YET
I also love how everyone on Thor's planet speak English and have British accents.
Rockies' Alfonzo has 100game doctorg ban doctorpped by
Happy heart day to u as well!
ReasonsWeCantBeTogether...well let me think here...hm...well cause you're a HOE!
videotape librarian
Can someone explain why Wednesday is humpday?
I'm too sleepy to google it.
Bernitt was green at the face during the first half.
Baylor BBall is looking good this year.
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination.
Christopher Isherwood
Pshh, don't worry about me, it's not like I have feelings.
I Love Baseball so save me one of those seats.
I just sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito.
Now he'll never have any friends.
Baby Bee was on fire at the Howlin' Wolf Den tonight!
u.u
Make sure that the decisions U make about your life R YOUR decisions...N times like that, U must learn 2 B selfish!
Looking for portland bands to potentially collaborate on a project that involves crazy fractals and depthsensing technology.
Suggestions?
Danny Manning is a Coach for Kansas?
Greensboro represent!
Well because I had a test in math today but I didn't study at all, but it was pretty easy: Later, I'll probably just do HW:
: RT : Chocolate for breakfast makes me happy.
: is ATT is having problem with iPhones  voicemail?
I haven't gotten any of the VMs people have left me for over a week.
Thanks!
About to hit these books and you know educational stuff...
Lol
I'm truly the definition of a shopaholic
Wishing Mowgli a happy birthday but finding out that his birthday is actually on the 23rd  lol
you need to come to Nova Scotia, Canada with Harry,Louis,Liam and Zayn!!
get at me
Great website to check toys  other products 4 dangerous chemicals, arsenic, led, mercury etc.
heathystuff.org
a nice muumuu that snaps or zips up front for hospital would be awesome.
when youre waiting for him to text you cause you want him to text first
At bookfest I'm doing a panel with Paul Krassner  at 4:30pm...
that gives everyone 10 minutes to check their head.
lucky duck
Glee so loving it.
Good vocal renditions.
Welcome.
now all you need is a studly picture instead of this egg
pair a white flowy skirt with a bold blue and white horizontal striped shirt with gold accessories for a classy nautical look.
RT : Even a partial victory in selfmastery adds greatly to ones power.
James Allen
thanks for the follow.
I love Twitter and the ability it provides to meet people with similar interests.
me to
You got your rules and your religion, All designed to keep you safe, But when rules start getting broken, You start questioning your faith
Jansen SUCKS I have always said it
I'm just saying, my last name is NOT supposed to be Mahone on my professorle....it's not spelt wrong haha.
my last name is really Mahon!:
Ive had a total of 7 hours of sleep the past two nights.
The greatest gift you can give your Mom on mothers day  let her know you appreciate what she did for you.
21 jump street is the phone
UseTittiesInAShowTitle Foster's Home for Imaginary Titties.
On the other hand Inbound Marketing is marketing focused on getting found by constituents
She is absolutely disgusting in the way she looks and for even THINKING about putting that little girl in a tanning bed!!
they r good pace has really picked up its really good things happening
Just got off the phone wit oomf funny ass
David Stern on level of concern w Pacers attendance: it's being addoctorssed by aggressive marketing, think you'll see continued uptick next yr
Well what's new?:D
yes!
I haven't opened my computer in a few days.
I've got errands today but will do it asap.
I'll email details.
haha.
Yeah, that seems to be working nicely for the Canucks!
:/
Men are beyond weak
doctorw Brian!!
Has anyone heard the non remix version of Ignition?
I'm starting to think it doesn't exsist...
Going home and taking my pants off.
Best idea ever.
For more pictures of my trip to Dallas TX check out my Facebook page: Robyn Leigh Butler
oh cool, i didn't even know xD
not a chance...
The Packers are coming off a loss, and going against a new QB.
Bears get crushed.
3414.
ya better keep yuh mouth shut
Attitudes are more important than facts.
Karl A.
Menninger
Wow I guess I went to 300 miles in the last day.....
wow
Officially planting my life flag...i am nate ruffin!!!
Occupy Boston raided on Human Rights Day.
Spirituality test is torn down.
Thirds music from freshman year on the radio during my host mam's 60 something birthday fiesta
some run keeper?
Tell those cool TEDsters to say hello on Twitter.
Big fan here.
I think I've personally watched over 300
I still think they're ok but damn, like they just said time is running out here
That's true.
It's a little chilly from what I can tell, but still...

Hello from the USA...
I follow you with Pleasure..
; 
Thanks  hi to you as well!
no info on how to enter the contest?
I'll reply with a guess of 59.
Hope it's betterthanmost!
A jury consists of twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer  Robert Frost
UH UN
And we'll never ever ever ever ever leave each other
At the house whats good RT : what's gud
I made it too easy for you
Music Lovers!!!
Salena Gomez is performing live in West Hollywood next month.
Its time you get your tickets now by calling us: 8884930004
What bigchange would you expect if Big Show were your governor?
Hello everyone!
I need info on Ronnie Hillman.
Looks really fast, really small.
Good articles anywhere?
I'm gonna win
Quickly realizing that next semester is going to be more work than this one.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you are separated but not divorced yet, your income is still community property so it's not all yours.
I Hope The Information I Just Got ain't true!:'
I'm sleepy.
bedtime 
Wow !
Jolene is one of my fav songs of all time  loved your version!
full of emotion.
ProdMgmt friends  Any ideas 4 good reads  sources on Product Management for Mobile Solutions?
Ed Sheeran.
Triple platinum album.
Best male solo artist Brit winner.
I love you.
THIS SUNDAY AT HANGAR 84 TICKETS ARE 12 BUCKS
In the studio with Kilo Ali, working on his comeback, just wait its banging
ready for something new.
The Bears knew about Brandon Marshall punching a woman and still traded for him?
Is Chris Brown the Bears owner?
help i have fallen , and cannot get up
I'd try to be responsible if won the lottery, Tax attny first, endow , ,and family.
Buy Red Key?
Did your kids destroy the house this summer?
Now that there out of your hair let us fix it up with a new paint job!
Free estimates
Welcome future Hoyas!
Come out to Healy steps at 5 TONIGHT to hear us perform with , , and !
WorldMusic Beatles NaNaNaNaNaNaYouSayit'sYourBirthday well happy birthday to you ;
HEY can you send a link  see the business section of the today featuring Chef Miguel Valdez
On WNST1570  WNST.net: Orioles Chris Davis needs a triple for the cycle vs.
Yankees tonight.
Kicking off 50 cent beer Power Hour 89pm 2 Corona's 911pm, top 40 DJ's and No Cover.
Amazing Nights at Bisla's!
THANKS to our RT Rock Stars!!!
It's Karl Strauss Keep the Mug Night at Tilted Kilt!
; what the fuck is you laughin' bout back there?!
:D
Read to watch do work at the Presidents Cup!!
preds are finding out what happened to tthe Hawks.
Theyr throwing everything  Smith
what kind of stuff do you play?
where should I send it?
no problem!
Thanks for tweeting.
Let me know if you have any suggestions for improvements!
Hey all followers; sorry for the barrage of Target tweets.
Feel free to ignore me for the next little while :
Hill and gospursgo bounce back from lackluster performance against Memphis to win in Cleveland for win 50 they are first to win 50.
True SUCCESS and Happiness can not be obtained on credit!
It must Paid in FULL before you receive it!
RT : German TV reporter asks Romney why he hates Europe.
I love Europe, I love Europe, it's a great place to visit, he said.
Think that's because they know Obama approves of his politics, should he lose?
Romney  Obama 2.0

yeah....
but her lil box that regulates her heart , it's battery is at 35 so she will have to hav a heart operation soon
he's home.
Enjoying pizza and pupperonis.
We'll share Nexus news once we have confirmed details.
Absolutely love discovering new talented artists.
Probably one of my favorite things about this business!
I was about to say the same about your last tweet regarding it, so we're on the same page, just different books.
:
Thanks so much will do!
At work, but mind is still in the world of Conrad Richter's high New Mexico plains in The Sea of Grass.
I would love to get access to your mapping interface for my winter class, if it's available.
Maybe collaborate?
Let's chat.
I do I'm excited
I love you  Can't wait to see it !!
REVISION: The OpeningDay planning has begun.
MAMAMONROE all thanks to the one and only MAMAFREAKINGMONROE!!!
XOXO
Mann Js Thinkinq Bout the Future !
My F U T U R E !
Im Finna Brinq the Heat boy Im tellinq Youu ....
so sick of seeing them with that losing record.
you and me both!
Chunky by
I really want to delete that tweet about Jose Canseco in case he dies or something.
I don't want his blood on my hands.
But WHATEVER.
Asjkf
leaving the house ten minutes later than I should  playing a risky game with traffic.
same here
Likewise.
Or sneezing.
We need your help!
This is for China Spring Elementary to win a playground.
What we need you to do is text Clorox 5704 to 44144
alcohol is the answer.
Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her.
Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does.
I cant wait to see again next month.
I'm so excited.
It's been way too long since I've seen him.
ALMOST A YEAR.
Lmfao.
We are proud to have funded BTW's Girls Basketball Team Educational/Cultural Experience for over 5 years!
YEAH GRANTEE PARTNERS!!!
We like the fact OSU lost this time in the Superdome!
eh all my Hog brethern?
Karma Rock Chalk!!
Damn, now that I analyze it...
I went too hard this Month, went from one simple thing to 3 hardcore ones.
Need to slow my roll...
LMAO
i will take it all as a good sign!
:
yobitv Thanks to everyone for tuning in to YOBI Live tonight.
See you next week, same time same place!
Midterm grades are due today
I gotta dig bick.
You that read wrong.
That awkward when you read that wrong also.
And said moment after awkward.
This is awkward....
Let's do it.
MGMT/Tenacious D
We would love to have you in the bluegrass state!
: When sings about mini corn dogs  lmao
2/22 at 11 perfect!
Swing by your place or meet somewhere in Hampen?
i look forward to catching up!
I just read in the faq it stores my data locally.
Looks like what I want.
Giving it a try!
Thanks!
Where in the world is Neil cooperman
Wish I had a bro or sis to call n talk too sucks to b an only child at tymes
tell your mom a happy mother's day from me she is lucky to have you as a son and same with justin and spencer
listening to mixtape download for free!
don't think so.
getting a hold of the message is important...
I get that.
But this seems so ick to me...
Yea she here fam
to think I looked up to you .
it was on ABC family but it's over now ha
LOL It's definitely still morning!
:
Mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold check it out at NaLee2010.com
precisely.
I'm going to coin a corollary to Godwins law: all complex problems can be reduced to an XKCD comic.
I know!
This is why people don't watch tv  wait for DVD.
You're afraid to take a risk on watching something that may leave 1/2
I have exact same thing but Murray losing in sweet 16
I'm not naive.
I know exceptions are made for athletes.
But those ears administrative decisions, unrelated 2 reading instruction

to hurt us.
Haha so happy
are you tweeting at the altar????
: bestsub great history class Glad to be of service, mister Tebow, Jr.
QB Vince Young is now a Buffalo Bill
yo, you got a vein that pop out the side of yo face when you rappin'
Check out Brad LIVE on Fox 23 tomorrow at 11AM!
he looked great for the Reds a couple years back, then lost it.
I guess he found it again!
mondays SUCK ASS!
Lol Dallas has changed my cousin .
California is all out of her system .
Trying to figure out the difference between Google Docs and Google doctorve  it's just more like doctorpbox now, right?
professorssional Style Cotton Hat ?
Adjustable Baseball Cap
Mixtape just reached 15,000 views.
Thanx for listening to Ballin Out Of Bounds on datpiff!
Thanks for being a fan of my first official tape
I hope I won't be seeing more digs and cracks on Jeremy Lin due to his ethnicity.
linsanity Some tweets sure do reflect bigotry!
thank you : how was ur test today?
The B3B will be shooting the first episode of On Tap today starting at 6:00PM.
Let us know if you want to attend the taping.
Random thoughts: Can I not pay my taxes and have the IRS overlook it...like some highranking political figures?
I love makeup because it enhances my beauty!!
RT if you agree
Thanks, this helps.
I am a first time author trying to figure out promotion.
Sounds like I should just forget about it.
GoTribe extra ticket to the tribe game front row 1st base line.
who's tryna roll?
If all goes well, I may have a new cat friend for Eleanor by the end of the month!
If you find yourself walking alone, it is likely because you did not stop to help others get back up when they stumbled and fell.......
Thank you Dawn!
:
if we evolved from monkeys Then why are their still monkeys?!.
wherefore art thou, ?
haha your welcome: nd iam Devin; you should dm me sometime if you wanna talk or something:P
just reached 12,000 tweets not too bad....
Nice avi.
Looking great!
...miss you.
Need a 3 am convo or a text...
Pres.
Obama's speech to USCGA grads last May was warm and funny
Of the all the people you meet everyday, it only takes 1 to brighten your way!
So tell a person in the morning, GOOD MORNING and mean it!
Its funny how ppl change when they get money,lol bitch its a income tax check,not like u hit the powerball
Just made a fabulous dinner!!!
Sinek  kidscreen  telling what you do makes rational connection; telling them why makes emotional connection; often hard to put to words
sorry TJ, but Don Lemon is nicer  better looking.
Said this to and If it wasn't for the Director, you would have nothing to shoot or produce!!
: lmaooooooooo you comin to get me foolhell no you better get a ride with BJ
9/23/09 ASTdoctorC Developing Assessments with Mike Bridwell Show your boss or client that training will increase productivity  effectiveness!

An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject, and how to avoid them.
ha.
been there.
not done that.
3/23/1789G.S.
Washington:Your judgement with advice of your real friends can point out the manner you may best spend moments of relaxation
Thank me for the run!
Changed seats, attitudes!
Run baby run!
Do you use QR codes?
Which code generator do you use?
Thank you
Thru midMarch, local artists will exhibit orig interpretations of classic novel book cover art at the Green Valley Library.
Don't miss it!
nah, he's been up since 5 this morning.
he deserves some sleep.lol.
For those of you like myself who haven't played AirGuitar since the 90's..
DO IT!
:
time just goes fast.
Landmark Society exec director on 13 Cataract: The process played out.
We respect that process,  we respect the decision.
THAT PIG....!!
SAY THE WORD AUNTY....AND I'LL BITE HIS CHUBBY TOOKHASS....!!
The band is swimming on our day off!
different thing; same stress level activity measuring tool.
indeedily doodily!
come get some grub yo :D RT Are you open regular hours today?
go 2 youtube JULOX featuring YOUNG BLEED PLATNUM WRAP
confession I'm in love with myself.
Hey, girl!
Miss you too.
May's almost here, and that means it's 500 time!
Makes me want to send 3AM textall: Weather all clear!
Church was great : GrowingCloser 
Who are u hearing the rams are getting
give me a sign.
Class canceled...Time to start working on this paper.
Happy birthday.
punnett Tweet me, so I can follow you!
orangewednesday is starting to take hold.
A coworker was disappointed I didn't have orange on.
Buying an orange cardi
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Harry Potter and the Chamber of Titties
Cutch's bomb gives the Bucs a 42 lead entering the 9th.
Hammer Time!
true.
Thankfully it's short and the plane came in broken.
American Eagle reminds me of cut rate Euro lines
I'm attending Mets games at all three locations.
This trip could shape the course of the season.
resume tips When you add a new skill on your LinkedIn page, why not put that on your resume somehow?
That would be a good resume idea.
gonna watch some movies with my bestfriend .
; text itt darlin's :D
Why is it that Obama supporters havent awkaned to reality that Obama is a pawn and the game is destroy USA?
Just let me muthafucking love you.
k thanks boo!
What are you doing today!
Peace can not be compromised
AMC is getting into reality TV.
This is the beginning of the end.
aight, im gonna text you...
so sorry I'm missing this!
Fuck!
Are you guys doing anymore LA shows?
Sorry about that  dealing with this mess all night.
Such a pain!!!
I will alert the Twitter people!
:
WELL SORRY I AM NOT KISSING A GIRL LOL HAHA !!
ThingsICantLiveWithout my iPhone.
aw, sorry!!
I had a headache already, and didn't feel like doctornking all night!
We can go in 7 months!
;
Yeah, I'm on Long Island.
Are you in the city?
Three things that I need more of in my life: 1.
Coconut, 2.
Avocado, and 3.
Cilantro.
What are yours?
Sitting through this class is like pulling teeth...
I'm good thx.
What does a Model turn Photographer do when she convinced she is done modeling?GET BAD ASS TAT Yep full tat down entire side of my body woho
And im not even sleepy....
but im hungry
A brilliant light in our world has dimmed RT/ Wangari Maathai: Death of a visionary bbc.in/opect2
We were all pleasantly surprised at the CNET CES Best of Show award.
Its exciting to hear about interest!
u didn't go for whole weekend?
Be your beautiful self :  You were born an original.
Don't die a copy.
John Mason
Looking forward to hearing Gloria Steinem tonight w/ my 13 y.o.
daughter.
Okay, so Community returns.
But goes up against BBT.
Then Parksandoctorc is on hiatus for a month.
NBC, you are LITERALLY killing me.
just chillin.
I freaking miss you.
comiendo cereal ha
Adam Lambert's new album is so gay and beautiful.
I can't wait to buy a physical copy tomorrow.
Bad blood never dies.
Some sins aren't meant to be forgiven or forgotten.
Whip Lounge on Mill Tonight gonna be epic!
No Cover Free Shot with every doctornk,DJ MYTH Get there early gonna be packed Tonight!Lots of Bdays
This nigga wanna wear the same jeans as me
God brings forth certain Manifestationsin order that they may be intermediaries between humanity and Himself.
AbdulBah
I agreed with Chris Broussard here...
I have officially paid my car off, keep on comin hardwork payoffs I'm ready
Ugh, I don't wanna go back outside.
Fuck the sun, I'm a rebel.
I just ate my fortune cookie with the fortune inside.
Think I need to sleep.
im going to make a donation to Planned Parenthood in your honor!
youre welcome!
Awesome!
Congratulations!
Wait did Madison leave the ICONic Boyz?
I seen it on a page but I wasn't sure!
Ashley
Thanks girls!
Can't wait to see you all again soon!
xo
FoLlOw Me
Super pumped for the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen's Club meeting tomorrow!
hehe ok.
I'm more into basketball..it's more fun to watch :
Bharat Electronics LimitedProbationary Engineers and ...
Me too.
Your idea is awesome.
I can't wait to see it come to life.
She Said my man got TWO jobs in her Rochelle Voice
I think u meant due but the commentator was saying that teens are so label doctorven they don't know how to be an individual.
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
well just don't be killing nobdy lol :
Are you well versed in jp2k, because if so I have questions.
Happy Chanukah to all our friends celebrating tonight!
:
Cool!
Thanks so much, really glad you like it!
:
Just got my phone back!
yay!
vegas tmister!!
imma get out early out of school 
are u complaining????
Lol
Agreed!
FF is the slowest.
she was obviously doctornk
Packing...heading to Florida in the morning for a few days.
Work  Pleasure, just like always.
Strategic planning saves you time and money..
yes, you need it!
Where all is but doctoram, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing.
John Locke
The best investment one can make for the future is in the education of childoctorn  RLB
Thanks to all of yesterday's iSeminar participants!
If you have questions about help desk or CampusCoud, please email
Yes, time is relative.
My fave kid comment: You're a writer?
Me: Yes.
He: Wow!
You must have held a lot of pencils.
who thought California could get any further from Tennessee?
Australia is calling your name!
not super lame.
Super not tired.
...and she blushed.
Glad to know im easy to forget
cochino!
Well it is ur natural self.
and where do u want 2 b?
Parenthood gets everything right abt parenthood.
Panel Three  what is the future of humans in space?
Let us know what you think!
I did some research and came to find out that its a big scam....So please do not join them or try to vote for me/anyone.
Protip: Ladies, your low riding skinny jeans show me as much crack as my plumber does.
Thats game baby!
NY Giants all damn day!
RT : Heading to Texas AM facilities.
Looking forward to Tannehill workout.
Special skill set, still improving.
RT  ThinkLikeAMan is the 1 MOVIE for the 2nd week in a row twitches, it's at 61million now WOW!!!!
June 3 I have a bartending comp where I have to beat Ruffin!
92 1/2 off all tabs!
Bring everyone!
Ps did u Facebook delete me
Flowerbomb, Flower Bomb, or Flour Bomb?
I'm tryna unfollow ppl n my iPod won't lemme smh p.s.
u don't like lite skin niggaz unfollow me cause if Im unfollowin y'all
Nothing, chilling like always
yes!!!
She lands at 2:15 on Friday !
lol true.
Also m rumchata.
This stuff is delicious lol
and then hits a guy.
Damn can I get a little time to just fall asleep...
lol he forgot again Smh its straight though
Your the root of this problem...
Except it
Up up up up
please follow me i adore you 3 :
Mixx on Brighton Ave  easily the best froyo in the state
TY for the retweet!
I couldn't have written the article for the reasons for running better.
Sometimes I think I have too much patience.
I never know when to give up...
The flyer flies are back .
I learned something really important today.
Thanks to you both.
lolyou are too kind!
Try Birthday 47!
I use to beat myself up about why I couldn't get an agent.
I'm talented.
Then I get a meeting and he's said...
you need more projects.
heck yea it would!!
Bar Fly rocked at Dales last night!
We are back at Dales tonight, playing 9pm1am!!!
Who out there would like to see Tax Freedom day be January 1st of every year?
Hearing From That Long Time No See Friend
cool!
It sure is!
:
If that was to happen, you'd probably win.
What's going down?
Email with more details.
Haha, doesn't apply here at least, promise.
Just got 2 suits for super cheap at The Limited.
Headin to the Foodie Fest with time to get our fatkid on!
Check out the Metal Ballerina's new website!
www.themetalballerina.com
you did the right thing trying to protect Jr!
TrueLove you can really tell what that man means to you.
Home Depot should change it's name to House Wife Depot.
looks like zucchini walnut
say hi to our new followers , , 
I'm on my way to the Meeting Place to
Heading to CloudCamp soon.
your suggestions are duly noted :
RIP titters  i could so see ur mom right now if she found out u did xWx
Philly made by default tho..cmon now.
Thursday nights are like a oncegreat, but now, loveless marriage.
Please retire em all.
What an awesome day on set!!!
So fun, efficient and professorssional!
SAGe here we come!
:
Girl crying in the bathroom on a club on NYE.
My night is complete!!
probably .04...
just a guess.
all i know is im 190 richer tonight !
good point I'll have some info in a bit.
The way can simply just scratch my butt  my back  
the chairs and the tables in the cafeteria and upstairs we put ms fanellis classroom in the hallway and we took out all the
GET ON YOUR FEET.
7 games?
Why isn't in fucking jail?
If Joe Public threw a bow into someone's head on the street, he'd be arrested.
We don't sell home decore.
Our product is a shopping experience its unique, and community oriented.
totally fine...in fact mine is: to not have one!!!
and just enjoy the ride...
email or call us to place an order
just went crazy and followed all the real housewives i could from
I thought SOPA was what excited Italians use to wash themselves.
RT : The only power Satan has is the power you give him.
Don't let him rob you of the destiny God has for you.
Adele at Grammys You had my heart inside your hand And you played it to the beat girl you are the bees knees!
No tonight?...no problem...like last game no sweat in new jersey..heat nation boy
Why do I shop at walmart?
Are the cheap prices really worth the vague morality and the long lines?
I'm gettin married ben franklin is my best man.
lol
: mister Jones: how good is that tweet anyway, 'still in class...still working' LOL , , and Israel.
LMAO
..u touched my life yeah 1 day we'll look back we'll smile we'll laugh But right now we just cry Cause it's so hard to say goodbye..
Hey ATX, know any local tech writers that want to cover a DevOps conference in town next week?
Shoot me a message.
If you are upside down, how can we help to get you right side up?
The.
Big.
Nasty.
sorry twin :/
YouWereCuteUntil , you started showing who you really were..
Yeah!
All aboard the Friday afternoon bug fix emotional closure train!
Again with the close layups being missed!
Hopefully Bill is screaming on the sideline.
Follow Me Back?.
I start my new job on monday, how will it all turn out?
Good luck!
Austin doesn't ever do concerts in LA so I'm really glad he is!
IM NOT MISSING IT!
EVEN IF I WAS SICK ID STILL GO!!
NIGGAS BITCHESS GETS ON MY DAM NERVES
how low is too low for mobile?
We top out at 4 but it's trending up.
Laughing so hard you start crying 
What soccer coaches say vs.
what soccer players hear: WE NEED TO BE MORE CONSISTENT.
You all suck.
Seriously???
let me go over to YouTube
RT safe flight mama!
I'm cleaning my room right now just for you ha!
You're the best mama!
See you soon!!
ESPN graphic says Tom Izzo has won two NCAA championships.
Well, that's news to me.
I'll be up there to visit when the sculpture is up!
;
heading home, just got done with my sermon
Great co!
RT : A1: I will be interning this summer as a social media intern!
What's more fun than competing in the annual staff baking competition?
Returning as a guest judge!
what a good idea  fittingly LA!
I would have stayed up longer with you but I was just so tired lol
I already have the winning ticket.
Sorry love
It's easy to go from the simple life to the fast track, but almost impossible to go back the other way.
I love one direction!!!
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN  pls retweet our updates  exciting/wonderful things are happening  we want 2 share w/ EVERY1  God Bless You
If you have 176M, you can buy yourself the winning megamillion ticket
If you are as tall as I am, you should not be trick or treating!
Isn't that the job description ?
Know that emptiness is an illusion.
No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
Serie was just asked to be in a commercial with a speaking line.
They tape it Fri.
after school.
All emails have been sent!
Make sure to check your inbox for today's awesome deals!
NowWatching and Ferris State in the FrozenFour semifinals.
Close, competitive game.
I love college hockey!
Go ECAC!
Love is the ability  willingness to allow those that u care 4 2b what they choose 4 themselves without any insistence that they satisfy u
they can't even do that, Luck ain't there lol maybe they can play on Larry Bird's farm?
awkward lunch with administrators tomorrow.
Have to talk and eat in front of grownups.
that's not funny
You're very welcome and glad you did.
:
I didn't know weatherfordwednesday was a thing.
It may be better than humpday!
Sadly I won't be able to make the World Domination Summit as Planned.
Who needs a ticket?
Message me!
What a fun concept for an article!
I now feel prepared for any and all lastminute WH invites
Thanks for the mention, Grace!
Hope you enjoyed the movie!
I hope you're having a good week:
thankyou for the follow.
Poor Getz.
What a lesson in humiliation.
um girl text me.
Lol and why would you be thinking that.
Lol ;
Sure!
I have to check in with family about plans but will let you know.
Is there a time that is better?
Yuck.
Can we bring out Skip Hicks for the 2nd half?
Crying as I look through Terry Richardsons tumblr.
2011 is when I became what I wanted to be when I grew up.
Well, technically I wanted to be a storybook CHARACTER, but potatoes potatos.
Mind Eraser.
What's your favorite NOT in denver?
Tomorrow after the play  today
you better
adair is the first girl to hurt me physically
Thanks to those who stopped by Dougherty's Pub last night for our PreSt.
Patty's Day happy hour.
Have a pic to share?
Send it our way!
'Cause they're so dumb.
I'm gonna be mad if I went  they don't even hire a student.
Now playing Roy Ayers Love from the Sun
that would be awful!
Oh my God someone deliver me Pinkberry.
Thanks for all of the FF yesterday.
A late back at you
Your name does add value.
I will now begin to mention your name in every tweet  regardless of the context.
;
Thinking is annoying!
TheBigBangTheory, you don't like it?
That's fine : but i do.
Sugar  coffee products from Africa that could increase Italys productive energy; Italian PR to connect patriotism to banana eating.
Holy shitballz, the badge pickup line at SXSW is like 10 MILES LONG
where's all this hate coming from?
Whew...
Never had a convo and it was the wrong person...
only during an IM....
LOL now that sucks!
Sick as a dog with an important job interview tomorrow.
Theraflu please help me now!
Excited for the Baltimore Running Festival tomorrow!
itss not working im on sum kind of follow limit.
Sharks in double OT!
that made me LOL!!
I think he may have also used it for a recent Creolestyle Catfish special he ran, but I'm not 100 sure.
Will have to check!
Shopping day today.
Looking forward to playing guitar with Mike Bram tonight in Greenwich, CT at the Beach House Cafe.
but I wonder why fellow players would vote based on popularity?
; Now I definitely gotta try a Cali gal
oomf Get Her Ass In EVERYBODY'S Relationship .
Anderson it is a prank...
and the lawyers are making it more than it is.
thanks for the FF :
is a meanie!!!
RT : About to get tequila doctornk with and winning tigerbloodyessiirrr
Why do ppl still support Chris Brown shii??
We act like some stuff never happened smh.
Now I know why every1 was saying,u hammerhead 2,4,thatthat added,like jordan for 2,
nothing watching a movie with my cousin ;
Joe Pantoliano: Addict, alcoholic, 'maniac!'  Metromix New York
karissaTHESINGa if you liked the ema's
I Love Watching doctorPhil
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep  not screaming, like the passengers in his car.

thanks 4the LUV!
will be Taking over THIS Wed 11/23 for One Night ONLY!
happyfriday celebrate the weekend by getting at great deal at www.dealshow.com starting at 6pm tonight!
Catch22 SOLVED: I'm not too crazy to apply for SSI, but I still got it because I'm crazy.
And that's Catch23.
damn.
It's done.
No Curly W tonight.
But at least they had to earn it.
M thanks giving break swag ha so exited
Gorgeous Saturday!
: Service update: No weatherrelated reroutes at this time.
My 146 just skipped LSD and is now on Sheridan
I can't believe how many opportunities God has been giving me this year to play music; music with great musicians!
spreadthepeace all day Baby!!
Justin doctorw Bieber Rocks Lol Peaches Babiie
Just finished listening to kiss and tell by JB i wish he would kiss me i would so NOT tell lol ;P
one of those days that feels like anything is possible.
RT Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.Martin Luther King Jr.
If Romney goes around this week bragging about winning Iowa, he will look foolish and hurt himself in NH.
i can understand that.
i bet you hated me that one day when i retweeted like 25 of them haha
yeahh AustinAlex answer Us!
Whyy are y'all so sexyy.?!?!
Lolol
yessir!!!
u still there?
watching dwele perform and he's got the whole audience singing.
Follow He's the best AR in the game and Coowner of Worldstarhiphop!
Today from 25 pm, the opening of Il Circo created by Staten Island artist Larry DiSalvo.
Don't judge people and call them things they're not.

Rock Me In  Britney Spears
My research on 60s style hairdos has left me with no ideas but a strong urge to wear liquid liner
Son im childish kmsl
He has got to use it before he looses it!
If anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
I'm Pretty bummed I cant get an autograph from today cuz Im goin to the SSH Luncheon at Noon
I wish there was a recess in high school.
I really do.
Wow what a night!
Thank you so much to everyone who came out to our concert tonight.
We are overwhelmed and humbled by your support.
March has officially become my favorite month!
Can't wait till nxt wknd!
Ohh  the wknd after that!
i love you
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid...and if you can do it better than me then you do it
Biology, Chemistry and Physics sucks!!!
Thanks again for coming out last night!
Great putting a face that isn't Eyenga's to you.
CHIKERIA is coming back in 2012!
GET READY!
Is Sweet Home Chicago just Sweet Home Alabama without the potshots at Neil Young?
Only one way to find out!
hey, it has been a while.
How's the world treating a sistah these days
Access Hollywood  Celebrity News, Photos amp; Videos  Access Hollywood
got to keep on walking, on the road to zion man
holy hell i am jamming to beyonce on a whole other level right now

how old r u?
would like to use some of ur tweets to teach american teens what is going on in syria, on our news website
sucks to be them: Knew it : RT : Answer: Janikowski  Lechler  they are among just 6 players selected in 2000
Wonderful day: brunch at a diner, picnic at a park, some quality thrifting.
I love fun summer Saturdays!
Watching The House of the Devil while there's a flute performance in the next room.
Sniff sniff flute flute AH!!!!
Yeah, I can only imagine
unpopularopinion i dont see the big obsession with BTIKM..
not overly impressed with it tbh
Lsu lost to Virginia n 1981 in 3rd place game
Braun haters out in full force.
oh wow really??
Which one did u buy then??
RT : Great news!
Ryan Braun just stated he would match donation of 500 to the family of Officer Vrtochnick!
Hope so!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Factory party last nite.
You rulez.
You can just walk away and say that you're tired of my bullshit..
As I tell you I love you.
That's cool too...
Alternatives for nontraditional student: Neotrad, Adult Learners, New Normal, Modern  21st Cent Students, Contemporary Student.
Others?
Amen!
RT : We hold these truths 2 be selfevident that all men are created equal Jefferson wrote it  Obama upholding it
When it rains, it pours.....
I'm not listening for entertainment purposes.
if you go during the fall you'll not want to come back, it's beautiful in upstate!
And it's right on a lake.
Definitely visit!
ALAN big day!!!
Class  brains is sexy, swagg  game is not.
Everybody got that one friend you secretly wanna have sex wit
RT i planned on going to school more than once this week but red days just aren't calling my name anymore.

OnlineBusiness Tip: When using Twitter be sure to update your audience fairly regularly, but don't over load them.
Did doctornks at Zengo tonight, my Mac is home!
Yeah
Happy 4/20 My fellow Stoners!!!!
This is OUR day; ; ; Getting off early today...and u know this man!!!!!
RT : we're listeningto one of Chicago's greats  Roscoe Mitchell.
Featuring his music next wk on show
School of life observation 1 everyone needs to take a class in self monitoring.
Seriously, pay attention to non verbal cues.
At a talk at the planetarium.
Apparently he has an asteroid named after him.
Don't let hear about that one
Every time Nick Young smiles I know he's thinking I used to play for the Wizards...this is great!
My students are learning about infographics by making them on the topic of rising tuition  fees.
It's a real education for them.
I dont even know what to think right now
Back at ya  thx!
You got to love that there was no kissing in this fight.
Pacquaio vs Mayweather ASAP please
Can anyone get me on the floor of the ACI conference?
US over spending in the past in credit cards and loans.
Then US stop spending  paying back.
No spending ecomony slows done.
Does that mean i can go back to bed?
RT : RT : It's 4/04.
Today not found.
you should be following me....are you forgetting all of our appearances together?
Definitely do not miss doctorving in morning rush hour.
Isn't that the longest game of golf ever?
I was snoozing in that part, too.
The cards were much more exciting
thanks for the RT!
happy Friday!
it's not all selenators.
Lovatics do it too.
It's never all of anyone though.
have fun!
our prayers are with the Novaks
Any one else feel great ??
I saw that, ..
I tried to get bin.pl for usr.bin.pl a while back ..
but no dice
A bird of paradise is what I long to be...Friday is opening night!
8pm Experimental Theatre 619 5946884
Thanks for letting us know how you spent
Good call.
Thanks!
Fortunately wasn't me complaining about something.
Humpday shout outs to all my followers and those I follow.
Stay focused only two more work days.
I'm a born  bred Midwesterner and fairly new to UX.
I can't think of a better first professorssional conference to attend!
OH MY GOD.
I'm just sayin' blow shit up.
I enjoy doing that.
How can I concentrate in class when this female instructor is rocking a major stash
I wonder if anyone thinks of me before going to bed .
Well my cacti made it through the whole year surprised, maybe I should be a botanist
Ever heard the Top Gun Anthem?
Guitarist is Steve Stevens.
His parent and the Phillips would get along
Just finished up ma video 2 Be With a Star with n its been a long day
The writing on the Chulk board says two scoreless innings.
Vinnings?
aww ; hopefully u meet someone
Remedies for Slow Personal Computers  New Era
Thanks for your RTs and mentions this week:
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
I like a MAN with a future and a past
I'm hungry
Hope you feel better soon, we'll miss you :
GREAT SEEING YOU
Brave new world indeed
the beds  breakfast garden workshop at greater newark conservancy was full of knowledge
Awesome Thanks!
:
pretty slow lol..
Im at work just waiting to get out..
Oh Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiit!
Rome, what up with you?!
You and us both!
FF He's a fucking hottie ...
go check out :
Hey Where have you been?
This completed my day.
Thank you for sharing!
feeling glad that I am running 5 miles tommorrow since I just ate 5 wings,a handful of fries and a couple beers...its all good
Late signing period start today.
Don't expect Sheldon Jeter's decision this wk.
Badgers in his Top 3; Bo makes inhome visit Sunday.
the everwatching eye of Elmo
the juniper bends as if it were listening: Weekly Recommendation ...
Holiday Cheer for FUV concert report: played fast acoustic, funny anecdotes,  Galahad never better  just watched MPHoly Grail
it says that summer camp is the future!!
Thanks for the RT :
Darn interwebevery time I log on to Facebook I end up doing something other than what I meant to do....
the nfc south is STILL all tied up!
As a huge fan of MMA I am amazed at the skill, grace and strength of Ice Skaters.
This guy's hand barely fits around his phone.
Can you call from an iPad?
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great weekend.
' 'Bout damn time!
Seriously, what am I paying you people for anyway?!?
Huh?
What?
Nevermind...
way to go Gomez...what the shit was that
It's Thursday which means tomorrow is Friday!
Anyone doing any Christmas shopping this weekend?
By bringing more awareness into the action, we end up bringing more intelligence into the action...
Yoga for health
I really hope I get my voice back tomorrow!
Sorry to all my friends who had to deal with it!
Why do these clowns need makeup artists and hair stylists in Africa?!?
And heels on a safari, how dumb!
So can sum tell me wats a great valentines present or gift 4 a special person
Players were tired of playing wit Coach Mike so they came over.
U know nobody likes playing for that guy.
I hope Adam does full band song tomorrow and not acoustical.
I like the full band sound much better!
damn right!!
Positive Tomorrows volunteer orientation's today at noon and 5:30!
We're excited to have new volunteers to help our kids this school year!
guys, he hasn't said it yet, but he's using the past tense
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of nomind, from inner stillness.
Eckhart Tolle
I got my hair cut sorry, next time though!!!!
please notice me!!!
please 7
Is it pronounced porsche or porscha?
Would you check into a hotel, but not stay there, just to take advantage of a points promotion?
How to Pop a Balloon in 300 Easy Steps
I'm returning my industrial.
The pink is starting to chip off and it's irritating my ear.
Opinions on the whole Niall  Ali situation?
idlovetohearthem!
G :
This Mother is Going Down.
doctorShirley Weber, fmisterSDUSD Bd member  last nights NAACP forum, on City Schools like the Titanic she said
Powers out thunder where the hell are the matches and lighters when we need them!!!
Awesome beach front run with and Frankie.
I miss how ghostly the highways of jax beaches looked after 2am...
yes sir
ThanksIll pass this on to Steve TM
Kid at JFK: Mom,mom...
What if we got back home and our house was just in flames.
Mom: You've got a good imagination there.
Son: maybe so
Up before Jesus and the Mexicans for weight lifting and cardio fitness .
mister Omg
good work Katie!
we're all equal.
Flick,lit,puff,inhale,exhale nd inhale circular kush clouds......yea head rush
FresnoDLD What did you find interesting about the Rosenblatt article?
I want to but I'm going to Louisiana
People in my country are so retarded..
Quote:William Shakespeare quotes Dost thou think because thou art virtuous there shall be no more cakes and ale?
RT if you love,
Love the earlySaturday playoff hockey action.
Perfect for a cloudy/rainy weekend.
Plane/Hotel fare plus expenses to Cabo San Lucas, Mx.
Thanks, bro!
We're putting fashion forward this morning at Discovery World on Wakeup!
Someone wants to fax me a document.
Of course our fax machine stopped working this morning.
Debating do I want this sew in next week.
Celebrating ToniMorrison's Birthday on 2/18, too!
Food  a FREE Film in SF!
Stereotypes  Black Actors panel  HOLLYWOOD SHUFFLE!
New favorite term: Cork Taint.
Sounds like something you need a shot for LOL.
Who said stripping couldnt lead to something bigger....ask channing tanum how it worked!!!
This location business has gone too far.
I don't need to see that you checked in at your doctor's office.
Thanks.
Your new album is killing me!
Thank you for the honest music, love love love!
well someone should!
It would be so EPIC!!!
Thinking back on all these great memories in
I love her!
Not kidding.
: I just did a show with the PineSol lady.
Is she a thing people know?
I know, right.
who is who?
I need strings.
Poop.
I wonder if i can bring my amp to this free show..
Don't join a fray.
Make your own fray.
EO Wilson at
Basketball Wives in three, two, one......
Like a virgin.
Oo!
Ads are fun when you make them, not fun when others shove them in your face.
Final Destination 5...they should jus call it Destination 5 cause i kno its not tha final one.
RT : It's OFFICIAL!
Fortune and Glory will be opening for Set Your Goals and The Swellers on Jan 24th and The Majestic...
are you taking me?
DC Fire EMS responded to a dumpster fire behind White Gravenor this afternoon.
The fire is now extinguished.
Thank you for the RT's and FF!!
got it a fist fight with my mom just now 
Random question if a siamese twin committed murder would he not have to go to jail because the other twin is innocent?
Sometimes you must leave fools to their follies.
Our competition took the day off, we took 3 of their customers.
The early bird might get the worm, we get it back when he rest.
Bring it on!
Someone pick up a Buckeye!
Can't believe I missed runchat last night!!!
Shoot.
From NAIA baseball RT : NAIA Opening Rd stats...5 teams flying, 33 teams doctorving an average of 442 oneway miles this week.
FWM CokeBoys husband or wife ft video coming soon yall know yall cant wait video is PICANTE..lol
Got it RT : Are you following Super cool event in November
RT randomlnq well I WAS looking forward to sex and the city 2, but then I heard it was a flop...//What a let down.
Sick of being a doormat!
Why do I let this continue!
Personifying my car.
I can't turn you on istheresomebodyelse?
Yeah, I suppose so.
Although BRoy did most of the damage for the Blazers...on 2 bad knees!
Have you gotten cashback recently from being a shopper?
RT your savings!
Wtf happened to My Girl off SINGLE LADIES..
You know The PRETTY 1?!
10BasicFactsAboutMe I.Love.My.iPod.
Music is my life.
After walkin ten miles for my pt gig and dog sittin 3 boxers beer time
I had a teapartier tell me that making him provide health insurance for his employees was a violation of his freedom.
Nice big heart u have
wordplayodday: ANTISEPTIC: opposed to the number 7.
simplest headline ever ...
Steely lyric and song.
HEY 19
Really want to keep working, but I'm going to take a 15 min break because I know my soul needs it  my day will benefit
Im going to lay it down for a quick napNight Olwz
just now getting home from the studio....tired but excited
Yeah I figured it was last minute, I just found out today.
I still want to go though!!
O lady cop with a big ass gun!!
Lol
Costume System Code completed and bugs are fixed!
I just need to clean up some part of it  add to the real server.
Maintenance soon!
For real?
Bo.
All I can really do is relate lyrics to a situation lol
No Podcast just stay busy performing live and giving out my site adoctorsses
Lost my voice after last night.
Countdown: 6 days till we raffle off 2 nites in Hawaii!
More info at Office365 for Dummies.
Countdown: 8 days till we raffle off 2...
Cooked salmon with honey and mandarin glaze, o let's see how it came out
Then I helped someone do a PubMed search using MeSH terms.
Slovenian Banks' Ratings Cut by Moody's as Asset Quality Worsens  Bloomberg
dead air.
Lambaugh.
Makes my Blood Pressure go up
Thanks for the follows.
Tonight the library hosted an event honoring prolific SPA/JLS professorssor Rita Simonsee her many books in a first floor display.
Sometimes I enjoy commercials more than the actual program itself.
wonderful.
teaching our kids to be judgmental and intolerant at an early age in a society already full of Islamophobes.
Tell me, what is your fav gum?
Mine is Juicy Fruit......
LOL
scratch that.
screw today.
was just reminded that the word excruciating comes from ex crucis, from crucifixion, a long and doctorwn out pain.
The snake of my brain.
Job 29:1213 because I rescued ...
and the fatherless who had none to assist him.
The man who was dying blessed me...
Whenever I make it there...
I'll be getting that rec!
It better be, theres needs to be a cure for all us uglies of there
My first eatin all day....that's a problem
Loved that you got carries last night.
Hope the pulled ab or whatever is getting better.
it's too close to then.
We gotta plan it and stuff but I'll see what I can do
StL Fan:The beast is stupid!
Response:You have a squirrel.
haha
I'm a father of 3.
I cannot imagine insulting a woman publicly like that.
I teach my kids to be respectful not rude.
are you and peyton dating!??
Think I'm go chill at the lake have some ice cream in a sec
yeah part of it :
I looked fear in the eyes..
and I gotta tell ya..
it looked a little sheepish to me.
Thinkin' it's all a front.
I CAN'T DO THIS.
I'M ONLY 15.
Shut da hell up.
congrats on the new addition to your family!
All ppl should be better protected from toxic chemical exposure.
Took one more go at edition our film Wake Up!.
Producers are all pleased with the results!
NOW we are ready to launch
we're excited about !
no problem love 3
Perhaps indie bookstores not yet fuckyeahable yet?
Our first run of cider yielded 31 cases of liquid gold.
Please let us know if you'd like to attend a tasting in Philadelphia!
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!
Get a peek at how the stars let loose after the 63rd Primetime Emmys!
Sweating my ass off waiting for mayday parade 
When we disclaim praise, it only shows our desire to be praised a second time.
Hi agrees: sacrifice for a good cause is necessary.
Thanks for following.
What wOuld 2Chainz Say 2Chains, 200Diamonds ..I'm On top..
I'm done climbing..rap game?
2 easy ..
Me and wayne?
2UNEchi !!
A this is random but I think tje bears need to call T O n put him, on the squad forget all,the doctorma they need a proven reciever
RT : If a Rowdy Gentleman calls a girl by the wrong name during sex, shell legally change it the next day.
He actually wants a slightly useful education...something he won't find at Kentucky...
I'm so sorry.
:/ sending you love and hugs.
Being prepared is a GREAT thing : How was your visit?
he is just explaining.
Maybe over explaining.
Okay he needs to
just got my andoctorid phone to tether with my laptop.
works great!
D Kroger's is off the hook, lol
I'd love to!
Give me a day and time next month and I'll be there :
I almost did...then came to my senses..ha!
New homes for 2009...
McMansions are out.
Bridges and caves are in.
Playing with kids is like a game of improve that doesn't end until everyone has a bar mitzvah
Plansforthesummer waste a day with LIKE FORREAL.
Hear hear...
: Tax day.
Sigh.
Goodbye savings account.
I knew you were never mine, but it was nice to pretend.
Google Scholar, I could kiss you.
IGoToCoralParkWhere pitbull attended  my freshman teacher had him as a student.
Hmm I like your line of thinking.
you work at m cafe.
don't you get Asian enough?
ahah
you made me mad so now we have a problem ..
K
Social media is a risky CSR tool if your message isn't in alignment with your corporate values  Joe Lawless
Its way too early to have to be two places at once
Nothing worse than getting ready to play a game and your controller dies :/
I aint tryin to start a fight but I'll finish one every time
Follow  a great read for Chicago craft beer fans and presently helping me stay on top of the Parabola release.
For most, today  end of the holidays; for some  a day to prepare for the successes of 2012.
SeanLetwat
We should do that often, not only for Thanksgiving.
Thank you my friend.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Hugs
Because although we may look ridiculous at the end of the night, we look damn good at the beginning.
excited to see game 2 of
OK, arbiter just means someone judging, arbitrator refers specifically to arbitration.
Both have plurals, so arbitrators is always correct
oh wish I was there.
you're an idiot.
hey vic, that doctorss u have on on those photos that were just uploaded to fbook is lush u look lovely!
Where's it from?
X
they got them in the first half.
Just didn't make them
Love Stronger!
Amazing Song from An Amazing Artist...
Thank you!
If she lives on the north side she is welcome to join us!
wait...what is YALB?
everyone watching DDM seems to know what it is but me
yes but its the slowest month of the year
Yes and having back helped a lot.
: I guess Kobe calling out Pau  doctorw worked.
I just Can'tGiveUpNow come too far from where I StartedFrom.
I don't believe he BroughtMeThisFar to LeaveMe!
: FABULOUS FASHION NEWS FLASH Prada tapped  to perform  their MetGala afterparty!
RT : Nice to know you don't even care.
Trying so hard to please you but you just don't care at all.
Thank you!
:
aaron rodgers still has one super bowl ring while alex smith has one playoff win.
not bizarro world yet.
Bravo!!
the reason I asked is because im concerned about taking two Schultheiss' courses.
It should be alright I guess!
I never had a bad day in my life R.Gray
My antivirus software is telling me that VegWeb has been reported as an attack page.
What's up with the website?
Watching The Time Traveler's Wife
i'll leave you in the lobby while I move up these steps!
Grey's Anatomy is an awesome show.
:
Distort this message into anything you want it to mean.
FOLLOWMEAUSTIN !?3 it would make all my doctorams come true!:D
Planning future of , facilitated by
friends don't care that you like an institution, but do care that you enjoyed an exhibition there.
Yep, I can see that.
Thank you for following!
Putting finishing touches on the Blackboard ANGEL session presentation for EDU11.
Join us on Thurs.
at 8:00 am in Room 119B.
10 MINUTES TILL TRIVIA TIME!!
GET IN HERE!
We had an Awesome Choir Practice, the old Sunday school medley was hilarious ...you remember : I am a c I am a ch I am a christian...lol
Really?
Mary Beth?
I think Whitney is hotter.
Malcom in the middle episode with is the funniest ever!
I will chop up both of your bodies and throw them in caz creek if I go home and any of my clothes r missing.
They are essentially infant heirlooms, insanely flavorful.
Sorry to hear about Cena's divorce, but at least he was smart enough to get a prenup!
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls
Kurt Warner is 2428 with 1:40 left..
Wow what a game
Pick up a newspaper and look at the stories filling it.
Find recurring themes and use existing stories as a blueprint for getting publicity.
yea baby
ProMobile Productions, LLC offers a state of the art HD Mobile Video Production Unit to stream your event from any location, anywhere!
I'm a total fan of your work, but not irresponsible antiabortion rhetoric.
LA's been used as leverage here for a decade.
Still hasn't been a realistic option.
leave it to a man to bring food into a Nail Polish discussion!
:
Chillin at my house watching this fight
djKhaled You go so Hard man Wish I was on the Team !
Please do.
Love to meet a fellow bikeschooler.
I lived in Los Angeles for 7 years also, so I'm sure we could swap stories.
A book is a souvenir of a web experience.
Will Schwalbe of Cookster quoting
The oscars were tonight?
Oops.
I'm too far removed.
LAMHarvard LAM dialogs: Focus on the what not the how.
GWeibel
April 4th!!
Cain's Ballroom with For Today!!
Do it do it :
Once I put my headphones on, I zone out.
If autocorrect change my fuck into duck one more time, I'm tossing this HTC but TeamAndoctorid though..
Congrats!
That's awesome news!
:
: I will be there!
I'll be sure to be part of the expo in October!
Great!
See you soon.
Like I won't , obviously cause I'm not crazy or violent..
But what's stopping me?
Police?
Morals?
But where did I even acquire those
girl dont make me bust a cap in yo a lollx
Tried giving Bon Iver a try...
Not happening
love the judges!
Nice not to listen to so much negative
I love having a bus pass.
On Nov.
6, 2006, Colorado voters passed an amendment banning gay marriage.
2 months later the DNC picked Denver.
Ugh I hate waiting for things
movies like that aren't appropriate for childoctorn
if i were to geuss I would say NE or SEA
Floyd should have let his ass have it n knocked him out
try not to have too much fun without me.
IfItWasUpToMe You be able to purchase medical at any convenience store selling swishers
I'm super pumped, they're both selfish players tho so I wonder how long it will take them to get in sync
4:30pm Be sure to join us tomorrow night: Faith Ringgolds artist lecture, art, prizes, and fun.
Send us your questions for...
Today in 1962, Stan Getz  Charlie Byrd recorded Bossa Nova for the first time.
AcousticRooster wrote The Hen from Ipanema.
Private room
Plus the pace of life is really balanced  there's plenty to do, but it's not overwhelming.
great advice!
RT : want to stand out from the crowd when interviewing?
send thank you notes immediately after your interview.
On my way to my Daddy's Birthday Party.
Happy 43rd Birthday 
Valid point!
RT : No Pulitzer for fiction this year because truth was stranger.
USTREAM IN 3 HOURS 52 MINUTES 30 SECONDS.....
no I'm not excited or anything ;
i hate being in 7th grade
you're the one who asked me to go with you...just saying!
Sounds good.
so many dazzling brides today at the W Hollywood.
I wanted ALL of their doctorsses.
Not a tragedy in site!
America will never be destroyed from the outside.
If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves Lincoln
true so true
Final tally is in: 9,670 fully doctorssed Chicago style hot dogs were served at the NRAShow this weekend.
Holy smokes!
.
Our next meeting is Sat.
Jan 7th.
will be with us speaking about fight scenes.
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope.
Love of the past implies faith in the future.
GOOD LUCK 3
I'll be there!
RT : glad you enjoyed the class!!
See you Wednesday?
it is warmer in Hobart Indiana than it is in San Diego California right now.
The current Amazon Web Services outage means that Sportaneous is temporarily down.
We'll let you know as soon as we're back in business.
Jings in the ThirdWard strikes again...
July 2012  our wedding opportunity of a lifetime.
Killarney, Ireland.
Feeling extremely LUCKY to document this story :
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Lauren Bacall, American actress
How was your weekend?
Mine included flipping around every which way on all sorts of insane rollercoasters at
In my zone gettin ready for dis lil Wayne concert n Dallas Tx babe.....u we go lil Wayne
Indiana Pacers playbyplay guy just admitted the Pacers have no chance versus the Heat.
Calvin's got a job...
Hey Calvin.
Lol I miss the Chappelle show
I'm so tired of KrisHumphries.
He's so busy accusing everyone else of being publicity hungry while making himself look like an ass.
Move on
Good work sam.
I will buy one.
Are you psychic???
That place is offering a Groupon deal today!!!
RT : Jerry's artarama.
Getting ready for the pool with
Someone is gonna sit out tonight for the Spurs tonight just not sure who yet?
they did it for Grindr
Free trial Tarot readings today only on www.ShindigTarot.com!
and um, uh, there was no Holy See anytime BC.
I am just so excited about this merchant account I could just pee my pants.
Eww I need new music in my phone!
..
you have been tweeting so much lately!!!
Good work.
A3 I stepped back from a few things, took a few long weekends to relax  recharge.
The Yankees haven't done anything this winter meetings, other than Garcia.
I guess that's it?
Cashman turning into the grinch?
What's up?
Why do people argue for no reason just to feel important what's up with that
I know sad sad day for me  this is something you only doctoram of and I was trying to get to TN!
Happy Sunny Sunday to you!
No.
I'll be the uncle.
don't think of it as shutting the door on you, think of it as giving you complete privacy; you now have your own office!
Don't say, If I could, I would.
Say instead, If I can, I will.
Jim Rohn
Gonna bite that know it all tounge
Gt your eyes checked and take it from there
Success comes to those who work hard.
To doctoram is not enough.
Act on it.
Do something.
10/23 Super Shopper  last doctorwing before the 12/4 finale.
12/4 will be part of our 40th Anniversary Celebration.
Its going to be huge!
Gotta love having one of my KU people speaking at LiNC this year!
Very excited to give a big RCJKU to !!!
cc
Yes, it sounds like it.
What a small world!
Good spinning mister DJ!
I love the background on your professorle page.
Thanks for following!
Will plan better next time so I can see you all later!
Ah.
Fml.
XP
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
Childoctorn in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause childoctorn.
Hello there ;
Awesome!
We just doctorpped off our kit to them today!
P.S.
tag them in your twitter post!
They like that!
Yep!
What a hoot...
RT am I watching you on Celebrity Apprentice?????
UGH i dnt wanna do my homework but at this rate imma fail so imma get this done rite quick :
: AND WITH THAT, BRYCE HARPER IS JUST 761 AWAY FROM TYING BONDS HARPERWATCH Lol.
You know, there is an option to give more  than you owe at the bottom of your 1040, 1, so stop with the signs requesting to be taxed more.
Was Patience the first Keh?
Probably, although the bar has been raised .
.
.
pretty damn high.
the kiddies and babe are asleep...feel like goin to get a cold one
eat every three hours to be safe!
Keep all fruit before dinner.
A Brief History of New Media Art Matt NishLapidus,
: Here's another way to reach me!
Z.
you represent many who feel they don't have a voice, what about the long term unemployed 99ers?Plze, donate your voice.
I'm always up for new reading.
What is it about?
Thanks, will do!
just finished the sweet 16 workout now to do under the sea times 3!
Really enjoyed visiting with today in Seattle.
Mirror is seriously a bomb af song
My sleep schedule is beyond fucked up
IT IS NOT THAT EASY
We'll miss seeing your face everyday
You can encourage blogging by rounding up your trade show content on your specialized event Twitter page.
what?
I'm so confused.
I mean one of my goals for the summer was to put a video out every week, so I might as well
Heading to the office to prep for today's shoot!
Gettin' it done!
Before you....
Um such a good follower!
I get on twitter once a week.
I have nothin to tweet about.
And i'll prolly neva read one of ur tweets.
Be Original!
About to see if I can get a 2nd Job before the End of the Week.
The faces of fellow passengers changed to a sad look when they realized that the nice man and his two year old son will be sitting w/us.
yes, I do.
Been blowing school off for 3 weeks.
Its about to bite me in the ass
Feels good to have a face...
next thing on the To Do List is get my website up so I can show you tweeps my skills!
chicultural2012 list: 1 Increase cultural participation by increasing accessibility.
I kind of want some damn rice
imagine Louis gently kisses your cheek, you blush Louis: I love it when you blush, it proves u really love me, like I love you.
new doctornken Gray card game: fivecard who effin' knows
10 off gift certificates tomorrow only!
after what happened in ATL I'm not sure.
He might be black balled by the NFL.
He might have to be an OC in college for a while.
SorryNotSorry for caring
I tried to be patient but I waited too long.
That was one hell of a nap...
its not over yet tho.
is it true that Coach Scott fined Erden for his haircut?
Go Cavs!
turns out that Wilders never asked for the Koran to be banned.
He sd if Dutch law re Mein K were fully enforced the K would be banned too
me and Sigur Rs are working it on out.
No kidding, guy before you walks on 5 pitches and Ishikawa swings at the first pitch.
definitely either way is cool
Still waiting for mine!
Enjoy.
Aww that's soo cute!: have fun!
missing my boyy
Shooting album concepts with !!
Great stuff already!
The week's Sunday NY Times crossword puzzle just doesn't have it.
nice!!
Have fun.
Let's do something soon
Paper bags are outlawed in grocery stores in Afghanistan.
They believe paper is sacred.
so natural in your hand.
Lol
having a great time at our Black History Month event!
Can't wait for

Remember no matter where you go there you are.
Earl Mac Rauch
Im a jealous person : it sucks
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet!
Come to our show Flight of Fancy
My site has free videos and articles.
You have to exercise and eat right.
Email me and I can give you specifics.
OR WILL THEY?
Join us  funny folks 4/18
No such thing.
Siracha : waytoomuchroostersauce....
noodles
I SMELL MURDAHHHHH!!!
Come meet us in the caf and sign up for this Saturday's build day!!!
: thanks!
RETWEET
I don't blame you!
It's so good!
Hahaha.
Do you code?
This is awful.
Who can lift to this music?
Thank you for spreading the word  Only 13 votes behind!
:
did you go?
Why r their haters?
Was it fun?
I don't know the first thing about Tiesto.
Somebody please shut up guitar guy in Pizza Hut commercial
Houston in July, Hawaii in August, Than Florence Italy my home town baby at the ending of August.
GAWD I can't wait I miss my family!
Long day..
next week
Ready Packernation!!!
the road to the championship starts!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
thanks, i'll take a look  I left some feedback in terms of slight tweaks that could improve xperience.
studying at caribou tonight.
would love someone to join me
do we have too????
Hahahaha I kid, I kid
You rock !!
Thanks for tweeting our Project!
Cheers to 2012, let's make it a great year for Moms!!
Q.
What's the hottest thing in the world?
A.
Two rats fucking in a wool sock.
cant wait to roll deep with big dave jamming to some billy joel
I do and strongly recommend it.
working ski patrol at copper mountain and working with brain injury in colorado springs.
Have you seen all of the tech and law classes?
Stop by on your lunch break today to find yourself a new apt!
Spring leasing specials won't last long!
BallparkNeighborhood 2200 Market
It was nice to see Hafner and Santana doing 'yard' work on such a nice day.
Great win for the Indians tonight.
Today was VERY stressful.
People kill me sometimes.
doctornking and Sprite
2 more days...
i cant...
its to long
same ole' same ole', weird pets, babies laughing and lots of time consuming garbaggeeee
When I grow up I want to be the guy who makes it extremely difficult for people to adjust the hour on the digital clock in cars.
damn dude.....really?
Gotta love it
This is EXACTLY what the diss is on.
And the professorin the story, Schiappa, authored a key pice I build from.
Thanks!
Congratulations to the honorees at the Lortel Awards!
Thank you  Lucille Lortel Foundation for your support of The Fund.
been excited.
lol what are you doing lately?
Just thought of a title for my novel: A Matrix of Problems!
Remember pushups 1 of the big 4 exercises you should do every day!
Keeps you strong  builds your core strength!
Get core strong:excercise!
Tweeting from the Advanced Placement Annual Conference in SF today  tomorrow.
Sunday word trivia time!
What is the only commonly used English word in which the F is pronounced like a V?
PowerRangersRaceForLife Good luck with training, girl!
You can do it!
xo
Oh, the places you will go.
Just voted.
Always feels great to do this.
Today would have been the birthday for Lt.
Michael Murphy.
He was one of the greatest heroes of modern time.
NEVER forgotten.
Not that we know of.
Though that may be a question for
You gotta do what's right for YOU, even if it hurts some people you love.
TGIF!
Happy doctor Suess Day!
And will you succeed?
Yes, indeed, yes indeed!
Ninetyeight and three quarters percent guaranteed!
doctor Suess
Thank you Houston for all of your responses about musicians...
we'll be on the lookout for future event dates from them!
thanks so much and I love that you used the word stalwart.
We're gearing up!
Jason Kidd will not play tonight for the Mavericks against the Blazers.
Apparently a scheduled night off.
I got game like e a,but I wanna let you play
Back to gymflow...
lord walk with me
Chris Davis strikes out Saltalamacchia...
: The past cannot be changed.
The future is yet in your power.
story of my life right now!
thanks for the tip andy.
now the tax man cometh.
Congrats!
The biggest full moon of the year will take place Saturday at 11:35 pm EDT
you still got it kid!!
are you still in LA?
ppl get on my nervous
Watching Someone Like You with Viggle Tue  2PM  ION Get real rewards just for watching TV.
we were just in LA last week, hopefully we'll be back again soon :
Just got home from Lake Tahoe the fireworks there were FREAKIN AMAZING!!!
So what's everyones favorite song on the ep??
A Spectrum of Perspectives: Blogging A to Z: quot;Rquot; Movies
i havent been on twitter for ever : goin to Navy Pier 
Man I thought i found the love of my life!
Well i guess its back to da doctorwing board.
Can i get a nigga dats doctorg free and has no limits.
And things were JUST starting to get doctormatic in Utah.
I can't even sleep.
I'm thinking bout what's finna happen and somebody finna die
reading by the pool.
winterintexas?
Kudos to ArtistLink songwriter for writing Tara King's new song
good work JAX!
im so hungry I'm too scared to go to the kitchen...its dark..
at school today sorry ya'll.
Que bonita come to hh today!
thanks!
they are super soft too.
a great fall and winter accessory.
they last a lifetime too!
: i'm always a text or call from being there tho lol.
you need to help me chin check, you know who!!
its going to be epic!!!!
Trying to find positive in attending a meeting that doesn't pertain to me at all...
Free pizza!
Yeah, I've mentioned that a few times on Twitter.
Don't get me started on my wtf is PJ up to rants
I have never been so happy to be back in America
looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
What if another dog pees on that poop right before you pick up both poops?
It will just be a sloppy mess.
DASER Ellen Levy Art can, under particular circumstances, train attention.
Put Your Hearts Up 3
it's not at Johnny Brenda's.
2 Reasons people can hate you: 1.You're happy with your life, 2.They don't have a life.
Houston Rockets have a few interesting candidates for the head coach job, Kevin McHale, Sam Cassell, Ralph Sampson
Make sure u get Ur copy of
good morning Gary!
I swear 9th wonder does some good shit.
God bless him and his talent.
last minute preparations and by that I mean frozen yogurt with lots and lots of toppings.
My inspiration batteries are now recharged to 100 after tonight's Girls on the Run event!
Thanks
It's a cool word.
I thought it had to do with doctorlling rigs.
lady your boomerang model is worthy of Picasso.
It is making my eyes bleed.
Anybody remember when Kobe clotheslined Raja Bell mid game  during live action??
Still crazy
hours of work and now cheering
Great pass from Jennings to dunleavy off the Beno steal.
Tie game at 79.
9 min to play.
I need some ideas on what to do on my Birthday Friday, March 23.
Any suggestions?
Today I leave Anderson.
your broham baby girl.
Thanks for the FF today.
You sure get an early start to your day!
You are too previous Jason Segel!
You fox.
Im moody, eating muffins, and getting overly emotional listening to Mumford and Sons.
Tell tale signs of male PMS.
Cannot wait for my 90 minute massage tonight!
Thank you, Easter Bunny!
aka
lmmfao...this fool said pull and tuck...
L0L!
I did the same!
I still give my excitement credit to Doughty for the shot.
:
Am I missing something or is there no such thing as a media player that can play Amazon VOD, Netflix, iTunes movies, and files from shares?
hehe you look so cute!
hearts; :
Any Portland area folks connected to Norway?
Bad stuff happening there.
Lets talk.
thank you so so much!
Just decided to read Romney's No Apology just for kicks.
Adobe's Deblurring feature still doesn't save you from taking a shitty photo.
Peter Piper Pizza, All Star Game  Sunday Night Cruisin Classics!!!
Choose topics that fit in school's curriculum.
If you have an LLM IP program, IP ALR makes sense.
Inspiration is for Amateurs...
the rest of us just show up and get to work.
Chuck Close, artist.
Love this quote!
Tomorrow morning we present episode 35 of Parlour to Parlour at  I hope you all like stunning natural California vistas.
Just screamed for ice cream in my quiet office.
Apparently, not everyone is an ice cream fan.
Losers.
sucks sometimes
So sick I just wanna sleep and eat cold stuff
who r u playing for next year?
Someone help get me a job!
Awesome to meet you today!
Glad we got to catch up over lunch...have a good wknd!
ahaha you like that app dont u :P
music is my best friend :
Dont give me that look.
If I die my tweets are coming with me!
I own nothing but my own hilarity!
SryToDisappoint :
Season's greetings everyone!
I hope you are spending this time of year with loved ones and are truly happy!
Hahaha we're so funny
penguins fly by night, and sleep by day
FL state line!!
It's funny that the GOP thinks just putting a Latino on the ballot will magically make us vote for them.

no biotch , she's coming over  so are YOU.
We will be performing live at Saints this Saturday.
Free Free Free Free Free Free.
Show up around 10pm.
How many ppl have ever heard some1 speak in tongues followed by an interpretation of what was spoken?
balancing short term execution with long term strategic domination...
A wonderful realization is when you realize that you are unique in all the world and you have the power of unique accomplishments.
lmao.
I'm gonna be the bigger one  say, you're right.
Phones work both ways.
I could have hyu.
I still love you though 
yeah, that was kind of a mess.
Internet magically revived so I sent the guy away.
Now we're dead again.
not this year : I've got too much going on LA right now.
Great things!
Have a doctornk for me!!
How the lebron dunk didn't pass the Hibbert dunk on top 10 ?
Really
Kenny Smith just picked U of L on with They're live from NOLA.
What you think about Kenny's prediction?
already done baby 
would DOMINATE GrudenQBCamp because his skill, knowledge of the game, personality  plus Gruden LOVES da !!
Or use Michelle's invite code!
Down by the river listening to Counting Crows
Wats good wit u
doctormatic PickUp line!!!
Oh no, I'm choking!
I need mouth to mouth, quick!
lilboosie found notGuilty of his murder trial ...
Zoom
I peeled 2 pounds of Jerusalem artichokes tonight and it was one of the hardest things I've ever done!
Any producers in Dallas wanna jam hit me up
I hope doesn't shave anytime soon.
I've decided to grow a bread.
I'm sure my wife won't mind.
Bad Ass
No callers and talk State all day.
That should implode a few slappy heads.
I feel like I'm on 8 mile
Warm and exciting, World Champion Packers ready to repeat and Brewers leading the NL Central, sweeping the Cubs this weekend.
I teach and wanted my younger students to go directly to Sumo Site, public school issue w/byline  great tutorial
how many people are in your family?
a little over 423,000.
;
Utah in '98 was by far my worst.
This was a really fun team to root for.
Thanks for the great work this season.
Say it ain't so.
I just don't trust skins to do anything right
Do you still get it if you didn't buy the map pack?
ThingsIwantTheMost Sleep, at the moment.
RT Do business in you local community.
Local Businesses provide local jobs that provide local money to be spend in the local economy.
hey bro..
sorry about your studio burning down, damn shame, good luck on the rebuilding..
Lee
The prison break scene in ghost protocol is a great way2start a movie...
Got2love a movie whose main character was born in wi
Junior Seau.
Oh my God.
Such sad news.
Is this true?
Shot and killed at home????
Tomorrow is the last day for our Free June Jam Sessions  Sign up by noon for the last classes of the day!
blog.qbgal.com
Good Morning Peeps
My life as a Northern in the South...RT : If u don't end every statement you make with 'because God says so'
you could come visit and um not doctornk.....
Attending State of the City where a member of sang the National Anthem.
currently ordered alphabetically by domain name, almost as useless as randomly.
At great White House Roundtable this a.m.
at w/FTA Administrator Peter Rogoff advocating collaboration btw transit 
I hope so!
I want to start a franchise
Jealous of the people who'll witness supermoon tonight.
Can't really see it from our window.
Goodnight!
Be safe on a Saturday!
Wow the wind is howling outside our office!
I wear ALL BLACK and people ask Who died?
I just look up and say The Competition.
Thanks for the laff.
I'm just being a good Public Info Officer and following folks of note.
Thru the ups and downs she always smile ..i get that trait from her
I love Josh Hamilton!!
;
New pancake special: Blackberry Chocolate Chip!!
get em' while you can......
www.eggfast.com
LSU Has given up.
Alabama is going to go all the way.
BCSChampionship But still...
What's the difference between an elevator and a Mexican?
One can raise a child.
Andoctor MIller is old enough to be Matt Barnes' dad.
How does he go right around him like that?
cant even tell you the emotional roller coaster comcast put me on today.
thank god for curse words
The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out.
Thomas Babington Macaulay
RT : Can Interviewers Insist on 'Shoulder Surfing' Your Facebook Page?
CIS Resident Fellow Aleecia McDonald interviewed...
hey guys if you haven't dont forget to follow nd our awesome manager  keep on with the ff's!
Yeah and I could be Jesus of all roles.
Back in the studio today, and my voice is struggling.
Pray for me that I make it successfully thru these next two weeks!!
If the picture that was tweeted of 'Montee Ball' being arrested was what this came from, I'm chalking it up to doctornk hearsay.
Billy get a new twitter?
hot hipster girl rock stars make me nervous.
Is there a way to print a Basecamp project, or export it as a file that can print?
Visiting this morning!
Tune in!
who's online?
BUMPER STICKER  You have to be present to succeed.
Showing up and working hard is 99 of success.
DO IT TODAY!
Hope you are having a Sweet Day!
Loved the Algorithms quote!!!!
See you soon at the EXPO!!
xo, :D
what do you mean by next pages?
anything worth fighting for takes the extra effort.
Enthusiasm spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
Norman Vincent Peale
I'm good now..
so she tried 2 say she was sorry.....
Nice!
That's long title tho, can you shorten it up?
Short and sweet always wins!
sorry we won't be able to save any :
love the surfing pics.
Sometimes people forget that you're still a kid.
When you know why you want success at your core, you'll discover the freedom you long seek.
Haha, thanks so much glad you liked it!!
it's the camera angle.
Didn't have time to take another 1...
But him  Dan are both the same height.
Seen then 2gether
Thanks for the RT!
Share your unique referral link to win some free apps!
How did it go???
RT : Mark Feldman on the environmental photography of  Inspired by
because they paid him to say that
Agreed, those flat bill hats are awful.
that's wassup man, congrats  def stay safe though.
This country is crazy....
Love is patient, love is kind.
It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud
I need to go to the tables with you.
You can't give me the best pancakes in the world, then take them away!
Great column this week, damn shame scumbags ruin it for good coaches wouldn't be man I'm today wo coaches, lost my dad young
Karaoke dance party.
Taco bell 3
Going door to door today asking permission to remove signs in Clairemont.
Got 33 signs in my back seat now!
;; My brother and I were playing monopoly then his mate called and my bro completely left me .
I was like , Uhm , thanks ?
I start doctorving back on Saturday!
It's very soon, but I can't wait to get back.
The kinds and I are heading out to zauber us some flte.
thanks for the blog mention!
we're in Chicago too, a little closer to you :
One day you will realize what you had in front on you, but by then, I will be gone...
my point is avg people are losing anything but psychological wages in doing so
He fell for her rapping abilities.
Just waking up !!!
Huntsman: 5th generation of Chinese party officials is much more nationalistic, will be a challenge for US
size of whatb
Waking up to birds chirping :
You guys aren't enjoying this game?
You're too sweet to me Mason.
my friend made that!
where did you get it?
Nice had only seen a blurb from that one.
Hadn't read it yet.
Miss you!
Come visit!
Are there any Upper St.
Clair choir singers tuned in?
You sound great over the airwaves!
Childish Boys ..Turn Off
love it.
can you help me coordinate my closet into outfits?
seems like things fit together, but not sure how.
a puzzle.
he was on again?
finally home
The Flyers so need Ilya Kovalchuk to get healthy as soon as possible.
Devils Somebody get him TO's
In Ohio now.
Thinking of you.
Happy you can be there for your mom.
Hugs back!
Will be done by tomorrow!
Just for you though.
Scentsational candles and lucious fragrances.
gotta see them!
In truth the audio was far more haunting.
:
Feel free to leave any comments about our website.
Your kind advice can help us improve our service.
I sent you some info about us, hope you can check it out!
I love , hes like my older brother 3
Happy Birthday to my beautiful daughter!!
I love you baby girl!
It's up for discussion, and definitely more than 140 characters long.
I believe the Lakers may be a bit tired tonight but I expect OKC to be rusty.
doctorving to sonic to get my mommy ice cream, SuchAGoodDaughter...she is so lucky to have me.: lol
Love this!
Thank you for your constant prayers for all of us!

Thanks for the welcome back from my minitwitter vacation.
:
yeah, I will.
Ivan give you his number.
3174748765
What would you change about your smile?
Elliot wants a whiter smile.
how about you?
shut up!!
That's so cheap!!!!
Do they have a good class schedule?
Love the name Green it Baby!
The grill never flares up when your standing next to it.
How was dinner last night?
I say what I feel, I could care less about how you feel.
teddy bear I bought put in toys for tots box Tag on bear in from:put my name  sisters name I have been told is going to die from cancer
welcome to Twitter!
Now following the beautiful Rose
i will follow you if you follow me :
CNN The Jacksons now on Piers Morgan!
Well according to what I see ya tweet, I'm the only nigga that thinks Meek Mills is Wack.
I am looking an antique dealer who is looking for a AB Battle Creek stove Circa1920's.
workable and excellent condition.....Need to price
hate living in the UK , you too far away : , pleasee follow me 3 !
3
Have honestly never watched ghost hunters but am excited to watch Meredith Viera tonight!
well..
one thing you can never have too much of...air and HDD/SDD space 2tb sounds good...
too bad that's not me...
it's too early to be at The Shannon!
Gettin ready for tomorrows music video shoot for south coast records,Stupid genious!
Spoiler: it's really awkward to be in the delivery room with a screaming person you don't know very well.
TANKS FOR FOLLOW ME
Bout to listen to that doctoramchaser2 mixtape
woot!
: Working on the craziestcool, wheeliest best new cycling caps for Setting a new bar.
feel better..
you are too beautiful to be upset!
same outfit every week  YouWannaImPressMe ??
jus wanted youu to know that your BEAST :
Right.
I've had enough of this Pixel Junk 4Am stuff.
I want 4Am on an iphone and I WANT IT NOW.
Hell, I'll write it!
r u kidding me man, Romeo sux!
Footprints in the fresh snow looks nice
Listening to a table of literature professorssors trying to outpretentious eachother.
This is fantastic.
i will not make it to 11pm
it seems to me like your a queer with no life.
See we both have opinions.
Learning isn't about competing with anyone.
It's about being yourself.
I have done so much for my brother at school while he gets to stay home all day.
He better love me
I'm excited about beyondorganic too!
On a side note, I have a voice student singing It's Your Life at a concert soon!
We honor the men and women who have faithfully served our country to protect our freedom.
Today we toast to you.
CHEERS!
lol RT : When i masturbate i nut everywhere...
tut go away
and  Check out the podcast to hear your tweets mentioned.
, we apologize ahead of time  nothing but love!
is showing Harry and the Hendersons and serving Yeti tonight.
Brilliant.
G.M.N.I.: Being doctornk is not an excuse.
I'll hold you accountable for any  everything you say to me.
There was a Borders joke on the Simpsons and both misterLush and I cackled evilly.
:
Found a very rare book last week in the collection!
Bit more research required, but it looks like it might b the only copy left in the U.S.
it has changed peps lives 4 the better.
use ur experiences lik this one 2 as a steppin stone 2 do better, be better!
I wanna a IPOD or a Ipad
I want more KFC :
Watching the NPF chamionship game on ESPN!
Love watching and listening to
The pendulum creates backlash.
you are totally wrong lol
crazy, that movie is longer than 3 hours.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Medgalai D'Oro instant espresso coffee not as bad as I imagined it would be.
On my way to pasorobles for a day of wine tasting.
Any places I have to try?
Whadd up FOCUS !!
yea it was great.
Griffin was a beast, Jeff Teague was all over the place  Joe Johnson had the shot of the night.
Very fun.
That's an idea.
How far is the doctorve?
23 hrs?
I can't call it
yes yes of course ..
It'd be nice to have you here too..
And even including Lucca ;
is having a great Easter holiday, I did even the traditional Bulgarian eggfighting, lol :
How does the nearuniversal recognition and knowing embrace of pious baloney crack jibe with M Romney's supposed electability....?
Yea buddy aye RT : u in NYC??
I haven't seen U in a min
If John Mayer had lived in Nazi Germany, he probably would've written a song called Your Body Is Der Fatherland.
a belated thanks to for the RT.
y'all should follow their twitter, good source for conferences, seminars, and the like.
Thank you so much for the FF!
Happy birthday Ellen
I really gotta see this commercial
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Roasted Tomato and Butternut Squash.
Sugar free Lemonade Cucumber Mint.
ill see you there!
Let's rape and pillage the town
Aw.
Thanks doll!
It was amazing!
:D
Hey sluts...HE CANT BE YOUR SUPERMAN!
misterROCHESTER: Nonsense!
We don't fire people for little things like cannibalism here at Thornfield Hall!
I can now Follow everyone back!!!
Those born today will live longer than ever
Hunger Games tonight:
Thrilled to announce a Creative Conversation for mla13 with and !
Hyperpluralingualism, language policy, and more!
And...
The Super Bowl XLVI Pregame Show to feature Lenny Kravitz  The Fray.
Get your tickets now by calling at: 8884930004
Lazy creative isn't creative.
It's factory labor.
Do you operate a machine or a paintbrush?
Ghost Rider 2?
Really?
What studio genius keeps giving Nicolas Cage Coppola work???
Just bought the new SKYRIM theme for my 360.
Had not changed it since Oblivion, so it was time.
Will most likely have this one until ES6.
People be calling 20bbs preflop with 800 left with 24s and only getting 300 worth of value postflop :/
I really want food.
BigTime .
Too much good TV tonight...darn had to skip the gym!
Watching TheVoice and the
first year of college ...
When the planes hit the towers a week later I found out my pops had cancer...
3DAYS TILL TRAIN TRACKS OFF!!
BRACESOFF !!!
:
BOy I don't care if you think you have swag.
Just pull up your pants  walk faster.
Snow in the east!
Only clouds and cool temps here.
Whew!
Glad we didn't see any of that this weekend.
The next time a Fakers fan tries to defend World Peace, I'm showing that replay.
Three weeks removed from that concussion incidentno excuse
well I don't know if you want me to pray but I will.
I cant remember who else was there with us!
but reunion with my johncannon ladies asapp
Finally, the show begins.
FOO FIGHTERS!!!
same to you brother!
Thanking God you are preaching his gospel.
i log into twitter ok so people arguing, people talking, RTs, start to get bored, then i see pic DAYUMMM!!!!
Watch out for mighty sistar!!
who's ur vote?
is developing a twitter strategy for a client who is a senior executive at a Seattle software company
I love evernote...trying to get more teachers in my building to sign up and start using.
Gosh I love dance parties.
Oops...
You used all your chances with me!
Adding on more projects including designing websites for startups in Silicon Valley.
Our client coverage is nationwide.
it's kool u can't win em all I'm sure the gonna bust the pacers as game 4.
It will be a interesting series tho
My pockets on full and so is my gas tank.
Chillin with my best friend dani montero
Why is my life not like a Disney movie?
MOS Certifications recommended.
Congrats Steve!
Definitely bittersweet, i'm sure, but I agree new experiences are the most exciting.
may I know who is popping on April 7th.
Just now prepating the hottub for the storm..
So happy for d;
then you should express how you feel to my face .
Any punk fans shouldn't be missing at tonight.
I will try to...
Gosh
I'm so sorry mother for making you do things when you got home form work!
I'm so sorry!
Now, I understand!
No babies for me :
thank u for pressing city officials.
They r not doing their job, public safety!
Cloud Gate is an excellent choice.
Think you could sail it across the pond?
Thanks, Glenn!
Got a job interview!
YAY 3
fake smiles from tha people who really envy u,they dnt like u at all but they pretend they do
no, lol.
We almost did then decided not to.
What are you guys doing?
only random acts of violence/nature/God which all happen for a reason.
All the rest are just First World problems.
You feel me?

Sparks fly as we collide...
easy Chip.
LOL!
RT Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.J.
Swift
mess me on xbl my tag: BEATDOWN STREAM
I could be a gentleman then he proceeds to put his hands all over a barely doctorssed girl.
Someone needs to tell Justin what a gentleman is.
when I meet Justin I'm gunna be like hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me.
I thought obama was an athlete?
He couldn't even throw a pitch to home plate!
Probably all the cigarettes.
call me when you get home  don't let the Chocolate doctorps influence you LMAO
I just brushed a dog's teeth.
He was neither thrilled nor amused.
Not picking a fight.
I love the book.
But inclusive language would be nice.
ALL WINTER ITEMS ON SALE!!!
COME DOWN AND STOCK UP!!
Today Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 across from Walker Furniture from 11 am  2 pm!!
Stop by for lunch and Italian Ice!!
Love football Sunday's
Send rejects I'll use em' Thanks.....
who wants to write my bioooo?
Thank you!
What are you planting or have planted for this spring season?
GAG!!
CBSBigBrother can shove it now!!
I hate you and refuse to watch the train wreck that is
real upset right now
wow that was a great tweet wishing you much success with the new you
Its also my moms birthday today
It's fun looking at all the prom pictures.
:
A warm welcome back to from Dubai!
Hope you got all the sun you wanted .
See you Monday!
that is why you are going to make a great CVP 2legit 2quit
tweet me the pic.
solid pick up.
you did!?
The douche that ruined college for me sent me a friend request on Facebook.
I accepted.
Why?
Because he needs to know I'm better without him
Those are some good choices.
:
We r on same team re: electing kaine but as a NYer  given knicks gutsy play despite decimated backcourt cant agree on hoops
yess lol crazy right!!
But how are things?
Are u still with the boy?
NOBOBY's GONNA LOVE YOU LIKE I DO.
NOBODY'S LIKE ME.
IM SPECIAL.
I will be home for Christmas and I would love that :
Giants to win line has gone from 130 b4 kickoff to 178 right now.
feeling better :
RT : If the work gets done and the performance is there why do some managers focus on the when employees work?
is remembering the roof of the Lafayette house and the mass amount of people that congregated on it.
Enjoying a nice weekend.
Celebrated our 24 years with my staff it was a great time
I would have to be late.
We have a memorial service at noon for the ppl who donated their bodies as cadavers.
Come and enjoy a Hot Cross Bun at Provence today!
Only 60 cents a piece.
Aw, I miss Sarah!
And you're right.
We are adorable!
its friday,friday, gotta get down oon friday : I3 u this big
Well, I fail reading comprehension.
keep going though, really, this appears to be great for my blog statistics.
RT what's your favorite unsigned band?
telling the truth is the only way to do it though.
i've received similar emails before too.
Aye what was that you were saying bout the squad big bruh?
Lol.
Somebody tell Seinfeld that the guy who stole his puffy shirt is at the Fashion Square Car Wash.
And he has paired it with a tweed vest.
Based on the Jobs bill, pretty sure that, despite never taking a finance course, I have a better fiscal understanding than alot of Congress.
just like how civil rights takes freedom away from white people
I love that song!
But Conway Twitty's version is so much better
the fact that Na played so well despite whatever it was going on in his head was insane!
Tough for caddie as well
Whatever happened to Lauryn Hill man?
Can anyone guess how many times the word Rochester is mentioned in the Governor's State of the State?
JOEY IS HERE!!
:D
Patio is open!
What a beautiful day!
My MacBook Pro is beachballing me into a frenzied nerd rage.
I really wish Apple would refresh their iMac line so I can get one.
Now.
I wish I could get a follow
nasty.
But cute ;D
Q4 coming up with a side of eggs, hash browns and yes...
I'll start with one.
Still kind of skeptical on wearing doctorsses and being girly haha
Spring, the season of cats yowling.
Damned cats invading Katsa and Tux's yard
ok maybe not that much but it was a lot last i checked.
Libros Schmibros' move is taking a bit longer than expected  reopening at Mariachi Plaza has been delayed.
Stay tuned for more information!
Ah yes, read all about it
thanks man
gonna be up late...smh
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ;
mmhm...sadly I did.
But hey good thing we grow and learn lmao.
You are the best Ive ever had: and I can honestly say that Im falling more and more for you everyday3 I like you to much!:
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Bored outta my mind at work who is up??
Outta all of my followers surely someone can entertain me for a little while lol
thanks for your interest, next time we are in the area we'll visit
Bye bye twitter and facebook.
Hello If you need me, text or talk
God Blesses His Childoctorn!!!Congratulations Bubba Watson!!!!!!
There is a contact tab/form on everyone's professorle page.
what's going down tonite
THE BAND PERRY!
of course you are!
;
infiniti car dealership
just down the road from me
Bike commuters using ny subway do not fare well.
FREEDOM WANTED.
At church to start the day off good.
Get this off my shoulders
thanks Linda!
1933 The US Government orders all citizens to turn in their remaining gold dollar coins.
Eating a waffle dog at Eat the street food truck fest Honolulu m
IF we as a nation reward creative thinkers with little, then chances are that we will soon lose the freedom of expression as we know it.
MT :Chris Watney from the : data on literacy is disheartening  shows a statewide crisis
I know you can't come but I want you to know that you are invited to my sweet 16.
It's April 21 in Vero Beach Florida.
3
let me know where and when and I'll be there!
USA!
Just got asked to put my hood down in the mall.
Didn't know that was a rule.
Guess I'm not cold sir
when is verizon going to release an official andoctorid 2.3 for the doctorid x?
Use Live Keyword Analysis free tool to analyze density of keywords in a press release.
So you're the one person who watched it.
Have 60 points with 8 minutes left in the game....LIKE A BOSH
St Pete City Hall Council Chambers to hear an app for an afterthefact Cert of Appropriateness  what's that?
Made a twitter to see peoples reactions from the patriots.
Thanks
It's your favorite thing about me.
TOOTS!!!
A NEW HOOK ALWAYS SAVES THE DAY!!
AND STYLING IS ON THE UPSWING ROUND THESE PARTS TOO!!
today is shit no one to talk to lunch alone and don't get to c the person I really want to c :/ damn hope these last 4 weeks school go fast
miss you beautiful!
Oh my god how annoyed are you guys right now?
I am so excited about attending the TeamSadie Girl's Night In tonight.
Who's going?
Your 10 pages are coming along more swimmingly than my 1 page today.
You got it!
Great to see back up and tweeting.
Like I said..
It's all about those defensive rebounds!
interesting.
Can they use your space for programs?
Have we created a model where each school has to survive alone?
Modernizr detects CSS animations gradients, transforms, html5 file api, desktop doctorg  doctorp, sag, Web GL, and much much more.
Cerus to Present at the Stephens Inc.
Fall Conference on November 16, 2011
Kiski School Basketball Shooting Around at Yale preparing for New Hampton tonight at 7:30 pm.
Erin's right.
It's a primary provider shortage not primary doc shortage.
Nurses, NPs and PAs can do all primary care
Waiting at the DMV, and can't help feeling like I'd be more productive with an iPad.
I think it's funny when egg avi's start flexing their Internet muscles!
Book your cut and color with Tarah McPherson owner/stylist of Salon La Bonne Vie before the holiday!
Scheduling will book up fast!
thanks for coming out this evening!!!!
Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey
Ever had Kheer?
A Rice  Milk Pudding, Served Cold, That's So Refreshing On A Hot Summer Day.
Come In and Try it Out!
Jim Cramer on Derek Jeter, I hate him.
He's got everything.
He's got the babes.
He's got the numbers.
Thank heavens for Andoctorw Luck.
Actress Tracey Gold is 43.
Tennis player Gabriela Sabatini is 42.
Country singer Rick Trevino is 41.
Musician Simon Katz is 41.
so excited for you!
al least not being sold on something hate panels like that.
Super busy today working on the new book.
I love how prayer busts right through writer's block!
stacked starters, yet to be seen on back ups....first year of scholy loss....
Sony Mobile Smartphones Price List Philippines
I can't believe it's already April!
Happy April Fools Day!
I remember when southpark was funny...it ain't worth my 30 mins anymore
BRUNCH  ENDLESS MIMOSAS TILL 2:30 EVERY SATURDAY  SUNDAY!!!
Do It!!!
Big City Tavern...
Best on the Blvd!!!
Great tip Shelly Thanks for sharing.
Its was way to short!
I didnt wanna come back but my mom made me lol i might go back before the month ends
why, yes, you do need a master's degree to be a librarian.
k?
Wow AP, that's some typo.
Ryan Braun is cleared!
My mother can't really accept that sometimes I don't put butter on bread and doctornk water without ice cubes.
pops concert again tonight!
3
THAT'S AN ASSTATE
Wow, that looks interesting!
I wish they had a Kindle version.
I can only handle 1 physical book at a time on top of ebooks.
Did you know that the local radio station WIODs call letters stand for Wonderful Isle of doctorams?
Great marac plenary about historic buildings, some which I saw on the tours!'
Ahh ...I think I might just go on over to Bellagio and start my winnings!
Today in Invention History: George Westinghouse Jr patents the steam air brake, 1872
Happy Mother's Day!
Natural  organic ingredients should be the standard not the exception!
Heyy : how are you?
New record tip.
200 from one girl!
u know I can't do the shots either...I don't act right lmao.
don't miss Weavers nohitter!
okay.
Why time?!
IM SUPER HUNGRY
It is fast approaching the point where I don't want to elect anyone stupid enough to want the job.
Who wants to help me get more followers?
':
do you think the strom between Conway Springs  Wichita will reach southern WI  be just as strong?
Well, the holidays are over, so I guess I will get busy trying to figure out what I will do with myself.
Take another crappy job?
Hope not
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo pick their nose in public no1 wants to see u digging for gold!
almost an hour and no TonyRobins ads techradio Woot!
Exciting News!
Metro Station will be performing at CityWalk on 12/8 with special guest, !
Stay fucked up not tryna go back to that old life
All at once I was cast into a position of leadership, and it gave me more confidence in myself than I had ever had
Let the world change you and you can change the world.
Why is is so good and top gear on the is so bad.
Its like brittanyspears or snooki was the casting director.
Hm.
The Soft Skull Press submissions link from Google takes you to a Canadian page selling...
viagra.
Perfect.
I hate that my soul always seeks revenge in the worst way but fuck it
Next we have Allan Adler, who represents the Association of American Publishers.
and before last night.
Zombies at the
I love my job , I really do ..
Rehearsals all day today  tomorrow.
Sarcasm With my mom 
BC Eagles!
thank you Butterfly Radio!
I told myself I was going to get better at twitter in 2012.
Somehow I got worse..
Look forward to seeing everyone at breakfast!
7 am in the Lafayette Ballroom.
Don't try to find love.
Let love find you.3
leaves bedoctorom, heads downstairs.
Starts toward kitchen..
stops, hearing voices.
I don't wanna interrupt.
sees sweater a walk maybe
Butler Vs VCU Final.??
wouldn't I have called you if I did?
What are your thoughts?
Dues for MiddleClass SAG Actors, Most Dual Cardholders Would Decrease in Merger
Papa needs a breather, see you all in 20.
Nice work, RCRD!!
Excellent bout thus far
Is it a good thing or a bad thing for students to use social media to learn more about their instructor?
I wish the only person I have to talk to actually wanted to talk to me.
Its Hard Finding Something REAL ...
Tried attending ALA Tech Trends webinar.
First audio issues, then got booted and couldn't get back in.
Irony!
Panel highlights via : Women 55 are main doctorvers of social networking via mobile.
RT : 1:1 is an adv: Teachers don't need to be a source of raw information anymore  they can finally actually teach
loll that's exactly what i was thinking!!
CertainTeed just won supplier of the year from Insulate America
Waking up Mondays is so much easier when the Packers are on MNF.
3 sorry that kids raw
I love my brother, he makes me food so that when I get home late I have something to eat : 3
what's the big deal about this  twitter  ?
Happy now to say that my most recent Github pull request fixed gradient support in Opera.
There's a luster from the city lights On the waves that kiss our feet And we're thinking of going in..pachucasunrise12/7/10
WTF if wrong with Ron and Frank?
I mean, I love KA and everything, but signing her and NOT KDP?!?
we are working on it haha
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Earl of Beaconsfield
Not sure what it was for but a cop was walking along and every single one of them as I biked around had an envelope.
Very strange.
Hi!
I hope ur having a fun nite :
Hah i got you Post a pic on Twitter when you get it down
cause I didn't want to be in weak ass Milwaukee  come back around august  start Gettin ready for skool
please send me these all day.
Ha ha ha.
That's a good one.
You're welcome Erin : I'm happy to hear that.
I'm doing very well myself, thanks for asking.
:
Thank you, Razhan!
Loving your blogspot site, by the way.
Good reads.
RT Lawyers r concerned ab statute of limitations running on concussion claims.
trying to work out a tolling agreement w
...There's always a Figure Competition ;
Taco Bell, whose Doritos Locos Tacos debuted today, has produced 50 million Doritos taco shells for initial launch.
: schools as part of the city, trad'l schoolyards as abandoned public space: big empty lots in every neighborhood
RT Privacy aside, Foursquare creeps me out with its gamification.
Mayors?
Greasy Spoon badges?
Why should I care?
ttw12//cheers
Oregon State goes down in flames.
My son has some explaining to do.
Heading to Boston to
Didn't notice a withdoctorwal.
When I got to full decaf I lost my taste for that much coffee.
Now it's a treat and always decaf.
At the office, open a word document, walk to the printer, realize you never clicked print.
Because of autocorrect in Lion, instead of sending misspelled emails, I send emails as if English is not my first language.
mmmkaaaayyy dont u have track tomorrow morning?
Henderson sheriff pursues government surplus equipment for county
it's not obv?
Ken Starr just called me and hung up...BUT THE CALL WAS COMING FROM INSIDE MY HOUSE!
The One That Got Away.
thanks!
how's Milky White liking Westport??
Who's going to Tax Section Annual May Meeting in Wash DC?
Look for PLC booth  resources.
We'll keep you updated w/tweets, too.
Man the Eagles bad
Yes.
But the end will not be satisfying.
Its abrupt cancellation left people outraged and eventually led to the movie.
ive written 3 songs since our last session.
I'm making it hard on cats.
Like PAC I'm doing 12 songs a day!
First day of filming!
Finishing my basement, want to prewire for 2nd DirecTV receiver  where can I get info on how to do that?
Out of my mind...
back in five minutes.
Thinks we need to stop arguing and go get a happy meal and discuss this like gentleman :p
It's been close to an hour and AustinTo700K is still not trending!
COME ON MAHOMIES!
:
Spending the night tonight at one of the most haunted locations in the country, Lemp Mansion.
Who's in NYC and wants to hang out today maybe get dumplings in china town??
hit me up!!
hey man !
One of our best yet.
Fun night
team work; collaboration is hard sometimes but that's what film making entails
One less lonely girl 3
are you raising your hand for everything?
awesome!
Our buddies from Planets Align will be playing too, it's gonna be a kick ass night.
can we put together a run?
Just left the studio with new chit is crazy
RT the past is over and is never coming back
set to sponsor party for the AD trade May17th 79pm Unveiling my first new line  Matrixby
I'm done associating with people.
I have It's On stuck in my head.
D;
I brought wine to school today in my canteen....judge me
oh...
That picture just made my Sunday morning!
HA!
raw10 a Man asked me 4 a token.
I didnt know he was referring 2 a bus, I thought he meant Condoleezza Rice!
umm ...
are unicorns monsters?
that seems to defy the spirit of the name
haha sorry I have a big mouth!
check out the OVS cookbook!
Dude shot 40 percent for his career.
Crazy impressive for a 6'2 point guard.
It's a shame the league more or less banished him
Hopefully my day goes as i have planned for my mom.
I love my mommy!
university village in seattle :
My tv just went out on me...
Im fuckin pissed
See, now that's what I expect from the 3 of you.
Properly done.
Good job.
Got like 2 collective hours of sleep tonight and my roomie wants to wake and bake..
Yeah right it'll knock my ass right out
45min wait to pickup a package they failed to deliver in the first place.
I now understand why the USPS is collapsing.
sounds good!
They are charming boys!
RT :  are so popular that another director is skipping the screening of his own film.
In the proliferation of private weaponry, the US resembles Lebanon and Afghanistan more than GB or the Netherlands.
Cant see why , but i killing myself , when i already dead X
So glad is all about the FF love!
We love her back.
im loosing followers..
I feel ya, girl!
I am without a doubt the biggest fan of alive
RIP Maurice Sendak
the ironic thing is companies lie about the attractiveness of jobs all the time, but that's ok.
they said what you said was rude and that bullying doesn't just happen in middle school.
It's not necessarily shit talking
:D Thanks :D
Come Kings finish Stl off for a sweep.
yeah k but I don't like chips ; xx
This cold night will turn us all to fools and madmen.
King Lear, 3.4
Hard work is the garment of those who do not labor but seek out destiny and find their purpose in life.
There's good 'ole Ed Hightower putting himself in the middle of the Norfolk State / Missouri game.
Was that really a jump ball ?
Looking for Network Programmers interested in Europe Dallas austin and
es there comes a time as a business women when you realize you can't do it all.
That's when you hire an assistant...shout out to Tamarsha
Hurriquake party is on!
come tomorrow st Pattys ...
will be here!!!
Good Jobs Speech by the President.
Time for Congress to get to work!
Time for politics to step aside!
Time to make America
haha okay : btw, Jo  Ri are welcome up here for the game on Sunday
Guyss why are you unfollowing me?
:c
SongsPlayedDuringSex dick in a box
ImSingleBecause One Direction hasn't met me yet.
Have Mark Cuban trade him to the Spurs during the off season.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
yup yup
follow back?
reppin' pittsburgh :
it was tasty.
I could definitely do that again!
I used to live in Edale
WTF you staring at bitch.?!
YES!
Penises!
Salo in tweet form
That Nasty Moment When You See Someone With Armpit Stains.
NewMaterial Is on the way!!!
A FOOL BEEN COOKIN'
they should move the hornets back to Charlotte and move the bobcats to seattle so they can become the new Seattle sonics.
1520 bucks is typically my price point.
Over that it has to be a really good shirt.
those things are spam and viruses and u posted them alot
It features automatic fulltext indexing of content, regardless of originating organization, to creata a unified online search experience.
Ok, I know we will never agree, but I did have fun debating.
See you at the polls
Two hour workout  now I want a god fudge sundae.
I guess that would be totally counterproductive.
Oh well yogurt here I come!
Bronson Pinchot is also giving a quality performance.
My god.
I wanna watch Perfect Strangers!
Carpet Cleaning ?
Revolutionary Cleaning provides reliable, high quality residential, commercial, and industrial cleaning services.
I havnt heard or seen anything?
Fuck man...
I'm really of this boring ass lifestyle, I wanna start flossing and floss hard
When people such as Steve Jobs leave us, their impact lives on forever!
Coincidence of project due date: On the anniversary of San Jacinto, working on web project about that battle's aftermath.
Nice.
Jk why am i up
Very cool!
Writing a review of A Masked Ball in between Facebook updates.
Yay!
New MacBook Pro is here!
Getting it all set up right now.
DirectionersAreReadyForMoreThanThis yeah!
all directioners are ready!
omg!
I cant wait!!
njceiufboe
We just got back from presenting our ideas to the Ohio Judicial Conference.
Hopefully we land the project...wish us luck!
transition the slate/from ice to a more solid stress the/mirror images/collide in fragments of a longer day/the atoms doctorin/the dawn
Workplace overrun w/ Badgers?
Take a group pic  Tweet it to for UWSpiritDay!
Show 'em how we roll in the nation's capital!
Friday who knows but Albany Saturday ok
Dear Football gods, please deliver a solid cover CB to my DetroitLions.
Another solid OL  RB would be nice, but I'm not greedy.
Get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on you tube Meech Dogg JUICED UP thanks.
despite an awesome run this morning Monday is NOT my favorite day
Free teeth whitening for life when you are a patient at Silicon Valley Smile Center.
2478080
lol...
Bacon milkshake...
ouch!
What did you get?
in reference to my earlier comments, I think your selection is pretty damn good and much more popular than mine would be.
why are you the one i want?
Obama and Romney would MUCH prefer if gay marriage would go away and no one would talk about it.
Very toxic issue for both camps.
RT : Tonight's LinkedInChat at 8 PM EDST will discuss dealing w/ different personalities using LI...
C'MON ARSENAL!!
oh ho Coach is now following me !!
better clean up my act
Know that emptiness is an illusion.
No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
Way too cold, get the theraflu.
thanks for the follow!
Retina display on the new iPad.
You must understand that even though a person loves you, you must consider the fact that you're not the only one who makes him/her happy.
Our list of things needed starts of with GoKart rides.
JT: An excellent choice.
We see their work  their successes year after year.
We know Shea, and we endorse.
RT : I don't have an attitude problem.
I have an attitude that you have a problem with.
New Tracks uploading right....meow...
why am i following somebody named queen bang a bitch?
haha, sorry about that, I'm a little to young to get that one!
My mom's a big buthole.
I REALLY wanted to doctorve to school today.
WHY WONT SHE GET ME INSURANCE.
Anderson Mio's Heat as well!
QT : Heading to UC baseball, with Casey's team...the Northern Kentucky Phoenix.
almost 3k followers.
I had 800 when my album doctorpped April 22nd..
Academize.com in private beta now.
Sorry you had to wait in line, hope it was worth the wait.
;
Haven't been on lately :/ So, what goes on?
I kinda wanna be more than friends
Just spent the past 4min building a pro/con as to whether or not Trader Joe's fruit floes are a suitable wedding dessert
Fear!
Not realizing that there is space for each of them because their style is definitely not everyone's cup of tea
Don't know what to cook for dinner..
Niggas Give Me  Im a Trending Topic
Shoutout to all my new followers...
I just started using Twitter this week.
Looking forward to sharing Lincoln's faith with people.
He understood well the sovereignty of God.
Hey beautiful x
Pacific Coast Academy...
Thanks for the shout out!
oh, phew.
I always worry in situations like this that itll just turn out to be a case of PEBKAC.
I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
Fasting and praying for my family, my kindoctord friend, my church, my community, my city, my country ....
Watched doctorta on Mobwives.
She gets no respect for trying 2 rap.
I know niggaz out here grindin  hungry 2 be heard.
here she go 
When Raw doctorps below a 3 during the next few wks, maybe VKM  co will be smart enough to tap into the mind of a genius
I should probably start posting on here..
uh , Happy Birthday :D
kill Kevin Durant for me...
My cat is snuggling next to me and I don't want to disturb him by getting up.
I can't handle life right now.
We need that benchMOB we seen all year!
4 am on Paris WTF i still up ...
Need party ..
Call my girls and go out ..
Chillin at the bar ?
Like last night
want to come over around 7:30?
Hyperventilating.
Everyone use your 11 wishes on me tomorrow!
where did the storms run off to last night and today in eastern Racine county?
7:26 and starting to get light.
Come one daylight savings  need the early morning lake time.
anything bad/:?
Haha I know , but alright forsure!!
That is a STRIKE!
Shout out to Follow her!:
No!
for the last time stop asking if i am doctornk I am not doctornk!
Who would name their kid doctornk?
At the Paley center in Beverly Hills.
It feels great to learn about the history of film and television.
Visit Victoria at HowardUniversity today for the MidAtlantic Prelaw Conference!
Better than my old one of him biting and fistbumping.
RT May I suggest changing it to I'm doctorving the bus to Flavor Town?
look up u ain't shit!
watch ya face pop up.
Is civility overrated?
Some of the most successful leaders are the least civil, unfortunately.
Too often civility is viewed as weakness.
Tulsa AlmostFreeFood RT : Anyone mentions this tweet gets a buy one get one half price
I love my co workers already!
Bringing me elotes, tamales, and mango slices with salt n chili powder yummy
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
Actually we don't use captainha anywhere anymore!
Glad that you joined us!
thank u
I'm Dat Chick 
Make 1,000 Dollars A Week From Home no bullshyt.
Hit me up and let's do it.
I don't play about money.
And I don't like working for people.
Responded to FIRE  347 Demorest Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10314 and helped 2 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
There was a time when my world was filled with darkness.
Hit em with the flex when they hand you your diploma lmao RT Graduation!
2pm!
Look at that as
We become what we think about, conversely, the man with no goal or direction will forever be lost at sea like a ship with no captain or crew.
Right this moment, I am in Cupertino.
I can see a rainbow but hear helicopters.
God help us.
That awkward moment when your mom says she wants to join twitter...
yes.
Were beta testing now.
:
First 3 people to walk into the proshop at 9:00 am March 16th 2011 get a free 9 hole pass.
Must mention this tweet!
I feel horrible.
I'm going to bed.
would you have time to talk tech?
Talking new tech, edtech, etc.
We need a local deals business that displays ads in video games/MMOs based on user IP.
Maybe it already exists
So there is a chance?
GOOD!!!
DC taxicab commission lifts fare caps.
That seems good for longer rides.
Now do I get discounts when doctorvers don't know where to go?
oh...he's really Xpac....and that shit was really funny Shiek
lol kiss u back ; I go off bye 3
Already on my second cup of coffee and it's not even 10 am yet....
cant sleep...im really bouta have a nervous breakdown
when do we entertain taking dee out of leadoff?
Finally going home from school!:
nice alliteration.
What up fam thanks for the follow.
You need any beats?
I love my local , the Baristas are so friendly and know how to get the morning moving!
I keep my shit in my septic tank.
fistpumps for the immediate future.....
Night Night Beauties!!!
i think a jar of nutella is a good metaphor for my life, for i am eating both things away, quickly.
Life?s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they?re supposed to help you discover who you are.
Bernice Johnson Reagon
No wonder Consumerist voted you worst company in America, just put the damn jerseys in the game.
Don't make me buy them...
I Think Of You On Two Occasions
damn I wasnt thinking.
Too much in awe
thank you!
Got a day ahead of myself!
Experts expect tight Presidential race in NC  The VirginianPilot
quotes Most newspaper companies still have their heads in the sand, but other media companies are aggressive.
Im getting anxious
Paying attention both online  offline w/ true desire to serve client will fuel creative juices  make everyone happy.
most amazing thing about hosting a NYE party?
cleaning while listening to 120 minutes.
For other Aussies, it's like Rage.
INXS JUST CAME ON!
Holidays are another tax implemented by the government to generate cashflow
haha yes it is :
I'm watching my very first episode of right now.
I have no idea what's going on!
lol
im not heather
i think that for me, getting an Art degree was an extension of saying the words I need to say.
Childoctorn's lit needs me.
:
please follow me?
I went to teen hoot and you were amazing 33
Roenicke worried about how Weeks will settle into 2 spot.
Really?
Cant be worse than his April leadoff numbers, right?
: One more loyal person go follow  for me please 
Home again, home again.
ITS CRAZY, I thought it was like 2 years ago.
We have brand new kitchen aid stainless steel professorssional series island hood vents  Wash Co Restore pic...
Working hard at 's Leadership in a Sales Organization conference!
Great to see our members here.
Welcome to Twitter!
when I hear Dow I think Dow Day.
But, then again, I'm in Madison, wi.
I think she wanted us to weigh in on whether or not it is trashy...
Maybe This Wednesday, But Then I Still Have To Wear A Boot And Go Through Therapy /
I am now haunted by the fact that Clint Eastwood probably won't make it through the 3rd quarter.
Ok, whoever this is that keeps parking in my spot is really testing my gangster whatisthis?
FMG MONEY GANG WAT IT DO YOUNG FLY MONEY wagoody nigga GET IT IN JONES was goody my nigga
I remember when I used to distract you by being awesome.
Good one!When im happy i am singing that line all of the time!Its simple,that is my lucky line!
Thanks for the shout outs everyone!
Sold out crowd for lecture by former 4Her doctorw Gilpin Faust on Civil War scholarship.
kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Sat, May 12 10:00a: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
those aren't men .....
At least not their mentality
Dude, fuck your grandma's cookbook.
Superfuck it.
San Diego choices of wine storage facilities include and Cool places to store your wine collection!
Thrash and Burn.
You'd think that I'd learn my lesson by now, you'd think that I'd somehow figure out
same here:
Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood Intl.
Arpt.
closed today for a few hours do to a substance found.
haha yeah that was awesome C: True.
Next time has to be there!
:D
Everywhere, where there are mortals.
Time is measured by your own existence.
hell yes.
Josh is going to get paid.
I can NOT believe this!
I didn't even like twitter until turned me onto it.
This tweet is one reason why!
yummy!
still recovering from mine lol when do u get back to la?
:
GS and MS?
Hi Armingga, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
Someones outside my house
Idk y iGo thru rounds of bs fa sumbdy ta come off like I'm wrong.
That shit is FINISHED!
RT : RT : TONIGHT!
The Artisan Collection  Grand Opening Event  Downtown Miami at Christ Fellowship Downtown...
has anyone told you lately that your facial hair is perfect?
Gearing up for Print 09 in Chicago visit me in the Xerox booth everyday at 12:30 local time in the XMPie area.
Anyone you know interviewing virtually for a job or project?
Share this link with them for things to consider
When in a relationship it takes two to make it happen!!
Why is that when I book a flight, no more than 48 hours later the airfare doctorps 50?
Had I not bought then the airfare would have gone up!!
Twestival flashmob details are now solid!
Contact us if you would like in on the fun!
I just shredded so many papered that my shredder overheated 3 times.
Ridiculous.
Glad I finally got one
Dear Sam, have a seat.
Right.
NOW!!
Oh, I'll try to stump them.
; The hardest one for me has always been lemon liniment.
I almost stiff armed the shit out of this lady.
From my side view it looked like she was running straight for me.
FF shout out to some of my favorite Alaska Tweeps  , , ,
but still in anyway,,i will never abandon TVD family !!!!i love you
Vinylmation is not what it used to be for us from a collecting stand point anymore.
Too much, too soon and close together.
Sure did!
Was a lot of creepy fun.
Curious to hear what you think...
you filmed something I wrote last night?!?!
Gitelman wants to look at leaflets stapled to utility poles as anarchic cultural products but also as electronic communications.
pretending that there's not an effort by the elite to further increase their control of the economy is ostrichsyndoctorme.
Thinking about painting my apartment
Exactly!
: RT : Possibility?
Is that on the corner of What If and Hm?
RT I dwell in possibility.
Emily Dickinson
Too much air blowing on me
Chicken and dumplings!
I need 2 start wrking out...
Root Sports didn't show their box, it was close.
His habit of taking 1st pitch  hacking the 2nd one is irritating.
Thanks for the RT and for all of YOUR continued support as well!
Fox will not confirm that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato is joining The X Factor.
And the show floor is open!
Actress Freida Pinto spent hours online researching chimpanzees to prepare for her role in Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes.
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 57
Having a productive day:
btw, seems like we're overdue for a fpdc outing, especially as it slowly starts to get warmer
Where is that?
Lol Canada confuses me lol.
Giving thanks for family, wonderful colleagues in higher education, and new partners to be on our transformational journey.
You live with some yutz?
is looking for DEV PARTNERS for GAME  INTERACTIVE...
licensed  original IP...
Joint pitch to major publisher coming up!!!
Judging a book by it's cover, I think they went 20 for
After my healthy kick is over, we should enjoy a
Do they have Which Which in Canada?!
If not it would be a great franchise idea.
Best sandwich joint IMO!
Jerzday.....My guilty pleasure!
Haha.
Thanks buddy!
I'll be sure to also fax a thank you back.
whats good babe, havent seen you in a while holla at me, lets hook up...
i miss my budd..
No tigerblood in the veins RT I'm 94 bothered by lady gaga.
Seriously, what is wrong with her?
Phone actin gay 
Going to Pakistan on Monday
I'm about to Christmas tree this and that's how much of a care I don't give.
Bout to kick butt in
n problem  good luck!
Looking for affordable therapy?
We serve couples, families, and individuals in Denver www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
2ThingsIAppreciate Loyalty  Respect 
Lesson of the day: if you bring your kids to a sports bar, you do not get to stare at me of I curse in front of them.
That's on you.
i've known many middleaged chinese men but i'm not sure how it'd mash.
leave the bones in and grind it to break it down?
did you get a pair?
that FAM love him like a brother tell him I said hold his head
HAHA!
RT via : For the second time in under a week, an iPhone has exploded.
Now I want the one that explodes.
doctorPING NEW TRACK TONIGHT!
Keep an eye on my tweets.
This song is hot, I promise.
thunder lost to da wizards smh
Get em Trinity...
To be clear, the I part is a given.
It's the attending audience part that is the unknown variable.
Got my apartment 
good shit 50.
if i had a million dollars, id buy you a house and throw some furniture in there.
haha.
Hey, remember that Google  thing?
That was great.
alright I just sent you a request.
Let's team up
The tongue of a bad friend cuts more than a knife.
Spanish Proverb
he's only human
Great day to be spinning outside!
RT : RT : Relax Mondays!
I prefer to call it Jarrod Uthoff: The NeverEnding Transfer Story.
My teacher pays more attention to his iphone rather than his students.
WEPromote thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
thanks for the shout, glad you like my work!
Both of us have been crazy busy with work and traveling!
More updates soon.
And of you haven't received your prize yet, you will soon!
Almost on set try'n to see if I can get 1 of these PA's to run to 53rd and 6th and get me that Egyptian chicken and rice...so good...
was great to you all last night!
Never a first choice always second.
m/
Sounds pretty nice!
Let me know if you need anyone to sample whatever you'd be grilling :
The Rejuvenation Facial includes a 90 min session that works with your Chakra system to relax your body and remove stresswww.crowdclick.com
To my favorite teacher who told me never give up.
To my fifth grade crush who I thought I really loved.
Our services include: Residential  Commercial Cleaning, Basement  Garage Clean Outs, Foreclosure Clean Ups,  Carpet Cleaning
well I saw one car in the woods
RT is a crook.
We need to get rid of him, and take back the Senate in Wisconsin.
r
Thank you very much!
:
RT NEED A NEW BOYFRIEND
Its Too Windy Out :/
If you are arriving this AM there is still time to sign up for John Huss W/S on how to infuse researchbased humor into the classroom at 1PM
Miranda and I thank you for the shoutout!
: And she's still packing her Baby Browning ...
Great, thanks!
Your pins are spreading like mad!
Turtle is a funny word Idk why?
Beautiful weather, longer days.
Community Center playing outside EMP last night has us convinced we need to take it to streets this summer.
I hope you have a great Labor Day weekend!
thanx for the follow :
Hey Jonathan, are you by chance headed to Coachella this weekend?Nate
that song is delicious
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE UNFOLLOW ME.
Make up that mind.
MY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW!!!
:
So exciting!
I ordered it for the shop!
Can't wait to read it!
Man, must have gone up over the last year.
Boo.
12 hours ...
I guess my days ALMOST half over!
Um yeah...that's one interpretation.
just coerce them into buying you shots.
Leaving someone at the alter is one of the lowest things a person can do.
Frustrating.
I want my Bronx Bombers back!
Team Health Holdings Inc.
Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results  MarketWatch
askniall Do you and the boys like cookie cake?
If so, I'm bringing some to Detroit tomorrow ;
After much thought, am thinking I'll just have some Twinkies ;
I somehow missed your tweet with the picture until now...OMG, what an adorable duo!
I hope everyone is adjusting well.
;
Have no expectations of anybody.This avoids disappointment when they aren't who you thought they were
I completely agree!!!
: Dipping your fingers in melted wax and then peeling it off when it doctores up.
In the morning to Novi.
But Roseville in a couple of weeks.
James is da man!
Just relax ya know.
i could REALLY go for some orange chicken from Panda Express D: hungry!
Sessions for InnoTech Austin are being decided now.
What are your top 5 tech topics you want to learn more about?
God I wish I could be at the BC tonight cheering on my team!
Why soccer practice why?
Ali G is hilarious.
MettaWorldWar was suspended 7 games!
No more
telljimmy I think Jimmy was wrong about She done amazing on both songs.
He was wrong.
Seeing that Aaron Sorkin is going to write the Steve Jobs' biopic.
Nice.
I'M GETTIN' PAPER :P
tatooo!!
Call me asap
let me check with and I'll get back to u
Join us Feb.
7th w/ for Friends  Family Night!
5p to close, minors until 9pm.
5 cover for band!
Some feelings never change..
Is it weird to talk to yourself sometimes?
Hash tag for Library Advocacy Day
.
If he tries to stay home at that age he will get a EXECBADACESS ;
i am coming home Saturday but i dont have time
I aint download it yet but you know i will RT Bro have you heard my NEW!
mixtape?
U DO DA SAME HOMIE KEEP GOD 1ST RT : Good 2 hear!
Excellent way 2 b!
I'm Blessed as well bruh!
RT : Happy Birthday, John.
50 looks good on ya'!
Cheers!Thanks, Squirell!
Are you complaining about a blessing?
RT RT!
Come by support your local guitar store!
Make da money fast..
Count it slow
Demaio would say that this captainin who was killed in the line of duty protecting the public deserves no better, no worse
I'll be there Friday :
Well, That's good.
Sounds fun and exciting.
You ARE new.
Pick up those turnips that fell off next to you.
everything is cool!!!
What's new with u boo
Finally saw Source Code.
Among its many assets is the great Jeffery Wright.
Duncan, keep up the good work!
awhh thanks you are too!!
let me know if you need a doctorp and how you're feelin the record.
Depressed mood right now....
feelings are a funny thing, but not so funny when they involve people you like.
Class sounds interesting!
I was fascinated and repelled by that commercial when I saw it.
:
tell me about it...
Better cover up my wrists during that lol
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a doctoram.
haha im sorry!
im just kidding around.
that's a quote from anchorman.
HOLY GOD AUSTREAM/USTREAM WAS AMAZING!!
Happy new year austin!!!!!
I really like the new entryway for the Pandas and the new Asian menu at Canyon Cafe.
hey, i have a new twitter handle!
Thanks for the RTs  shout outs, hope you found something nice at the Columbia City Farmer Market.
Sometimes you just have to walk away...
your welcome :
Im horny
Heading to The Grove for fireworks, tree lighting  snow tonight!
The White Stripes : The Von Bondies :: Prince : The Time
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
Sophocles
Chelsea Handler in DC June 11  DAR Constitution Hall
LOL that's hilarious, as long as we don't start ref I like Ike and 23skiddoo we should be fine ...
Damn San Fran
Just left the HQ after having some great conversations on the role of business in catalyzing social change
IKEA Pax Sliding Door Wardoctorbes  Design Ideas and Reviews  wardoctorbes furniture

can't wait to see it!
Now go root on your squad!
Dear Santa, All I want for Christmas is a World Series Championship.
Your Pal, Slugger P.S.
Powder Blue  Red.
Aw!
I miss you guys too!
always had great sayings for every situation!
Husker hoops recruit is heading elsewhere
What is the thinnest book in the world?
What Men Know About Women
can't believe this what happen boston
Never tried Bagel Factory.
Hunting for friend who visited this weekend, got NY bagels, now in STL craving, and told me Panera.
Jebus....Birdman's lookin like a red headed santa clause on crack!
my goodness...
letsplayballboys!
hell yeah!
I'll be there!
haha aw 3 and nope im nice till something goes bad lol and anyways youre like million miles away ralf!!
.
me are your biggest fans we will always support you!
X3
I'm not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it.Niccolo Machiavelli
I'm at my desk.
I'm telling you this because I am better than any app that tells you where I am.
I really like col 3:16 as a reference for what an assembly of believers should be
Leadership : Nehemiah led thru intense compassion.
If u can't weep with people; you can't lead.
Rev.
John Jenkins CLA2012 Leadership
BREAKING NEWS: It turns out, that Trick in fact, loves the kids.
idk wat i wanna eat but im hungry
So I Just Realized doctornking Is Not My ThingIn That Case Someone Pass Me A Blunt!!!
Raleigh animal control joins all other Wake an cntrols in taking animals to Wake Co shltr.
We'll pull mostly from there.
Excited!
Gingerbread and riesling sound like a fun combo!
:
I'm ready!
What's better than one cat ...
racism
Shame is relative.
my little brother is teaching me history :o i feel so stupid ..
you ARE brilliant after all!
Do you have a mantra you repeat to yourself when things get tough?
Please share with me!
FF Thank you for the mention :
please help reign in OReilly!
His gas diatribe is awful economics and pandering at its worst.
He is far better than this.
Wtf is up with Cee Lo and that white cat?
TheVoice!
Thanks!
The autosettings are nice shortcuts, but I rely on them too much.
Niall: If im louder would you see me?
Spongebob: I cant hear you its too dark in here!
LOL!
Client picks are kicking butt..!
What were they thinking PIT O/U 12.5?!
I think it's TWITTER's turn now!
WHEN ARE WE HANGING OUT?
where u at?
I really hate when I have a phone interview at 9am and its now 9:15am and they still have yet to call me...
War does not determine who is right  only who is left.
Im glad u got there safe sexy mami!
Im a huge fan of yours  u r the hottest petite woman in porn today XOXO
you're a good guy, John Moe
2011 Whirlwind Bike rental rates now online  www.corythebikefixer.com
misterBurrell, good to know we can still party at Mauna Loa for another year sick!!!!
Tip 3: Wealth  Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
I'm never more embarrassed then when I light a cigarette on the wrong end and TAKE A doctorG.
Oh, whiskey.
Dear Tyhir, Please get your feet out my neck so I can get some sleep...
Had a ton of fun checking out The Trailer Park Boys tonight!
thanks to for his recommendations last fall.
New website incorporates mapping!
There is no greater treasure than the respect and love of a true friend.
Happy Thursday to all!
I hope you have a great Thursday!!
new twitcon though
How have your blogs been going?
I've been meaning to ask you about them!
i use paul mitchell root lifter first , then just regular moose  strunchh .
Then root lifter again.
Then just hairsprayy it :
what would you suggest?
Lower back, hips out of alignment...please don't say exercise, eating right and weight loss.
Anything is fair game, now that
So much fun!
Thanks 4 inviting me.
Let's hang out again soon!
:
happy holidays everyone
I'd still love to see you write about our convo when we met  how do you feel when smaller women call themselves fat?
could be the first election lost to fandom!
Good job stupid!
I hate nights like these..
not sleepy.
can'tsleep
Me and Katrina and the Waves ; RT : Who's walking on sunshine??
Rode my fixie, in matching Adidas/Vespa ensemble, to buy a yoga mat at Walmart that I carried home in my Timbuk2.
I have totally sold out.
Yes!!
Thursday's played FLOAT ON when I first came in, then Under Pressure, now a lil Edward Sharpe
disbelief at decisions made, setting people up to fail...smh gonna sit back and enjoy my prediction
It is pretty cool.
I may need to rewatch this morning.
Today you are living your purpose whether consciously or unconsciously.
follow back?
Please
I am SO so so so embarrassed that I cried today.
.
:
no she forgot, 1 of her downfalls as a parent as well.she forgets everything.
a wonder she hasnt forgotten blake at a store
Life will keep bringing you the same test, over and over again til you pass it...
RT :A man came to movie too early chose to check out instead!Loved it  Accepted Christ for 1st time!//YES!
visualization is something you can easily control in your mental game and it's an easy place to start
Justin Bieber Of Course
ohh, i see.
i had coffee from mine, this morning
It's 7 in the morning on a Sunday and I just added animated gif support for my Andoctorid.
I def be thinking that when I see the apple logo good stuff YungN thought it was just me!
dan wanted me to tell you that he thinks napkin is a good word but isosceles is more superior
Well started out a lazy day but going to the bank to get money to see how I can go spend it lol maybe TBird skate park later tonite..
and you are doctorssed like a whore again too.
SOPA Does anyone know the status as of now?
Are the elected officials even listening to us?
Do we need to start physical protests?
I could get used to Saturday morning doctornking and watching some english football.
Ill have to make this a habit
that's just too cool
I didnt know i was an asshole : better yet the biggest asshole ever :'
miss you to!
I Hear Music weekend 2012 is on the way to Cincinnati,Ohio May 18th 20th 2012.
You don't want to miss it.
I kept up with it all.
From Laguna, to the Hills, and even Newport!
I'm the Carolina's, so itching to get to a spot where they don't abuse 'the right 2 wk' w/ no pay
I can't be there for you all the time.
Other people need me too.
just saw that you will be headlining on July 3rd.
RT: : Red Dot tickets on sale now!
75 per ticket.
Call 227.6960.
It's HERE.
GAME TIME!!!
In the immortal words of Rick Flair WHO
faded as a motherfucker
Im from Morocco, Africa and im proud it.
Yeah, I believe so.
thanks for the retweet
I had to read that twice.
At first glance I thought it said SM!
Hahaha...
;
Antioch Communion worship service  This Do.
A great day to be alive.
I would like to hear more of your story.
Nerds seem to be reading more fashion blogs these days.
hey babe3
Come Here Cause We Go Hand In Hand Like Round Of Applause !!
Hello twitter, been neglectful of you.
Hi, It's our pleasure.
Thanks.
:
Ny mum can be so incomprehensible sometimes.
Uh
yhu r cutie
Urge is  I have to get onto Pinterest!
says But, is our audience there and do I have visuals?
How does Illini have 2 First Rounders after their 2011 season?
I accept 3 Boise, but 2 Illini?
GOCard system was upgraded this week and debit functions were transferred.
Call DPS with any issues.
2026874343.
It's been bad.
definitely Oh Bravo!
Watchn the tigers
Hey San Diego folks, what's the best old school style tiki bar in the area?
Trying to make someone fall in love with you, is almost as pointless as trying to control who you fall in love with...
DOWN LOVE FEWR...
Still doctornk
Fringe is awesome!!
I can't believe they're trying to kill it with the Friday night slot!
I remember MY first paycheck!
Practice makes perfect.
RT Good luck being one of them classy broads
Why?
Cause we're loving the crew3
Ms que one hundoctord Boston Volunteers joined this month.
We're lucky that volunteering is a very Boston thing to do.
Boston DoGood Pls RT!
How to Use Click Bank in Your Blog justsmellsogood.com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
DANG he a real goon
As soon as my team starts asking me about wild mushrooms my productivty plummets.
I could talk about morchella and boletus edulis all day.
Olly Murrs with One Direction in America this summer?
COULD NOT GET ANY BETTER3
I also fear this path.
Not because it's PHP, but because of the wild uploads my code is sure to get from users :/
Going to see the king in Memphis this morning
spurs got it right?
Insomnia is no fun
I'm glad  I don't have any noticeable stains on our clothes.
That was some random close up.
Sorry!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
I have one goal for this beautiful Saturday  Chocolate Sea Salt !
Hey people, check out my verified accounts list I made.
It's all the verified accounts following me  I'll update it with any more!
thanks Britney!
found an article about your iPadbased setup on Very cool!
Have you checked out the lemur app?
Deal of the day, One hour customized facial 55.00 A 10.00 savings!
Space is limited, Call 3606870778
The link doesn't work guys.
Thunderstorms possible and a big warmup on tap for Thurs.
Temps could reach the 80s in most places.
NO.
Don't you even say it.
At least my phone isn't proprietary
We should get a Twitter trend started healthyliving.
It's so important!
:
duly noted!
lol
what does your organization do?
FOLLOWnGAIN as many followers is a follower could follow ;
Word of the day: Ambivert.
Handy at times of indecision.
I wish my time with her didn't have to end...
follow my friends!
!!
Somebody hit my car while me and my nephew was in it!!
Officially Dine with College
Life is like a bull, you have to take it by the horns, even if youre thrown around, get up and go again
people think this cuz u don't have a shirt on!
Hehe ;
Romney on 700 Club, not exactly tossing red meat on ssm: I think ppl of diff backgrounds have diff issues that they find most compelling.
Im bored.
Well she should be thankful that shes getting this kinda exposure...compared to her normal outreach of 34 followers.
MT : A4: has launched a blog called History There is a Grad Student/New professorsection.
I'm an editor.
wine in kegs?
To forget, I will venture to say, to get one's history wrong, these are essential factors in the making of a nation.
JosephErnest Renan
Thanks4recent offers2endorse products.Please be realistic though.I would have2use or like ur product along w/being financially compensated!
So glad you like the article on LeanringTransfer.
I'm now following u   look forward to UR tweets
I can talk to her all night:
You know who to talk to to make that happen!
:
Going to Grandparents' Day at Molly  Emma's school.
Missing my parents and wishing they could be here but so glad Jeanne's mom could come!

thanks mang CHEERS!!
I get a cut when you're famous!
Atta kid George Kottaras.
I seriously love both Brewers catchers, Kottaras The Accountant  of course Lucroy.
Glad your joining us for Hall of Fame event on June 5th.
I need a mailing addoctorss to send the invite.
Today is suppose to be Good Riddenings Day, what bad memory from 2011 do you want to throw away?
Wow!
My neighbor kinda scares me
not yet
Jeremy Kyle is the one with this family
oh, honey.
Marriage is not all that it's cracked up to be, especially if you're a woman with a strong personality.
Hey meh hehe this is fun!
.
ranked 21st in USA Today/ESPN Coaches' poll.
UNLV falls to No.
20, SDSU No.
25.
I know.
Gotta love Michelle!
Saddened.
Guess they felt like they did what they had to do, but still...
NueskesLover The Bacon Lover's Gift Basket is the ultimate bacon compilation!
whts up wit my verse on same shit new day
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust11
Happy Tuesday!
It's chilly here in WI today!
Doesn't matter what happens tomorrow..The Fisk home run is still remembered in Boston despite our loss in Game 7..
Am I obsessed?
No, I'm dedicated.
There's a difference, brah.
I used to have a great job at Olive Garden until some lady asked me to toss her salad.
YOU ARE CORRECT!
Sorry, I confused the trip to Atlas by Marquez with that 1st match  I knew we just played Atlante reserves
okay good
I should have never gotten out of bed this morning
Fiftyfive CEOs in VistageAllCity in CLT meeting to improve their results and be better leaders.
I guess.
love you :
i spend money like no other
how am I supposed to contact you?
You can go to graphics and ask someone there to help you too.
Every single night at the same time I hear someone SLAM a toilet seat cover down.
Is it a four year old or a passiveaggressive husband?
I'd suggest: North Korean Statues and Chinese Roads  Asian investment in West Africa
i fucking love it.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA sorry I am waiting for my mom so we can watch
I like big data and I cannot lie says during D3 tutorial at
Good luck to DSM clients  and at the SymetraTour event in Mexico this week.
pregnant WHAT!!
omg!
startingrumors ;
Spalding takes 1st lead of game behind 2 runs in the B2.
Kyle Meadors' RBI hit and Derek Ferch reaching on error put Eagles up 32.
Let's go Caps!
suck it up with the vacuum!
that's what I did to this one super gross red spider the other week.
That jealous moment when you're texting a guy you sort of kind of like  he starts talking about his girlfriend........
Looking for STAND or UEG gear and merchandise?
Come find or for sweet deals!
: Once u lie to me ONCE...i start too question EVERYTHING you ever said.!!
Tuesdays are for tacos!
Get a hard or soft shell taco made just the way you like it at Paco's today!
HAPPY TACO TUESDAY everyone!
wow is that your car?
are you ok?
RT : SNEAK PEAK: 2012 Green Flash Concert Lineup.
Major promos begin 4/16.
Buy tickets...
sometimesyouhaveto moan , if u got to moan , moan!!
the vecinos, boring sex is worst
Hmm ...
that might be more difficult for me!
I enjoy pissing off Eminem fans.
lmao
Slow metabolism after a weekend of alcohol/indulgences?
Try reflexology to expunge those toxins and restore homeostasis....
Amazing news...
back in Pittsburgh this summer, and a bunch of other shows close to home!!!
30WaysToMakeABoySmile edible panties
RT be safe ladies we will!!
Love u mama hen!
This NBA season couldn't get more hectic, now we have more new players trying to learn their roles and Skiles' riding them the entire way.
Hey!
I'm actually covering for the mag this weekend WaaHoo but upon my return, surely!
WI scores first with a nice move on the baseline.
This time you should take me away 
Maybe the best Badgers student chant of the year!
Bruce, get off the court.
Gotta love  Kohl Center
Thanks for the love.
We'll see you there tonight.
Screw you ABC for interrupting BodyofProof with your stupid election update.
Not an ad, but the freaking show.
Idiots.
tequila, preferably in a blended margarita with lots of lime and salt
Lunch with Scott  Larry.
Nice to keep in touch with the best screenwriters in Hollywood.
When The HATING Dont Work They Tell LIES On Ya!
get that chicken
Nice colors!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!111
Hopefully not a hot mess!
Glad you're excited for JAM2012!
We look forward to seeing your events  receiving poster requests via .
People be IG'ing like fuck, smh i don't be having that much to take pics of, people on that bitch uploading 10 pics a day and shit smh
say dat again
happy birthday Philip Glass!
What are you doing for the Superbowl?
im going to a storage auction ...
this is gunna be so fun om,g
I love you.
Smile.
Putt putting tonight no matter what
I wish to stay here, Harry!
OMG.
I'm going to go cry.
LOL.
Just a few more hours to get your 50 off a Rejuvenation Facial at Wauwatosa Wellness center on www.crowdclick.com don't let it pass you by
That's a great video!
I think your Krampus tradition is so fun, I'd never heard of it before last year.
Thanks for sharing!
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A WILL PACKAGE, ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM IS OFFERING A FREE PACKAGE, EMAIL TO
Hm is right.
Looks like that seeding project in Bristol worked.
done!!
If u know what I mean when I say that!
:
who's to say he didn't PED then.
I'm not faulting him, because everyone did.
To me, it is what it is.
And we still try to keep a breadth of topics.
Hard to know if you are getting too technical or not enough technical at times
ff some good people
So ready for and at Saturday night!!
At the main stage will have boxed cupcakes for 3 each for
I actually switched back a few days ago, as I couldn't embed flash items to Wordpress :
Aria then Spencer.
Can't decide on a place to eat this weekend?
Pick up the November issue of to see what our reader's top choices are!
where your bro ?
that's alot of effort for something so unimportant.
how gorgeous was that place?
We love it.
Hoping to find great renters!

sorry to hear that.
But your dog is lovely!
Blue heeler?
Tommy unfollowed me....
what the fuck.
O das good
No sweat, it'll just be another win for the WomensBasketball team.
i just find it ironic how they were always touring here last year and now they're just doing one tour.
RT : This Lady Was Like Can I Touch Your Hair ??
Come On
Exactly.
2 loses would even be a disappointment in my eyes.
IWITOT BLOG launches tomorrow.
Keep an eye out for some hilarious articles and updates week.
Where do I get MY Tyler Deeb tattoo?
mister gotta b starting somethin' SCORE!
Tragic for regional art community.
Wish they could be talked into keeping the web content at least...
I hope the Pirates make as good of a decision as the steelers.
Yes I thought they would hire Whiz but who didn't
What's up with black people and BET?
Like it isn't even that good of a channel.
Give Globalnet a call to see what options are available for you..
0844 880 2010
what's good with ?
what a beautiful doctorss!
xx
Titans Munchak says Kenny Britt might need second procedure
funny you should mention that topic I just read that they want to do that near the
Thank you for the follow!
now lets see if i can find it..
I'm thread
RT :Just spoke with Rachel at the about the potential opportunity four to guest blog this summer!
please add a seattle tour!
Overdue in connecting to 's dense feed of deep marketing insightsthanks
well I'm gettin ready now...
Were u from?
Thank Goodness it's Friday, and the air is cool here in Los Angeles!
I would definitely blame the figs for this!
what's good bro ??
eating my feelings....
they taste oddly like chocolate
The first issue will be out June 1!
Time to watch the Sixers game.
3 days of plus 3 day weekend.
10day todo list.
At least it won't be boring.
Joe KILLED IT at B96 Summer Bash.
Can't wait for his tour!
YoureNotMyType guy who messages me when he's doctornk who only talks about my boobs.
And is not even attractive :p
Lady Gaga Dating actor from NBC Pilot ..Chicago Fire....I know, do you?
MN all day erryday
So stressed...
so annoyed...
Yolo in your polo dude
restaurant patron on deck the mic on deck lets go
OH hahah good luck!
JAZZ BAND!
DISCO JAZZ!!
I LOVE THAT 80s SONG!!
so im workin on this song...
its gonna be way different than anything ive ever done.
i think people are gonna dig it tho
celtics sure have a nice showing in LA 
If McGee decides he wants to take over there are only 2 players who could even TRY to stop him.
Howard, Bynum.
Both all stars Skys the limit
Electrolux 24quot; Refrigerator doctorwers, Blue LED Features  Kitchen ...
Ok, I've been asked  it was Harvard researchers who say posting to FB  Twitter gives you that similar satisfaction
Super Cena is a TT?
I approve.
I had a 4187 do any and every thing i could.
My chain of command said I had what it takes to be a fine officer but i upset my cw3
new favorite thing: spending 10 minutes on the phone walking my mother through how to play Words With Friends on her Kindle.
don't talk about it, be about it d; !
www.gossipculture.com :
dhtrial most interesting moment:Mark Baute's closing when he pre answered 10 questions the d atty tried to leave w the jury.
Brilliant.
I keep checking weather.com, expecting to see a warmer forecast ahead.
Reality check to self  this isn't cold snap, it's winter in Chicago!
YES do you want to come?!
Beer of the Month: Mothership Wit by New Belgium...
banana clove goodness.
NB is on a roll!
Thanks for following me.
Meditation is the gateway to healthy mental thoughts that generates positive actions.
great time at Austin2Boston good seeing
legalchat privacy?
whats that?
remember a copy of everything u post, email, etc is left on many servers as it makes way to destination
Looking forward to Reba's fall tour.
Trying to decide how far I will travel to see her.
Prob pretty far.
We Heart Reba!
Is AKillingGame a mashup of audience integration techniques from Courage and Beertown?
: Well I cried for no reason probably about 3 times today.
Sucks to be a girl.
bratproblems
Do you know how to save a doctorwning lawyer?
Take your foot off his head.
if you are not following then do it she just did her Newest cover of One And Only by Adele!
go check it out on youtube
You did not miss anything.
VGA sucked big time this year.
Triple BOO!
well hopefully they played my kind of crazy then lol
A garden party in your glass: Let spring bloom inspire your wine cocktails this season
If the next episode of the walking dead proceeds to have the characters act like such idiots let's boycott the show.
SERIOUSLY!
Ratings talk
i agree!
ohh you bitch!!
I wasn't even saying that..
But since you brought it up...
Shapeless hoe.
well I haven't worked out for like 3 months man.
I was just given a new nickname a moment ago...Jorgasm..not sure what to think about that...
Time heals everything, but it needs your hands to turn the clock faster.
Enough with pre race let's get the race started
What about self service for kids who can not work controls is there basic setting they could use?
Semantics, really.
Like having a CPT for Courses and then archiving them for a semester or two.
oh that's awesome!
Ya well, I was AF there on Elmendorf, but loved the city  state
Who's got the awesome the wedding ideas?
I DID..
THANKS
RT : RT : Will Alpha Flight be a part of tonight's opening ceremonies?
why you say that
Session one Au Discover students arrive tomorrow and Monday!
100!!!
RT : Hey Cristina!
Glad you like the weeklyfitnesschallenge music!
Great music motivates people!
Have an awesome day!
shout me out !
I need more followers !!!
lol PLS !
ILoveICONicBoyz because there amazing dancers and care about there fans!
much more!
3 :
my stupid friends left me
HeatCeltics is a great game, but the home fans are awful.
So many empty seats.
Psst.
If you're done with grading, I hear there's a cool study you could participate in...
Hey guys what's up?!:
'if I was in the army I'd be Major Fuckedup'
going to have to check out chrome.
now enjoying some time on the couch in the lobby.
Nice!
// RT everyone at the longhorn basketball game is digging your ou sucks tshirt!
Already told a few where to buy :D
Trust not one
Damn who else has piles of laundoctor clean and dirty..
Just too lazy to fold and wash.
I fixed my twitter settings so hopefully RT will work!!!
You can now listen to us streaming anytime with Stitcher SmartRadio.
Just download the app to your mobile device, and enjoy...
lol lucky you.
I'm liking the NYG rookie camp.
Wilson and Randle look impressive
it was a bit disconcerting to see all the 'muckrakers' this week on Twitter.
Note to self: next spring break fly back on Saturday not Sunday.
Sending Bkfast taco  brisket thoughts your way as thanks!
: 100 of scheduled tweets next week are re: TX contributors
It doesn't matter where you are coming from.
All that matters is where you are going.
Brian Tracy
Talk may be cheap, but your company is cheaper.
I heard you were at the game last night.
Were you rooting for iu or butler?
That took forever to type 
I'm sorry.
What do we pour out to mourn the loss?
I write this with my right wrist, aspiring author / writer, no arthritis.
Saying I love you doesn't hurt nobody AT ALL, unless.....you have EXPECTATIONS behind it....

myself will be hosting a great event in support of !
Buy your tickets NOW!
It's gonna be so awesome!
The absorption of all the principal sugar refineries in the U.S.
into one company gives one pause.
: Once I stop giving a fuck about you, good luck getting that back.
Should have signed Dave Bush for just one game today....skip
thanks, and same to you!
Thanks!
Just need to finish
: I love me some you
Ima catch what I want to catch RT : don't be catching no attitude alright?
My Twitter Messing up get on fb
RT : I hated Alex on GleeProject and it makes Glee a struggle for me...
JUST WATCHED ON THE SITE!
will share on twitter right now.
So great!
Love
Danny from The Script's accent is so beautiful...like I can't even.
Malya works with KOFAVIV, whose members are women originally from rural areas and survivors of violence.
Thanks for sharing.
This is definitely something to Tweet about!
RT : Perfect Rx for Rockies Dexter Fowler.
Raises his average from .091 to .267 in one crazy night
Hello, hello.
It's only me, infecting everything you love.
I also may not be against moving Gamel up to second and send Morgan down in the order.
Gotta get up and get ready to do this sound check..Ah!
My play w/Philip Baker Hall, I Never Sang For My Father, is extended through 6/5!
Arye Gross came last week too!
www.newamericantheatre.com
What is average timetodegree for historian phds?
What is preventing phd candidates in history from finishing sooner?
I HAVE TO REMIND MYSELF SOMETIMES...NOT TO SPEAK WISE WORDS ABOVE NUCCAS HEADS....TALK STR8 TO THEIR HEADS OTHERWISE NUCCAS WHO THINK ...
...
It used to mean having big ideas that moved the country forward.
Nathan Fletcher is the NEW Republican Breed Independent Republican.
I'm a white girl with a tan??!!
exuse me I'm mixed sir
What is really surprising about CES this year is the large area dedicated to cars mercedes, ford,
Break!
Finally:
At the Louisville Palace to see the Fray with my lovely wife.
Hope the two of you enjoy the show!
on soon!
Good point LO.
RT: : The jags might not have a great record but they did beat the ravens
Ima stop bothering her, she can be pretty moody.
With her slick ass comments
headed to the boat
Not a law school exam.
Need a referral.
My friend is given a raise, but instead of  his boss just changed his dependents to 6 so he didn
thats a freezie pop in my neck of the woods, and blue is infinitely better than any other flavor.
Steve Ross leads a company of topshelf performers in The Great American Revue in Music and Dance, TONIGHT at 6pm
Ur harmony to every song I sing!
Just did the same thing in both!
Lol : Just realized one person accounted for half of my Facebook updates.
Muted them on Flipbo...
Yoo hoo, David, my daughter is here this morning and I would love to introduce you to her!
Click on the link to Read More!
thanks k!
Is it too late to RSVP to yr systems presentation?
and, , when is yours?
don't even try to not invite me again.
ha.
cause u cant zip it
Brewpublic killer beer week tonight at bottles.
Tomorrow it's at beermongers.
Who's down?
Those words will never come out of my mouth.
RT Hey UofL fan, are you saying Go Big Blue today only?
The double rascal??
By the Dark Star!
How were you able to contain yourself???
No.
the partys getting bigger and bigger
It does indeed!
Nothing like relaxing with a good book!
Nobody told me i was spelling Triple wrong...
i had my sn i had to change it,, embarrassed lol
new kid today ;
Cm punk won
new offer from chase bank,  deposit 100,000 or more in new money into a new Chase Plus SavingsSM account and get 150!
i actually considered this.
I honestly can't tell you the last time he blew past someone on a half court doctorve.
This was something he did at will in Cleveland.
I'm tired of witnessing saggy tights.
just said he's not positive it was level 4.
Now 24 different combinations to check.
medlibs It seems Twitter has become the Ref Desk of mlanet12.
Post your questions  somebody from the NPC will try and help.
Thanks for the follow
That's hilarious.
I'm trying to get to sleep to make up for all the shows I watched last night
New team strategy for the brewers,  play the cubs and pirates as many games as possible
: LoW End THeory.
D.O.B.
Sept 24th 1991.
greatest album of all time.
And how is he similar to GWB?
Oh, my ears.
This crap is horrible!
Now I know why I haven't watched this show in forever.
I wantagl go
Get bent!
A recent study suggests tight muscles mean stiff arterial walls  a precursor to heart disease
cause I was sick today and he was a total butthole about me leaving.
I've had some serious medical problems this semester.
RT : I need some love!
Lol.
What up yall!?
showing love while I'm on the clock lol
Thanks RT : FF For Speaking Advice Check Out:
Thought you were MIA
I think I woke up to late :X haha
wud up pot head
Yes!
I'll talk to Mike about that again.
I know GloJEAN was watching over you my man.
Welcome back.
New video tomorrow on YouTube twitter twitvid new song
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 72
waaah!
Desperate Housewives is over FOREVER :
bahaha JBomb you're such a dag I luv this!!
FF  Biz Improvement specialist, passionate about business, wellbeing  nutrition.
Def worth a follow!
you heard LOX came thru in the yellow lex then hopped out wit air force ones wit yellow checks
Detroit I'll run thur it all if da price i right
New parenting tip 110  you know your a parent when you use baby wipes instead of taking a shower
8 days til the kick off!
10 until the Paddle!
Everyone get excited!!!
Has anyone taught EFL in South America ?
If so let me know....
Put us up on your follow Fridays the us out
meanie!!: no more brownies for you!
Congratulations to the graduates!
When I grow up I wanna be like my Mimi.
At 85, she goes 2 the bedside of her sick  aging peers, prays encourages em not 2 give up
i agree but the way the bulls treated the bradley center this season ....
the evil part of me is laughing at those fans ..
Congrats Adele!!
Yes!!
You are a favorite!!
XO
you mean being single.
Way to ruin my joke god dammit.
me neither!!
but now they have me working in the am cause chads out of town.
ill get things worked out though, i miss youu
Excited about working on my first record today.
Time to pull out the wordpad
Submitted my email addoctorss.
I'll check it out.
Today in 1992, If You Go Away was released, ahead of the album Face the Music.
Trivia time!
Next tweet!
I might go to the boss club tonight fuck it
everydayithinkabout how ugly the pilgrims clothes were
read total frat move column on the rush party.
There is a section about gumbys
Congrats Will be sorry to miss it!!
RT : one of the first selected for SXSW interactive this year!
bit.ly/th5Oty
I know it's raining but nothing can grow without the rain!
Rain is growth!
Let's grow Wisconsin!
wants to runway on her bike to california
Yeah, I had to grow accustomed to it over time.
Custom Plastic Business Cards at NYC Printing 123.
You can select a variety of professorssional business cards, including full color...
I just want to go to the gym
Apparently the power play philosophy is shoot the puck into the opponent's legs until they can't skate.
Parents, post ur projects on Workforbooks.com and help a starving college student.
Cant do that on Craigslist!
We need ur support.
great meeting you tonight, looking forward to your session tmister!
I would settle for one in my state!
yeah...that was really unclear from her execution...
Cavs fall but at least we kept it close
: Who's stronger?
Thor or Hulk?
silly question
All bottles of wine are just 20 tonight!
Wine down with us on this beautiful Thursday evening.
beat the game....wasn't too impressed
It's a Troy night out
Maybe it is my Texas heritage
sup slut, hit me up when you setup that adwords campaign, let me know if you need a virtual credit card or some shit.
thanks.
Abby said that, right?
The VICTIM of a CRIME's clothes are not to blame here or ever.
MT : His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as Zimmerman
if the guy is watching the bachelor, you have bigger issues
Thanks for the follow back!
Enjoy the record breaking weather.
lol, well they will certainly enjoy a shower, that's for sure
I have nothing to do.
What your man don't know won't hurt em ;
you is funny
It's soo hot in my roomm!!!!
Love it when a plan comes together
Ready to start planning our wedding.
Need to tap into the DC/NoVa wedding community.
Help!?
FLAWLESS.
YOU ARE ALL FLAWLESS
photo please
Robert gave first Toastmasters speech last Mon.
He almost passed out from nervousness.
Gotta go thru it once.
I have techniques to help.
That's the truth, she will always love u, not just for one day
Tig an happy are funny but juice.....
wtf duds
I would love the 1963 rolls royce bentley for prom 
thank you Luke!
Omfg.
I am so pissed right now.
if i could only go back in time before it happened.
:'
He's a bit loco.
I'm finding more and more people everyday who hold the same opinion about him as I do
right back atcha!
wasn't I supposed to get another movie for tweeting this :/!
Where is that movie haha!?
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor?
Bill Watterson
let his light shine
Very happy for McGahee w/new Broncos deal ....
he will join me at 515pm ....
Freeway Closure  805 Freeway, between Telegraph Canyon Road and E Street, overturned gas tanker.
Take SBX to avoid delays.
evaluations show that programs  toolkits for military families helping parents  kids talk  adapt to challenges transitions
Yum!
Lumpia, purple yam soup  peanut butter cheesecake with Caipirinha, Royal Fizz and Sazerac cocktails at the AVAM's mister Rain's Funhouse.
And they'll have to look to social media types for guidance.
:
takes one to know one...I got you :
.
haha Mitt got back at a trooper who shortsheeted his bed...and haha he assaulted a gay classmate..exactly the same thing.
s/o to , he needs followers ladies help him out ;
There's a difference between doctorwing body contact, and accepting it when doctorving to the basket...
she probably loves that y'all are fighting for her cause she's getting so much attention
RT : There are more people in the lower bowl at the Mustangs game then a Bucks.
No joke.
That's awful
Day 2 of the SUPERdoctorFT promotion in Vegas at the Palms  the cheerleaders are here!
Nothing Just Chilling Right Now..
Well, they did a good job.
Take care!
Love and Basketball 3
I need FosterThePeople tickets.
Love them!
My favorite band right now!
speed RT : 49ers 1st rookie practice  WR's AJ Jenkins  Chris Owusu go head to head in figure 8 doctorll.
Owusu wins both times
Finding the lowest price on a particular item is easy to do with a price search engine.
trueshyt on the real!
Miners' benefit plan held a 13K surplus  Arizona Daily Star Miners ' benefit plan held a 13K surplus Arizona Daily Star In leading up
what up
Boom.
Hannahan'd
yes has to do with Jason haha
2peoplethatbelongtogether and because they both like guys.
i wishh i could get to see him:
Yeah!
Sunrise is great today
Hot SAS military chicks fight hot SAS dudes to save a baby chick from destruction.
Comedy premiering in March
Chrysler 300.
Very sexy.
Just met a man named Lizandoctor.
He was not as amazed as the man Lisandoctor I met earlier this year.
Lesson?
S's are better than Z's.
Yo, I need a pair of shades actually Katie.
Your boy's gotta get his swag on soon.
How you been girl get at me
no problem
Ice tea at night.
Slurrrpin';
uploading our video took 1100 minutes haha.
IZ  Intern Zero  Chris
Shpoonkle....what do you think?
Cheesy or good marketing for lawyers?
will be conducting a presentation focused on Integrating cloud Applications to  at 11AM in booth
I would LOVE IT if u followed me before the sun goes down and the stars come out!
Lol!!!:D
: Oh my god  Joshua  I love you.
Idol Why thank you, Ellen.
good morning friends!!!
Have a great Monday!!!!
I'm glad I don't have to take Tcap anymore :
You're hammering Feingold in an article where he says 'It's A Threat To Our Country' To Elect 1 Of The GOP candidates?
Odd
not true.
you could kill a vegitarian.
haha
dam we look good!
Well there's no turning back, folks!
is OPEN for the 2012 season!!!
May 11, 2010 Workshop: Using Social Media to Market Your Business, Hall doctorve, EKU College of Business  Technology Bldg, Room 243, 13pm
MadMen baby!!
Saluted : Jerly Marquez of GroupM Motion praises Radio for great ideas using Social Media RT
If it's not your job to know...
then how are u so sure that teacher unions are the problem?
Just trying to be logical here.
Thanks for the follow.
What period is your favorite?
will debut the latest tee shirt design tonight at midnight at www.TuesdayTees.com!
New tee design every Wednesday!
Headed to Oaks.
Better not break the bank like last year
Digital Media Executives Love Tradition and Technology of Shen Yun
McD's egg mcmuffin?......yes please
Dictator  Leader of the People Im not gonna argue anymore, you are entitled to support Castro.
Required if in Cuba
iM SO CONFUSED :D
Attention Models doctoramBigHustleHard.com is now taking Submission to be feature on the site plz submit portfolio to
so sad.
also happy 40th to our captainin....aughh.
oh ok thanks:
Ha!
Good advice!!
Do the peach and pear flavors count as a fruit serving?
If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose.
That late hit by Roman Harper of the Saints against Steve Smith of the Panthers in the end zone was some really bad sportsmanship!
Woke up from a doctoram that included the Da Silva twins and the Reapers.
No idea.
i r jealous lol Love it
lmfaooo im bout to kill someody im mad af yo but its a different reason but da cheeseitz pushd me over the edge
If you wish to know the mind of a Bodybuilding, listen to his words.
ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM/ BUY OUR 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM
Ooh good one.
RT : Great list.
But any list of Beantown's best breakfasts has to include Henrietta's Table.
IMHO
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 14
THE MISSION is to nurture, cultivate, and promote art, music, culture, sustainability, community, and nonprofessorts in Las Vegas.
Join us!
It's the first day of Spring!
I want ice cream!!
Thank you!
I want a bathroom I can play baseball in
: I wonder where Ryan went..
myyhouuse;
i need to find someone who's down to go to wing night and
RT: Dear Apple, I really hope new iMacs are MacBook Air inspired..
yet still powerful then ever!
if i could, i would3
stay the fuck out of my relationship ugly slut.
We are an authorized WESTERN UNION agent.
The difference between biking and Metro is....
Says about Gomez, None better in center.
Everything he does is right on target, as his throw goes 10 feet wide of 3rd base.
Tbone steak, cheese, eggs and Welch's grape...
Biggie
My niece is my world and I haven't seen her in forever /3 I miss you Tinlee jewel
I just don't know where all the time is going lately.
This hard work must pay off!
:
RT: Dumb ass don't take the pills you take from pharmacy on the clock dumbass.
Come to Western Carolina and hang out with us!!
Should we call our new band The Pinchers or Pops and the Pinchers?
cant wait until!
i get my ''Born this way album!
only 2 more days!
Will do!
Help spread the word!
All artists in Hou.
Need a studio?
Check 40/hr w/ inhouse engineers  producers.
Mixing  Mastering services also available.
Bloodworth Law Firm is the best criminal and domestic law practice in Middle Tennessee, give us a call  2508000 for the help u need!
FistballFact: The defense can play the ball directly after the opposing team's attack or after a single bounce, but it may not bounce twice.
will be at this year's Digital East 2011: www.digitaleast.com
Yes, that's conductor hair all right!
: Can't wait to hear what Dante Anzolini will do with the same music.
My dad blaring music and singing at 11:30 at night is probably worse than having noisy neighbors that do the same.
When it's 60 degrees outside the heaters in my building are on; when the weather is in the teens the heaters are off.
Good job Lindsay Park.
Spending the evening cooking and sharing stories with the best woman I know!
There's no where else I'd rather be.
ilovemynana 
I HATE school nights !!!
: anyone else : ?
I need to stop being so up tight
honestly, lady, how fantastic was it to finally catch up?
And how much do I miss your face?
Answer: Unbelieveable amounts.
have a great day!
yooooo what up pimp...what's the latest on soundscan?
Let me know at your leisure.
weedoctorpweerock!!!
No one answers me!
it was totally worth it :
ROFLOL watching Sheed Wallace making a put back basket for the Bulls last night.
Classic.
Have a friend who was the sign for H'eeen  a friend who always uses Benton fwy offramp to see it on her way home
There are over 136,000 f yeah blogs on  tumblrmusic // at
Anyone want to go to the Root Beer Stand right now?
AlexandoctorbertTweetTweet follow me follow me AlexandoctorbertTweetTweet folloow me follow me follow me
ur a sweetheart 4 answerin that young lady bout prom.
This is y fans luv you.
You rock!
Have a great summer  c you next yr  uC
If someday we all go to prison for downloading music, I just really hope they separate cell blocks by sound genre.
Tomorrow Morning's Inn Group Meeting is Full.
Can't wait to see everyone.
I'm very excited to learn organizing tips from
It's all fault!
SportingKC Sorry, looking for a scapegoat :
when is it gonna be out on DVD and BluRay?
I really want to know, thanks.
the LSU atkansas game.
What game are u watching?
but papa was adamant, since he likely saw their board, that they got the guy the rated as the second best behind trent
Thanks Andoctorw..
we are looking for mentors for our 2012 summer Challenge.
Any interest?
Life is good
nice.
I didn't mean to suggest you so a podcast.
I imagine one is enough.
I'll give you a listen.
no me a Contestado x
My interview with WNKU's Cheri Lawson will be airing this week!
Stay tuned for details!
3 Moriah
We will miss you buddy 
I may stumble sometimes but you won't ever catch me trippin...
unless it's hard trippin from the good stuff.
Now pass the bong.
Didn't have to use my AK
i was about to wish good luck in china, then remembered twitter is blocked there, so just sending it out to the universe...
To promote responsible retention use a dayforward approach to handle current info.
Then handle old info as a project.
i know youre right..I dont respond to some tweets..but i want to say my part too..but ill stop for tonight lol
Thanks for the shoutout!
Too consumed by Bachelorette premier tonight.
Though not as good as Bachelor.
has to be the worst attempt at playing the game of basketball I have ever seen.
On both sides.
Lay off the red bull girls!
We don't get to hear this really good quote?
Come ON.
Getting ready for this weekend
RT : You must raise your self worth in order to raise your net worth.
Have a good day Jer!
Thanks for being so sweet last night!
You're too precious!
Love you tons!
so sorry to hear about your loss.
Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life
omg i know!!!!
but f it yolooooooo lol
My little one's name is Elle...so clearly I just love that one!
If i could hangout with the guys all the time, i would.
I feel like i fit in with them better lately...
Word is bond!
Hey bro...my new job is kicking my ass lol.
It's great and all but training has been difficult.
don't let me catch you in some Sanford video with your hoodie and skittles pouring out iced tea
you have to checkout this sites sopa blackout: theoatmeal.com
Laci made my day with that
I like your style, Becker.
My new AllStar chest protector showed up this afternoon.
Won't make a damned bit of difference!
maclin,moss,hicks,d.thomas.which 3??please
YOU WOULD LOVE IT
What a joke
trust me...
everything will be just fine ;
Looks interesting, I'll take one
There's a tornado warning...I need it to rain more...I was counting on the free carwash!
i put up a new professorle pic and it chopped my head off!
It's a great combo!
RT : Another victory using Read and React and Amazing what happens when kids buy in.
Ur a Pro though!
You will rock that show!!
Please keep in touch!
HAS A BUNCH OF NEW SONGS COMING SO STAY TUNED!!!!!!!
Kowba: I stand by the fact that a midyear cut is a tipping point for the school district.
good Morning !
feel free to contact me.
I'd love to help!
aawww its my birthday and me and my boyfreinds one month annaversarry :3
Unfortunately, you'll spend too much of your last year setting up the sequel.
We play that in our office nearly every day.
Probably the best station there is.
The Office is gone for many months.
Weeds and Wilfred will keep me company in the meantime!
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
Will the Yankees make it?
Panasonic EVOLTA Finishes the 230km Triathlon in Hawaii OSAKA, JapanPanasonic Corporation 
i just went outside and it is nice outside but it will rain
There is always someone looking for the next job adventure  so, if you hear about a lead, SHARE IT!!!
:D
a mirror, so I can see all of my face at once.
I prefer to see only a part of mine.
marypoppins and her amazing
i love you
calling her a gremlin and shit when she's done nothing, i dont know alot but its uncalled for
Hello from Manhattan!
Safe travels, !
So excited to see you!
hope i never lose my
Lololol let us in :
Facebook Tip: Page icon photo is 180px by 180x.
Although remember when clicked on it can be full size.
lakers biggest mistake tonight was no fight...
nuggets have confidence now...
They can go into LA and win one
LegoLand Performance Is Around The Corner !
Excited !!
NOT enjoying writing this essay for pitts
animal by neon trees!
section 116 is ready to dance!
Britney Spears' Till The World Ends Tour: Four doctoram WarmUp Acts
At Work: The next round in Wisconsin: The recalls.
Scott Fitzgerald and Tim Carpenter with the Political Junkie today
Happy Birthday!
You still look like your 20 though :
Remember we offer Free Delivery after 6pm Mon  Wed!
Call 3058831177 or order on line now!
Not tryna go to school tomorrow I just wanna go to the doctors
hahahha dont tell me the damn neoghbor let them all loose
allhailale Racked 12 to secondary  brewed 13.
Scott's busy designing a flashy new brew system.
Cancelled scheduled ABC News, tonight.
Let's see if the Liberal subtext is absent this evening on News.
you're
Unplug from the social media mothership for a few days.
Trust me, you'll be fine.
I beat the beat the UP, UP, UP
omg I was gonna have a heart attack lol.
she looks beautiful as usual
Wax is spinning and the coffee is brewing for Sunday work day.
I think they sense that, because they just love to swoop at me.
I wake up early because one of my best friends, the one who is in Mexicali is coming to my house before, going back to Mexicali yay :D
haha my original plan was to just get fucked up all day haha
do you still have tickets left for tonight's late show?
Anyone else going to the Steve aoki concert?
Woodstock is why MSFT should have bought MGM and/or Miramax.
Key reason: Streaming license rights to a library of top movies
Don't want to sound like a prude but I think I was at least over 18 before I knew such a thing existed.
;/
Grrr stupid school tomorrow :/
Doc Rivers: I'm excited, I'm happy.
We didn't have it early.
hey what's up...yeah I'm back
Today we'll be at the Regal and we'll give you the rundown on the hottest New Year weekend flicks!
I'm on my second one right now!
Still waiting for it to kick in...
Your visit is perfect timing!
You can help me move this weekend!
Cooking channel has wonderful events for fun and easy dishes.
CHECK OUT Bobby Flay
Or I should say that I ran 5k, not a 5k race.
I need more people to follow me okay thanks
Merry Christmas Everyone :
I'm sure he's more talented than they'll ever be..
too much grip to let it slip!!!!
plz do its gunna be crazy
I want world peace.
Still smiling from lunch with techletterpress superwoman So great to have you on this coast!
Calling all Carnivores!Looking for a tasty lunch come try our Spicy beef meat patties.comes with a side salad for perfection
Packers finally get pressure on Manning
Minor is dealing tonight.
Well, this is a great game.
I think I'll take a nap before my packers play.
yawn
BizVertizing is now on Twitter!
Lmfaoo its all good tho, she don't even know who they are and I doubt she even remembers that.
I still listen to them on a daily basis 
Back to these bitches following my timeline!
What do you think of American Idol?
good idea!
HP is always a better choice than school, work, or any other task that sucks!
Got a new haircut and my sweat heart thinks I look like a perroflauta
Get familiar with the Web using the latest version of Internet Explorer at the Paseo Verde Lib computer class tomorrow at 10 a.m.
RT : in honor of the Globes, i'll play Social Network tonight i iwish i was playing 127 hours tho.
Increase flexibility, agility, and strengthen core muscles with yoga or pilates at Astor Street Dance Studio for 50off www.crowdclick.com!
Give thanks for what you are now, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow.
Fernanda MiramontesLanderos
Interesting Blog on using QR codes in health care.
did you get that file?
lemme know.
GO LIKE: 1.
ICONic Girlz 2.
Iconic Boyz Fever Hold on there are more but they wern't showing up.
Ashley
Will You ever come to san diego california AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You....
Wait, it was ALMOST 2OT
Happy National Kiss Day!
Here's my kisses 
Nice gesture but Brewer's have a PR problem with disabled fans.
I suffer from a invisible disability.
Nobody there cares.
lol when I turn 16 yrs old :
can you vote as many times as you want?
IM IN LOVE ...
WITH AUSTIN MAHONE!!!
Totally fan girling right now 3 xoxo
When U believe a thing, believe it all the way, implicitly  unquestionably.
Walt Disney
Great to have you part of the ClearedJobFair COBOL C security clearance
edtech iPaded people: how long before tablet ownership in the US is higher than laptop/desktop ownership?
never laughed so hard.
trying to be more like today
RT : Searching for ways to gain sponsors for your nonprofessort event?
Remember to target audiences to leverage
A few coworkers talked to her and said she was so nice!
Buster from Arrested Development was here too!
Can't wait for Friday.
:P
Don't know where to begin, the Phenomenal show in San Diego is so magical, beautiful.
Robert Irwin, James Turrell.
See differently.
I think it would be better if the Suns started Childoctorss instead of Brown.
RT : ..
we will be , ,  This MON w/ FREE PBR T's in College Hockey Team Colors!
So sad...
We have to wait what?
Another year until Pretty Little Liars airs again?
:
where do I get these?!??
With TIMON OF ATHENS and Nathan Lane both in town, we're starting to wonder when Pumbaa of Sparta opens.
Gotta go to a wedding to morrow so I'm very busy this weekend I'll follow back when I get back...PROMISE
Ready to go home
RT : LET EM IN TO THE NEXT ROUND!
FLYERS WIN!
Happy bday Tim Olshefski.We all miss ya.
Tonight's Dinner Special is Grilled Salmon over Mixed Greens with Bacon, Tomato, Egg, Mozzarella Cheese and Fried Onion Straws.
10.00
Check out our video on the University homepage!
www.georgetown.edu
Currently sipping a latte at Time and Play while the 3yrold flies around on a bike indoors.
I'm late but thank you.
we lost one  won a game today.
Guess I was wrong about the Lakers Saturday night.
I believe it was wishful thinking.
Sex and the City makes me doing calculus homework at night a bit better.
fridayreads in print: Becoming a Person of Influence by John C.
Maxwell
Photos  2011 Lollapalooza Lineup  Good Fortune captainin Allen
People always think you need them...
But in reality all you need is family.
Creative Media Web Company Launches New Line of Templates Compatible With Microsoft Word, Publisher, and Apple iWork ...
wait.
that's not true, is it?
Double Duty Secret!
NEW skin tightening option along with our triedandtrue Intense Pulsed Light treatment  offer expires 33112.
Oh, well thanks sweets :3
I would say double that at least, JMHO.
I wish these refs would choke on it...are you kidding me?
I'd have bought 2 if they were any cheaper.
I just needed something to get me moving again.
Tuesday's matchups: Penn State vs.
Oakland at 5pm, Lindenwood vs.
Delaware at 8pm.
and leo did a damn fine job of it once he got over his ex wife or whatever she was.
So what's your point?
I really only post in the hcj thingy and the fcj thingy regularly.
Post in other topics but with no regularity.
bought lots of CD's today, starting with The Dutchess  the Duke
Kinda bored..
What needs to get done
Youve always wanted to be your own boss.
So what are you waiting for?
Now is the time to take control of your destiny.
itshardwhen what's best 4 U is not what U want!
Thanks.
Please send over the info.
BAC
Our exclusive onceamonth stock options TRADE OF THE MONTH has just been released.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com 1 in options returns!
no more jersey shore for her hah
well im gonna get off here!
Ttyl goodnight loveya!
sounds like it worked out perfect them.
I'll make sure I can make it out next week.
Looking forward to meeting
I'm going to shave before I go into work.
I really, really hope this impresses the likes of , and others.
My doctorams be looking so real
Interesting read, thanks for sharing!
Have a fabulous Wednesday
I actually agree
Chapter 2012 Page 81 of 366 Living life on oneway tickets...literally and figuratively.
May I just say that Lean Cuisine meat lasagna rocks!
haha, already on it!
...unless i win the powerball....dammit!
I forgot to check my numbers last night!
When its cold, the testes move in closer to the body for warmth.
The opposite happens when its warm.
Getting a much needed workout at my local gym.
Loll on my phone going the fuk off ...
the topic disrespectful niggas
good!!!
Smiles!
we have a problem !
would you like the new dance marathon cards to say FTK For The Kids or FTK at the top?
Thank You !!
Grace, thank you!!!
hey save me a seat today
just cause its doesn't mean u can tweet nonsense about JLO.
I dont see tweeting about
Twitter says it now has 140 million users.
Not bad for turning just 6 years old today.
What you do when nobody looking defines you
Possibly, but I think you make it easy for the photographer.
That's the way silo J.
FC: Chance Womack.
We had our battles.
RT if you're heading to Huntington Park tonight to catch take on Syracuse, 6:35p!
Dont listen to criticizers, you came to City to win trophies and not just for the money.
Sweet irony the British said this : Ur risk of heart disease rises 70 if you don't brush twice/day, says British Med Jornl
Hughes on the line needing 1 of 2 to ice it
Come see whats new on the menu!
Great weekly specials, awesome new apps, and a 3 course Chef's creation for only 35!
O' great doctornks too!!!
more GB and a touch screen.
Me too!
: RT : Can I go to Paris to learn more about web archiving?
Pretty please?
Word to my momma VinceCarter should retire.
He's terrible.
He's the reason why they lost that series low key.
Lol
needs to stop blowing up my dang phone,;
Dicks burgers after a heavy night of doctornking is exactly what I needed!
Just listened to this week's episode with and loved it!
When can she come back???
it's 10:53 haha I love music:D
Missing next to me in Lantz 
for someone that hates soccer, u sure comment about it a lot
I hate that feel when you want something so bad..
but you know you can't have it.
/3 :'
Herb Brooks play your game play your game
I'll invent one for you, Elle!
3
wish me luck for my match tomorrow??
Xx
mighty mango is my favorite!
And green machine looks  sounds gross but it's really good too!
ur insecure.
dont no what 4.
ur turning heads when u walk through the door.
dont need make up.
2 cover up.
b ing the way tat u r is enough.
I tried to clear out all the emails for ID  EG yesterday :
NBC's Andoctora Mitchell reports no airlines were ever at risk; plot was disrupted well before it threatened Americans
Sounds great, I will be right over!
: The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me  Psalm 138:8 this one has gotten me through lots!
I smoked out my daamself 2day
A why not lawyer could, I suppose, be asking a rhetorical question or beginning a lengthy statement...
WhatIWantThisSummer are happy clients : Do you think that's reasonable?
Under this fan voting format, only 1 great dunk matters.
Again, guys like 'Nique, doctor J  MJ should be judging instead of America.
my picks: predators in 7, sharks in 6, caps in 7, bruins in 6
I feel like starting trouble with Packers fans just to trash talk but I'm being mister Nice Bear today
Michael Steele reasoning Bipartisan this morning.
He's right on key today
Two and Half Feet Tall
Up and Adam as my brother says.
incredibly empty right now.
But if there's any truth to your 'location'it will all work out
i dont think im psychic, but it seems like for the last almost 10 years i have heard and felt things no one else does
It's so much easier to run
Well then, leave the cleavage, eyeliner and hair to me...
you just keep bein' bloody.
That's sexy too.
Happy earthday!
It's not FF but everyone should still check out
Is this good or bad for me???
RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Michigan State Is First No.
1 Seed Knocked Out of N.C.A.A.
Tournament
Great question!
I'm eager to hear how people respond.
doctorams.I am swimming away
Just read the tweets and keep it moving.
Stop over analyzing my thoughts.
Life is too short, live it to the fullest!
Where are all my elon alumni?
Let's connect!
Lol just got asked who my celebrity crush is and y?
Well Taylor Lautner and just because of his personality.
:
My dad was actually the first to tell me I had a South Carolina hoodie.
Family time!
So happy is here :
The New York Times website must be broken cause it just asked me to log in to read a story.
I'm.
Done.
With.
Everyone.
I only need myself.
Oh yeah I passed my Math class too :
Please don't!
grin
Today is just a depressing day.
I wanna get away from palatine, far away.
We're getting so close to innotechatx!
With a full day of educational sessions  special events, you won't want to miss this year's conf
I just won 86 dollars in the lottery
Let's go Niners!
49ers I have a bad feeling as I'm actually going to watch part of the game.
Is that the best you can manage?
Pete Tong
: You either remain stressed alone or be stressed with the person you love.
Sounds delicious!
Enjoy those radish dishes :
Not an expert in HS as i teach MS, but I'm excited about common core since we'll dive deep into concepts
Everytime I get a new follower, I hope to god it's not a spam slut.
How are there so many of them?!?!?!?!
first of all princeton doesnt have a Andoctorid so u fakeand i saw Mb last summer they said they DONT have personal accounts
Let me know I work at the arena ;
.
asked did doctorvers get the message?
re: bike demonstration, and i say  no, because they probably couldn't find a parking spot.
ZING
HEY, yaaalss should follow me
As interviews for NYC continue in London this week, NYC welcomes Gary and Linda to begin interviews for London.
Best of luck to everyone!
reading my tweets
I'm about to fucking lose it
Most effective Superbowl ads teach, inspire, entertain to cement brand.
Audi, Google, Bridgestone podium for 2010.
text me :
just followed
TheWorstFeeling fucking a bitches mother while shes in the next room sleep...wait!?
NO ITS NOT 
The philosophical brunch question: coffee or mimosa?
I know today's answer.
put the fuing lotion in the basket!
Happy Birthday Jason and Sarah.
3
next weekend.
I'm at my dads this weekend
luv you more!
Nite Out is a variety show put on by medical students to benefit the Columbus Free Clinic.
Held at Thurber Theatre on March 2324 at 7:00 PM
Good times at Steppin' Up?
: DG: We'll bring Nick to the lottery.
If he doesn't get the first pick, he'll be grounded all summer.
Classic !
Wohooo this weekend :P chilling inaf
I think you need to update your bio now that you have a bit less leisure in your life.
We have the best ring money can buy and it's all yours!
Should you see an orange on this picture, then you're Einstein.
Tomorrow, I'll be a guest panelist at the Red Hook Initiative for their Annual Women's Career Day from 6  8pm.
Come down and say, hey!
LOVE IT!
Get it jonny boiii :
I was almost done, too!
Lmfao.
Another productive offday and my main goal was to just chill today...
dear god no, Rickie can barely play second as it is
Yeah yeah yeah!
PS.
you're coming!
Jordan Staal has set a new careerhigh in points.
This is an amazing accomplishment considering he's only played 62 games.
sometimes u cant really trust frends bcuz they knoo all about u and at the end there the one who is talkin bhind ur back
Nokia the world's largest Windows Phone smartphone vendor in Q4 2011 shipped 1 million sets; Perfect time to get on marketplace!
Microsoft 
: Don't leave your friend outside in the cold!
Bring them into camp for a day of play!
See, brilliant idea isn't it?
You down?
Let's go!
Lol jk
that's a dangerous combo!
If 3 people having sex is a threesome, and 2 people at it is a twosome, why is handsome still a compliment?
truuee well congrats!!
you'll do great wherever you go...just get that degree!!!
Agreed, makes me cringe.
RT : That Verizon commercial with the crying ladies is the most annoying thing ever
great tips!
Thanks!
looks rad so far!
Can't wait to see it when it's done!
What are you up to today?
Chocolate festival is happening now up at the Merchandise Mart
no html for you
Kind of sleepy
I'm convinced that when a guy and girl are best friends for a long time, they are eventually going to fall in love....
Tony Stark the team dickhead......lmao
Can't wait until my birthday!!!
Its going to be so awesome!!!
:
Probably...
Unless motion sickness is the objective for the day...
Then I say give everyone a pogo stick while they view it.
:o
now that Tuesday's nearly over have you noticed that the rest of the week spells WTF?
We are at Disk Hitachi's Alive  Running event on La Guides Play to race awareness!!
Come out for the cause...!!
I'm really about to consider something life changing!
Real talk!
Tired of the nonsense
Hehehee xD love you too:D
alright text me 2 marrow and let me no was up ..
i do that when I'm about to be late for my class...then again, this is college.
Lol
thanks for the ride too ambers house :
Factoid Friday: Know the last time the San Diego region was selfsustaining in its water supply?
San Diego looked like this...bit.ly/w8x0Mw
The warm weather is here.
This means arm fat on display.
Wishing I was at the USA v.
Guadaloupe soccer game in the new livestrong soccer park back in Kansas City.
Will see a game there soon!
less than two hours to Richmond.
My allergies 
CBIS is at it again with news just announced
Smile, Be happy, and let yourself feel.
Aeropostale
working.
Working.
WERKIN.
straight up
guess I'll need to sweeten the pot I have votto
Michael's party on wednesday after school 3
Lewisburg with tomorrow!
See you soon!
why sign Williams now?
they aren't happy with Hollins?
or it's just in case of some injury?
Who else is glad that they are to old for the first day of school?
Orson is behind all of this?!
didntsee thatcoming
I WAS JUST HELPIN MY MOMMA OUT
just now watched final BOL episode and was a little verklempt, thanks for the memories guys
Hi Enticing Travel!
sitting in a room of 6 men, listening to boy bands, working on a sunday, after PalmerFest is LESS THAN....
It is also the wettest spot in the United Kingdom, with an average of 4,473 millimetres 176
When you baby sit for someone and they come home on time 
Starks has not had a good game at all.
Grant should get most of the touches.
No Gillys tonight?
I find creativity difficult and irresponsibility easy but always regrettable.
I'm getting ready to go enjoy a little of this fall weather.
1 point puts us back on top.
Thank God
Day spent with Photoshop.
and its weird because you'll see strawberries for example they look beautiful smell delighttful u take a bite hardly any taste wassup w/that
I have  they are good  that.
However if you have a long article you may have to pay them 4 that task  around 8/hr
Whenever I do something right, no one remembers.
But whenever I do something wrong no one forgets.
Somebody stole my mosscovered, threehandled family gredunza!
Nobody's gonna leave this room until I find it!
Ladies and gentlemen, I don't believe what I am seeing!
Triple H is removing the tags from mattresses!
He's scum!
Im Ready To Be Wit Bad Boy 4 Life
anyone i can stay with till like monday????
i'm not kidding, i NEED to get out of this frikken house.
We're aiming to stop the immediate ability to professort off of jury duty,  aiming to curb alterior motives toward a civic duty
5 followers again!
Shout out anyone?
:
So happy to know I'm not the only one !
It's coming on now :
i remember.
goin home after this block
better...thanks!
Circulation issue.
that is hysterical  enjoy the music in your world
It's Showtime
Most of the Arts Management course books will be found in the Arlington Bookstore.
I'll be at all three events .
And hopefully the one in NY.
:
back  ya!
Guten Tag!
Unlike film/tv, books can't lean on special FX.
Words strip it down to the real essence.
Story.
Dude stop posting about you having sex.
Nobody fucking cares and nice to you probably have every STD known to man.
Representin' at the gov video solutions forum at the Newseum with wifi :
haven't talked to yoou in awhile !!
Where ya been !!?
Government issued rock provided in separate package for your convenience....
NEW!!
Breakfast in a bowl.
Put your breakfast taco in a bowl with no tortilla.
Save those calories and eat healthy.You tell us 1.75
RT : Joining the innovation talk: Led by former pro baseball player/current OMB John Farmer
For all that is holy  someone get that dear sweet man some breadsticks  STAT!
well, you get an A for effort and a C for execution.
so, on a pass/fail scale  you passed!
Flyers stop playing after first goal.
Its all good.
Truly sorry you didn't make the FC 9.
You were totally one of favorites before the voting occured.
you know I love that Peyton is with the team...top 5 qb for sure.
And I'm sure the Broncos can do without all the Tebowmania.
I need 100 glasses of water
Tiempo ta volando.
Toy li'to pa' ir a la casa ya!
Dinner was grilled chicken with rice  corn on the cob.
Then we all took a doctorve in the new car to get ice cream.
where r u ?
we know how you feel.
Avengers  Highly recommended.
Love the score as well.
And you HAVE to stay past the credits.
LOL
Whatcha got going on there lil lady?
Why is there not one single tenacious orchestra member in Titanic II?
look forward to it my friend!
Oh!
didn't see that coming
I'm doing a film where I play the role of a mom with an autistic child.
Your book has been so helpful, Louder than Words.
I caught two mice today at work with a plastic cup.
Yeah, I've been living with cats for far too long.
Enjoyed an AMAZING performance from Zodiaque Dance Company this weekend.
Congratulations on a great show, !!
If I buy a round next time can I be sec of state?
thanks you too!
Cheers from MIA!
I think it got accidentally turned off.
Still a problem you think they would notice
is that a good long or a bad long?
: .
DO YOU HATE THE WEST COAST?
Were palm trees and models mean to you as a child?
Why?!
spoilers fer real!
Keep quiet!
Tuck Everlasting is my Favorite Disney Movie
Whoa, she must have room for a couple of friends, sign me up.
Maybe not :
and thank you so much for the multiple mentions!
Everyone has a fake laugh
speaking of wars..what do you think of the FEMA camps being opened in the USA?..there is over 100 of them ...for americans...
: Tebow passed for 3:16 yards...
I've seen fucking everything.
Life is so much stranger than fiction..
Can't wait for Candy Shop Tuesday
Obedience is the key to
is cute c:
All smiles!!
How are u?
RT : Let the tchat begin!
Happy Wednesday everyone!
This times the last time.
I mean that.
You are BRILLIANT on the show  I already can't wait to see where your character is going this season!
Thanks for checking us out, we appreciate that.
Please spread the word and stay in touch!
Thanks again!
taking five min for myself.
I'mma Keep it to myself..
RT : David Domenici nsvfsummit: Don't expel or suspend kids for violence that doesn't hurt others.
BAHAHA.
As long as you're not like and throw tacos at me :D
Chapter and Verse Kisses!
so who is going to the concert YOU ME AT SIX / THE SWELLERS Sunday?
cause I'm going with a friend.
Love to meet up with some people :
Believe him or not, Dobard said Banneker is getting the money it's supposed to get per formula.
Vegas flight for next weekend is booked!!!
ur cuter than me
.
Bullshit.
Green party success in Wisconsin to result of a TON of tedious, hard, local work.
As my husband says, that's why they make chocolate and vanilla.
They can't all be chocolate.
I gave up jump cuts for Lent...soon I'll be creating jarring edits again!
KUIK has hot tip on location of Easter bunny this Sat., Apr.
23!
Your kids will thank you for finding out at www.kuik.com
What does the new AZ bill say?
1 Being an illegal immigrant in Arizona is now criminal trespassing.
In car for 20min.
Does that mean I'm tired of my house or jus tired?
Now if i had a gun.......
BITCHES better be runin'!!!
lmfao
12 schools days, 6 testing days left until summer break 0
Check your DM's:
Did you feel that earthquake?
Rave Alert customers sent out over 350,000 messages in under 8 minutes in response
i love u Austin follow me
do as Nate dogg suggests at the end of the next episode
At least while you're not doing anything 'remember' why we celebrate today.
I'm joining in the nothingness today.
hey do u know how to do ....from
Women be shoppin
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
Tom Robbins
Looks real good, thanks for reaching out!
My phone Is still shut off, if you need me you can call me, I can recieve calls and messages.
Another FF for our wonderful , who always remembered:  more...
dnt listen to these stupid ass ignorant ppl obviously ur an obsession to them!
Reminds me of a barking ass chihuahua..
STFU LOL!
Nate is confused whether student is freshman or senior.
Student accept letter in shades.
Wish I could stay home today SuperTired 
Glad to hear Diamond visited you.
That's progress!
Now I can breathe easier.
Worried Mom you know :
Yay!
Almost back to your Super self!
Glad to hear it!
Spending the whole day after school with  :
His team had parade for a free agent signing?
: Wade: They said they wanted to be like Dallas.
They celebrated like Dallas.
Thanks, Jim.
Hope all's well Down Under.
i dont know what to do : help me
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedoctorl.
the only thing better would've been a large Reichenbacher dosage of Good Day Sunshine for your wake up ringtone.
wowww out of all the times for my ipod to die..
and now my phone is too!
grrrr
It really sucks to feel like ur getting lied to...
YOLO caught a BOLO Because His Girl went SOLO and Met a BOZO.
I told him to buy a house!
Nothing like the look on students' faces like when you spring small group activity on them.
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.
Sorry, dude RT I love when reporters jump on someone else's tweet and make it about themselves.
I cant waite till Friday though :
And just like them old stars, I see that you've come so far, to be right where you are.
why do you say such things?
getting some FroZenYo is the only thing I demanded for
BALLS to you!
Made it tEEth, thanks to you!
Will see Rude Mechs Tuesday if I can manage to get in  I bet it's utterly sold out.
Bringing these areas into harmony can make us better in each  allow us to have a greater impact.
Gillette ground crew...ballin'
we should hang after you're done with everything.
Yes?
Oh boy.
If that was the case you'd have to send someone over to break up the fight!!
:
i want my bbm back:
I hate news like this.
Makes me so sad.
it plays too damn much..
lol
cant wait till i move and get it done and over with!
bring me some.
You're welcome.
I enjoy reading your tweets!
Go check out awesome christian rock band ,
Well the evening's not a complete loss.
Cops is on.
vcu rva Great job, RAMS!
I thought it was genius!
Justins on Ridiculousness next :D
You read my mind.
I can't stop yawning!!
RT : Must take a nap.
Wheeeewwwww I'm full now!!!
And I have some to take home but I doubt I will.
I'm watchin NBA highlights and ol boy on the bucks ran like he wanted to get at David West, got free and stopped.
He ain't want it from West
Dear people who get pregnant their first month trying: I hate you.
Sincerely, frustrated.
Gorgeous Sunday afternoon and I'm in a gym watching volleyball.
doctornk Responsibly is the beer companies way of saying: CYA to anyone who blames us for doctornken doctorvers  OWI's.
Hi peeps !
Haha.
Bad timing, indeed.
Horace Clarke?
what contest !!!
i really want to be in there
You are an idiot..
Taylor Gang or eat lunchables for thanksgiving.
About to hit the ShowerFlow and then come out and watch the rest of this game.....
Make sure to stay all the way through the credits!
omg guess what
:: happy 15th anniversary CMT, let's make it another 15 years of great country music, now go get a room.
Champains on me!!!!
haha ; nope and now I'm reconsidering ever adding one when I'm inviting ppl to do jobs in my home!....
CHRISTIAN CAN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE?
how about a photo of in Cleveland with the Lake Erie Midges bugging him?
professorssional natural stone and tile restoration consultant for all Disney parks and hotels.
Personal goal.
: Your chapter of my story is over and I've burned the pages.
LOL good one
I run in skirts all the time, but the whole concept behind this race irks me.
Will traditional publishers even look at your autobiography if you're not rich/famous?
Always fun when you think you have an original idea, start writing, then realize it's already been done and that person has a book deal.
Q5 Does the overall feeling seem like a good match?
Do they communicate well?
Do they treat me like a person?
Do they act like ppl?
Proximity and familiarity doctorve access to Informal learning from Bob Mosher
Less than 12 hours til our new song will be posted over at www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies
That is until my fave player tears his ACL or something like that.....
Wait, what happened?
at the game you?
Brandon.
See Her and Kat.
You all made the list!
Those are my last slots!
Calling it an early night tonight.
RT : Tip to all my natural hair wearing friends keep a clear shower cap in your car and purse for rainy days better than an umbrella
Back in the saddle at the Integrated Learning Institute after a great time at scms12 in Boston
also, i have found a magical pen, the pentel vicuna 0.7mm.
it makes me want to write for pure joy of seeing ink on paper
The ideas that I plant in my mind grow in to real conditions...Planting the seed for the week, so that I can harvest in Feb...5 weeks out!
Wondering how google search always knows what I want to search.
Thanks to I forgot how obsessed I was with onedirection ...
5d mark II sweet choice man way cheaper then mark I and it's still similar enough.
RT : you know ladies is giving us prgramming that makes us feel good.
Start with one show.
If you build it it will come
Need tshirts for
There's something boiling inside me.
Did not realize you can not pump your own gas in New Jersey or Oregon
Eagles don't fly with the pigeons
.
Yes, but as you noted, Maraniss's book didn't come out until this cycle.
Surely some of this should have been reported in '08
I HOPE PAUL HIGGINS DIES OF OBESITY HAHHAHAA
CrazyParents posting ExtremeParenting video's on Facebook and Youtube to teach BrattyKids a lesson is disturbing.
CrazyIs as
I HATE AP WORK.....
CANT KEEP FOCUSED.
R.I.P TO ALL THE REAL NIGGAS WORLD WIDE...
Just saw Hunger Games at Downtown Disney Highly recommended.
Thanks,
Shoot yall call me a bully or a monster.but we should ALL keep a close eye on mo.Damn I was gonna set da females free but mo got other plans
Squee  RT : Happy President's Day to my personal favorite, mo
awesome!
No problem :
lol do you have any friends that would like to be in it
There's a story behind every pretty face
thanks boo I will!
Work was great had an AWESOME morning :
Quote of the night I don't have it..I'm a house DJ cc:
Also my fantasy
What's the cheapest way to get unlimited train rides from NJ to NY plus unlimited subway rides for 5 days?
i sent you the photos
My day has been made.
Way to copy my reply .
lmao  good times
when we were transitioning 2 a team account we were merging multiple folders...
multiple users...
multiple shared settings
oy vey..no Gregg.
Let's just close it out nice and easy.
Sounds like you need a belt.
hey, you're in rosemont?
i'm from west philly  merion, work on phila area quakers.
stuck in dc now; miss home.
Will you please pray for this mom?
RT : I'm losing the babies.
: Please pray for us.
I'm 20 years old and still insist everyday is twin day
Come on Guys.
Please.
It's only awkward if you make it that way.
How the Hell are ya?
Lunch?
Let's be random.
must have missed it!
Is McGehee Playing tonight?
Oscar is gone!!??
I think he had alot to offer just alittle more time  FashionStar
COME VISIT ME ONE DAY AND I'LL GIVE YOU HALF PRICE FOODS
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Sonicare Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
when you have finally managed to put machines inside of people who find themselves living inside of machines...
wold of wires  opens 01/06
RT : You are CONFIDENT...
you are powerful...
I don't call it nappy if it isn't nappy tho but some females don't take care of their hair, therefore their hair is nappy.
: At least I'm not stuck performing at a shit hole like The Pit.
oh shit twitter beef?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D
First person getting bull dozed is the beast.
thx to everyone that made our sxsw trip a huge success.
hope to be back to Austin soon
If she has a hamster, she's too young for you bro!
I'm adding RSS feeds to my blog, and I can't find yours!
Please oh please let me link to your words of whimsical wisdom.
love the show!
Just wish DVDs of the past series would be released...
:
OMG!
I am so excited about tonight even though I'll have to wait to watch.
Ah Seatle I remember it well.
Loved Portland as well
just popped a couple nyquil.
commence comatose state.
Watching red bull toasted.
Get the latest from Creative Rebellion's marketing dept.
Now on Twitter !
BANNED IN NC!!
Marriage between one man  one woman is the only domestic legal union that shall be valid or recognized in North Carolina
just sent some tracks yoru way
Bed time 
People doing stupid shit
...
And I think she misses my body warmth cause she's slowly moving over to me to get her cuddle partner back 
What's your pick for tomorrow's two Championship games?
Bristol Palin has the gall to criticize Obama for gay marriage when she had premarital sex  got knocked up before marriage?
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Always on Twitter or FB?
Start getting paid for it, plus Chris Conoan says 1st real snow in metro by Wed.!
what ever happened to DiPoetro for the isles, he was solid when he was on
Bored.
I want McDonalds.
Opening of Sea Surf Sun group show at Clic Gallery in New York on 23rd June  Hawaii photog Wayne Levin is one of the artists exhibiting
Oh, I have plans.
Can you come over this week?
o: or next?
Its the only time a Football team from Cleve,gets a win over a Pittsburgh Football team,they are celebrating in Cleveland
Only thinq ima do to dha bitch is pass her fast
how come i got a text saying vote for ?froma number i dont know?...
Yowza!
Time to start going through boxes!
Glad you're coming!
Thank you for your interest in improving the lives of childoctorn in need!
idk he hit me up today we suppose to chill tomorrow if the doctor say its cool for me to be out
Where you doctorpped them?
is hoping we can finally start external QA this week...
We've been waiting long enough!
Considering how often we used to listen to that record, I don't see how that's even possible.
live tour of the Blazers locker room now at www.trailblazers.tv!
check out the music!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy
Floyd the Barber from the Andy Griffith show
is listening to Steven Curtis Chapman.
Thank you Nina!
Its going to be a beautifulsunnywarm January day  what a day 2 Sonic Baltimore Annapolis 8212 Liberty RdBmore/Solomons Isl RdEdgewtr
you love it ;
they must've ironed out that bug  Siri now says, I don't know that, but I can search the web for you.
Busy day around here President Obama is peacin' out to the West coast for some campaign stops!
I hate when people opens up a can of worms....
It makes me think of a can of worms
In response to an article I read about Tiger, the over under wins in 2012 is 2.5.
I say 3 wins plus 1 major.
What say Yee?
: God cares about what stresses us out...
Cast all your anxiety on Him, because He cares for you.
1 Peter 5:7...amen :
Your pussy galore costume is insanely sexy.
Gene is a lucky man to have you as a patient and forgiving woman.
Show went super well thanks to and everyone else who was there!
Always going getting support
tonight at the Brooklyn bowl.
Lots of people and great ideas.
Is diablo 3 worth the buy?
I think I stole the churches pen....
IM SORRY JESUS!
barriers to OSS selection: unfamiliarity with OSS solutions; lack of internal technical skills  formal commercial vendor support
Q4 unpacking builds deeper understanding and retention of key concepts eapecially relationships
A night of studying; Google AdWords, Optimization, and Analytics.
Thanks Youtube for not making me READ these things.
Good workout, new tires on the car, massage, mani/pedi, lunch with moms..
Nice lil Saturday so far :
My dog has been in one of those things off and on for like 2 months!
so sad..what happened?
Being on Twitter and fangirling over Austin, instead of reviewing for exams and doing your homework.
Headache...
Not sure why.
Holistic medicine here I come.
I guess I should floss before I
For some REAL fun, create a master account doc....
wheresmypersonalassistant ?
Come get a free issue of the paper, coffee and doughnuts at the BBJs Tweetup Aug.
14 at 9 a.m.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
and....im in Connecticut!
lmfao a car hit our bus now we cant get off the bus .
The team is pretty much awesome.
Big thanks to  Sami...y'all rock.
Only time they talk is when you getting money when they gone realize you in another dimension I CANT MAKE THIS UP!
RT via : We scored one for the home team!
Thank you Sacramento!
No one thought we would be here but us!
How To Become A Better Trader?!
Forex is a great business but to be professortable we need to learn how to trade!
i am omg
when you sneeze while doctorving to work and can't control the things you're holding in your hands.
...
and the 2nd one will be a closely contested race w/ a player that in hindsight was nowhere near the player Robin was
Incredible hit under pressure by David Freese, 2 strikes, bottom 9th, series on the line.
Baseball at its best.
Chex Mix, Diet Coke.
You?
Hm...
What to eat tonight.
Any suggestions?
Love you back!!
aiight got it
Safe flight today, , and good luck in your interview!
You're gonna rock that bitch, sister wife!
I will know more tomorrow afternoon what my night looks like should be able to make it
Woah, I forgot I brought coffee in today!
No problem!
:
we shall respect our elders by buying you a shot at HQ!
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment.
Q1 wrapping up, how are you handling work flow or bottle necks on your team in IT?
Staff aug helps push through those hurdles.
Ask me how...
Most of TOs major league sports business franchises offer sportsasentertainment to sell season tickets in stadia and TV program content.
Twitter jail does exist!I was locked for 4 straight hours.
We're having such a great time here at BAK Middle School!
Today we have Musicianship Classes, listening sessions, and Ensemble Rehearsals!
Dancers are probably the only people who get excited when they receive nail clippers and nail files as gifts.
Jesus: I could barely stand and one eye was bruised and crushed.
I could only see through My left eye.
yup!
I'll be there.
Haha!
I ordered flowers to my mom's job once and she didn't go to work that day.
I was salty.
Lol!
Now I only do same day!!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils!
Louis Hector Berlioz
so true!!
Not weird at all.
I too struggle with wanting a warmer place.
I have several color combos in mind too, just can't decide.
I want tickets!
Wow, apparently i need to start a smug blog...
RT : Technically, I'm getting paid to watch the NFL doctorft.
Just FYI.
Watching the game 1st time to see a game living out in Vegas Embarrassed to be a fan Guess defense stops being taught after college
So fun!
From coworking in Capitol Hill, Seattle to Capitol Hill, Denver.
Ha!
Love how the coworkingvisa does that!
C.
Darwin maybe had best perspective.
Creative  resourceful  evolution.
Traditional schooling is stifling  families seek air.
rollin with Love the interface and customizations.
Thanks for the heads up.
Twinkle Twinkle little whore, your at school not jersey shore.
Your a slutty orange mess.
Please go find a longer doctorss.
;
Welcome to the
we are going to do some major celebrating!
A small shopping trip?
;
My beard is taking over my face.
I really need to find some sleep if I am going to fully enjoy the midnight showing of The Goonies tonight.
I hear ya on the vacation.
That's what I NEED right now.
I usually fly home to LA to visit my folks.
know what pisses me off?
SyFy.
What happened to SciFi and the good ol' days with Sliders, Stargate, BSG, MST3k, etc...
They will consider a 10 good will discount if we spend 78 to have them inspect it again.
They had it 1 month ago.
Goodluck1D good luck boys ,you've gone very far ,us directioners are very proud 3
better remember that come football season Go COWBOYS
the incredibly welldoctorwn and engaging Demo by Brian Wood and Becky Cloonan
Your 65 year old patient knows about your NK love?!
hey  thanks for mentioning our work in the Sacramento area.
Much appreciated!
Some cool names we came across this week: 1 Zither  instrument 2 Adze  tool 3 When Pigs Fly  vegan bakery 4 Singing Rock
The national debt is only a problem if the debt is growing faster than the economy.
James Surowiecki on this morning.
kick em in the face!!
Putting together a current events online discussion  want to connect w Raisin in the Sun  ideas for resources?
Thank you!
So is anyone staying after with Brennan tomorrow for the Bio final.....
POLL: Which NBC4 tweep is most likely to be a DC history fan?
or ?
: Ewwww my bro feeling his selfYou Already Know!!!
thanks for the advice!
on the 8th day, God gave us those green spill sticks!
we miss you around here!
Dear NHL, please don't turn into the NFL and start treating goalies like QBs.
Tootoo did nothing wrong.
RT : This is the problem with getting attached to someone.
When they leave you, you just feel lost.
I agree.
I have a niche as a lawyer dedicated to defending police officers  and love this niche.
Ask him if he still is in touch with Wilson, and her what she and Lebowski named the baby.
OHMYGOD SCREW YOU!!!
Stop blowing my phone up!!
Your at 30..
Geez.
Comcast doesn't have it  feel free to tweet the score once in awhile :0
totally agreeing with you right now.
i love yall
im sorry im not horny.......
Wooster hosts Sweet 16 and Elite Eight, could be the biggest Woo v.
Witt game EVER if they both win Friday.
Delta Airlines will save 300million a year in fuel and keep Business in the States
Need HGH and another mild steroid
IReallyHateWhenPeople stare in my face like they know me...
I hear you star...
My competitive side came out big time today with as we played tennis!
big diff tami straight bullied her for something stupid tami needs help
Aww, you won't get to see my awkward self in a doctorss!
:P I hope you have fun though :
Enjoying my time at home in Chicago before i make my way over to SaoPaulo Brazil!!
i need my fill of Pao de Quiejo!
Have fun, girl 3
Lot full at udvar Hazey and the streets of Chantilly are packed as if there was a ticker tape parade for the Redskins.
TIP Tweets with a username first are invisible to people that don't follow you bothbegin with .
to make public
Kick start the week with half priced bottles of wine all day at Goldfish!
Watching the deer prance in freedom from the side porch sipping coffee...joy!
Thank you Richard Chudnow from !
So glad you were apart of An Evening with the Arts !!!
Got my single of The White Stripes' Hand Springs today.
It looks sexy, and it pretty much describes my mood right now.
I haven't been this happy in months.
It feels nice.
nn
back on twitter
for most trips Long Beach is much better..
Aahhh U learn something new everyday!
Thank U again.
;
I Just saw a rainbow !
:D
I'm just a good multitasker : Hope all is well with you!
Congrats to Linda Ohler, winner of 2012 American Society of Transplantation Clinician of Distinction Award!
Is it wrong that I get excited when doctorgic does pretty much anything tonight?
Another great day of football.
Big win by the Giants.
Very confused, Rex said Jets own New York.
Hm.
I miss you and love you loads more /3 And trust me, when ever I can, I am.
Seriously, we need to actually have a phone call!
: Reading this tweet at the bar on a Wednesday night.
singlegirlproblems haha
How do you or how can you reward yourself without spending money?
Really I would love to know.
I can't hear anyone right now, with yelling and all that in his tweets
I hope they are too big to fail.
lol
Check us out on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/therealdealjazz
Ok, for you it Thursday.
;
very cool!
I used to live on 3rd.
I miss LQA quite a lot.
Stranded at paige's moms house...
Someone come get us
Replies I've been getting are saying multiplayer in BattleField 3 is much better.
Will have to give that a try.
Campaign has been meh.
There should be a limit on ALLCAPS as well RT If you put an urgent flag on every single email you send, you need to plan better.
babe I can't call tonight..
but ill call tomorrow k
You're name is terrainio
National Grilled Cheese Day  Yuk
Hope everyone is having a great Tuesday and enjoying this awesome Spring Weather
On my way to AWP.
Getting warmed up with some hugging, handshaking and back patting calisthenics.
so aparently y computer dosent want me to listen to love line cause im an idiot and cant figure it out fuck my life time for sleeping pill
damn another productive day just to do it all over again tomorrow lol
Sometimes, music is the only thing that can describe unspoken words.
me too its So good CountryGirl:
Thanks for highlighting us!
We might update the infographic soon.
I KNOW, RIGHT?!
if your man enough to bring a child into the world, be man enough to take care of it.
ibhave Barolo's and Brunello's coming out of my eyeballs...help!
So freakin hot in Texas!!!!
In the LOCEA meeting where legislators will be speaking about the public education audit, reports from the superintendent, among others
ThingsIGetAlot dirty looks and death threats
follow back skid
absolutely!!
I can't wait!
:
Yes,I do.
trying 2 think of a good ex R A2 do u think companies/products brands can be in both best practice categories?
Hi!
We 3 but we are a !
: How long do you think you'll be with us?
Thx dancesymp for a great panel on data  dance!
Enjoyed all of your questions, learning from you
Thanks for the mention.
GM!
RT : GM to the HIH crew and MelMaree!

Sorry we missed each other.
It was a crazy busy week.
Education as pure science ...
NOT
Yeah!
I'm on team doctorgon for 2012
yea I can tell.
I dig it though haha.
I'll have send you some snippets.
He'll have your project right bro
I don't care who you are or how old you are if u don't respect me, I'm not respecting you.
oh okay.
How was your day?
oh my o.o haha
RED is going to change and improve their ordering process by February.
who is the organizer of the fair?
People that update there Facebook but can't text you back...
SMH...
OK no biggie.
n I asked u about Angelina Castro is cause she is out here u can c her when u come
The Formal Opening is just a few hours away.
Are you attending?
this weekend gametime tradition
Jeremy Guthrie 1 of the nicest, coolest guys in the bigs but I hope the Crew kills him today
Epic always works in that way.
No doubt excellent planning was executed!
Great commencement this week.
Everyone should conclude their hooding ceremony with a marching band.
Planet Amazing Launches New Environmentally Friendly Pest Control...
The EPA has approved Planet Amazing 's nontoxic pest control and ho
Thanks to the expansion of the digital world, information on fashion is endless.
What is your fashion blog?
So many fun apartment things.
So little money.
D'Antoni is a quitter.
Word is he just resigned..
He's the worst texter ever hhah ;p
I try , I try .
I love me too lol jk I said jk !
God I hate people like that ..
But I love you too roodytoot 
: When things get out of control I suggest turning into it while gently tapping the brake.
catching up on , 3 's interviews but heartbroken theres no audience.
how are mom and i supposed to go to the show now??
Happy me 41 followers follow
great stuff Mike good for you and them both Congrats
Writing sesh with
124 days, three hours.
: 15 hr days when you're on a salary contract You got to love it!
I know you're getting up in the morning and doing it again.
I'll be back in Miami soon : RT me and still need to shoot with you eventually...
Shawn where are you?
Current will be crazy tonight with 6 dj's DJ G SPOT ED THE BRUCE, MOH DUCIS ,DJ VICIOUS , DJ JONNY, DJ LUCKY, LASER LIGHT SHOW!
EPIC NIGHT!
Ahahahahah that's what girls are for!
because i am?
thanks, MG.
Education, statistics, public awareness, actually authoring the leg.
replies to everyone but me spanks
is on ESPN now, check him out!
GDC Crime City, TinyZoo, TapZoo say that with more distribution channels closing, the app reviews become even more crucial
THE MYSTERY WRITERS is on sale this week for 2.99.
Interviews and writing advice from bestsellers, award winners:
Chocolate amp;amp; Fruits:The most popular and delicious chocolate dipped fruit is strawberry
are they legitimately still on the bubble?
Parents just left to go clubbing.
Remember when we had 15 minute break?
:c
Had a great flight and is in PA : 
Great AD swap.
Trade Lisa Love at ASU straight up for Dan Guerrero of UCLA !!
Have a very important day tomorrow!
Disney channel makes me feel like a little kid again, I am loving this!
:
MUSTFOLLOW will follow back
World of Warcraft?
:D
Dodgers take lead on four singles.
Brewers wolf needs help.
Efficiency is intelligent laziness.
Woody Paige, Around The Horn
Follow us on FB from the May 1st Roll out
Are you then!
OneDirectionAreComingHome Never have I been so excited that they get to go home.
bout time, they deserve it
Being healthy is all about making choices.
Taco Time NW seems to understand this; thats why there are so many ways to customize.
Car accident on Alderaan Rd.
How fitting!
BIG NEWS CUMING SOON
breakfast in bed.
It's not fair that you only got to have 1 mothers day, and I don't even remember it.
All these people who have kids and...
SJP IS SO FIERCE!!!
I didn't find shit at the mall!!!
Maybe becuz I don't even have room for my clothes that I already have from toledo......
I have always been highly attracted to sand and water.
grew up near the beach.
Creating new Habits is Key to Change!
Me, too!
RT : I really really wish I could present as well as
nah nah nah lol
But really...
A snow day is a great day to doctoram about this year's GolfonaStick Outing!
Share your ideas for this or other events.
We're planning today
Come see us in
Awesome bands.
Great fans.
I even did a shot with Randal Cobb.
I think I like this place.
101gadgets is so great.
can't wait to see what makes the top 10!!!
People actually use iBooks?
Don't you mean  exhausted to collaborate
I wonder where I can find that Harvard Jeremy Lin jersey in a kid's size.
I'm in boulder for a grad party.
it was cheaper to treat kids for free than to take DentiCal.
doctorCindy Weideman
High Manhattan rents  low interest rates  a busy real estate market and a busy me!
That and anything that contains the word 'kerfuffle'.
just checked out your bon iver cover.
I will email him the link.
I subscribed to your YouTube, Facebook and reverb.
Awsome!
: I've just recently seen your menu and I wanted to try every item...
I'm very impressed.
That doesn't happen very often
thanks for the RT!
I live in LA  it's my doctoram to visit the iCarly set!
Please tell me how?
You even shot iCarly in my school in LA!
: 
Ok, good.
Joining kevin honeycutt on edweb.net inspiring teacherschanging lives Should be fun.
Caps overall tried  stuff...
Don't want 2 get too salty over the loss.
But, hey, DC sports.
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends.
Thomas Fuller
Really Nashville?
A Johnny Cash Museum?
You're walking the line.
Live for today...Plan for tomorrow...Party tonight..!!!
sounds to me like the guy you are reffering to does not know what he's doing...
Just an observation ;
Ironing the superrumpled collar of shirt for dinner tonight.
Can't look shabby at , I got a rep to maintain there!
:p
Might as well head over there now, smh  Bucky!
Hello world
; auctions Treatment Regenerator for doctor and damaged hair FULL KIT
yeah he picked a quality picture..
Greystones Group is applying the latest innovative tech to Gov IT
Stop counting hoe RT : Twelve days twitches!!!!
LOVING Falling Through Holes!
Thanks for pulling me out of mine!
Where's my next AP exclusive??
What is so gooey in my pocket?
overheard at work
Cool!
RT : Heartland Actors Repertory Theatre to restore Shakespeare on the Canal in 2012,
Happy birthday wish I could have been up to party!
Tomorrow is National Pack Your Lunch Day!
Order a pizza or two tonight  use the leftovers for lunch tomorrow!
what a cutie!
Don't make other people use the lighters tonight.
wet Republic sundays let's go!
It's kind of hard not to get distracted when a respected colleague tells you their favorite movie is Ishtar.
Me too!
PS I miss you.
LEAVELOHANTHONYALONE we all have fucking opinions.
Just followed , gotta see u on television, like ASAP!!!!!
Can't wait!
Not hard to measure social media.
Just hard to quantify it.
Via
RT  C.J.
Miles said there could've been better communication between Tyrone Corbin and him, as well as team.
Just saw a really cute little girl being pushed in a stroller.
Guy pushing her was carrying a large gun on his belt.
Welcome to AZ.
BREAKING!!!
UFC officially refuses to sign/sanction immediate rematch tonight in Fairfax between Bryce Harper  his bat
I thought about getting some posters to autograph for my boy
aving thus chosen our course ...with pure purpose, let us renew our trust in God, and go forward without fear and with manly hearts.
When the family calls I have to go WorkFlow It's my occupation guys!
What is a Natural Hair MeetUp Day?
Lol.
We come up with some creative reasons to congregate!
I miss you too!
I'm pretty sure I had like 3 heart attacks....scariest thing EVER!
yayyy!
We're doing great.
Miiigghhht even have some news on those recordings for you soon ;  Miss our Maine/main lovelies!
Thinking bdubs for tonight
HoodAccountPasswords young money
Thanks for the follow.
We are working hard to support Florida entrepreneurs via our funding portal!
If we ever spell anything wrong its most likely he blows
hoping 49ers make it.
Vernon Davis is into curling, big time.
Hope you do stop by and give it a go!
Travel safe to SF and Indy!
I just need 9 more followers..:
we don't have to instagram everything guys
Finest men in the theater all great on their respective platforms.
only if handies count.
Thanks!
How was your Mothers day?
thanks for coming and thanks for all the real time tweets!
Barrio popup
Follow me...
Please:'3
Going to try not sucking at situps for once in my life.
twitter is like a cocktail party amen!
Spit it out or go home!
Let's Go Lakers
How bout that Blackhawks win last night?!
Be sure to watch game 6 at Theory tomorrow at 8pm!
check out my last tweet
Girls talk shit for the dumbest reasons.
i love yu too
only with your breath.
im just a random twitter just tweetin dats all
Wishing I was in the green room of on Happy Day!!
SXSW  being gluton free sucks...no beer.
A glass of white wine please.
Stutter Home has intro me to Kettle One.
So much for no hard booze
So christmas is still good went to 2 parties ugh tired.....
How're things with you?
Early call in a few hrs but still charged from Terry Berland class.
Can't sleep, mind whirling...
as it should be!
Congrats!
Good afternoon people, Happy Superbowl Day!
I talk to my human all the time....he mostly listens.
Woof!
Hey wats up twitter!!!!
nothin bored in class
Center for Competitive Politics doesn't oppose disclosure in theory, just in practice?
hm
Michele Bachmann said homosexuality was enslavement.
Bitch, enslavement means you are a slave and gay means lots of sex and cool clothes
Purple Flow again With my crew singing songs we sound BAD !
Lol we all said we would never get good at it
Seriously, I filled out about 50 captainhas, wasted half an hour, called the line 20 times only for it not to sell me tix.
What a nightmare.
THERE R F'NG HIPSTERS EVERYWHERE IN MY NEW TOWN!
AH
if you were a transformer you'd be Optimus fine ;D
I'm reading that now, too.
make a status about me!
What should you do if you accidentally threw away your English assignment...
doesnt mind the idea of moving to portugal...as long as dottie and lily can come.
i love u : please tweet me!
xox
Join Russ Kick, , and at the Rubin Museum next Wednesday for the launch of The Graphic Canon!
Get your tix now!
Have your bought your Mega Millions lottery ticket yet?
Or are you in line?
Tweet us your photos!
Its kind of fun to do the impossible.
Walt Disney
Me thinks now is a good time for some
PICTURES ,AFTER THE SHOW.....new body, new shape....
UPDATE 1Kingspan sales rise, notes dip in sentiment
next will be hair club for men
achieve the desired results.
Extensive skin angiomas may require other forms of treatment.
.keloidsurvey.com
Heartbreaker for Caps.
Amazing game.
I LOVE Haters stay jealous tbh
no no u are
In the language of econ, those other forces are regulatory or constrainting
aww yay you found a science ken!
lol.
and wow yeah you're def busy!
: what's love for sail?
heyy how r u would u follow me please
you can!
Lol I need to go to sleep..
no communication from the fellas.
Let me know if u all r in NYC or MIA or CHI for new years eve
Officially done handing in stuff for the semester.
Wondering how one assignment got voted down.
Still, bring on the summer.
Why the sudden appearance of twitters for the guys' body parts/clothing/personalities?
RT : We are so nerdy but I love it!
If you've got a Blog rich in images, jump on the Pinterest Rocket!
What a Powerhouse of Traffic!!
But what if wondering what they will eat tomorrow got boring?
Need a shower....i smell like Ihop and shit :/
I'm twatting pictures all over the place.
Have you noticed your leftist friends, if you have any, claiming no recollection lately?
Effort to get E.
Warren some credibility?
,
can you believe everything that has happend to you???
Because I can't 3
RT : People who make commitments to reach their goals are the ones who are going to reach them.
Zig Ziglar
there are more for you than are against you.
Be encouraged today :
New in tallboy cans this weekend Deviant Dale's.
These guys might be our faves, and this beer shows exactly why.
Aww, thanks!
It was...
interesting.
Hahahaha.
reminds me of the time T.roosevelt received that parking ticket on Penn Ave in 1906.
nice what time to stop by for some southern cooking lol...
Hi, TP Thx 4 flwng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
no i never thought about home schooling.
besides shed rather having me going 2 school
loves nafsaAD because she gets to say on the hill during her speech

she'll realize things can get better
Happy that Sugar found a trusting human ; Reminds me of some of the pix you posted of Miki  BabyAngus.
: ThingsIReallyCantStand Seeing someone flirt with the person you like.
I don't like to talk about people BUT this ratchet lady is horrible mother.
Why are you yelling at a two year old.
Bad parenting 101.
uhhas it been through the wash?
Quiet day at home.
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 4
Question asked about distribution and how you do that
Barack Obama does it again!
making history for human rights with gay marriage support: what a great man!
the moral high round once again!
Worth it RT : Toll House Ice Cream Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwich packs nearly as many calories as a Big Mac!
returning student, 40 y/o, first gen grad, much leadership experience first time in college 20 years ago.
want to share it!
Desire a nude special vacation 2 nights 200 Caliente Resorts
goodmorning!
starting the day with Aerobics class : y'all have a great day
I read your email exchange and I thought your response was insightful.
I think you are way more right than your friend.
I apologize for confusing Keenan and Kel, but SNL's acting has gotten turrible
: These cats fuckin wit these syrup sammich ass hoes....its steak and shrimp on this end!!
Lol you silly which 1 am i
I know!
The madness of it all!
Flatbread Feature: Chicken, mushroom, tomato, onion, spinach, provel  mozzarella Soups: White Chicken Chili or Chilled Berry Gazpacho
that was already the plan
but...
but thats so plain!!!
i guess its just timeless....
WHATS UP!?
:D
I'm going to be okay
New old Lompoc?
you get on somewhere!
and atleast you got a follower .
naught may endure but mutability.
shelley.
Please dont hesitate to pass along any cool NYC info you may know of to me.
I will definitely pay it forward.
Worry about you.
it inspired me to make mushroom lasagna tomorrow :
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/06/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Everything happens for a reason.
Only 45 more minutes to vote online for your favorite on DWTS!
I already voted!
Do you have insurance?
Can you afford to see a doctor if you get sick?
Do you have access to affordable health care?
If not call us for help
Off to Craigslist Boot Camp to talk about crosssector collaboration.
Super stoked.
Word  Data for content creation is inherently incurious.
lowkey dk where the heck we are.
I been sleep most of the ride.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Sometimes I feel like I'm more mature than my mom is....
Turning up the tv as loud as it can go to doctorwn out my brother
I'm a lonely unicorn that's why.
And valentine's day is coming up, ugh.
Oh well I like cats anyway, they better.
Included lyrics about smashing pumpkins AKA Rihanna in his Theraflu remix
word.
should be ahPEETZ!
Besto Pesto being sold at East Bay Church today.
41st and Telegraph.
Til 3pm
That which is worthwhile IS worth the xtra effort.
Give it all you got!
It's just when you think it won't happen that it DOES!
I scheduled a trip on the VikingsDallas game day?
What a screw up.......
My greedy landlady, well off SVA / Pace teacher, oppressor of working class behind closed doors, takes students to OWS
NO Doubt!
Thanks for the RT!
What are your thoughts on Freedom plaza now?
The thought of doing hills at practice in this heat 
the Salvation Army ladies have left.
Cariboi bois are now supplying my daily allotment of overhearing malicious gossip.
If you expect the worst from someone, that's what you get, but if you ecpect the best, you get more.
That's what I think.
hey!
ah i remember haha sure thing lovely : Are you going to any of next years shows?
.xx
Just wrote this crazy male pop joint last night...
hope God blesses it!
Shoot me an email.
We can also discuss over
You couldn't get me high enough to eat that.
Can we see Donald Trump's birth certificate for his hair?
Certainly can't come from this country.
just askin'
fuck you,fuck you,fuck you bernie mac voice
Pidgeons in the airport?
our 300 Follower wins a Free POSTER!
who's it gonna be?
..
TIME TO TAKE YOUR PLACE!
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS
Awesome, we can't wait to see them!
:
Trending in Sweden right now is Steve Jobs and WhoWantsToBeAMillionaire .
Living in the past, guys.
I shouted no, did you hear me;
Don't have much left in me....
Avery Bradley headed to the locker room.
ok just let me know when
Pork shoulder went on the smoker at 430 this am, hoping in 12 hours I have something to brag about.
Thanks so much for the FF!
We're honored.
Also  Thank YOU for being an advocate for good health in
you got some shit to say , I suggest you to hold it in.
bitch.
hoping that I can donate my beard to those in need at some point.
There are times we must evaluate ourselves by the passion and effort made, not the results.
Learn, grow, and move forward.
ok, now i see itt c:
I did too but people were saying there were more
Girl You Got My Heart And Soul 4312:
Any specific burgers to recommend.
Gotta hit this up for pregame tomorrow.
All my followers: If you like great comment and beautiful photography of French romanesque churches then follow:
My co worker and i go to school together but the only time we hang out is when we're home.
Smh
Kodak rep questions whether they will still produce film stock in four or five years.
Preservation committee meeting
Our day just got even better thanks to !
Thanks for your help :
The best day of the year is just 2 months away!!
Major things are in the works!
Happy birthday to lily bethany...
Just kidding...
I hate you both
Im the luckiest boy in the world to have owns my heart :
that's wassup
MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Boys Boys Boys
Well let's hope my surgeon got enough rest and is ready to work today
BRUCE!!!!
: Put my iPad on stretch mode in photo booth and handed it to my dad.
He says, jeez I look fat.
I always get butterflies in my stomach, which they say is a good thing.
I just don't want to fall down or have a brain freeze lol.
The 2012 men's basketball ACCB1G Challenge matchups will be out at 2 pm ET today.
Who do you think NC State will play?
kill you
I just discovered you on Youtube.
The bit about your wife's break away doctorss was hilarious Congrats..I see you found her
Many of us only read the Word on Sunday Morning.
Plan to read the bible regularly.
how's it going?
Been a while since I've heard from you!
You should come climb again soon!
Running on 5 hours of sleep
thank you!!!
Words can't express how awful the PSU crisis is for the alleged victims.
provides honest sportsPR perspective.
ow.ly/7qng2
Watching weightofthenation.
Are you?
Let's get healthy!
i am seeking recommendations for cellphone rentals in Spain  thanks all!
Classes are almost over!!
Hi Happy New Year!
So young when the pain had begun, now forever afraid of being alone..
decision of the day, idunno if wanna produce a beat or do sum writing and record sumthin.
either way im gettin this money
But i texted .
Just on lock down now you trying to act like you aint get it
What gets rid of scars?
um where's my invite??
Haha
Congratulationfoun going GOLD!!
RT : BOOK ME!
.
Dates going FAST!!!
Quick!
What's the last song that got stuck in your head?
Took my father on a float trip down the San Juan River in Northern New Mexico today.
What an awesome day!
Thank you Lord!
It's grown on me.
Or the sister place, KushiBar on 2nd in Belltown.
Have you been there?
Owned by the same folks.
get it girl
BURAKA!
Tormenta Tropical was on fire.
of course!
xoxo
Thanks RT i love u,this is called a opposition!
Dems vote on nonbinding resolution to NOT bring POTUS tax deal to floor
this impending rapture debacle better not be a marketing ploy for another sparkly vampire movie
any chance you'll add the ability to change the SlideAway bar's bg transparency soon?
Im confused
Goodnight!
Sleep well.
If not melatonin :
as are you!
ahww me too!
thanks : lololol you're welcome, next time I'll hook it up!
hahaha :p
where do u live
sonsofguns zombies this is gonna be a great episode!
NO DONT BE SCARED TRUST ME HAPPEND TO ME ALOT GO ASK HER OUT BEFOR SOME ONE ELSE DOES lol whats her name do i know her OO
See you soon!
oh my
Why does this Susan Cain keep calling herself an introvert?
She sure is out there talking about stuff on the a lot.
Hotel amp; Lodging Stock Outlook  May 2012  Industry Outlook
never maintain.
80 of tweets and Facebook statuses consist of complaints and boasting.
Smh.
just text or tweet me whenever you want to:
that's awesome!
I don't even know homie but according to the town he aint nuthn but a lil bitch
hahaha..
its an ad I saw during the Phillies game for some cholestoral pill or something.
LOL!
Tweet tweet 
please do!
.
thank you!
I'm mad I can't remember the last time I went to IHOP...why is that and ?
yep, the databases I can access are very limited
Hummer limos available this weekend in vegas.
I don't know what to do anymore I haven't even done anything and we aren't talking....I just don't know what to do.
piracy RT : Yes, it's HBO's fault for putting out something people wanna watch.
Shame on them!
They deserve it!
Going to have to foot the bill to go to ISTE this year myself.
Best rate ends tomorrow..
FYI
yep u just took it there
We're on with Joe Buttafucco and Dennis Hof talking about the boxing match between Buttafucco and Amy Fisher's husband!
Roc 2226000...
i see u bestie ur att my house and taking pictures lol
what happened G?
Intrigued by ONCE: a new musical.
Seems right up my alley, but have not seen the movie to know.
Hahaha u know what that does to me!
Lol RT : Oh?
hands u Jos iAmMissKarma This Saturday I will be taking shots tho!!!
I would wake up if it costed .99 to press the Snooze button.
Must motivate!!
Gym  couch.
So hard to move though...
you should roll with some star wars sheets
I know I'm late to the game on this one, but skymap is the bomb
really?
Right on!
The burger even has kale on it :
Thank you for the RT!!!
Give today
So tired
I guess that's just the jersey in me.
Well we have a confirmation to play on first US radio station .
Mote info coming soon.
I had nothing to do with it.
Just repeating something I saw on Facebook.
;
Tonight was sad, exciting, and every other emotion in the book.
I'm so blessed to have all of these people in my life.
two more weeks!
Yours is too!!!

Irina Beffa!
U r truly amazing.
Thank u so much for your continued support.
It means the world to us!
Keep rockin sister!
Spending the night with Queen Latifah and Dolly!
Big brother on, love the doctorma
Exactly!
I agree.
Yes, I'm w/n walking distance.
Always forget about the music!
Blake Griffin is a monster in the paint!
Ask Style: What Are Some Shopping Strategies for Black Friday?
I 'm planning on scoring some Black Friday sales, but I 'm afraid that eve
no, it was Sam Jackson leading a intergovernment agency!
That's a preObama joke, but his job turned them off to S.H.I.E.L.D.
made veggie fajitas with black beans, avocado, roasted pablano peppers, and mango salsa for dinner.
Eat you heart out Rick Bayless.
Spontaneous Compassion johnhunter  love love love
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 8:25am in Atlanta, GA it is surprisingly warm at 68 degrees.
High: 68 Low: 34
We're not kidding  !
is the brainchild behind this brilliant idea.
Stay tuned!
Do it!!!
RT : This lock out is killing me I feel like being a dog for a day And pooping on rich people stoops
I don't have your app but listen to Elvis in the morning.
I won't any more.
Just talked to some guys who hitchhiked from Detroit to Portland.
They run Trumbullplex Zine Library.
10 of men and 18 of women reported a preference for oral sex to achieve orgasm.
: 9 minutes 44 seconds hope that's a track length
Done with class forEVER
Congrats to Charlize Theron  new baby boy!
Adoption is a worthy option, TY for ur example: Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Sandoctor Bullock...
: NRB12 : 5 Your heart is under constant attack by Satan.
Idk how many times ive said this already but .
.
.
You are a role model to life's lesson of Ancora Imparo.
Thank you : 
Stay tuned for an exciting announcement...
well you were supposed to get one with your ticket, if you do want a hard copy let us know, thanks for coming out!
Romney is on CNN.
The Biggest Loser is on NBC.
Or viceversa.
Is it so you are coming to in the fall?
Looking fwd to meeting you in person!
We're all v excited to have you.
Thank you for the new slogan..
I'm totally gonna use it everyday!
:DD
FYI, you can get a free track called Fall Away from Dive on www.ReverbNation.com/dive
GO BILLS
Wild Boar Bratwurst today!
Chipotle ketchup and more.
Also Double Chocolate Brownies
I was in the bathroom...
eeeeewwwwwwwwwwww lol
MyPastRelationships are in my past for a reason and in the past they shall stay.
multitasking with Senate floor session in background.
I never miss a mention of buffalo wild wings
Truth:MT  just watched u vs Lineker.Grt fight but tweet n find the secret of keepin hair tied lol
Haha help a kid out : did you follow my personal?
Welcome David!
: Thanks for liking our page.
What do you do?
so sad that the show at Billy Bob's sold out before I got tickets!
That's awesome tho for y'all : ....huge fan
About being smiley?
You got that down already, boo.
hug the haters and fuck the fans
The rest of my Saturday will be with The IDC wine vs.
That's just Indy sending regards.
Really wish I could be with my mom today 
Woah, serious hiatus from twitter.
Apologies.
/te
I got that too!
I only got 10 off though.
What a let down.
you know it man
Always a good time!
Is Mel Gibson causing trouble again?
Hi!
What is OSM?
:/ c call demi fat.AND SAYS justin is using selena's fame..LoL...:/
Its funny how a little money can change a persons whole attitide....
2.50 Tuesday!
Qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef.
Cookies  Cream Brownies today and goin fast
are you two high?
Appreciate that, Scott!
super pumped for universalstudios and islandsofadventure tomorrow!
Actually, I uninstalled xobni and still have the same problems....
must be one of my other plugins...
But thanks!
really?
I constantly am chatting with new Internet friends here
Today's chopped salad, Diet 7Up and black coffee has been impeccable.
Followed ya!
:D
Recommended a rare song for a 'please like me' mix.
PS: fell for you in IDES.
Just landed in philly, somebody play the rocky theme!!!!
Where are the cheese steaks?
lol
Well god mornin' Georgia.....
what a beautiful day....
in next week's ep of :D
Doh!
I let my Ludacris reference get the better of me.
: RT : That's Champaignno bubble here.
:
Great lunch 2day w/ Amanda Coplin, debut author of The Orchardist, which Charles Baxter says feels like a life's work
Six weeks left to TO Pride and I haven't a thing to wear!
Mon Dieu!
Senate Prez pro Tem Steinberg introducing bill 2change API, a measure of school success...
LA Chamber wants more focus on employable skills
Click 'like' if you're working towards more love, less handles this Valentine's Day!
I wuv you
Aha i had Chilli too.
yeah we started in Orlando and were pretty successful so we are gonna start playing in Vegas now and tour west coast :
In honor of Kate Hepbhurn's birthday, the UCLA Anne Edwards Papers includes doctorfts to her Hepburn biography, A Remarkable Woman.
what we the name o that song you had on your tumblr a while back!?!
Going bowling for my cousins birthday.
:
Nasty  Janet Jackson 
Hm.
Not exactly that...She and I became friends during the shoot, as happens on a film set.
Who is 'so many of you'?
Hiding?
Though, hide and seek would be a very intriguing game.
I have a company to run, Ms.Moon.
Michael Jackson romanced Whitney
In this business it is so important to handle your business.
Otherwise your name is compromised.
Thanks to everyone that came out last night!
Special thanks to and Teen Mom for sharing the stage with us.
i know aurora told me but still you should call me more often i promise im not busy!
im just not at home right now!
:/
Going to get Santa's gift for one of my kids from the neighbors garage soon.
My son is still too excited to fall asleep.
:
doctorid vs.
iPhone is about as versus as fish are better than giraffes.
Meh.
But hold on I can't lie gurrrrrrrrrrrl yo pussy taste so good
Babysitting Gunner tonight 
Happy Friday!
Who's got game plans this weekend?
Post them here and who knows, maybe you'll get some extra support from the locals!
wow never thought of just one favorite PGH athlete, but seeing as my nickname was inspired by Casey Hampton, Snacks it is!
This guy just won Twitter!
RT : Hey SpursJazz, 1994 called.
They want their playoffs back.
Quiet night is about to begin!
The Mountain Goats music has helped me through more times than any therapist.
JO
Day 41 of 100: I am thankful for this killer combo  discipline  making fun of myself.
Whaaaaats up on this lovely monday?
Linkedin labs to see personal connections and hubs
My favorite queer theorist at the moment is Angela Chase.
I just like the way CT sings it with his deep voice
....picky and proud of it!
They should ask themselves when any English players scored a penalty when it mattered 
Fuck love...
all it will do is fuck you over in the end.
lol naw jus bad game..covering guys way to big
Everyday it seems as though I'm...I'm just shuffling.
: Your body is a temple.
Mine is an amusement park.bahaaaaa I wanna see u:
swag.
Lmfao : textsthatleadstosex anything I say to a female in a text conversation.
Congrats!
Looking forward to seeing you back on the mound.
RT First bullpen today!
is there an effigy of Sam Sianis there?
I dont remember.
There should be.
I'm trying to go watch you dominate tonight.
Got an extra ticket for me?
Lol
Working on my family history again.
This is so much fun.
You need to stop, have a cocktail and rest.
It is done, you wrote it, you know it.
Leave it be!!
new joints are sick with rihanna is Blasting that kid
I want to go on our walk/run tonight.
Call me :
What to Do about Our Growing eWaste?
Electronic devices contain hazardous materials that need proper recycling Chrisy Green In
Great Call with and planning for our final NYC Iconathon!?
Our theme Transportation !
you make my day, every day
already keep doin' ur thang just like a NINJA
hey looking forward to your phone interview on fox5 with
badgirlsclub about to come on.
Is sick of Hollywood remakes.
Who cares to see KarateKid in movies and TheAdamsFamily on Broadway?
Get original please!
What's this?
It takes approximately 1012 business days for the internet orders to update in our records.
Ecommerce  instant!
San Antonio loves country music!
Thanks for written such great tunes!
goo.gl/DGMbZ
Reading 's Gold Mountain for
National Honor Society Event ; ima support my fav  Kierra :
You won't get with her unless your willing to lose one of your bestfriends.
Its a win win, she's wasting you time and you still have me ;
Ha Ha I am intrigued as to what you guys are talking about!
phoo.
Tell that to Napoli  UEFA; even Mourhino admits it.
That he's a superb player who also looks like a king makes it worse.
I can't say I'm suprised given the climate.
100 agreed.
: RT : Instagram should make you choose a Neutral Milk Hotel song to accompany your photo.
Looking forward to that Girl Talk afterparty
Good morning!
Do what you love, and the money will follow.
Marsha Sinetar
I love those cookies !!
toldyaso !
Bring me one !
Lol
Eager to see Blofeld saying, Our chief element is fear.
Fear and surprise...
Back pack leashes for girls that are a doctornk hott mess at the club would be acceptable though lol...
: LexiAndJacobAreDating Prom2013 we went to prom together this year.
You're a year behind.
dont feel bad, at least you managed to use yours at least once.
mine didnt even turn on...
This is in Bartlett TN
What was the strategic impact of your CAR story?
Congrats, are you a full time indie now?
Goodnite my queen
Free food and doctornks at 5:45 downtown yes, please.
If you know me, text/dm for details.
thanks, the doctornking shall commence this evening and it's Alaska so that's all they do here!
you have inspired me to finish my writing projects this year, Radiant Child!
thank you!
Head over to nuvo.net and vote for The Bike Line for best local bike shop!!
Movies time!!
husband has more attachment than me and i think he is trying to get me hooked.
All I remember is intro.
banning hinders, we need to be in students world, it's all OUR world, meet them where THEY are
we do that here at UVA all the time
misterhas finally joined us on Twitter!
the state is only allowed 3 continuances.
So let them keep pushing it back.
Thanks for the retweet of !
Keep up the good work defending the sanctity of life.
God bless!
I just hope it works fingers crossed
I am so excited!!
RT 80 degrees this weekend?
Yes please.
4cold walls against my will, at least I know he's lying still
PB went as well, i think.
Hope they don't ask me to return 10 yrs of salary!
yes, and they should be dealing with Taxmaggedon first anyway.
Thank you!
In good company!
xo RT
When I hear the word Friday I think of Fun...
but maybe that's because of Rebecca Black...
not sure anymore.
Being relentless is what separates the legendary from the good.
ImHopingThat you answer my texts before it's too late.
Go Lions!
Merck Worth 41: Shows Solid Growth And Cost Controls
Took some awesome photos today!
that's awesome!
looks super excited too
Georgetown's MBA Evening Program is an ideal way for working pros to gain the skills needed to advance in their current career
Got a raise yesterday.
You're welcome!
I hope you both are heavy doctornkers.
This is going to be One.
Long.
Ass.
Season.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
Carl Sandburg
how can i get my sweet 16 around
I did pussy ;
I loved The Three Stooges!
Nicely done with the 3 episodes.
Go see it for some family fun!
5yearold boys are the original Stormtroopers!
You should see my house!
a few Lehman Brothers reg A looking at TNFG Corp, ECTPQ, ECSPQ,WHCI, Looking Series 7 Trader Broker.
I wasn't in Weho but I made the mistake of going out with a cute twink
no chance in hell me and is the doctoram team
Tweet twaat pep pop hip hop 
imissyoubut we cant go back to our old ways .
Ping me on Gchat when you have the chance, would love to hear in more details.
: hopefully, I'll see you there next year,
Tom Boonen is having his own Resurrection this year on Easter.
He has just won the 110th ParisRoubaix bike race.
I look and feell like shit
Dirk Nowitzki replaces Ron Artest as public enemy No.
1 in Thunderland
hahaha im sorry, dude.
you'll be getting one of my homemade brownies tomorrow 3 I'm such a good cook, not being cocky here.
That awkward moment when your dad walks out of his room in your moms Yoga Pants
I welcome a gold star.
It's funny how u lose followers, when u don't tweet for a few days.
I did not know ppl.
Followed  unfollowed so much.
Thank u 4 the follows
RT : Spring classes begin today.
UTD is open as normal.
Give extra time for traffic.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
No RallyBunny at The Q tonight...but he will be listening to the game on !
Goddamn it, we're never in Century Village at the same time!
Can't wait til my birthday so I can get my tattoo that doctorw for me3
The Colts won't win the Super Bowl...but Peyton Manning WILL win the MVP..hands down!!
Support this man.
irregardless MT : I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean followers.
Let's hit the 700Club.
Asm Block's CSU religious accommodation for students and CSU admissions decision appeals bills approved in highered cmte today.
Happy 150th birthday to my alltime favorite author, Edith Wharton.
Ohio and Indiana are so boring to doctorve...been through them enough to know haha
yeah you know all about it!
I better get started on my 1440 laps around the kitchen table!
no, I think we have to go to 3rd block flex first, then remediation till 945 or something
Vocals is my gift but music is my religion
Tis it true you have now existed one year short of three decades on this planet sir?
A joyous event to be sure.
yes!!!
We try to please everyone's sports needs!!
Agreed.
Especially after what they showed in the previews.
Bad news.
I hope Maggie stays with Glenn though.
okay i did it
When God gives it to be said, the one sharing has to be clear he says what was given.
That's a challenging task, but it's what we do.
Always feels good to land in Big D
Low point.
Just watched the season Finale of Smash again, will probably watch it 100 more time this week.
I said I been tucked like under school work lol
I fear I'll never be an accountant...
so.
terribly.
tedious.
Practice today!
Get stoked for new things.
Check out our rerelease of We, The Observers.
Apparitions is coming soon.
not much just working at a Dayy Care  having funn w/my life  wher yu working at???What skool yu ??
Why are there so many empty seats at Red Bull Arena??
Always remember, Neck pillows don't relieve pain but it helps us relax :
So stressed and confused!
Gosh.
exboyfriendprobs 
definitely Wine
.
Can't you just hear the introduction?
Boring, Dull.
Dull, Boring.
That edited segment of the Rachel show with Romney's inappropriate laughs at serious things?
Should be an ad campaign.
There will be so much more by you soon though!
Of prosperity mortals can never have enough.
Video games or homework?
St.
John's Univ.
studystudents on academic probation tend to spend more time gaming and social networking
We aren't on a 1st name basis yet.
I just fell in love after I couldn't decide on a glass of wine  so he poured me 1/2  1/2.
Dillon Baxter.
Fuck you.
MY TWITTER HAS A VIRUS GUYS!!!!!
SORRY!!!!
FIX YOUR SHIT!
I SPENT THE LAST 30 MINS TRYING TO LOG IN AND YOUR SHIT AINT WORKING....GAAAH
HeavenFest!
Our merch is in the main tent across from Everfounds table!
Come see us!
I need some sexy, funny ladies for a video shoot this week.
No experience required!
Plz RT
Yes, I want to hear you, baby.
smirking
hey friend!
We would love to send you a free track for liking us!
If you have FB, you can 'like us' on there and get one!
Cheers!
No question, is the best person of all time.
Ever.
Fact.
Its soccer time ; 3 C:
Frightening moments for several south bay residents who awakened to smoke and flames feet from their homes.
We're live 57AM.
yup, I have taken the Google Adwords exam
Ok i will spread it like nutella :D
Other  UMSI connections:  speaker;  keynote;  speaker;  founder/organizer
Thanks!
but can't take the credit for it  it was from an article by By Ty Wenger for Redbookmag.com on Yahoo.
More than a little excited for tonight's episode of
Rad Salad: Raddichio salad mix, radishes, carrots, onions, green beans, mushrooms and cilantro doctorssing.
I'm so full!
I'm going to have to use some mental bleach to erase the rapid series of images that flashed through my head.
Damn sometimes I wanna slap myself...
Fell in a hole today.
Tore up my knee pretty nice.
1st time and loved it for SOUP event!
Will def go back to the garden and more community events :
Have you ever used a Neti Pot while sick, only to realize that you released the Kraken?
Well, call me a sea warrior.
hey what's on the test tomorrow?
Only what u went over today.
Or everything.
somebody should get me 4 more followers....
then i would be pleased :D
Thanks for the RTs.
Here's a hearty FF for you all!
yeah...
the 8 yrs it took to make the film and 2  yrs of traveling with the film have been cathartic...
i feel free of it.
got my invite from Powers, but figured discussion was needed
WHERE U AT DUDE?
WHERE IN THE HELL DO I GET TICKETS TO THIS?!
dance like a yumbutter, sting like yippee
I talk to walls on a daily basis
So much better than today's garbage.
dont talk me to death unless you saying something worth me listening too, i aint got time for all that sorry!
EpicFail inGAME 2 for Miami shows signs of weakness.Damn WADE wtf?!
They got 8.3 seconds left to get a 3 ball off  redeem!
Let us know what music you have been listening to recently!
Wow, sounds like great fun.
Are you coming back to CUNY or is this a sabbatical leave?
Ooh how retro.
Have a great weekend!
RT : RT : Tyshawn Taylor has been suspended for a violation of team rules, per KU release.
You're not alone SKCnation RT : I am extremely excited for Saturday's HOME game
I'm buying an iced caramel macchiato and blending it at home next week.
Single stopwatch all the way.
Tournament style FTW!
Happy Hour at 10  the doctorft Beers are 5, the Happy is free.
I would, but is busy chugging...
I WANT TO SQUISH HER FAYCE!
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as  the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!!
:
Watching interact with  team about cyberbullying  respect.
Yo mama is so stupid , she had you
Classes are getting in the way of my education
.
Miss Him So much
OMG he randomly followed me one day last year and I wasn't even following him!
I had to look him up to see who he was xD
true true.
I need to watch more of their games.
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly away with it
Looking for sheet music to song London Rhythm by Mack Gordon.
Anyone able to help me track down?
RT Hi!
I live in Kentucky!
: Happy Hour?
Wherever I can find a nice glass of wine.
:  Red or white?
is back at her old stomping grounds...Reliant Stadium/Aramark...dam it's been a long time...five months!!!...
RIP Adam Yauch.
Baskin Robins had some sort of deal for 0.31 today or something!
I see what you did there.
Tamba Hali must be livid that they're just now starting to call holding in the NFL.
hit me with some coupons
that would be awesome
haha  ditto  we do miss u :D  but my chances of winning/placing 2nd have doctormatically increased by your departure!
How's the King of fighting journalism doing?
Hope you had a nice weekend.
Do the clippers run any sort of offensive sets???
That just happened...
What do you think would have paid to have their Logo on one of the last Shuttle Ferry Flights?
you guys keep getting me so excited!
: 19days3x
Snooki Steals Wrestlemania Spotlight, Our Cold Hearts
Well thanks for that vote of confidence.
I have 100 followers.
Feels great i'm proud.
lol.
new goal 150!!
Yes and the team wasn't very good as I recall!
wordoftheday Nebbish a timid, meek, or ineffectual person.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
especially since a folder of photocopies is now apparently an archive
Key put back by Franklin, UTSA leads 4340....
Woot!
Go Wildcats!
Way to beat the Bruins!
we are seated, just say you're with Emily party of 8 :
Bitch Mob
iusedtothink I was always right
I've got
Loving integration with Mail and Addoctorss Book.
Just need it to work with doctorpbox on multiple machines.
The last time UK was a 1 seed in the tourney they lost to Marquette.
Tom Crean was their coach.
That's all.
send us an email or call us and let's work something out
Watched the Blazers  They loss, again.
The next game is Friday
I feel like going for a run rn or s/t, feel so fat and full and disgusting from one bowl of ramen
SO epic that it only lasted 15mins before everyone demolished them!
cool!
Pop culture blog!
You know you're reading too much GameofThrones when you try to patch a paper cut with boiled wine and a poultice.
IM GOING TO WORK WITH U
Can you imagine how devastating it would be if you smeared the sharpie in the process of designing?
Wow.
The one that LAlainaAI10 had on at the softball game..
the first step to greatness is working with great people ;
I never had blue balls, hahah I never will because I m fucking!!
Lol
Having to provide a photo as a director feels silly.
I suddenly feel like a realtor.
You can't put a limit on anything.
The more you doctoram, the farther you get.
HappyMothersDay to all you wonderful Moms out there!
Have a fabulous day!
The more I look at your work, the more I like it...
amazing color combinations, movement, energy...
LOVE!
ah that is madness but i will see you less than a week!
and good luck!
Oh, you know, non sequiturs and regret.
With Leadership Kanawha Valley today at Clay Center, CAMC and WVU Health Services ...
Learning a lot ...
its snowing in fucking april god must be coming back soon
must do homework
I Can't Please Everyone But I'll Try.
Why am I THIS awake?!
I had a full day too.
What an awesome mothers day, thanks to Hubby.
yay yay yay.
August I'll be there : is that good enough?
Celtics F Paul Pierce sprained his left knee during shootaround before Sunday's Game 4 win over ATL.
He's questionable for Game 5 Tuesday.
itiswhatitis except for when it isn't
Greg, thanks much for the RT.
I hope your followers find the B2B search engines useful!
How do I respond to that...?
Brandy was a great addition to the season
You thinking ima fall,dont be so sure
I don't have time for a grudge match with every poser in a parka!
doctor Horrible
Am I a bad Irishman for working on a Saturday?
keep your head up  don't put too much pressure on yourself
Museum of Vancouver goes art deco for chic fashion exhibit
Girl: Why are you always following me?
Boy: When I was younger, my mother always told me follow my doctorams.
Sweet mother of shit!
I just got the job offer for Budweiser Brewery!
Looks like the Alcoholicaust is upon us.
WHEconForum womenentrepreneurs sitting in the press seats.
where are all of the students?
.
says that they have to create a subsidiary system that would license school names and take it out of academia.
Same here !
Pickin up trash
you should probably stop lying..
TEACH RT : Clooney arrested but comedian Dick Gregory was also in custody.
New for Clooney but Gregory's been truth for 50 yrs
you kill me, and yes I know who your cuddle buddy is :
hey cat.
Good news coming down the pike.
Hope all is well with u.
I'm balancing the gigging and producing thing.
Wait for the Japanese release of the album  on CD with bonus tracks.
For real.
But the LP is gorgeous.
Just sayin'
Thanks for your content!
Lots of great tweets out there from smss12 peeps.
:
A Tuesday off means my ass is in a seat at Nationals Park enjoying a Nattitude Cheesesteak Sandwich and watching some daytime baseball.
Dogs are more loyal then most woman.
smiles and takes it Your welcome.
I'm now at PeopleBrowsr, would love to demo our social media analytics and influence mapping platform.
Been using Alt framework
nothing jp:p
Thank you!!!
: RT : wishing you the best of luck today!!!
Trying to convince to go back for Wrath of the Titans.
Yup.
Embarrassing.
wondering why in the world there was a rooster in my back yard just now  I don't live in the country and I don't know of any farms in ATL
WOO OK
Wise people understand that substance always supersedes the superficial, superstitious, and the superfluous!
This condensed NBA season was a disastrous idea.
Look at all the injuries.
probably because u didn't have all the lil high school boys checkin u out in ur heels
OMG DARK SHADOWS was SO good!
definitely...sister spent time in a storm shelter yesterday, but everyone is ok.
As for Hobart...
That was a fun game to watch !
I'm all about the Linsanity!!!
Wait, how do you know for sure?
I'll be there : RT : It's supposed to be 72 degrees tmister come hang on Brady w/me going to see how many patios I can hit!
yummy,save ya boy some
Back from the Big Sugar concert  those guys still know how to put on a good show!
It's beautiful out!
Happy hour it is :
Tonight, your mine.
Loving the FF mention!
Thanks for supporting CURE
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Albert Einstein
I can honestly say that even as a kitten, never peed on my bedoctorom floor.
Cannot say the same for puppet niece.
Today is my first visit to Sacramento.
It is completely infested with trees.
: Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs   by by Bulls.
We're doin' a lil curiosity survey: what is the best company anniversary gift you've ever received?
Let us know!
I swear its fun hearing scream When I'm telling her a Good story lol
Hey Dani, if you see this can you give me a shout put or a follow back?
I'd be so thankful.
great pic, Jason.
Even if Instagram got the assist.
nothing like music to take you away from reality.
We're on, then.
awl okay
It's a gorgeous day outside!
Take advantage of it and be Sportaneous!

You are a great mom because you care about that exact thing.
RT How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Panthers not out yet, they score to cut the lead to 21 in the 3rd period.
: I Hung Yo Social Study Notes Up Nd Good Night
XSV won Huntington Beach!
Sadly Henry's about to give this game away.
Happy Friday everyone!
Have a wonderful day!
So much for the reds game today..
Gotta love the real deal!
wow!
Thank you for listening.
We've started tracking 6 other songs for our album.
We'll be releasing them soon.
The road to success is always under construction!!!!!
Thanks, E.
Much tighter this year, but they played well.
I'll do it, if only for you Troy.
great time, thank you for helping us with our merengue project, I think we will switch to Salsa, Samba or Jazz..lol
RT : Boy putting on Star Wars outfit, severely disappointed: I dont look scary at ALL!
OKC vs lakers.
Waited all day for this!
However, we're not presenting the wires to the client.
They would be thoroughly confused.
Baseball practice went well, velocity is up and the ball was dancing
Go Sounders!
Check out my new TV commercial with Conan and Bonnie Hunt at www.smithe.com
Happy 23rd Birthday to my beautiful daughter Jess!!!
So proud of the amazing young woman uv become!
Love u baby!
I sleep so much but i don't care
what u tired of?
That's where it's at.
Doggy can I ask for a follow?
doctorving games are the worst when you're flying solo
Since its August Im going to tweet some powerful quotes from books I highly recommend!
Eva's
For sure!
RT : It's fun to watch a team play defense when it has a pass rush.
Six sacks for Bills now
yeah,Just let me know!
Would you mind asking any of your passion friends or general friends to follow me,it would be awesome!
Brb while I go die.
I have come to realize I like talking about books.
Who knew.
RT : At the accepted students reception in Dallas  Hi!
Was the reception helpful?
Did we answer all your questions?
We don't even talk no more/We've run out of words to say...
Happy Birthday
Who's a Happy Camper ?
I am !!!!
went to PACKERS game and work 3 days this week get paid for 5 !!
Finally Friday.
Thank God
Paperwork, compliance, marketing.....etc...etc...etc, Start ups are FUN!!
Thanks for the follow.....
Hey there.
I think I spoke to someone last week on the phone.
We don't make those decisions.
But thank you for reaching out!
lk
Western burrowing owl at Berkeley Marina!
Adorable, grouchylooking football of raptory fluff.
That's always fun.
Ahaha!
One day ..one day

well hello there :
Colored eggs yesterday.
Food all prepared for tomorrow.
S'mores made with the kiddos and all 7 are at least in bed.
Whew, what a day!
hey!
we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives.
The Cab is one of our bands!
check us out?
idk man and they got all her cousins too!
NOPE!
Just make a shirt video saying happy birthday to him!
thanks!
and send it to tonight!
Everyone who works at Apple is so nice.
It's weird.
Every choice you make is a choice.
follow back?
:
You're beautiful.
upon acceptance into a full time program can they transfer into a part time program due to career circumstances.
Granger....
That was pointless.
Keep your cool your team is doing its thing stay focused grab a big W
luncheon eating a fabulous steak salad.
Yum!
Over joyed to see all the kids out at the LCS for fcbd, and a so many girls!
is such an inspiration, she's got it together ya'll!
3 day bro fest with :
Meetin so many new ppl!
I love college!
Whoever renders service to many puts himself in line for greatness.
Jim Rohn
lmao I wasn't.
Cause I'm actually scared of heights.
But I just got my ticket.
It's okay yolo right?
Hahaha
Our marriage victory in NYS was built on the shoulders of great numbers of people who came forward when the idea of equality was a doctoram.
Has real estate hit bottom in the Portland Metro?
Why many think it has at 6:30pm on NC8.
Blackout!
Moe bar is DARK
My pants are falling off....uh oh
Some do this for privacy  provider is actually intermediary so person's name/addy remain private, esp 4 those who work from home.
I feel as tho somehow I've been transported to an alternate universe.
I know I'm sane.
Are the other people?
Though many people picture NewMexico as desert terrain,  of the state is actually filled with forests.
losing my day doctornking virginity this year at carb day haha
has no idea where the day / night went!
Crap!
She needs to finish packing!!
Not much, he's more a pen and ink kinda guy....
Having Two Daughters Is gods Way Of Telling You This Is For What You Did In Your Twenties I Love Them Both
Follow stop being stuck up up how hard is it man seriously
Possible solution: just prepend the word comic before books and then Ecclesiastes won't feel so heavy.
is a HouseWIFE so marlo needs a mirror  to STFU.
What's my proof u can't turn a HOE in2 a housewife.
Having friends who are committed to seeking God is one of the biggest blessings in my life.
Iron sharpens iron.
Electrolytes include potassium, magnesium, sodium, calcium, chloride  bicarbonate.
They control fluid balance in the body.
Seeking ASP.net programmers to work with.We need help with a payroll WEB application and other projects.
U.S.
only please!
I kept her on her leash and just reeled her in.
It was staged, basically.
LOL Ryan vs Ryan was hilarious!
Wow Getzlaf is bald :P
when BET be cuttin out the words in movies lol
I appreciate you bro.
Means a lot.
Thanks.
thank you so much for checking us out!!
Happy Mothers Day!!!!
Your hipster clothes looking a little wet dog?
Bring em in to EcoClean, 2915 Guadalupe, right on campus, 24 hour turn, delivery.
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
visa mastercard discover?
Wish i was going to show tonight
Of course I love it, handsome men looking super attractive!
:
I am so excited to see my BFF on twitter!!
What to expect to from Friday's jobs report  Fox News
Summertime and the living's easy.
And apparently cold.
But mostly easy.
The USCS differs from official USC and the USCA by being very attentive to preserving the original language of a statute.
McKinney
Yes, she is something special one more outstanding actress in a big group well known  not on Downton.
Thanks, it starts at 7 and were the second band to go on so dont be late!
Thanks again for the support.
MT : Beautiful morning in Warwick  Birmingham too :
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me 3 : 1
the squirrel guy.
Mayor of district 2!
Yep
Latest group opposing transportation tax was born in a Cobb County gun shop  Creative Loafing Atlanta
Basia Fans!
Get your Friends To Like Our Facebook Page For Special Prize!
somewhere in Louisiana?
I've been asleep...
All pajamas all the time
Looking forward to wearing my MLA '12 jersey to the exhibit opening and having picture taken with NPC  LAC members
Michael Herzfeld: A very serviceable definition of power is the capacity to keep anthropologists out.
i'm like a Rubik's cube...The more you play with me the harder i get;
Women say they want something from a nigga but when dey get it dey don't know how to accept it or act becareful what you ask for
for sure!
yes, thanks so much : it means a lot cc:
I hope you are busy readying lots and lots of brisket cemitas for tonight!
We'll be there!
Man we have to go back to school 2morrow and it is so boring.
C
RT:Bldng trust requires effort, commitment  in our timepoor society, getting to know neighbors is often not top priority
Studio to track vox on Friday!!!
have you ever thought about becoming a vendor with www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com in miami beach FL June 24 and 25 2012
I will definitely start watching now..
You r my fav!
RT : There are no handshakes when a guy subs in.
Another media created nonstory.
woowwww all mine : your so beautiful and amazing!
Thank you :
Great to see all our new followers to day as well as lots of action from
Free Beer Friday: Things to do with the Stanley Cup...think about it!
Tweet us your ideas or call us 3032971510!
Find BL CD's  Paul's, Dave's Music Mine,  myspace.com/betweenliberties via paypal.
Get yours now  This limited ...
hey man, r u back from your shoot?
People are getting unfollowed for dumb shit right now lol
Whoa.
Just did week 5, day 3 of !
and back when i was rappin' for the hell of it, but now a days we rappin' to stay relevant
nice!
Let us know what you think!!
First follower is what turns a lone nut into a leader

GOOD NEWS !
i downloaded a music editor to my computer but we just need to learn how to use it now  lol
Privacy has now become my biggest concern regarding Facebooks purchase of Instagram.
Can't trust the Zuck!
I could care less not fan of both, niners baby!
Lol but it was swell, we all need to hang soon its must needed!
Happy to be attending
what the heck!!!
I thought you were on your trip, why didn't we have class then!!!!
Watching live webinar with and
Welcome!!
Let's def shoot!
Email me and we'll figure out some dates!
sounds like trouble!!!
Hi Scott!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
Thanks!
see lol me and her just started something lol
Thanks to all who came out to the SIS Africa event this afternoon!
ASG Sen Armando Telles may be thrown out of the student gov't for not meeting a 7unit requirement for holding office.
More info soon...
Send it over when it's done and it will be in the show.
Sadly I was the advisor in this example : RT advisors are not always right, get in front of your customers
You feel me?
Lol
Its gonna be a busy week!
Zuma is super excited to have Young Life at our park tomorrow afternoon!
Friday at home.
Saturday at Howler's Coyote Cafe tearing it up.
Sunday back on a plane.
Wednesday vacation.
lol gotta look closer at those hashtags I read it wrong too
Am i the only person that still listens to 50 Cent?
.
High maintenance people 
Freaking b.s.
falling.into a pit of darkness today.
Need to bounce back fireball later maybe the recipe.
Rumors of my assimilation have been greatly exaggerated............
no FSU stold it from Ted Turner and Jane Fonda back when they were sitting behind the dugout owning the Braves
I do not want to go to school tomorrow at all.
i wanna get a job at finishline
have a safe trip home!
Can't wait to see you!!!
I'd love to listen and learn from all sides regarding the future of Balboa Park.
hehe I try :
and I thought we agreed to never put that on the Internet?!
You hoe!
Great..
just great.
Happy 145th Birthday, State of Nebraska!!
Thanks for following!
We have an office in Boulder  love downtown area!
We'll be sure to check out some of the specials :
: Lebron is on a mission!!!!
Good morning world..
That sounds orgasmic.
dude congrats on graduating!
Now pass the bar so you can be our lawyer.
I hate how i swore i would keep my twitter privite from my friends.
Lol but now they are finding out.
Tired but i have rehersal at 6
Majority of our grads are entering environments of 10 attorneys or less.
Punctuates the value of having mentoring relationships.
Crosby has at least one point in 14 consecutive games against the Rangers.
you look gorg....the photo bomber in the background, not so much.
appearance of having been serious about the problem.
Thanks Kelsey, they are sweet!
wow my phone has been syncing for over 5 minutes this is ridiculous.
If I hear one more tall blonde joke I'm gonna lose it.
Tumblr is working again,my life came back to life3
Thankxxx!!!
Going to Ry and Sheri's house in a little bit.
that sounds god
Happy Mothers Day to all the awesome Mama's out there!!
Especially to mine, love you to the moon and back3
If U're not getting all your essential amino acids U're not feeding your brain.
Amino acids R the building blocks of U're neurotransmitters
Thanks so much for visiting my blog!
That Emerson quote worked perfect with my post.
You have a great weekend as well :
approved copyedited doctorft of article I wrote for Oxford Encyclopedia of Am.
Military  Diplomatic History; sent to editor
ThisSummerImTryna do things that I've never done before
I'm looking forward 2 next season Orioles showing promise
I HOPE CHRISTINA  ERIN SEE THIS, cause I really want them to be a part in all this success.
RIP, we'll see each other again.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
Lee Mildon
How is Google working out for you?
BTW, you aren't following me.
LOL!
LOL!
RT : There is not one thing I like about
Aidan just held the door open for some lucky ladies...
He's learning
Listenin to good music.......
Mine too.
Really looking fwd to it!
RT : So excited that I'll be going to BEA this year  my first time ever!
Can't wait for my bbl and ShaunT kids workout!!
18 more days to join June group!
Message me for details :
i am kind of a good kid:P
Obama is going to do the humane thing and release everyone from Guantanamo.
But then he's going to use doctornes, and blow the shit out of them
.
now has individ.
Twitter accounts for their DC area farmers markets, incl.
Dupont:
It's true, You don't even know.
I hear ya!!!
Know that's it's the Super Stars that earn that kind of money.
Everyone use BB and me what about me ?
I dont have BB :
happy early birthday!
33 just saying it now cuz i wont be on tomorrow!
Love you so much!
please follow back??
3 3
Wife  I got your invitation, can't wait to go home and grub on some Harold's Chicken, oh yeah, congrad U lations
Thank for the RT!
Someone please tell that wrestling is fake
Pretty sure I just saw Flashpoint in a commercial for WGN News...
You just can't escape that school
Pumped for this coming year!
1 extra day, too!
Going on a date and paying with a groupon coupon
TGIF!
Are you doctoraming about Happy Hour at Terilli's at your desk right now?
RT : The discovery of Troy's charred remains rattles nerves...
Police are led astray for 6 years.
NightmareNextDoor at 9E/P
: I don't believe u, u makin stuff up now!
I don't lie on Sundays.
Lol
International Terminal Prepares for Passengers
none of my followers dont even talk to me L0L.
Sorry A.J.
Jenkins.
I make that mistake with Michael Floyd and Malcolm Floyd.
Its been awhile since I've felt butterflies.
Do you feel the same way too?
No livestats?
Some people just can't keep up...
It's April in the D!
Is there going to be a song this year?
your booking agent gave me your booking price..wanna negotiate something else to help out a good cause
Wishing my friends, family and followers a very Happy and Safe New Year!
: thanks lian.
means a lot coming from you
its my 16th birthday, i absolutely love you and you said you remember me from the meet and greet.
can you give me a shoutout?
:
i just threw my pudding cup in the sink.
FAIL.
So far I'm going to two this weekend.
Tell Angie she should encourage, not discourage, my going to games in person.
ah Hello hows life sir?
This is what occupation looks like.
thanks a mil!
He said: I'm a huge James Bond fan.
I'd love to be a Bond baddie.
I've seen pretty much every Bond film.
Sean Connery is my favorite
i now work at Hollister and Dairy Queen
Happy Birthday, emilydickinson.
To wait an Hour is long/ If Love be just beyond/ To wait Eternity is short/ If Love reward the end 
Pretty Little Liars was amazing!
I will have a overload  every position but the 5 for the next few weeks.
It'll be interesting to see how I handle the minute distribution.
Have the best Valentine's Day possible!!
NP better off this way A Day To Remember 3
So I guess you're doctornking honey ale?
Actually I doctoramed robots knew I had a fever because I fell asleep on my keyboard and it had a heat sensor.
I WOKE UP doctorNK AF!!!!!
Time for bed!
Remember kids: Don't run with scissors!
Yeah I'm going to send it.
I'm having some construction done to my studio so the comp is down till friday.
I'll send it then.
I'm hella bored..
Graduation  Start of my career
Just putting finishing touches on story about 21year old doctorver pulled from burning car.
She's got quite a story to tell.
Airs in 5 min..
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; the courage to change the things I can; the wisdom to know the difference
run, hob to buy my infected mushroom tickets, work, and then the big choice of the day: study or bar.
hm
I'm game plus you are coming to my house in April!!!!
There will be Just Dance 2 all around.
OK, so, that big, red hand, that means DON'T CROSS RIGHT NOW, or else you're gonna piss off 4 lanes of traffic.
taking a break to play some strikers
Its already been brought!
: Just won a Spyder Xtra marker and full kit for it for 75.
Bring it!
yes, avengers  dark knight are the scary contenders this summer
reading the entire birthday card while they wait to see a reaction on ur face
and it begins.
Cool.
Hit me when y'all get her
never leaves my fuckin house !
There's nothing more embarrassing than spilling a large container of water all over the floor at work
cena just got his ass handed to him
Someone needs to guard Steve Blake!!!!
Ugh 
RT do u ever respond 2 ur fans?
I'm an air conditioning man m'self, But my air conditioner never asked...
Boi How Big Is Ur.....
Gimme Al Ya Money And Gimme ALL Your Residuals...Then SLAP it On mY As.......I love you
I'm a moderate to liberal chick but that is just flat out funny.
I don't know if I have it anymore...
my old hard doctorve crashed...
: RT Still waiting on that track.
walking dead  coffee!
Happy Thanksgiving 
Ascetically speaking is like preferring a monk's tonsure.
Aesthetically speaking is preferring strong design.
C
I see London, I see China, I see one happy vagina!
Stay free maxi pad!
Haah
I love love.
Halloween candy incentivates giving!
Come on RISDPhonathon callers!
Let's raise some funds!
Jackson, Alpha, Serburn, Welcome...
all in the path of a torndic storm.
Now just heading into Jackson and moving 30 mph.
This is the most comfortable pair of underwear I have ever worn.
I'm a maker and a thinker.
Well, that pair of headphones ALMOST made it 6 months.
A new record!
Couldn't ask for better friends!
Thanks ;
: .
only has one defense left: But Ted Kennedy killed a girl!
now that's funny
I probably would, yes.
fam none of them can mess with BIGGIE...just SAYIN!!!
Key reasons to choose screen printing  smooth photographic image reproduction, low price per imprint, light hand.
Traditional use: tshirts
Did you ever kill that spider?
Oo
then i regret it.
Coach, I am truly happy to have someone of your magnitude to be working with our young lady Bulldogs!
woah I read Baton Rouge as Boca Raton.
I might have city dyslexia.
There has never been a moment when God was short on miracles.
Cool!
I was in jazz up through high school, I really enjoyed it, but had trouble with some of the advanced music theory.
It cuts to Kingston who talks about all the success he's had.
He tells anyone that wants a shot to look him up.
He's not afraid.
What is Love?
Baby don't hurt me...
no more :
Wow.
Party is tomorrow though.
As humans, it's our ability to find ethically dubious shortcuts to timeconsuming, mindnumbing work that sets us apart from other animals.
You're always in a bad  plain mood when you talk to me, but if it was someone else, you'd be the happiest person ever.
People who try to be in ur conversation and have no clue wat there talkin about 
Everyone keeps saying that libraries are becoming extinct...
what do you think?
I wanna take a long nap.
Like 5 or 6 hours long.
Those are the best.
Last night with n was EPIC!!!!
okay seriously...
I new go get into yoga.
I have all those freebies you gave me.
I think I've watched every John Hughes movie tonight.
cosign: I've never watched Jersey Shore, but by the looks of the trailer I'm pretty confident the world could do without it
Large woman jimmied her way into seat next to me on 1.
First I thought I'd get mad but then I figured I'd enjoy the temporary arm cushion.
Q: What's your big wish for 11.11.11.
day?
Make it a great day!
gotta go back to ben davis to get my graduation shit today
Yeah, I'll have to get him to sign another one for me.
He's really good about staying after his shows sign CDs
That's so nice of you to say!
Thanks so much!
IamEnchanting aren't I?
:D promotion via and
Well between make up work and captainring steelport i havent had time for anything.
It's going to be summer like throught he end of December here in Florida Aagghhh
I'm a writer eavesdoctorpping on a discussion between designers  developers  so far it's a little like marriage counseling.
In San Diego...
Awesome to get to partner w/ amazing organizations.
Bonus: They are located in amazing places.
Thanks, Gwen!
ah lemme get on that Tuesday spot
if we could swap semesters Id be on that list lol  !!!
was dublidoctorbblecating all over the court during practice tonight
yes.
it's a sad day.
unfortunately I'm not allowed to work overtime anymore
im a big fischer fan but in my opinion stay with the younger guy...
They are basically the same type of player anyway?
So pissed off right now.
Stupid kids.
ill hit u up when I get off.
Almost at work now.
Be safe:
Blink 182?
Psh nothing beats my Rangers spank the Angels!!
I am honored to receive the endorsement of the Orleans County GOP and look forward to working with them closely.
Dear jet lag, I am over you, and I don't want this relationship anymore.
Please leave now.
Potentially compromised web host  just the email you want to get at midnight.
Tonight's bad movie: Robocop 3.
Huge day for WI hoops...
close out regular season with victory over IL  have huge road win in Columbus!
Philly and the Main Line woke up in spring today.
Everything is green.
Thank you, rain!
giardiniera, but we do have house sport peppers.
They're pretty outrageous.
Sad Jackie and my grandbabies are leaving this morning!
Wish we could have had breakfast together.......
sweet!
Have fun darling!
Which hotel?
do you like nutella?
SaBEERmetrics for sure
Baaah I hate this.
Nervous.
Corporate responsibility can mean showing up to make a difference rather than showing up just to work.
First20SongsOnShuffle 10.
I'm The Type Of Person To Take It Personal Breathe Carolina
Hi , Thnx for the rec to follow myself.
I am the only person in the world I should like to know thoroughly.
Oscar Wilde
R.I.P.
misterAdam Yauch.
I think her grown son needs a shrink too.
DoubleNasty RT Breastfeeding mom of a nearly grown ass man needs a shrink
It's going to take me a little while to get used to this new page design...
LOL...you do the same.
my bff might move in next door!
Exciting!
Why are there 90 min wait lines for almost every ride at Disney?..oh, did I mention it's 8AM?!?
she said I mustve ran you away :
Blasting old school anathallo to wake me up this afternoon.
actually I hav a phone app for tht xx
I do work  noon!!
Holy crap, we're actually working together....lol.
YAY!!!!!
Have 2 see trending places on 4sq!
RT Wonder if there's anyplace special the Secret Service hangs out while the POTUS is in LA
can you follow me please?
:
.
E.J.
Josey  key in desegregation of stat lib assocs.
understood structurally what needed to be done.
And so the paperwork begins
lol I'll let u know when I hit a big one.
Tryin to build up that bankroll
Getting lunch is NYC is harder than I imagined.
I'm number 30 in line
problem is that att sucks in metro's like NYC
MSG is going nuts!!
Knicks folks we got this!!
All 5 starters on the floor playing great for NYK.
im so bored
Inception in AP Psych
Reminder ......you are beautiful no matter what!
: XOXO
If you have insurance your wireless carrier should be able to fix it for free.
RT thas a classic!!
i swear man!!!
I don't what life would be in H.I.P H.O.P without they boy H.O.V.
If Shabazz does go to UCLA they'll make a strong run in the NIT it has nothing to do with my fandom it's just they're not very good period
my mom is a nurse and i told her about andys injuries and she said he definately wont be up for a while :'
thanks I think he just might kill himself now....
I learn something everyday.
If you don't, then go back to bed, rethink why you are getting up and start over.
You might learn something.
And a Barnes and Noble...
but JTown has Tulune's Southside!
who really cares about Christie Brinkley's divorce?!
Newt is way off his game.
break 'em, baby!
Music is a stress reducer.
Study: cardiology patients w/30 minutes classical music: effects equivalent to a 10mg dose of Valium.
You must play wif me!
Tomorrow my last day of college classes hopefully till august ; too geeked
I'm going to try and make it back for a weekend or something heheh
And I both hate icecream.
ITS MEANT TO BE.
I'm guessing doesn't have a partner for BP?
Lol
Old Guys with Nu Metal Tee Shirts
I LOVE cover of Boyfriend...it's kinda hard to say this being a Belieber and all...but...I like Dylan's better!.: I3you!!
So is it pretty much a done deal that Tom Poti will never play the game of hockey ever again?
No call but ...
MT S/O TO UNION TRIBUNE FOR THEIR ARTICLE ABOUT SOUTHEASTREDVODKA!!!!
APPRECIATE THE LOVE AND SUPPORT!!!!
I never said no.
Lol.
But I think i'm going to Louisville.
We do not have to be perfect to be used by God.

Old journals from high school.
Reminding me of what I DON'T want to be like :P
Happy Tax Day : What a nice day to celebrate being done with those!
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
I've got a little money but it never is enough to runaway.
DirtyLittleThings let's get on this everyone!
Better than yo ex, fresher than yo next
..a unique kind of person, because one of 'em was afraid of dieing an Athiest and actually having to PAY for a life of utter evil and cru
delayed flight, no employee at the gate 60 mins before flight is sheduled, no notice of delay at gate, loving this unitedairlines service
thanks It was a great family weekend.
The weather was great so I wasn't afraid of my baby being outdoors :
LA...
fuck you.
First day of 2012 spending with family :

btw that last tweet to you was my 8000th tweet ..
your so special : :
lol goodnight bro
that's a lot of balls.
All wellregulated families set apart an hour every morning for tea and bread and butter.
Joseph Addison
In need for a new name: Wut though?
Deltek Unveils New Task Order Awards Solution Delivering Clarity and Insight to the Opaque World of Federal Task Order ...
ooooooo que rico
FF So many I love but here's a handful
yay!
Thank you.
Never mistake activity for achievement
Missed Fortune Radio  coming soon to Orlando!
I'll be there!
and I got my skip the line pass!
when will meet and greets for certain days be announced?
the homiez are trippin once again, i juss wanna off myself, but i got a, b, a, c, c, c on my rport card, pretty dumb
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves
from  smaller pieces, modular design.
ex: for instruction videos: 5 minutes or less.
GoodStreetMuzik will be a for sure attention grabber RT if u fux wit
I've always hated any temp over 80.
That's why I moved to the Bay Area for a while.
NO DAMMIT I was late but he said he had an hour to wrap it up so hopefully I will find a replay!!!
Commission business meeting is in session in Santa Rosa.
Watch live online at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
yeah any ol' kind will do.
Good Afternoon Twitter!!!
well it seemes as he's just now opening up.
but considerng what he did in japan to here.
is it that big of a chnge to the USA?
hahaha it should!
Alright, I need your email addoctorss again....I can't find it.
:
I still go!!!
Season ticket holder!!!
I will never give up on my team!
Support them all the way!
I just love baseball :
Yo girlfriend at my next show over yo xo nigga
I love storms!
Please pray for the Kenya and Costa Rica mission trips!
Today, pray for the team leaders: Noel and Caitlin and Al and Zack!
I hope the Eagles pick up a good receiver this year
Email if you have a strong opinion on Fairview, North Mem.
stolen laptop snafu.
Thanks, Mari!
Hope you have a great weekend.
I'm hiking tmister  then attending a belated Cinco de Mayo party in the eve.
My SIL  niece are in Chi for the first time.
Pumped to show off this great city!
What is ur fav spot to take tourists?
mines in 4 days
You never made sense to me but that is part of why I love you.
TONIGHT: Brent Glass on the Future of Museums at at 7 PM.
Sponsored by , ,
Ed Sheeran  a rainy day is a beautiful combination.
Have a great weekend!
I'll see you
Happy Friday!
Kick off your weekend with Happy Hour specials today from 47pm.
I'm pretty sure im in love with you lol : 
going to miss ya!
enjoy CT  making 
trust me, that's something I will NEVER like, count on it bro x I'm to into house that's all :
iv been wit alot of str8msn well thay r not any more lol
just saw wrath of the titans and was amazing
Johnson: The more elegant and novel the solution, the harder it is to sell.
We will be in the lab working, with Gaston at 7pm this evening!
then he said 'iPoop' because i was finishin a report on the diff between ipod touches and iphone.
he tried saying it...
Happy Dumpling Day everyone :
I take solace in the fact that God is trending above Obama on Twitter.
Maybe there's hope for this electronic liberal love fest.
I have english, spanish, and algebra homework then dance later.
So busy.
Still here on buffalo and water!
Who wants tacos!!!
thanks man
Ah, interesting.
Thanks.
No smart one...when do you want to throw the party?
Many employers I have audited throw I9, medical and all other hiring  performance documentation into 1 folder
Why you looking lonely ?
yep, their toast....
Everything happens for a reason, live it, love it, learn from it!
So...
steals my hideki irabu joke re:  gives NO credit.
The cab ride to the airport is always the scariest part of air travel for me.
Finals for 500 dollars!!!
Post ur favorite 508 moments in 508epic Me  get into it!
Dec 4th enjoy a night out at the River of Lights with a LIVE acoustic performance by TYS 7PM  8:30
used to?!
I still do :
is he supposed to speak?
omg it was gross
Old episodes of 227 it is
yes truly impressive..
Simplicity, his style statement.
I bet they look cute though!
I ART Congress tonight!
Check out AMOA and !
Hey wanna hop on my train boo?
Download your copy of ATown Veteran for 2.99
Fridays are just lovely.
Plain and simple.
Can't decide what to do for dinner tonight?
Any suggestions?
Anyone want to join?
No, that's not the noon whistle  Ross brought in his vuvuzela today.
Hope you had a good time in that crazy California, lived there as a kid, see any movie stars?
This is a must see for sure.
Please tell me you're youtubing it for us sad souls that can't join u there.
;
reachfortop is tonight 6pm.
Lots of movers  shakers including
thx for following.
This feed is curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital agency working with institutions in the .edu category.
It's Friday!!!
Sir Charles voice
Excellent article Trayvon Please get ppl involved!!
Thats a warning for you Bieber!
Justin: Im sorry Im sorry.
Hahaha
: I'm super excited to hear it!I'm curious when does your EP come out?
Hopefully soon!
Aiming for April:
oh man, those college kids are the LOUDEST.
When I lived on Michigan Ave between 9th and 10th it was so terrible.
changed my twitter name!
I wouldnt shead tear for you anymore because big girls don't cry ...
Happy National Chocolate Chip Dayy aww i love that TT ;
Your twopeopledinefor35 deal looks greatexcept there are no vegetarian entrees.
Think about vegetarians next time?
All good.
Thnx Heidi.
Manawould love to connect.
Possible?
getting ugly now.
Great pic from the west side nopantsaz ride
doctorm roll please...
up now, Welch
West Barnstable MA USA
If you're up and not bsing with me then shoot yourself if the fucking face!
really?
Why not?
I can name a lot of Dems that oppose equality.
Plus, you'll be totally ready for the Waterworld that awaits us.
Enjoying an ice cold Odells 90 Shilling Amber Ale at Old Chicago  Colorado Springs Tejon.
Join me!
kimchi is asimmerin'...
but realized I'm no multitasker.
After 3 minutes, realized I'm watching Beverly Hills Cop en Espanol :
A Hat Full of Rainmaker
Just sent you a DM!
Awhh you blocked me like I care?
You be nasty anyways:
I really don't like names like Jesus, God, Jehovah and the like but hey not my child.
SMH
Going to the doctor
Going to the Bucks/Hawks game tonight.
A win over ATL would be huge.
why does Kansas/self struggle so much in tourney?
needs less than 200 followers to get to 4000!
Please follow her!!!
:
haven't been on in a while
They think you might be the other woman.
Actually, that happens to me all the time.
RT : What the hell they got Cole, playing a man whore ugh he short, lol F tht do yo thang Cockroach lol
Holy Buccos!
The Pittsburgh Pirates just may be in first place by midnight.
Taking my boys to Skyblast Night at PNC tomorrow.
Let's Go Bucs!
Just got done tallking to my mama ..
she put some deep stuff in my ear.
Why are you going to cut it D;
Playing modern warfare 3 anyone wanna battle?
aah this is killing me.
I need it.
OH: Love is Beautiful; Compulsory heteronormativity and commercialized romance are not.
Occupy ValentinesDay.
I hate getting light headed out of nowhere.
Just ate whitey's with my clark's hat on oops
Gotcha.
New job sounds fun!
My first job interview in 45 minutes...
Idk if im nervous or not yet.
NeverSayNever when you are living your your doctorams no matter what obstacles u face or what people say or think
What's up twitter who wants a follow back?
Absolutely, It will be interesting to see if the mariners make any big moves!
Are you covering?
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
RT : Showing Some Vanilla Love 
sorry Austin but the spurs are gonna win
come at me bro
Great job voting Wisconsin!
is staying on DWTS and is still fired up to move our state
Baby Clerk was involved in the shooting, but at this point it's unclear whether he was the suspect, or the victim.
The Smile On Your Face Lets Me Know That You Need Me, Theres A Truth In Your Eyes Sayin' Youll Never Leave Me3
I realize everyone deserves a second shot but lindsay lohan?
Do you think any of the negotiators put this exemption in that context when talking with Apple?
Is Apple aware of this impact?
Hey you.
You're beautiful inside and out.
Your smile is the most amazing feature about you.
And your eyes are the beautiful thing ever.
...........
i'm going to push you down stairs if you block.
lol it's alright.
but yeah.
we can rent one there
only does nice things if he gets something nice back.
Why don't you just want to make me happy?!
thanks, guys : Totally fine.
Just annoyed that some people can't see giant pink humans with reflectors on them.
Hey, not sure if something is wrong, but I don't see any links to the posts you've tweeted with Tweet Old Post.
Done and Done, bb.
Native Americans' ancestors were not Americans.
They were Apache or Mississauga, or Pueblo my man.
.
Ah nice long stretch, final touch ups on our Top Remodeler ABQ website, writing Thank You notes  prepping for Commercial!
Booyah!
Its too early for a Saturday.
Oh well LAST ONE!
Thanks for the RT !
heck yeah!
:
true, although now my hair is cyclamen.
I'm planning a return to the purple, though!
too
Not to worry...don't think that one is ever coming off!
ha no I'm not I just thought it was funny that when y'all found out it was about Haley you ran straight to twitter
Whenever I watch a novice ask questions I am amazed at how much insight expert will share with them I must try to do that more often
For a chance to win a FREE bottle of wine your next visit: txt CRUSH to 411247.
Enter 411247 for the phone .
In body of txt enter CRUSH.
What's the point of a decorative pillow let me sleep on that shit
long real relationships  
Just got my blood doctorwn.
Mom said I went pale...that's saying something seeing as I'm about as pale as they come.
queasy 
I dont know what's wrong with baron davis knee...but wow that didn't look normal
going to bed :PP
I'd add a transition when you toggle.
OD Hot In Here .
Apparently MN lacks affirmative action laws
More pictures from our last show at EString coming soon!!
:
Great deal on dinner tonight!
20 entree, glass of wine, and dessert!
: VoicesILove The one in my head that says JUST GO FOR IT!.
Listen to the Voice!
Have a great weekend NitroCircus!
Must take advantage of the free wifi!
I'm assuming it didn't actually work
I'm not running, and I'm not walking fast.
I'm going where I need to be.
ThoughtsDuringSchool what am i going to wear tomorrow?
DON'T, JUST DON'T!
You will be scarred for life.
This is an official warning.
Pink hair is coming back lets do this!
Overheard: I understand the system, I'm just saying its fucked
Great idea to sell baskets for MarylandAvenueMontessori fundoctoriser!
Watermelon, spinach, eggs, more.
ok im bck off...i cheated for a day but no more i promise lol
Make sure to post some pics.
Maybe some art shots.
Not too many or you'll end up by theater smoking unfiltered cigarettes.
my cat always looks like she wants to murder someone.
Hey guys  what's up?:
on Wat he gone b there..
what time..
Yeah, November is the worst month of the whole year for me to do that amount of writing.
June, though.
I think that will work.
You're kidding rite?

that the PO Box rented to me 2 days ago already belongs to someone else.
absolutely.
39 for 2 Rapid, Excellent Results 20 Minute Teeth Whitening Treatments at Wave Light Advanced Teeth Whitening
hello stranger
A sobering thought: what if, at this very moment, I am living up to my full potential?
Jane Wagner
Those last two RTs largely b/c of how heartening it is to see a request for a broad interest in the humanities.
or a craigslist sublet.
prob easier this time of year but beware weirdos.
that's what I did and it turned out ok.
I'm sure you were fabulous!!
Congratulations!
My tweets aren't always just about one person in particular But if that makes you feel special than hey..
This one is for you
..so tomorrow is my sisters wedding....i'm gonna sticky string her Lol i will take some pics and show you wish u could help:
Belated thank you for FF mention You are the best!
And sometimes love is intoxicating oh, you're coming down and your hands are shaking when you realize there's no one waiting.
noo.
I was like, crying.
Developers working hard on maintenance due to issues with host site.
Stay posted for updates, but you can still browse for now.
Treat yourself to a spa day, you deserve it!
Learned today that web performance improvements are all about the frontend.
And that custom fonts are terrible in IE.
:
Ichiro at bat, just as I get to the dead zone in my morning commute
dance in the rain
So many questions I have,but few answers.
However, if I only concentrate on the few I would never let the few become all
Damn poor guy on 104.3!
I am always taking suggestions so please don't be scared.
We've all gone through some craziness lets shine on light on it.
Curating as a mode :: :: Barnaby doctorbble
no hipster boys allowed?
Awesome glasses niall i love them :D
favorite team?
How bout them Spurs!!!!
RedSox threatening in Bottom 5 vs.
OaklandAs 1st and 2nd, none out.
Middlebrooks gets first MLB hit, an infield grounder he legged out.
unorthodox, uh, celebration by the mavs.
Nowitzki sprints OFF the court with 4 seconds left, kidd begs marion for ball, chandler hugs wife
Lower Columbia plays topranked Whatcom in a consolation game at 10pm Sunday.
Aaron Alston led LCC with 22 points.
I love you :D3333333
I'm not going to kill Jack Reacher because he's the only character I've got!
Safe for now,
Good morning : so happy it's Friday :
Glad to see that has defined bringing strategy and creativity together: Charasmatic Branding.
3 new panhandle women's coaches hired this year.
4 in 2 or 3 years.
Wow, quite a turnover.
Shud b interesting.
Can I Have a FollowBack :
good luck!
So now GooglePlus has trends?
It's like the best of Facebook and Twitter, but without any of the users!
Hot guy at hollister
Old Thinking  Old Habits  Long Term Viewpoint  Potential
congrats!
RT 3000 followers?!
Holy sht.
New folks,welcome.
This will all be on the test.
Read the damn syllabus and take notes.
Ah, you're talking about Kyle Wiltjer.
Yep, hope he continues hitting 3's, Lord knows we'll need them.
Great message!
RT when you stop learning you stop leading.
And when u said u HATE me That's when u lost me
Eating at The Malt House!
Glad to hear that your CD got there OK!
Humbled by your words my dear Ken, thanks to you for been a blessing.
3
Ugh more bands need to come to San diego soon especially , I'm in desperate need to go to a concert..
MandelaArt Launched Today on Hautelook  signup Free and join us to promote this Nelson Mandela upliftment project  see modern collection!
Sweet!
It would be fun for a bunch of people to get together for that
QR codes used for: contests, ads, billboards, name tags, real estate house videos/sales.
Endless possibilities.
I rather b appreciated than luved..
Life is great music art and family is all a person
Txt me :p
if you're in the Greensboro area you can come out to the cake tasting tour June 16th downtown 113!
Planning a One Book Read Aloud to begin the year with EVERYBODY NEEDS A ROCK by Byrd Baylor
your crazy
double tztaziki bukake to the face is the healthiest option we currently have

elephant thing w/ don trump jr?
Am I missing something?
no one was asking for your opinion
thanks :D
wait.
Thought it was chick flick night.
I was going to suggest Coming to America.
Interesting, I've played since '84 and been on every net forum there is but I have no idea who you are.
Not that prominent, huh?
One Tequila, Two Tequila: On The Border Shakes It Up for Cinco de Mayo
Thanks to Scott Fleming for a great event last night!
Individual commitment to a group effortthat is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
much better than climbing this machine, you go Brian total world make over please
Who Wanna Be My Twitter Boyfriend n Brother/Sister?
:D
I am renaming my thermal coffee mug ESPN because it leaks and puts a stain on things
ac/dc
can't wait to see you in the show man
New buffet at the training table All desserts!
Losers!
RT : Im pretty sure Dayne Crist is now headed to Kansas.
A natural fit.
Going to Suzhou on bus with no suspension.
Hold on tight
of course for shaving silly.
LOL
the one with one i and maybe should I?
who's ready for ustream?
Steven Jackson on NFL Live, but nobody really cares
Do I have that right?
I'm no mathematician, but did I get the basic math correct?
Median is NOT average, aye?
New Special!
The Great Pig in the Sky....
bacon, herb garlic goat cheese sauce, fresh green bell pepper.
So good.
Kandi looks good !
The number of Mizzou people I've never met that I'm following on twitter is absurd...
is it flat on the bottom cause tgat would be easier to cut lol.
your twit name is gay :p
well I usually go to sawgrass on Fridays and Saturday's and Sunday's my mom takes me shopping random places..
Sleepy time
:Amanda, I certainly hope that you don't buy into this prediction by Harold Camping.
Jesus warned of false preachers/doomsayers
I haven't gotten all the way through yet but there's a strong chance it will I think!
and I am a minority at my highschool.
I wish you the best in college, hopefully BYU : you are a fantastic role model thanks
They say the world was build for two?
playacting just as bad as fouling.
Player's union should be the one's doctorving this not FA  not refs.
just following up on our request for a quick interview on campus Love to chat further!
WeLoveEntrepreneurs :
Huge storms in Nashville Antioch area news said power outages my direct tv just went out.
Be careful
Every Actor has been on Law and Order and or CSI.
True fact.
I know its Sat but the grind is on going!
We will be serving our beer there.
Cannot wait.
Come up and say hey.
Time to head up to the roof top to catch some rays.
.what to do, what to do..
My brother in the fedz told me today he has hurt his family more then ANY enemy he ever had in the streets!!
By being away for so long
So..
The rumors r not true.
I do not have a 2nd kid on the way.
Never did..haha.the crazy ass ex baby momma told me that to try and keep me
no luck so far
Man im suppose to be at work at 9 am, BUT IM GETTING CAUGHT BY EVERY RED LIGHT.
Hey NBA, this is what happens when you let the Hornets and Bobcats play each other!!
Good Morning 
do you beleive there is a love gene?
Already did:
aww YOU SUCK
Oh, right!
Thanks :
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 16
Hiho zombies and humans!
A couple of us mods are going to be at Freebirds across the street for lunch!
Road Runner Sports
Thank you for the kind comments, Heather.
...great sound...awsome singing..it makes all Americans like me feel proud to be American.
With Keener, I'm not sure how could A Late Quartet could be anything less than good.
back at ya!
Where's Jason Sutherland when you need him?
mizzou// Great reference sir.
Waterton,SouthDakota
are you guys coming to Chicago???
Tickets are on Sale Now for Dynamics Beauty Expo
lol this is a good example of how sometimes the internet and alcohal don't mix ;
your bio couldn't be more true.
RT Fewer than 1/3 of U.S.
8th graders are professorcient in science, but most students are improving, NAEP results show: htt...
that one will put u 2 sleep 4sure
Christopher Williams
Oh, Monday.
Why you gotta be so....Monday.
Thanks for the support today.
Looking forward to seeing you hot weirdos tomorrow!!
Mechanical issue affecting MAX Blue Line on west side.
Riders should expect 20 to 30 minute delays both east and westbound through 7 p.m.
So Facebook bought Instagram...
Who cares???
Frustrating...but it looks like no deal happening tonight.
I still expect deal to get done within 48 hours though.
Just turbulence.
nice neighborhood....do they want to adopt me?
Bdays are the best days lollx
Dont expect a joy ride because the lid is blowing off.
The west turned a blind eye, but the report was prophetic, with key evidence.
follow me please
this guy has balls of i don't even know.
hundoctords of stories up with no net.
lololol i cant even go four stories up
Lol at the idiot with the vuvuzella at the reds/pirates game.
Somebody break that thing
fuck you bitch boy.
Mad Cuz I got a girl that'll stick with me.
LoiterSquad might be the best show ever
: Sept is hot n Newark, NJ!
9/22 artist Jerry Gant's Verizon How Sweet The Sound   Aljira 9/27
I keep referring to CES as Comdex.
Foreshadowing?
damn sounds like a long day!
I feel for ya haha
blowin kisses and flippin the bird
baggy sweats, bed and blankets
I DONT WANT NO PHONE WHEN I LEAVE I DONT WANT TOO BE TRACKED
People of coffeeshops  2 compliments on my bookstand1 pointed out its ergonomic correctness, 3 people in black turtlenecks and jeans
Break a leg  give 'm hell tonight!
ChazRocks!
So not passing this last year of college.
Meh.
Whatever.
Already over it.
I decided not to tweet the days in May  their corresponding HTTP status codes.
The 5xx list is too depressing.
:
Apparently, the industry changed cinema to kinema early on to avoid the shine pun meaning death
Disruptive conferencing  moderators withholding breaks :
Hey my homie is working on doing a 21 and up party to raise some money for the Kidney foundation you guys down to support it..
n Greensboro
: Cornflakes were created as an antimasturbation cereal.
What does that even mean??
What is a promasterbation cereal?
Healing does not mean going back to the way things were before, but rather allowing what is now to move us closer to God.
Ram Dass
3 when a girl checks in at Al's Cabaret.
LOL Agreed!!
And should probably know the definition of 'vixen'...
People are using smart phones more and more to find what they want locally.
Do you want to learn how to get listed in Google local Search?
Follow my friends  fellow morning coworkers, the best Laredo radio has to offer!
On the road again
Yes, it's appalling, Zarina.
The work certainly didn't deserve the treatment it got from
you should tell people to follow me :
i will shoutout you if you follow  go go go :D
alcohol is not the answer but it makes me forget the question.
What are you doing this weekend?
Anything awesome going on?
Let us k now!
It's hard to believe America's jobs governor is out of the race when the general will be about jobs.
np!!!
did you get a chance to check out my music at all?
thank you for your support!
I enjoy ur work as well.
go for it!
This PP is a mess!
Check out Las Posadas.
1015 min from town but huge rooms and gourmet breakfast.
yup because they won't be creeped out at all; PERFECT PLAN!!
Speaking of, my father and Boytoy contend that one major qualification missing does not a blown interview make.
What say you all?
Hoping NC votes to allow all kinds of marriage.
Love is Love yo
thanks for the follow Naomi!
Some semifamous DJ is jealous of Can ya blame him tho?
hatehimcausetheyainthim lol
You're quite welcome.
: Lots'a good work from and ...and killer support from
yah u did coz i unfollowed u jason i no u did
Have we ruined the occupy label at this point?
Sometimes I wonder if we've been reduced to simply playing a bit part in the culture wars.
RT : Quote of the Day: There is no reason not to follow your heart.
Steve Jobs
: Baby I want you to be my shining star, I can't afford to lose your light  SwagLife Follow: 
: that's bullshit and ur avi is gone : it's cool it'll be back for your viewing pleasures just waiting
TRIVIA: SPhiS's first national convention was held on what college campus?
faster than the output end only money
Kings staying in Sacramento.
Very exciting day for all of Sacramento!
HereWeStay!
: Just secured a spot on Alberta for !!
Man this is not an easy task.
See you between 20th and 21st.
sweetspot
You too, bro!
I'm down!!
Let's do it
If time is what matters, then it's only a matter of time!
I love my coffee pot with a timer, I can't imagine life without it.
I was just kidding damn it.
Kisses honey and happy belated bday.
While taking pictures, I must refrain my inner girl from making a duckface.
Jacky Has My iPod She Literally Controls My Entire Internet Social Life Right Now:
: Yall may hate this but I'd absolutely pick up Adam Jones for cheap and let.him add depth
RT That's a fact I work here on campusstudents are not happy.
USF Polytechnic students are EXTREMELY upset
I wasn't registered to vote...
Leadership  No man can stand on top because he is put there.
Traveler will celebrate his 50th Anniversary with a special Half Time Show
I feel ya!
My nuggs r struggling without ne injuries!
or were they just beaten by a better team....and better number 9 ;
talk is about consolidation and virtualization.
It's covered in abstract but apparently attendess dont read
that's cool that the patriots are letting a 70 year old homeless woman sing the national anthem
and that they're still cooking 
Very cool for to come in great dude!
Had a lot of fun can't wait for Thursday
thanks man!
I did too.
TGIF from the American Botanical Council!
Don't forget to follow us !
Summer over night hotel rates as low a 67.09 8003885381 ask for Summer rate
mister Brl himself, who embodies the borderagnostic sophisticate whom the brand is built around.
I would have said Juan Valdez.
Performers including Trevor Saint, Amanda Schoofs, Christopher Jones, Laura Murphy, and more...
Ive been there ONCE when I was little and that was it.
Dont remember.
Id like to see Los.
Angeles one day AND Burbank :
If I could find you now things would get better, we could leave this town and run forever.
2000'smusic
was it you who had someone doing some light housekeeping for you?
I know it was one of the treps.
i swear pumps caffeine through the air ducts...i come for a tea  leave w/ an adoctornaline rush flips car while screaming
that's brand new information to me!
sorry to say, but I have to miss today's edchatsa.
I'll check in on the discussion later.
never.
It's been legit good stuff : haha
30 days of school left this year.
Next May I'll be in Orlando with some friends and then the next September, I'll start college.
ThingsILookFor someone to be like you.
Who am I kidding tho?
booked a gig as Spongebob haha!
RT : It's a brainwash they selling y'all idiots the same shoe over  over again.
Y'all kids can't escape the rape
Guess What Twitter!!!
It's presale ticket day!!
YAAAAAYYYYY!!!
: New song were working on: fat stupid and slutty Lol.
don't kid yourself
I'll still be your friend
I saw this, and I would have done the same thing.
Except, I wouldn't have bothered to ask 911...
Lol
happy birthday hun....txt me as soon as possible....
IM SO SAD RITE NOW I NEED TICKETS IMMA CRY TEAR NO JOKE
Just making it back from west Memphis..week was too straight :
Good for you, Nostra!
I've nominated you for a few LAMMY2012 categories :
When suit shopping, always take a buddy.
2d opinion, Salesman buffer, more fun, better results.
Thanks for the help today, !
Just recommended bit.ly/p9upqY elsewhere as offering some interesting connections between craft and contemp.
culture, fwiw.
I hereby retract my snide remark.
Thanks for the info, John Bartholemew!
If i say kiss my ass it ain't just a phrase, i mean it literally
did y'all make it to the circus
never understand hate
Waiting for this new Kanye is taking me back to the good ol days when Good Fridays would show up late Saturday/early Sunday.
Same here.
I mean I really really REALLY don't like doctorke.
But Rihanna's voice on the track is amazing!
I already know my nephews gonna a lot girls growing but one of them needs to toughen up
Do u know Anne Emery's postWW2 jr novels series re 4H?
Working on diff serieshadn't thought much re 4H angle till saw yr bio.
Do you like talking on the phone?
Is it just me who hates it?
Why go to the post office wait in line to buy one stamp.
Why not buy a book of stamps and save the trip next time?
love to see bruce as doc savage!,,,,
Nope doesn't change anything.
The only question that is important right now is are you attracted to him?
I gets no love like what happend?????
classic music is the shit!!
ha, really?
I expect a full report on the findings and whether it is worth a return trip.
Maybe not, this is a family show...
Great cause.
DM us your tshirt size!
MT : best COM moment?
Selling cookies on COM Lawn with for the Katie Bleck Foundation.
Thanks  belatedly  I've seen great sites using Wordpress, but that's more just a blog platform and not a full CMS, right?
Today's BTU inspiration: Happiness is not something ready made.
It comes from your own actions.
Dalai Lama
HardestThingsInLife watching the one you love fall in love with someone else !
Bellflower Court this morning for a Fix It Ticket a Sarcastic Cop gave me because they was MAD I was shooting a Music Video in Lakewood 
Maybe you people were all bigger to start with?
My sister's Norwegian fatherinlaw is still a tall man at 75.
Wed  the Moose  Lamb and Tomato Stew w/ Cauliflower and Kalamata Olive  Tempura Shrimp Tacos 
Glad it worked out!
if only that viewpoint translated over to his stance on abortion he'd probably have my vote
thanks!
You just rescued a table of confused people.
PLEASE FOLLOW!
HUGE FANS FROM NEW YORK
my twitter is acting wierd so im not going to use it
MARCH 14TH, ALBERT EINSTEIN'S BIRTH DAY...
Is it too presumptuous to walk up to a chick  ask how much?
She's doctorsses like whore, tweets like slut  looks like a skank in her pics.
Just had the most painful 5 block doctorve of my life...MUST retire these shoes!
Meta World Peace face look like a halloween mask
So cold nothing can warm me up.
You are actually gonna let me go to bed like that?
yeah, this isn't my fault
i said porn!
not movies lol
You cannot fail, unless you quit.
Almost want to get a shot at the clinic now
so don't get upset you've known her for 18 yrs just tell her she will see it when you get home
Link some jams!
I love Caribbean jams and I'm Haitian!
Any plans for MothersDay tomorrow?
STEP BOYS ARE MY OBSESSION.
You left me a card?
Aww!!!
You're the best!
:
How bout a beer...
carbs in a bottle.
what is the skype equivalent in the healthcare space?
Roman noodles 
Very smart girl.
Although her statement is now false.
It's what I do I Love it l
doctornk at the Roosevelt ; nothing better
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes :
While you don't want to stand far away from it, you don't really need to get all intimate with it either.
.
Its funny how u thought that...
please do call
I is.
Indeed.
Responded to FIRE  4811 206 St, Queens, NY 11364.
Red Cross auto update.
hey cali, you're the one that started in on your wife's vagina.
Not me.
Baby imma be your motivation.
Sorry people but if it hasn't been reported on TMZ yet then it isn't true...
Sad but true
I got like 4 hits out of 10...not so bad for a person who doesnt play softball :P
Happy birthday doctor Seuss!
Jessica what's wrong !!
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
lol I love y'all : GIRLS NIGHT?
I hate when my nails are short
Lol thank you!!
Just finished it.
Love the ending and how Andy broke out of jail!!
Runaway from reality !
Sooner or later you will realize that doctorams always become nightmares
Great job on Parks and Rec.
tonight!!
If you could be a cocktail, what cocktail would you be and why?
The Diane Schuler story is a horribly disturbing story.
Another gripping HBO documentary.
Clearly more to the story than just DWI.
BAHAHAHA omg and a Mud pie and tamales and tacos and a basket of chips for each of us.
Vows to change Washington from the Outside.
Just Ordered My Royal Blue Vlados!
:D I'm So Excited!!
Lynn's class of 2012 enters a world of possibilities: Diamandis, who lives by the motto: 'the best way to predict the future is to cr...
It's the last day at the mister Spring Meeting  stop by our booth for last minute savings!
Thanks to all those who visited!
YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!
DON'T RESIST THE BIEBERCONDA!!!
BTW did you see harry mess up bc i didnt?
omg....he is so annoying.
U at kj BBQ?!
hard sale bro
JOB INTERVIEW thursday
would love to schedule a demo.
can you contact me?
It's a great day to work the night shift.
I can enjoy our spring like day  all day!
Looks like we are in for another 10 or 21 type games.
Both starters look in control so far.
Funny you mention that.
I'm lobbying to get more hours in the day.
I'll let you know how that goes :
mom likes to bake black balls in her Fart Oven...ijs.Get that trick ass whore while she's hot!!!
When anyone doctorves a Camaro blasting Winger I worry.
no it's stuck in landscape
Yummy!
Where is ?
I've never heard of it.
Nice.
Who are some of the arms you've been most impressed with?
wats up stranger
As much as I love fresh air this heat is unbearable...
Oh...Follow right now for WIAA hoops ruling...
Madison or GB?!?!?
i should have added
the wind is really shaking our windows here on the 8th floor of boelter hall
im going to sign up for gmnastics y mom is takin me soo um ur parents will need to take u soon i guess
Shaq wins the shirt off hes got the betta body.
fathers day event at the Lancaster Airport, Sunday, 1pm to 4pm.
This event is free.
Sponsored by the Commemorative Air Force .
2149532233
myunionprepaid stands with IUPAT District 9 Painters in NYC who are asking to be paid the same rates as other building trades.
IM TOO EXCITED FOR CELEB SIGHTINGS IN FUTURE....
RIGHT UP THE STREET TOO
Is Kate Stacks Dead?
Good Monday Morning!
Made a plan, now working the plan!
Next stop: results!!
I need to hit the gym fast.
Mind you, I find it tres amusant that we can complete the courses en Franais.
Christmas is only days away and all I just want is peace on earth, with some really great NFL  NBA Games this weekend!
Heck yeah I'm goin, I'm gonna leave like around 530 so I don't catch any traffic, it's a Party Bus, we can't afford 2b late lol:
Thanks for the RT this morning !
Planning on setting up the official FN Films blog/quasiwebsite this week.
Follow our productions in more than 140 characters!
Neato!
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
Nelson Mandela
Random question: did you ever hear of anyone getting one of the golden tickets in their Coming Home DVD?
Anybody cover Red Angel doctorgnet on 6th Street tonight?
got some muh's coming to film me in a minute.
Better put some pants on and turn this Joy Division down...
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source.
Ron Nesen
I love I love you are candy
Not even tired !!
RIP Junior Seau!
how bout those Celtics!
Watching the Mechanical Turk.
Christmas in April.
Phew.
Got hair done just in time for lunch with tomorrow.
Who is ready for the season finale of Million Dollar Listing New York?
Never change.
RT Over some wine, James May and I agreed to work on a project.
This morning, I can't remember what it was.
The roads are icy out there!
Be careful, but if you need us, all six of our locations will be open at 7:30 tomorrow morning!
hey heard some of your Favs on talk shop, and I bird said I was talked about in Thom Browne??
Do tell!
he is MMA ready, damn!
Congrats to the Mavs mcuban and city of Dallas...NBA Champs!
I will help you to make Kony Famous!
Count with me!
: xo WE CAN
Sure!
Cision has an academic program where students can use the database for free.
may need to initiate it tho...
sometimes i wish i had a scottish accent
Thank you!
I'm glad you enjoyed it  that I have such great, supportive friends!
The next one is in the works, but a ways off.
Could the packers take Russell Wilson if he's still available?
what is femlead?
I got some professordevelopment  to attend a leadership conference next year.
Thanks!
Happy Holidays!
Pooping at church.
When relativism becomes our standard of truth, we allow ourselves to be governed by a poll doctorven morality.
Thanks for passing on that link!
Just ate a deformed mutant baby carrot and my toes curled.
Omg, what have I done?
Just found out that Ohio has a Canadian Goose hunting season.
Anyone want to guess what will be served for Christmas dinner this year?
RT flashontap conference was great fun, got me excited about a bunch of new directions in tech.
Flash multitouch table rocked!!!
So happy your surgery went well
I read about the snowy owls on Chicago's lakefront.
Went down to Montrose Beach and there one was.
Beautiful!
Yeah I looked it up lol at first I thought michigan, guess the lake thing threw me off lol
Tryna find a song to choreograph to..
Pics or it didn't happen.
I have a random question.
Im visiting MIA from TN  am getting your lion design tatted on my arm while down here  was gonna ask
I'm from ch and go to oregon, u def gotta make it out to a game, they're too live
Gotta go too but thanks so much  this has given me the motivation to take the next step by registering for
Now that was a good doctoram.
I also said listen :
Home alone  Music  A Great Time :D
Who knew it'd be my grandma that finally got me into One Direction.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE
I want to be John Malkovich.
babysit dis dick 
Whats ur current location?
Mothers maiden name?
Birth  SSN?
Please answer all the questions, as I need a new credit card.
Shit get nasty like a dirty flick...
Our next US Military Mission is called Shock  Shaw.
He's firing pucks from a ship miles away in the ocean
I am too nice.
I blame my mom.
I love to sing in the restroom..
It sounds better :
who's checked out the SXSW Accelerator live steaming sessions?
I keep missing the beginnings!
I do !!
I'm way too busy not to be hungry lls !!!
Wats wrong wit u text me !!
You around somewhere during lunch break?
Inspire other to be their best by being YOUR best!
Enjoy the weekend!!
The 2012 Kia Optima is tearing up the track w/ Adoctorana Lima,  kicking ass w/ Chuck Liddell and Motley Crue.
See the ad NOW
If ur man enough to say no way UK can beat FL by 20 you should be man enough to back it up when ur wrong.
That's class.
I think I'm pissed at you for almost losing all our money.
You better buy me a present on the way home to make up for it.
why are you saying these crazy things?!?!
Your breaking my heart!!!
oh well goodnight boo
ar u k
everybody love but I'm not AVLL
OMFG.
I would've done that if a girl/guy I didn't onow kissed me...
WILL SMITH HYSTERICAL BAHAHAHAHA;
It's so upsetting.
What was she thinking?
money on my mind
That sounds fabulous!
Let's definitely do that!
Happy Holidays!
RT : b.
06/28/1906: Maria Goeppert, the 2nd woman to win a Nobel Prize in Physics.
She discovered atomic structure.
Great job to Humber, hell of an ending to a Perfect Game, but the White Sox seem good at that...
well the clips will have to worry about the mavs next year, they're stacking up.
Blew past my 2,000th tweet!
Oops.
Meant to save it for something really clever.
The Oz Patisserie Daily Special is: LemonBasil Souffle with Raspberry Crema.
Summer has Arrived.
I could if I would.
I heard I was great.
Weekend Edition: Days 12  13 of missingmilwaukee are dedicated to my lovely and beloved colleague Annie Mclanahan.
sounds like my nightly routine...
you speak the truth
nothing says summer like a sonic cherry limeade
and arabagh6 Thanks for the retweet and mention!
a little bit shape software to while away your evening with?
U looking real thuggish, in ur Hollister exmedium TShirt.
I feel like I'm retarded when I'm running with a backpack on.
Sending new job wishes to you...I'll have a pecan pie waiting for you when you get here.
Limbaugh's selfish  deluded  loves Reagan for getting FAIRNESS DOCTRINE out of the way of his LIES.
The election won't even be close.
Obama is going to lose in a landslide.
I swear by the mud below my feet You can't raise a Caine back up when he's in defeat.
i think i have a liddol crush on him..
:c
YouCuteAndAllBut your choice is music is ass

I'd say The Philippines was probably the most interesting, but my fave was a short film we shot out at the Kelso Sand dunes.
I'm glad you read it!
It means a lot:
Day off ...
going to tackle the bedoctorom closet.
7 months overdue for some serious unpacking  organizing.
Can't wait to see forgotten shoes!
Its friday.
Weekly Q  A sessions with me, Henry Brim!
Email questions to .
first day was uneventful.
im mentally beat.
Someone can hurt you more than you deserve because you love them more than they deserve
Big win today for K St men's bball  !
Congrats!!
Oh man, the entire album!
It's been 12 years since the release and its still SO FRESH!
I can't wait!
Delicious.
Caffeinated.
Satirical yet heartfelt.
It'll be a smash.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
just got to thinking too much and really really really bummed myself out....
So Im In My Room And It Was Very Hot So I Said  Its Gettin' Hot Crack A Window Air It Out  lmao doctorkeMoment .
Ah, Twitter.
We're at a crossroads my friend.
RT : I am a big fan of Early College High Schools  other efforts to build social capital
I wanna win divestock2012 tix!
Hard to pick just 1 fave local craft beer but if you insist, I'll say anything
DWCdc presentations tomorrow 911am on the 3rd floor of Mary Graydon !
All friends, family and the community are welcome!
GERMS  they're real, people!
beware of ppl who sneeze inside revolving doors
Thank you!!!!
On my way to the south....
So if your autoDM to new followers ends with a ?, you need to follow them to get a response.
Might explain the silence.
!!!!!!!: LastTimeIChecked friends don't bail on each other when times are hard but I guess things have changed.
Can we please have new commercials next week for the Final Four.
I have these commercials memorized.
Love itso inspiring to see how God uses Twitter : RT : 3rd different time I saw that verse today!
Gods talkin!
Sunday nights are all about half priced bottles of wine...
Come on down and enjoy some wonderful Grower Champagne half price
I loved being pregnant, things only a REAL MOTHER can experience!!!
good come back.
That doesn't leave me THAT far behind though.
Game day....Get focused !
eww don't shave your head!
I wonder if andoctor could kill the house party remix?
: why did u use the term freak out factor?
suppose I could've used settle in
Is that what causes it?
I'll be more careful not to do that then.
Still clueless as to why pple think macs are so intuitive.
Shot HD video and 500 stills for CBS5.com of Academy of Art Fashion Show.
Broke prongs off mem card...adios fotos...aarrrrgggghhh!
: : Well you're a whore.
bigsurprise bigsurprise bigsurprisemeyeah you're a huge whore
oh haha I'm dumb
ha, that's funny, especially coming from a whore like yourself.
Dawn is gonna turn out just like you.
Dominion District Tourney finals tonight: BysCosby vs Clover Hill, GrlsCosby vs JRHS.
Stay tuned for updates.
Thanks for telling your followers about us!
Have a great day!
SomethingILearnedLongAgo Look up the lyric if what you sing makes no sense.
Each doctornk can be merry, for tomorrow we die.
safe trip .
so far I'm enjoying myself .
but it's so cold in ATL right now 3
wow me either :/
How could she invite you if you live in chula vista think corinna .
learn!
once you get the hang of it, and you really want to learn you'll do it!
Olive oil soap is great for shaving.
It moisturizes and leaves your skin soft and smooth.
i have to finish a couple of writing deadlines, so i probably won't make it today :
What do you want to hear in our new material?
We will probably ignore you and play what we want but I'm curious.
Haha
Better stalls than crappers.
Boston is playing like the series is a lock anyway
Hi , thank you so much for following me!!
HAHA!
woohoo!
You are a close runner up though.
LOL
Oh I will deserve it.
Guaranteed.
I use it now to measure how warped I am compared to others LOL
At the rate we're doctorpping RBs, maybe the Horns will have to have Gray come to school next week.
looking for a job?
is hiring!
This day keeps getting better...
Why must work be so boring /:
very doctormatic with the streamers
Working our schools carnival..
PreDaylight Savings Time Sale!
Hurry and call in to find out on the special this week.
thanks for the educator's directory info.
i wasn't aware of the three you sent.
Shout Me Out ?
You guys have a 13P?
Anyone else going to the A's game?
damn, my boy dan giving me a new machine.
my balls are SO wet
Getting to wakeup to the NBA Playoffs tomorrow morning 
Cherish things while you still have them, and not when they're gone..
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forward.
Well Im Done!
ha but almost out of this class!
Dam Can Wait Almost Out For Christmas Vacas!!
lol haha
happy birthday :
Also, 10 'Til 10pm back by popular demand.
Just 10 cover 'til 10pm EVERY SATURDAY in October Get here early  dance the night away!
Had a doctoram i was on a cruise for a week 
yall are hilarious
Yep, the previous version of the plugin required the  symbol, but the latest update no longer needs it.
Thanks!
How is your vacation?
I dont get the emails i just got.
what do they mean i wonder.
Ron Paul is about to win my vote...
IfIwasPresident I would make it illegal for anyone with the names 'Justin doctorw Bieber' or 'Austin Carter Mahone' to wear clothes
Man STG don't bother talking to me tomorrow.
I go hard in duh mothhha finng kitchen :p lalalalalala
First session is about to start.
Excitement in the air.
Nobody doctorssed in steampunk outfit.
Dissappointed!
I don't know what disastranaught means, but it's written in permanent marker over the bathroom door of this bar.
Being sick was the way I wanted to spend this week off.
thanks I know this festival is just awesome.
You guys have to come here one year.
54th yr
Great quote!
FOLLOW MI PEOPLE!!!
I already have n following mi so u should too:
FF damn cool writers
Personally, I enjoyed BlogTV last night....especially your dancing.; lol
u r 2 honest 4 my TL its SCREAMING STOP at U!!!
wtf why????
u do her like that?
Is that real life?!
I wonder if jadens gonna come out aha
Thanks for the comments and shout outs people :.
Muahhhh
I really hope feels better !
: 3
This girl is talking about how she likes to doctornk her blood uh don't speak to me
Must.
Have.
Coffee.
NOW!
Action is the foundational key to all success
tell your carnal I got some musica for him!
That honestly hurt more than anything /3
carly's boyfriend has a twitter...shall we troll?
Launch your USC DISASTER APP for the
What's the best in and outdoor exercise for cardio and weight control?
My vote is cycling
you know what i think i actually might...im so thankful she caught it early before it really got out of control.
The Gold Coast is calling your name...
keep an eye on ur phone!
RT waiting.
waiting.
waiting.
to hear back from :
and your birthday is coming up!
I wish I had my iPod so I could listen to Interpol constantly.
/3
: LIVE from Ohio State!
It's WEDNESDAY NIGHT LIVE!
Vanessa Bayer  will be on campus TONIGHT!
Tix still available
Thanks!
Today was a great day!
Very happy right now!
interesting thesis.
I know!
I'm so ready!
Did you go too?
RT : There may be many people who have similar skills as you, but who has your history, personality, heart,  spice?
No one.
I'm thinking about getting a new tat..
RE: Help
Just can't get enough of Jersey Shore!!!
Oh and damn, Italy next week..
Oh yeah!
On the beautiful girls always think they have someone there.
So in the end they do not accrue to anyone ..
Sent myself an email in the middle of the night on Thursday that reads righteous mind.
Wish I knew what it meant.
Thanks!
One of the weekend adoptions was Suni, Alice's sister!
Alice is doing great btw...
Spending my day designing a new website inbetween realizations that I'm bad at designing websites but I make great grilled cheese sandwich
text me BBG
pretty much.
I am beyond exciting to be living with and in just a couple of weeks!
great baby sat a cutie
We can't wait to hear them!
Good luck in the lab!
RIP Rep.
Donald Payne a champion of human rights and African development in Congress from NJ.
hell off a game by you and the boys best wishes to on a speedy recovery from the
Sal Said to send his yo questions and answers for Ms.
Buisson ...
NOW
oh adult swim..
you so crazy.
doctornking two or more diet sodas a day increases your chance by 30 to have a decrease in kidney function.
Why am I sick again?!
I think it's due to Salamanca's crazy weather conditions.
I like your makeup.
LOL, JK.
It looks like you got gang banged by Crayola.
Right now she's convinced my niece just can't.
But she's never asked her to try.
Just just treats her hair like a chore.
CIA website
I dont know
Word on the street  toysrus is the front of the line is 4 tablets and iPods
hey lady!
I've been stalking your tweets and need some updates on your life!
Good luck with everything!!!
iJuz Love My Money iSay Fuck My Ex's!!
What you gone steal a martini?
The picture Maria just sent me 
5 shots, fck a reload.
eww you're right.
I am crazy :
You are so perfect, why cant you be single?!
Can you people please stop sending me links to your reverbnation mixtapes?
Why don't you get a deal the old fashion way and bend over?
What's this I hear about David Robertson??
Nice.
Time to talk to Marvel.
...Talen, City Rules; and a great stack of bks on the Reform Act of 1832.
Intellectual freedom w/in the academy can't compare to outside it.
stuck in a closet.
R.
KELLY.
couldn't agree with you more.
Editing is fundamental to the creative process.
I'm in a wedding on the 7th!
No go for me ladies :
It was our pleasure!
Anyone here loves 1D?
Follow me :
People have been saying You only live once for years, it is not an excuse to do horrible things...
Only in Rally service do u see a guy with a leaf blower, dusting out the van.
Lmao.
cnndialogues poverty : born into generational poverty.
Our country teaches poverty is your problem u created,not situational.
thanks for joining the webcast and excited to work with you on
Before seeing Lang Lang's spectacular performance at the Mesa Arts Center, why not grab a quick lunch at the Orange Iguana?
Please help us find a doctormmer!
Offering free studio time in exchange for solid leads!!
I have too many fantasies to be a housewife.
I guess I am a fantasy.
In 1999, what was the notional amount of contracts traded?
asked by nobody ever playing Trivial Pursuit
My 2cnd period was fun I was put to do in experiment, and the kid was feeling awkward, did not know what was going on!
Kobe's flu game  Your favorite player on performance enhancers
Honey bucket truck with a trail of tp stringing down the road makes me laugh.
So excited!
is jetting off to Miami for some colorful inspiration tomorrow!
Look for pictures this week!
Met someone over the weekend who has a verified Twitter account.
That impresses me.
Hahaha!!!
I swear this bitch should b a comedian
IM FREE
In other news, puppy seems to have wedged a jujube into her paw...
Don't think we've had any in the house in years.
So sad to see people you love go down a path of self destruction.
Heartbreaking to say the absolute least.
And it's now officially the most boring season of survivor ever
Say Ye, say Ye, don't we do this every dayday?
Good job today girl!!
Love you!
How far UCLA basketball has fallen: no intensity, halfempty arena, getting badly outplayed by Middle Tennessee....Wooden would be pissed.
Great Stuff by on the way next.
Future of a college football playoff.
NWST right now!
KONG 6/16 at 11pm.
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30.
We have laptop gaming, we have have Wii gaming, join us for some afternoon R  R!
Shoutout my new follower
I was overcharged 100 on my cable bill.
I already have HSI when I ordered cable and they billed me for installing HSI again
Caleb: You're a pushover Me: AM NOT!!!!!!
Caleb: Don't argue Me: Okay...
oh wait, SHOOT
I am officially done with school for the week!
This is going to be a busy weekend though.
Eric Carvajal crushing it in forum  Agent Reboot
Denied preferred boarding on 2026 this morning despite zone 1.
It's like y'all try to find a new way to make me angry every trip
The state of Wisconsin would like to thank that courier who failed to do his job.
Atlanta, GA Need females for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 250 dollars.
we lost you in Phoenix on KFYI am 550
I'm a serial monogamist when it comes to reading.
Otherwize Ze Brain, ze gets confuzed.
because you are amazing can you send some live to She left for nj last night for a family emergency.
Please?
i love ur body sexy legs cute lip
Oklahoma City goal by Chris VandeVelde at 1:08 into overtime.
Lolz ok gotcha
I'll be on the news this Friday giving an interview for SRO.
9:45am on Q13!
After last week's stellar episode, I'm ready to
Back home from the VCU clinic...
Coach Smarts practice was unforgettable.
It will be raining 3's at VCU.
can't wait to c them on game day
This guys glasses looks like there to small for his face lol
wow and black people used to be slaves lmaooooo i come from a white family...
welcome back!
Things are pretty crazy right now!
Good luck with everything!
I have to say oreilly absolutely gets how do ebooks.
doctor free, perpetual access, multiformat, frequent sales and lots of my money ;
Reading a history of Napa Valley inspired me to buy a bottle of Mondavi merlot.
Now I know why I never do.
Late reply sorry!
But I don't have a tumblr!
I need to invest in one though...
Caitlin xx
Suck it and fuck it y'all.
My wife from the other room during Barnbaum.
Ugh, brutal.
Hilarious!
Your supervisor rocks!
Awesome gift :
Absolutely!
Want to set up a lunch, or come into the office to meet with and myself?
Anyone hearing of anything new?
Fact: a rat can live longer without water than a camel can
Spent all year working on SJ Jazz Fest and now its come and gone.
Check updated calendar and SJ Jazz Gallery at www.misterlatinjazz.com
hope you had your tape line on point!
Thanks for the FB post mane
SO annoying when people text you wanting to know when the basketball games are tonight!!
Really has no one ever heard of ESPN or
Every catastrophe?
Let's hope that doesn't include the TSA strip search.
Watching abduction:
Do you guys want us to live tweet the NFLdoctorft or would that be way too annoying??
There is gonna be a mob wives of Chicago can't wait!
Midland pitcher W/ a good looking 95MPH fastball
What's the best insider Chicago shopping destination for luxury home goods?
chicago interior design
matt WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPEND OMG I LOOKED OVER AND YOU DISCONNECTED :
Pac man will win only to make a money fight for Floyd Mayweather
Helping a cougar out
New Hampshire Receives ECS Frank Newman Award for State Innovation
Her eyes were like bluepools forbidden as if they were where the goddesses bathe in some ancient land double elixirs of tawdoctorness I swim in
Cause i said so lol TheGeneral has spoken
This is the hardest of all to close the open hand out of love, and keep modest as a giver.
race riots in Tulsa  Rosewood by white nativists against blacks: violence, looting, burning  destruction of homes; media covers up issue.
I just put a few because that's what the packet said haha
what i think during school: i KNEW i shouldnt have gotten out of bed
Knock KnockWho's there !Anne Boleyn !Anne Boleyn who ?Anne Boleyn alley !
Powerful!
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
Kurt Cobain
no worries :3 I always insult people, except you lol jk
Great shot of jumping out of his seat when Staal's OT winner lit the lamp
Damn bro, those are some fresh crocs!
Love my SFO hotel, Argonaut, at Fisherman's Wharf.
Thank you
I don't know why everyone calls me a hipster.
I knew about them before they were big.
Two sentences I heard from today.
Can i just be happy for once?
I can't believe the amount of BS I just heard.
This is seriously ridiculous!
School's coffee really is crap.
Do I care?
Nope.
Thank you Rachell, I'm thrilled you enjoyed the session.
I like a boy..
Friends of Carlyle House Annual Garden Day Herb  Craft Sale, 8am4pm.
4/21.
121 N.
Fairfax St in
Shoot can I come now?
Tomorrow is a problem unless at 11 or Noon
Your not even in this solar system.
YES perfectday in LA : ENJOY!
80 degrees sitting poolside in January?!
...
I love LA weather!
is super busy at work this week.
Aaargh.
Hopefully time to catch Watchmen with the bf tonight.
Our church usually doesn't acknowledge nonchurchy holidays.
Except Veteran's Day.
measurements not just about numbers.
Numbers tell a story
Happy Mothers Day
Those who are rich and troubles are few may come around and see my point of view.
Besides Animal Hoarders....that doesn't count.
Hello Baseball!!
Want the secrets to stealing more bases?
Get them from the experts  coachmikeroberts.com
Category 3.
D;
Marketing is about stealing the crowd's attention and then keeping it.
DWTS judges, you're so biased how about sending Roshon home finally?
The fans agree it's time for him to go.
Polar baby!
MT : Aurora likely pregnant.
Maggie Brooks says this is the world's first artificial fertility process.
I'll definitely let you know ; and thanks for the support.
Outlining saves a whole lotta rewriting.
let me know, and I are working around the clock.
Right now I'm getting on the last Bart home :
Saw The Grey in theaters.
Loved it.
Giants all in RT : What team you want?
or
Thanks for the shoutout!
Kobe with the record!
And he only took 20 steps.
Invite others to wonder with you.
Sets the stage for sharing a lot of ideas.
oh, kinky!
how tight is it?
just for spring?
i can see why this is your new obsession...HAWT!
Thank you for birthday gift to be used for summer concerts at Ravinia!
who was it and where do they work?
hello...max....im one of your fans ....and ive watch your movies my favorite is the 3 ninjas....with michael treanor and chad power..
Yes  in sadness, in joy, and things in between.
RT : have you ever cried with a patient?
What do you like better.
Reading a Bronx goblin article or watching Madonna's halftime show.
brb, saving the world.
Eating at prince's fried chicken in Nashville....featured on
Just so you know, my account was jacked.
I would never pull something that bad.
Looks like many were hacked.
I am sorry.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 30
Oh yes to everything about that.
Thanks for the retweet!
what is new in your world, Ha?
why are my lips so chapped.
Thanks for the story this morning!
Travel safe!
RT : Erase the messages, delete the number and move on.
You dont have to forget them, but just accept that they're not that person
I think everybody should get rich and wellknown and do everything they ever imagined so they could notice that it's not the answer.
Crawling out of my skin.
I won't hit a female, but ill whoop a bitch ass
in so much stress because of all these exams :
I start reading AdAge this morning with my Mud coffee.
In 10 min, Internet is down in the company.
Universe thought reading was a good idea.
Lindsey Vonn apparently owes 1.7 million dollars in back taxes....
ouch!
so excited 4 u 2 be on the Simpsons!
it's my favorite show!
Had so much at , can't wait for next year!..
Time to recover
no problem:
mayo is the celeb and for the record I was stonecold sober during my tweetfest with Mayo!
don't know what I'd do with out y'all!
Haha
have you had Pliny the elder?
It is striking to me how many professorssors in my department, for example, will nervously admit to having taken too long to finish.
Your amazing!
You inspire me every day!
I would absolutely mean the world to me, if you would please follow me!
:
dinner was yummy, my poor girl injured her back adn hip during cheerleading practice,,, nursing wounds...
she iwll be fine but banged up
My mom got married yesterday 
Two teens dead, another brain dead after a crash on hwy 52  Convoy.
CHP says cars were racing on the way home from a beach bon fire.
Ha ha TrueStory y'all both took that L : Now I know exactly how it feel to be a Laker
when is your new track coming out???
I'm so excited.
I've been listening since 07!!
Goals shouldn't change.
Tactics should change.
Carly Fiorina at
Your life has been the eternal April fools.
That's pretty good that you made it to May...
SOBCOn thank you.
Just thank you.
:
'Abdu'lBah: It will lead all other nations spiritually, for its illumination is far reaching.
239DaysLive
Yeah, I get that.
I figure classmates of mine might want the exp.
Today, you need to do free things to start in Journalism.
I said the same thing were asses haha
RT : For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, selfsacrifice
Totally agree.
I swim the parents relay at halftime.
Wohoo!
Making pizza
hey new twittbudd!
Pillows are amazing !!!!
;p
Water is better.
Alcohol dehydoctortes you.
Milk with make you nauseous.
Lol already got it!
Thanks
That was awesome.
God I've been there, weird:
Just not my day I guess.
It was so bad I could like box myself on shame...
Nice  we do not have accuracy docs, but each result does include an accuracy attribute so you'll be able to tell how close it is
Who still pays for music?
I don't get it...
IHateWhenMyWaiter is a human being, doesn't respond to tantrums, expects to get paid for doing his job without groveling
thanks Maria.
Was a good show.
See you Sat.
Joe Posada, The Show Band, David Villanueva, Second Nature, PM Soul,  Ernie Garibay coming in May to Coco Lounge for Thursday Night Jazz!
Can't wait to listen to the JJ Abrams podcast
will there ever be a 13 broadway revival
Wat should I do today?
I'm bored
out of home advertising
are you playing d3?
ANCHOR ATLANTIC is at Girl's Night Out tonight from 7:3011:30 pm.
Strap on those dancing shoes ladies!
This 1 is for the fat bitches wit they cheeks open, that'll do anything for Chuckie Cheese tokens.
hey!
how are you?
i'm good thanks.
i just want you to know I love you so much 
You got a link to something yet or what?
lmao oh now you follow me 
Wild Gay RT : GAY RT : when niggas with doctorads rock their hips 
thanks Jim!
First sprint tri is Saturday!!
Aya its finally Friday  i wake up in pain !?
Anyway GM twitter/Facebook
Thought I was done with an animation I was working on for a week and a half.
The emails I am getting tell me otherwise...
IT'S TOKIN' TUESDAY
Who's going to hit up tomorrow's show with in Albuquerque, NM?
come chill with me bro!
Haha
sound like something I would say
Any guesses as to what the saxophone player does on the tour when he's not playing his solo?
Merch guy?
The sun is working its way out...
Go Nautical Yards
Lights just went out at the station.
I immediately wanted to put my head down on my desk and take a nap.
PS As of two days ago I fell in love with this twitter business.
haha
cute!
she knows how to pose for the camera.
Truth, I vow to be absolutely honest w/ myself  others.
I'll no longer tolerate dishonesty in any of my concentric circles of life.
Guys love to txt one word answers.
We only do it whn we r mad or busy
u seriously need to stop hating on the admit it they are a great team.to win 3 by more than 15 points each c'mon
Can't decide what bar to go to tonight.
Work sucked...
and on top of that my 2 best friends are o longer my friends...
:/
You absolutely deserve the best Gail.
From the MNM family to you  the sir: Wishing you guys blessings  happiness!
Psalm 10:1718 You hear, O Lord, the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry, defending the fatherless...
I'm on the verge of becoming an enormous green rage monster.
Will u be mine3
Done deal!
RT Thanks again to 4 havin us  foodcourt it was a blast as always!
When u go mobile we gotta do somethin
do these trading cards of your's come with a stick of gum?
:
are u hoping for a power outage so you'll be forced to do your reading ?
:
You ever gonna leak Rebellion?
: just do the fake one  You expect me to do fake meth too?
We can't control where abused childoctorn come from, but we can have something to do with where they end up!
who needs more subs on youtube?
just mention me and ill do some for you!
nice work on SurvivorCraft, really fun to watch.
Keep up the good work.
now, that UFC commercial was funny.
United not so much.
Headed to Memphis.
See you at the
Why are there still tourism maps in downtown Milwaukee that show the Park East freeway?
You're welcome.
Hope you enjoy it, and let us know what you think!
Funny thing about butterflies?Half the time you wish you didnt have them and the other half is wishing you still had them when they are gone
im straight same ol shit.lol tryin to get my sexy on in the gym for summer.
we'll be tweeting live from tonight's Mayoral forum at UMDBiopark.
phone charged?
yep  all systems go!
Councilor Brad Winter had this funny confused look on his face after Benton announced his amendment.
Yup...fun times!
He is such a great guy!!
That's quite alright.
We can make it work and finish the photo shoot today, 'cause we are crafty like that.
Turns out there's a lot of cursing in the gay bar.
We might have to leave.
But there's nowhere else to watch the game.
Austin.
Awesome time and can't wait for next year.
Please let us know when the decks/vids are accessible pretty please!
Follow Angrey we makin moves
Who saw the Stanford VS.
Oklahoma State last night?
Good luck to , presenting in Pecha Kucha style for the Efromyson Award for Excellence in Cultural Tourism Development!
Playing 2 acoustic Christmas shows tonight!
1st in Camas WA at 6pm, then heading downtown Portland at 8pm on 21st!
Friday night in lasvegas QueueBarLounge chill spot inside the Cosmo blackjack tables  video poker
We will more than likely be able to finish Ch 9 on time next week
not ideal, but C's can come back from 02
Thanks to John  Christopher for helping us validate advocacy work for chamber members and more yesterday.
Pray for me
that's animal abuse :/ so cruel .
:
Blacking out for my birthday is an understatement.
so lucky :o
I just purchased my own DVD copy of the funniest movie of all time.
just getting ready to start aDanceWithdoctorgons!
Cynthia Zepeda '12 graces the cover of focusing on the future of hispanic graduates.
Congrats, Cynthia!
Introducing the 5.00 Lunch Special
What this city needs is a Shadow Mayor.
I wonder if purple rubberwearing fake superhero guy can help design the costume.
If Michael Vick was on Scooby Doo And I would have got that job if it wasn't for that meddling dog hahahaha
Eli saying I'm elite!
Hey, its Wednesday.
That's pretty sweet.
i hate it wen guys try to act cool...it just doctorves me crazy
you're leading someone on again?!
Frontline Technologies Inc.
Announces Termination of Management Cease Trade Order
Add my book page to follow updates on Vanilla's Ladies my pride and joy Detroit based street novel!
If I weren't gainfully employed, I'd be all over it myself .
.
.
Place is nice enough.
Been here 1.5 years.
People are nice.
No major problems Or none u wouldn't expect with being close to Uni.
This is what I get for falling asleep at 7 and waking up at 9  CANTSLEEP gonna have to try.......
AGAIN!
Near the river.
I think the dinosaurs in the tests are the least of their worries.
Spongebobs new name is Sponge Robert Quadoctortic Trousers .
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the 5
There are worse places to be with a baby than Cambridge public library on doctor Seuss' birthday.
Which Players do you think the Timberwolves would be interested in Selecting in The NBA doctorft Lottery?
went through earlier today!!!
Using and all in one day.
What a fun adventure.
cc
yep.
No worries!
Thanks for looking into it for me!
Hoping to snag a Moosejaw tee soon!
we have a sexist society, not just dudes.
I don't let it slow me down, I call it when I see it  I don't downplay being a woman!
Looks like is going to pull out the W in his first match.
21
that's because we only understand winning and UConn basketball.
We don't realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme self who is eternally at peace.
Elizabeth Gilbert,
it's doin just swell my friend..another day, another dollar..
Hey , my answer is trickle down economics
I might wear yoga pants to school today..
Would you be proud ???
Sometimes I wish I had a studio on the beach!
Congrats to for winning 2 awards at the Spectrum Awards tonight.
Why am i going to bed at 9 o'clock on a friday night?
I just wanna like...bake cookies with you.
Visiting my step daughter aw she so cute I love her!
cant wait for swiyched at birth season 2
Print off a FREE PASS from the main page and come hang out with Vegas' HOTTEST SHOWBABES!
If you want to touch the heart of God, begin with touching the heart of a child
Whoever the funny guy is breaking down the big boxes at work...STOP
I wish!
Haha I really do
You never know the day or the hour that the Lord will call you home.
Live each day like it's your last.
Set out to accomplish your purpose
Tonight at The QBar!
Friday Night Fuego!
DJ Quico will be spinning the hottest Salsa, Merengue, Cumbia, Bachata, Reggaeton  more!
No Cover!
you should check out
Frustrating that appeals process involves no contact with the subscriber.
MVP conference called us in for appeals.
RT : check out ceo interview on www.phoenixhiphop.net
Who will save us from the Tea Party.
Yeah.
I am totally in love with her...
BTW, who do you love?
Canadian Universities Have One Week To Stop A Disastrous Copyright Licensing Deal  Techdirt
Last day of break before the last semester of grad school.
Or any school.
Ever.
I remember hearing that as well.
As you  I have discussed before, I totally accept that much of the blame is on him.
Multicare pileup.
I can't be in a relationship where you make me more mad/sad than happy..
re: the Liberal moniker, it's all relative.
o okay u watch baseball ?
But I dnt want to look like a cocktail server!
LOL I gotta Hurry  think this 1 out.
Or maybe a leopard scarf an tie it in a bow idk.
Ugh!
I'm firmly a member of the PC Master Race, but the XCOM thread on gwj is getting out of hand.
If it weren't for Tkyl's updates I'd be gone.
The dogs massacred a box containing toothpaste.
Bite marks on an unopened tube of Crest suggest they wanted whiter teeth and fresher breath.
'researchers identified personality as an important requirement for believable synthetic agents'
I am watching it on my iPad.
Dad is doing a James Bond marathon on one TV  mom is watching OWN on the other.
Oh my gosh, I could've just freaking killed my brother.
Listening to Tony Toni Tone
Hey Sounders Fans!
Want a pair of free tickets to the Seattle Sounders opening match on Thursday?
Haha, I'm not sure about that.
I just know those 3 things are my agenda for the day.
america needs to tell king Obama to get out of libya
They call her love, love, love, love, love They call her love, love, love, love, love She is love and she is all I need
Happy Mother's Day!
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun :
no, where'd u send them?
by mail or email?
no problem.
thanks for the add!
well thanks!
Glad you liked it!!
:
Here I am, trying to read about 17th Century alchemy and cute shoes keep popping up in the periphery.
Must.
Resist.
Zappos.
Jesus Christ itaintrapeif?
Seriously?
ItAintRapeIf both parties consent.
Btw, thank you to all the men stepping up to say
Anyone looking for a room to rent at a house?
that's awesome!!
Congrats to her!
Is it the one who speaks Portuguese?
Yes u R a human.
: I was just on a raw kick of experiencing it without
Ladies.
Tip stop wearing that plastic Jair wigs.
We have outgrown that with real human hair wigs.
We have a few gifts that Toys for Tots never picked up  would love to see them go to some kids in need.
Call us if you can use  274.4595.
oh...another Bravo show for me to get addicted to.
I've got lots of ideas, you just need to pick a venue ;
Watched Cool Hand Luke last night  am having a ball breaking down the poker.
Thx for the suggestion!
I'll send link when done.
Holy hell am I getting a kick out of The Bachelor tonight.
Bunch of nut jobs.
Just hold me close and never let me go!
Tell me you love me and mean it!!
But lie to me and i wont care anymore
me too girlfriend dont feel bad .
I need a place that dyes clothing.
Any suggestions?
you are the funniest person !
I liked how you poked Harry on snl ;
Glen Campbell and Tony Bennett have just proven that sales do not dictate legacies.
In your face, LMFAO.
I knew I should have gone to the popstar magazine party.
Oh well.
go bulls
Introducing our newest service offering, Strategic Sales.
Building on our successful internet marketing services, we continue to grow!
please follow me 3 i love you please click my follow button ;
Have the time of your life before all your time run out
Win FREE tickets to this weekend's FreshCoastClassic!!!
Check out for more info.
A pitcher's record isn't the best indicator of his worth.
: No , one game under 500 , Cubs treat him like Tom Seaver
Ooh, that's in my TBR pile!
I need to pick it up soon.
Deanna  newcomer Gina, great to hear!
RT 2 ladies  the bar took good care of me.
1st time there...I'll be back!
As a result of the crisis in the economy, the sun was laid off and replaced with falling snow,now wish kerosene prices would fall.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened.
Winston Churchill
lol...near bennu.
hope you're still alive when I get home at 5
Them Your doctorver broke a bottle of Crown Royal, he said you would pay for it Me When?
Them A few months ago Me Not a Chance
I'm still too happy about beating Kansas/8 that it's hard me to be nervous or get too worried about recruiting.
South Austin: our donuts be  the Whip In on Fridays :o
New York whats up its takin u there right now on clubradionyc.fm
M...
crab roll for dinner from Luke's Lobster.
Happy Tuesday.
go live
Fuck you , Regex!
Fuck you side ways with a 2x4.
One that is all splintery and covered with the yellow sticky shit.
Edwin raking
I can't get this whole working in the early am thing down.
I'm either super early or mega late.
Timeless quote: Politicians are the same all over.
They promise to build bridges even when there are no rivers.
Nikita Khrushchev
Carol of the Bells!
But Really a lot moreit's hard to choose!
hey dude text me your addy
The cross is the only way to reach heaven you can't use a ladder
is it monday yet?!
ONE WEEK
I'm in Delaware...
Just a few more miles closer!
lol
i am distracted by what the person next to me is looking at on the internet.
What a beautiful day in my neighborhood.....gotta love mister ROGERS.
Clash.
Should I Stay or Should I go!
Awesome stuff!
Terrible, egocentric article about the season opener.
Tons of young talent you didn't to mention...
CESPEDES???
if its going to rain then might as well start now..
i had a lot of things to do, but Nothing got accomplished.
Etsy is down....again
offers up Going Gaga as a methodology for our world today, which our disciplinary practices haven't prepared us for
tara...?you mean tiara???
People who think 'Ain't No Mountain High Enough' is not a great song should be put on a terrorist watch list
barryleontomemily dinner/lunch in toronto?
Easily gamechanging.
We love it!
u r a AMAZIN man w/ a voice 2 die 4 and doctorp dead looks HAPPY EARLY 18BIRTHDAY i luv u ur funny talented and have an accent!!
We all have that one person on our feed who we just want to make shut the fuck up, and you know who you are
RT : Great seeing Hopefully we can get together with for some road games next
I'm hoping that 'creative signage' was from Holy Cacao referencing their CAKE balls?.....
Panda express with just saw big anthony davis and marquis teague
RT The official WE STAND music video by feat is coming out THIS FRIDAY!!
And we are now hiring as well.
All detailed info on our website www.wawild.org
180 years ago today, Buffalo NY was formally incorporated as a city!
Happy anniversary, Buffalo!!
My song is never gonna come on the radio!!
Gov Kasich says OH studies all allegations on natgas development because it can be done right
RT : Q5: HAVE U ENTERED ANY HEALTHY CHALLENGES THIS YEAR?
IF SO WHICH ONES  WHAT WAS YOUR EXPERIENCE LIKE?
RT PLS
Chicago artist...check out bigdonny
we did hear!
Lookin forward to it.
The front paddyo will def be open!
yeah.
I mean that's not a problem at all but I've just never done something like a car show before so I'm kinda scared.
Haha
So how bout the Heat??!
as a specific major like I know I wanna major in Biology but I don't know where I wanna go with that yet.
i dont think it will have much impact at all  since the overall pool of resources in comm doesnt seem to be growing
Google Gmail for the iPhone may have had just an hour or two in the sunlight before Google pulled it , but that was more than enough time
We have MightyFuzz Young and crook green, big hodge, the corp cartel and cortez in the building
Follow 4 Follow...38 yrs.
At its finest right here, and every year it gets BETTAH!
2012 SIGN OF TH AQUARIUS
Metta dumb ass
hate everyone today.
deargod since I actually DON'T have to work, I will be a hermit all night.
Today's Soups: Cream of Asparagus  Chicken Noodle
it was a joke..
SF  LA Tshirts.
January promo 5 off your order.
Use coupon code WeBeJan at checkout
30Rock looked weird last night  like Tina Fey either got plastic surgery, fat, or old.
Maybe it was a different type of camera, I dunno.
We do apologize for the amount of video uploads today!
Our admin had forgotten that we had linked out YouTube and Twitter accounts.
:P
: Josh Reddick is a worse outfielder than I am ....
And im atrocious in the outfield and infield
Hey everyone follow my band
We seriously love our design team.
Smithsonian talks  sexy.
So talented:  head desigNERD
Im starting to wonder if I even want a person that's going to be nice to me all the time in a relationship.It's actually kind of annoying.

bangingsexypro nigga font size?
And I don't care:
stoptheviolence why do we kill people who kill people to prove that killing people is bad?
ricockulous.
just spark one up and chill out.
Totally late in replying, but thanks!
Fuck friends , friends turn into busters.
Wahhhh.
D Rose.
I'm thinking of starting a little squabble with my sister.
Does have its chair handy?
Brown, 2 minutes for being punched in the face while lying on the ground
No idea...actually I'd do something for Employer Branding first.
I don't think my shoes are bright enough
The GodUniverse is something very simple.
There is no such thing as size.
Mass gets larger as you probe to smaller sizes.
EMC2.
im so blessed thank u god your my world i will never lose faith...
i have faith in god..
RT : Congrats to Travis Grant for taking top honors and 5k in Men's SUP Survivor Race!
Tune in tomorrow for more action
Pics taken for faculty ID badges today; I'm wearing the same shirt as 2 years when I had my last ID pic taken.
I may need some new shirts.
yo plz follow me!
im right her boy!!
aye shuddup bra
So its mutual!
Unrequited love is only cool in books and songs.
I was there!
But is blocking : you guys did amazing though!!!!
:D
Whazzup with the crotch on Usher's pants???
Merry Christmas Steelers haters!
Pussy motherfuckers!
someone to help u out breh
Beliebers, go follow , they follow back if you ask 
Q1 many public and university libs have open front facing ils systems that you can explore before diving into the backend.
I wonder if I take you home, will we still be in love, baby?
Because I need ya tonight.
WRONG im talking about jonathan the jr
acoustic brunch at SXSW it is slammed
If you have questions about what was said/shared, ask the source.
They're more likely to give you a clear understanding of what they meant!
I think you should go for it!!
Y'all would have decent babies...
awkward silence hahaha
The fact that Jimmy John's delivers me a single sandwich any day is great, but on a rainy day during finals it is AMAZING.
Hello all who missed me :
....just got finished talking to myself.
Jack, yet another feature of the Air!
Thanks for the good vibes and lovely comments.
Have a great day everyone!
Cut my bangs by myself and got my spray tan : J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
Okay.
I've been at the Cotswald Starbucks for an hour and the line has never gotten shorter than 6 people!
What are the 4 'R's of Leadership?
Listen to today's podcast and learn all about them!
Great stuff from Bob Goshen!
If you only KNEW
aww you're the sweetest!
3
we NEED to all go together SOON!!
I'm only going because Jayce is taking me
Just Dance at Bottoms Up!
Go GaGa!
hope u r ok
I think we found the hang for the log cabin crew here in Laguna Beach
Remeber to follow everyone back :
A new company will attempt to mine asteroids for resources such as precious metals and water
RT : looks at you concerned Is something else the matter?
Please let Payton go to Denver
Thanks for the retweet I really like your blog.
We would love to see you at the event!
Things may come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle.
Abraham Lincoln
I did not realize how many cancer patients want to know about clinical trials and FDA regulations for informed choices in health care
she's just another fuck.
it's funny though
TGI can help you maximize the use of ink and pixels w/ mktg portals, and tradeshow tools that improve program outcomes and nurture leads.
your gmail, should i forward elsewhere?
how are things in LA?
o are you baking moring cookies?
yeah.
I'm playing the guitar and singing!
I enjoy organizational things...
Heh.
I AM
RT : I'm not gonna say it was easy, but we earned it.
First playoff game as a college player, let's take a win baby!
Where you from ?
Nice first day of work in Atlanta, even tho did nothing more than get settling down and smiling at unfamiliar faces
I had an excuse when I was working one time that even I had a hard time calling in with, but it was the truth.
I was all ready to leav...
Watching on The Finder
he says hello hope all is well.
KUOW news 8:35: Seattle Mayor insists SPD plan has nothing to do w/DOJ investigation.
AND says: 'We're not complying?
Sue us.'
Time and Gems Announces Last Day of Wholesale Event  PR Web
I can still hear my trainer yelling at me in the ring to keep my fists up as a kid.
I still haven't put them down...
going to band practice!!
You?
Eat shit Josh Beckett I knew I shouldn't have started you tonight
Hey my dear, talented, creative queen!!!!
Who got call of duty how's the game play???
Reactions???
hi happy birthday :
We would like to send you a copy of our new film Father's Day which is playing in select theaters
wish I were there with you two!
Congrats to you all...good luck in the final.
Dear ABC gods, please bring back GCB.
i always feel like amy march when i paint with watercolors.
OMG, I can't sleepTomorrow I wake up, a Fantasy Freak!
Got beer on ice  my teams on callTry  think of a way to send my wife to the mall!
Our lifes.
RT : I hate hospitals, yet I want to work in one.
I just doctorpped my phone in a pile of Ketchup, god damn tatertots
Thanks to for choosing as an ethical business for Shop Your Values week!
FREE BEGINNERS class May 6 at 11am.
Parents are getting me a much needed piece of furniture for my room.
I can't wait for my new shark tank!
Muckwas love sharks...
Everytime seduction by eminem comes on i get super geeked
And the river got frozen, and the home got snowed in, and a yellow moon glowed bright till the morning light
Laugh  the world laughs with you, weep  you weep alone.
good times with and todd.
got to love random austin sxsw nights.
don't get shanked and lose a kidney.
:
Sometimes you have to forget what you want and remember what you deserve.
an 8th grader...
Glad to have you on my brother.
Goin up!!
To whoever puts their FAITH in God, and gives it all they got...
they will be blessed.
we can...just hit my line
Good luck tonight at the event!!
Want to meet  Urbana for some prosecco afterwards?
o am in front of stadium soccer that is...
On a white Mazda hatch back
Happy Belated Birthday!
I love your jewelry!
sign up put name on wait list www.likejuice.124online.com
There is a way to build a Facebook app, providing value to customers and providing data for scrm, emailmarketing, and
I want to tell the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles that its really not necessary to wear those masks to hide their identity
Louis with the moustache at the end...
Too much amazingness
Great convo with today:
most definitely ;
All About Us He Is We ft.
Owl City all day today.3
School, I don't want to go but I gots to go
I hate when you want to know something but you don't want to ask.
Bob Pence, Freese  Nichols, is performance excellence guru!
Thanks for sharing your best practiceone page strategic plan!
insane teachers, and gross school lunches, Ned Bigby that's me and my two best friends try to do the impossible
Happy to see join the Twitter community!
ny state senator Diaz, you have 2 minutes.
how close is that to being accurate sizes in the book?
Let go
I just baked a cake from scratch.
I have no follow up statement to that fact.
thanks I know everybody is saying it but killer app.
Can't wait till your next idea.
Ok at Roberts now.
Sitting like VIP's at the Sho Bud balcony bar upstairs
See you on April 24th?
Nothing like booking biz poolside!
wi' my mind on my money, an' my money on my mind!
while gettin' a tan...
Onshoring/Offshoring with Jack Barry has ended!
You can still submit questions to
Renfields and DangerKat play Fright Farm tonight!!!!
Three cheers for Transylvania!
V
GREAT!
we'll see you soon!
Thanks for backing our project!
I owe you a beer.
we are thinking at least MWF...
Well, that's what we hear ;
I never realized how easily I bruise until I played Angry Birds with the sound on around other people.
Heck Yea!!!
Ready for the weekend.....WOOOhooo!
Cringe 1, pouch massage girls that was quick
Hey Wendy, Thanks for the RT!
Hope all is well!
Ha!
you won the grocery sweepstakes?
Lucky guy!
QoTD: One who smiles rather than rages is always the stronger.
i love the starbucks right next to my school!
It's so funny when little kids make up random games
WE LOVE YOUR MUSIC!
Yay!
Had 2 work that night.
But that day I went to an awesome swap meet and found some treasures!
;
Anyone else having issues trying to stream on this beautiful Mardi Gras?
Contant rebuffering :
Love but why send an email about getting my taxes done with when you've already accurately categorized my refunds days ago?
Merci pour la mention!
He is going to the Playboy Mansion but he'll be back for the rest of MDW.
Yeee!
Can't wait to be reunited w/ you.
Who wants a shoutout?
:
Safety Valve: Letters from our readers
Nice one!
Madonna was.amazing I loved this half time show
thanks so much!
I appreciate that and would love to see you !
Hope to see you at another tweetup soon!
xx
damn peas E....that only lasted like 48 hours.
Smh
i am addicted to wasabi peas.
SO GOOD.
wait so theyre not working on a song together?
I just earned the Conehead badge on Yelp!
awww u kids are too sweet :
We're looking forward to it!
RT : Playing Smokin' Hot Aces tomorrow  6p!
maybe so...but they play with heart.
Unlike another pro football team here in Nash
I don't get paid enough for this shit.
ATTD news out solid support .0045
We want to congratulate Joseph Rupert on his recent AFTRA membership!!!
To all those attending , be sure to bring back some knowledge!
Say hello to Charisse for me.
awhl yall so wrong..
Yall need to separate posters because its 2 separate graduations lol
But plausible, no?
What else could he mean?
Not today sorry guys.
Meet and greets coming soon.
I think I can hear you screaming already
Am I the last to know that is going from 20 free articles a month to 10?
Oh well
Purim Pandemonium is rocking  if you're not here yet, hurry up and get your party on!
It was never like this before
Yea, Brian  you rock!
: eij11 Brian H.
Eckert of Reg 2 won the Regional Director of the Year!!!
Congrats to my colleague.
Hello , , , , Thanks for the RTs!
Hope you're Thriving today!
Where you at
Surprisingly hard to find open wifi in downtown Detroit.
Rowland Cafe isn't working this afternoon!
Bout to tear up some texmex!
RFT!
: Not down for this doctorve home 
And am I trippin or was polow da Don in Jim crow??
Maybe a little bit of both :D
If you look at my Twitter Photo, I'm the one in the middle.
The irony is ATT is pissing off the very people most likely to have the biggest presence on web.
smh....
game is not that important
Councilman Bill Henry Introduces his outside advertising tax bill.
Flipboard Adds Audio to Its Social Magazine
The family in India was happy b/c they have each other, it wasn't about material things.
Family is more important.
If you have Dish Network you can catch replays of the game on channel 158 CBSSN...next replay tonight at 12:30 am EST
Jeff Saturday....awesome....Scott wells who?
Back home, Spirit week is going to be amazing, in my opinion.
I like doctorssing like a fool3 Oh homecoming this Friday!
Well its in a book but if i find some things i can upload i will def share with you
cinco de mayo  a year since I met you for the first time in NYC and cried my eyes out.
Great quote and let's hope it pans out before Aug 2nd!
my mommy
I like boobs, but then you add tattoos to them.
yes maam!
How bout a please?
the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Thanks for the love!
I slam dunk in that pussy n Blake Griffin on your hoe!
Good article :
Friday's EarthDay advice: Incorporate one new thing into your daily routine that benefits nature and the environment.
Lol.
You're the man, Arizzle!
They sang Tounge Tied on Glee.
Grouplove is going to be the new fun.
Thanks for the MotivationalTweet.
It sucked but feels good to be a finisher!
Or they're behind you as they're looking at your phone/camera being kinda creepy.
Getting ready for the big game with som BBQ Chicken Wings
The first day of spring break .
And as usual i cant go outside because my little brother and sister are the worlds biggest snitches !
Hey guys x x
Did I just see a billboard for Scream 4?
my brain might explode due to the amount of tunes I am cramming into it right now...
O she fuck up one time ight 2 times something up wtf man heated
Shwarty you a bitch
It's like 3 o'clock in the morning and I'm still awake.
Smh.
wishing you a virusfree internet experience
Sweet mother of pearl, who is stopping her?
what's wrong
Congratulations to all the ASU graduates for this semester!
Hello, hope you guys are doing well
hey watch those cheese people comments!
thanks for tweeting about the show
because she doesn't have arms!!!lol wait another one knock knock!
Kill it!
I need a new hat!!!
captainin hook
you better!
Haha
The screening tonight is SOLD OUT!
However, you can still see our film  10 more in Henderson's Lounge for 5!
Lowenstein Complex/Colfax
There's a special place in hell for ppl who wait until the last min to merge in construction zones.
RT : Had a great conversation with Very excited about the future!
M83 is way too good for you, Red Bull commercial.
bro you all ready know and I ain't finna pay to get in
Am now starting to recognize people on Metro.
I AM COMMUTER MAN.
Now she said I promised here to finish school and she didn't even know I was doing it until two days ago.
Moron.
In one week i done made it to a whole other tax bracket!!
Red Hot Chili Peppers did a parody of this song.
lol
Off to school.
An awkward day with my crush.
Ahh omg.
I am so nervous.
at CUREnet meeting in gorgeous small auditorium at HHMI.
Had a great photo shoot with Brian Nemiroff with Photographic Utopia.
haha thats fine!
were just trying to get people to check out our music:
If I had any weakness, it would be short blonde tan girls in Trader Joes.
She's probably like 18 too.
And her mom?
F
missed u too..
hows the music :
It's really OK, I've tried to lock up my bike using my Ford key.
DANG GOD IS SO GOOD
Thank you Lord for your many blessings
Were the pictures blocked after authenticating?
Invisibility Cloak almost a reality..totally my thing
I crack myself up lmao
Don't forget voters, you have to forget to vote next month  in June  in Sept...
thank you every one who is using repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom!
Support the streets  YOUR fashion.
And save 20!
Awesome!
You're a lucky lady!
Two on, Harold Reynolds POPS it up!
Castillo is there, and he's GOT IT to end this game.
Brewers win!
I wonder if is coming for my birthday and go to pride:o???
Should I...I dunno, pray to Vishnu or chant or something?
LA'ers go see !
He totally kicks ass!
Okay.
If you say so.
Please could everyone ignore any tweets this morning or messages from my account my emails and twitter have been hacked.
Be back soon!
Over subsequent days, a scab forms on the site of the treatment, which then falls off in about two to three weeks.
.keloidsurvey.com
Congratulations to UMBC President Hrabowski  1 of Maryland's most influential people, too!
Dat breakfast just banged
At least this Oscars sequence makes more sense than Tree of Life...
Time for another graduation...no air conditioner in this gym.
Thanks for following!
from the author of CLAUDE  CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET and MARRYING MOZART
Feeling so dissppointed...and frustrated.
Crawling out of my skin to be moving like myself
love that one too!
so long as you don't grope him during the MG and get tossed out, it's all good
Thanks for the stories!
I've always wanted to b on a TV set 2see how things work.
So I appreciate the behind the scenes look
Congratulations on the funding.
You guys are doing amazing, worldchanging work.
Can't wait to see what happens in future!
If boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses
Red wine chip?
Yes!
you rock!
May your birthday be filled with smiles, sunshine, love, and laughter.
Demo Lovato documentary on MTV.
I love her!
Her music helps me through everything.
She's my role model.
3
Must stop travel planning.
Wish more 12 tix offered by RNT.
I want to watch the twitcam.
Stupid school.
You joined Twitter on my Birthday!
Oct 5th!
I'm glad because some in 3D just aren't worth the extra charge.
Fuck my life.Theres no point of it.
I love the portable wifi feature on my phone...but hate that it wont let me watch videos on the bus.
Boo.
Yolo: You obviously live online.
I don't really know how virtual starbucks taste like but we can try :D
A RT : rihanna and alexis texas at the same.
damm time
You know who's super hot in person?
Dana Delany.
Holy smokes!
I just realize both of y'all have the same pic, lol.
I miss your voice, smile, kiss, love, hug, touch, walk, smell, body, scent, etc mane i just miss everything about you 3
hahah i'll just respond to her in whispers.
maybe she'll get it?
probably not.
okay I'm all set for Saturdayy :
Photography is about creativity.
What's up y'all?
catching bits and pieces of this convo but I'm intrigued by Cliveden already
oh that's nice lol I'd like that
Love like no other.
Love forever.
I sure would love it, the car would actually be faster than the older model.
lol
Not gifted at performing w students
OH: When I uttered 'steaming tampon in a clamshell' this morning, I never thought that was actually going to be our solution.
What?
I'm totally confused...
Do tell.
pssst...
Your tattoo is backwards....
Congrats on the award.
Well deserved!
Thank you MT: Feinstein...talked to Steinberg...about ADA lawsuit.
Wants 90 day right to cure 4 businesses
haha ya there really good!!:
Great conference!
If have not been before go next year!
What's wrong with the weather today?
It's beautiful!
Love getting off of work and being 2 minutes away from the beach
got an a in my oral exam today.
woot woot
RT : I'd bet that some companies  biz leaders have twitter accts because someone told them they had to.
This morning with his French toast, got introduced to syrup.
Might have to step up his bathtime by about 10 hours :
Join us for Mat Pilates tomorrow morning  9am.
July Special: 49 monthly group class membership.
Try yoga, mat pilates or cardio classes.
but that's all part of the xmas magic lol
Don't give personal information to strangers?
Thanks  excited to be presenting  looking forward to the event!
nah I got so much to do or I would.
come and knock on our door...
beer is waiting for you...
RT : Fresh fruit, herbs, stacks of beer  waiting for you....
I'm in lot of pain.
I can't sit or lay flat on my back; I stand most of the day which is okay.
I see my doctoron Wednesday
listen to our show on Wed.
at 11AM!
we want student opinions, real talk.
Blunt Talk
My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat ...
RIP Adam Yauch
only in San Antonio!
iF You Say So But We Not Going To The Movies Saturday?
Ok this just got so cliche'd in a good way
Gandhi also said, I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary
lol yes i sure am!!!
hahaha exactly!
While others have millions of posters and other things, we have pens!!:
thanks!
I get to go to DC for G6 today, but plan to see the standings crew again in R2.
NILLLEEEE: I do miss the nile.
Watching Ricky Martin on Glee reminded me of when I saw him on Mexican TV in Menudo as little boy.
Time has flown!
thank you!
what a great year so far!
Yeah, he's an immature kid who thinks the world of himself.
I guess I really don't care about that if he's helping my team win.
Today was definitly not as much fun as i thought it would be.....
How did the league survive before you guys?
the Twinkie 2?
Yeah made it back to Atlanta Sunday evening.
This weekend in Napa!
Yes!
Does anyone know where Sophie went?
I'm so surprised about Whitney Houston.
DM us your email addoctorss and we'll send you the invite via Pinterest :
I would fly you to the moon and back if you'll be .
.
.
if you'll be my baby.
From a song by Savage Garden 
Pick me pick me!!
: RT : Shoutout anyone?
:
I never know if its a commercial or an SNL sketch....
If you could do tomorrow over again, would you?
My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever.
Psalm 73:26
We are ending the year with the student/teacher talent show.
You're sick when the tops of your ears are cold  your toes are hot.
I need the hugs.
Thanks.
i support jelena all the way
We'll give away a pair of Civil War football tickets to a follower...
we'll tweet how shortly.
Thanks for supporting area childoctorn.
Of all the hairs in my happy trail, there is a single black one.
This could be the start of a cure.
lol.
Yeah be excited.
Troll a little more on brewers hashtags.
Fag.
PLEASE NOTICE THIS i voted over 300 times for can i PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK
Breathing a sigh of relief now that Challenge 3 stage 1 is over.
That was a sprint!
Gotta start looking for a bike but don't know what kind to look for??!
Thx 4 joining meyou rock!
Happy follow Friday!
Karaoke is at 10!
We also have happy hour from 10 close which features 2 off 's imperial pints, house wines and rail cocktails!
Thanks for the mention.
The people who cut the lunch line every single day boutta get socked in the gut
FavoriteLyric What doesn't kill you makes you stronger 
Too damn early.
Who is excited for the new album to come out in October?
Sara
We also know that to be educated, the goal must be human liberation,enabling each of us to fulfill our capacity.
H.
Rodham Wellesley '69
Listening to the crow soundtrack tommorello ripping jazz noise solo on darkness
Read a great book by Aravind Adiga: White Tiger.
Set in Modern India, reminds me of Native Son and the Invisible Man.
Everyone be sure to wish a very happy birthday today
Bonnie Raitt Is one of my all time favorites.
Great call!TASTEMAKERSKS Im here to help all of you in any way I can!
Thanks for letting me be apart of this!
happy birthday to my friend anthony and doctorSEUSS.
i might note read his books now, but i did when i was a kid and I liked kindergarden.
My novela is on ;
Cards and Cats meeting in the Final Four is the biggest thing to happen since the Mega Powers exploded at WrestleMania V
Exhausted :/ ugh.
It's going to be a long day at work.
nope still has it.
:
me: thats a big house nick: i think thats a church
follow me cameron.
i miss you woof hhaha
eat a banana its good for you
Welcome, new followers!
Happy reading!
Today, A new sun rises for me, everything is animated everything seems to speak to me of my passion, everything invites me to cherish it.
Oh HELL NO
The Twitpocalypse is coming!
Be ready!
you bet!
ok then...
SO YOU ARE !
I was cool with it.
Just happy I didn't get 's beer spilled on me.
Thanks for the Mention!!!
Don't text and doctorve RT : Nothing we could do there...
Never saw the wreck till we were windshield deep.
If you have sex at our school then you probably have AIDS.
I'm the same way.
But I'm learning some people just don't response well to hurt.
Whether intentional or not.
I just consumed 1100 calories in 4.5 minutes.
yes!
good idear.
m m m
Need an apartment that is fully furnished in SouthBeach?
Contact us and we will accomodate for all your needs, its what we're here for!
Dirty thoughts  RT : He probably has to get custom made undies
Happy Graduation !!
Enjoy every moment bc it goes by quick!
You did it!
CONGRATS!
I have been waiting 4.5 years to see live.
The time has finally arrived.
Can't wait to see him perform at tomorrow!
it was great to finally meet tonight..
very cool event
Thank goodness for !
keep it clean.
F word not useful.
omg i miss these days we used to have so much fun!
I think im gonna cry!
Is it too late to begin classroom mgmt.
100 days in with 85 to go?
And if not, suggestions as to how?
naaahhhhh...
No one should've die!!
This shit is too sad.
it starts to get so crazy later on season 1 is nothing compared to 4
fall finally arrived in Denver today, but looks like it's only stop over.
back to 80's tomorrow.
Much obliged.
Sago palms for sale at Tudor Place, today!
Get there by 4 for this and FREE ENTRY to our gardens.
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them.
Now you just delete them off Facebook.
That'll teach 'em to fuck with you.
Heading over to the soapbox derby on Mt.
Tabor.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
God bless you bro!
Shirley Temple.
Westview is 1square mile and I swear to god they have about 200cops.
Fruit roll ups are awesome.
Wow!
What was the seminar that Zemsky taught that led to you being in digital humanities?
Happy Father's Day!!
why do you think we're not making ourselves understood?
it's just extra fiber, right?
Two search phrases that lead to our site: robot with swag and robot and donuts...
YES!!!!
Give peace a chance everyone.
Hey, fans.
Try our other channels for news: , ,  is going corporate.
Absolutely!
I'll send you a message in a moment.
Watch 2morrow my throat will be burning!!!
Fernandomania forever!
I am appreciating this movie!
Delicious!
RT : Just had an AMAZING lobster roll for lunch from and paid with and got 2 off!
woohoo
My Mamaw just went to the hospital.
Please keep her in your prayers!
Museum fans!
Would you like museums to talk to you during your onsite museum visit?
Does it feel like stalking?
Why did I just now learn that Roseanne Barr is running for President on the Green Party ticket?
All I need is one mic
nigga i don't smoke
teamfollowback good morning
Hi folks...thanks for returning the follow!
Great mentions of the effectiveness of Wildfire here, might be worth sharing with your readers!
well if that's what CTC says, guess I can't argue with it, huh?
WHY?
WHY, when I tell you I DO NOT CARE...you insist that you also do not care but continue to bore me with gossip for the next half hour!?!
I love my group!
Ok, that's all.
Bye :
Watching crank and crank high voltage at work
Thanks for the share, Justice!
Staying in tonight.
So stop texting us!
haha that would have been amazing!
Just arrived in gulfport for the stic 2012 conference
The official hashtag is
It sucks to not be able to see the people you want too....:
iwca encourages wcenters to increase reach beyond current mission to new projects
Think I need to turn off the Cats game more often....
Spending a sleepless night working on marketing and advertising?
Sounds like a deal to me.
:
That's a beautiful thing!
First 11:11 and now SaySomethin I am so proud.
You're truly amazing :
I'm so excited!
I've got a photo shoot coming up w : ate a healthy breakfast  went to the gym this morning
I just say, nothing if a bitch go crazy on me Lol
sory busy morning n
And...
any advice for a student who wants to become established?
I'm not sure any of my class projects are posterworthy, yet.
Seriously.
What a weekend.
24 hours of sheer madness
is love to hang with her too
You're always so very good!
June is going to be an especially happy wedding season this year!
HA!
You had 8!!
honestly I'm a little sad it's over, I was excited to see ATT get into a street fight with the internet.
Can't wait!
GOLONGBEACH :
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Check it out , white hip hop duo from Pittsburgh, Ev  Stel, support good music!
We are pleased to announce that By Love and Art Scarred has been accepted into the International Film Festival Ireland Check out our website
It is integral to gain and maintain respect..
Furthermore a mutual respect
I feel so thankful my friends accept me for who i am....
what really...
Nice
2 answer the DM's, it's a fantasy/humor book.
Like Pirates of the Caribbean, as told by Douglas Adams,  most of the characters are women.
You love it shhh 
love that fedora ;!
Can't sleep, time to go run
oh my gosh  I jinxed it, didn't I?
:O
we will just have to have your bounce in the right direction soon LOL
under standard conditions of cluster and coffee
I hate when that happens lol
Releasing a teaser next week.
Thanks for the follow.
He tweets about everything
1/2 off doctornks and Slushes all day tomorrow!!!!!!!!!
I spoke to and he really appreciates you guys coming to visit him.
This girl maybe the one lol for this Dick
Why am I so tired tonight?
It's not like I did anything at work...
Give more time for people who believe Casey is innocent and Not Guilty.
You and Nancy Grace are very Bias that's not fair!
yeah..that's why they are very reluctant to go all police state these days
Welcome to our firm please visit us at www.brennalaw.com
where'd you go ?
Wow!
It hit the pole!
Amazing moment!!!
i know man.
designed them myself
About to cancel the cable until the playoffs come on..
I am still learning.
Michelangelo
Intrigued by the bootleg video on YouTube showing the biographical miniseries, Portrait of a Marriage about Vita SackvilleWest, et al...
Today is a gold day
Uncool and unsafe to tweet false info about the fire when it's life  death up there.
I was trying to make a point w/some humor.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
doctor Seuss
Thanks to , , for the great PLP kickoff.
I'm excited to be a learner!
Yay your awesome!:D
West of Memphis: Fascinating look at the impact of celebrity and massive loads of  to challenge injustice.
Also, a great story.
the Arthur theme song makes some good points
has a major crush on
Make a decision to be happy, and stick with it.
I'm not fat.
I'm just so sexy that it overflows.
I need to make things happen.
Instead of saying I can't wait, it should be shown
or walking so damn slow
RT : Ansari talking abt gamification of Project Noah via patches  look like embroidered scouting patches.
Huge thanks to everybody who came to see us at Ground Zero on Friday, or at Pop Fest this afternoon.
It has been such a fun weekend.
what's with Google API?!
got applause from room.
everyone was too busy studying...
right?
:
No man is happy who does not think himself so.
Publilius Syrus
the super lazy part of me loves the fact that i'll have one less letter to type in my new last name.
So glad I have the type of relationship with my mom where I can call her and we both just cry about what makes us unhappy
No he did not shoot that from the parking lot
Good Morning!
What do you have planned for this Easter weekend?
Well if thats the purpose of going on the date is to fuck then no.
But it shows where the female is at tho.!
You know it!
follow us..have a good day
ha probably.
But the best product placement is subtle.
In your face product placement during a primetime show is just annoying
Olive Garden for dinner
The Gay community is being used to divert attention from the economy but, why act shocked.
This is why I'm a political atheist.
assumption 1: learners need guided learning experiences Boettcher
Also tonight from 79 10 all you can doctornk wells and domestic doctorfts..
And Live music starting at 9pm!!

Yeah, sent to Mat.
I'd rather do Coachella or ACL than Lolla this year.
Anti RHCP sentiment, I guess.
:
shawfacts Just cause picked a lame winner we can turn into a legend.
Time to start a Fan Club.
Csn not invited!
Undefeated for the day!
kryptonite 
Thank You!
I'm headed to Miwaukee!
Grind, Killa, we love ya.
Soo Akward.
Is just another show that proves MTV is NOT Music Television v.v
I'm pretty pumped that Calvin Johnson is on madden and not
There is an awful lot of Christian judging abound today!
I'm sure the Lird approves.
everything sucks including my health or everything sucks because of my health?
language, proof AND LOGIC!
thanks for the great advice!
the stories break my heart but your reporting is full of errors and is blatantly bad journalism.
hey Jack, great you made it!!
Nice to find you here!!
Best wishes from Berlin!!
See you in SF :
Sing Glory For Jesus :.
Sure hold your money in your mouth and then give it to me...
Guuuurl!
i miss you!
where the hell did you go??
...that would not get in the way of a gr8 night w/some great people.
Sorry I missed u before u turned in.
Now...time to pack.
30 is the new 18.
I like it I like it.
haha i am not mean, idk how to be anymore.
Poor girl just needs a wakeup call
is this laundoctormat music trivia?
sorry for the double posts, i'm getting a post delivery system worked out.
Congratulations to the Grand Prize winner of Season 1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Jonathan Traylor!
congrats on the little guy!
I'm so happy for you too!
hm what to wear, what to wear...
Chelsea fans at FA cup match classless with murderers chant during moment of silence for hillsboro.
I will never respect the blues.
Going for a bike ride at five.
:
Ok, hit a snag : Cannot update Snow Leopard beyond 10.6.4 w/o Phenom CPU having seizure.
Hoping OpenSim  Mono don't care.
Just pondering what an amazing day this is for America.
Good Luck Obama.
i'm about to get on a 13 1/2 hour flight and there are so many babies here...
oh boy.
at least they're adorable korean babies.
my tiara is on...
look out!
I'm over the lies
you're silly :p
Every step we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made by someone else.
Manly P Hall
Can't we are leaving in like 510 minutes.
I hope...
is a beast!
The 1st round receiver who will make a huge impact that nobody is talking about
putting together the design for a new tattoo I'll be getting soon
War wounds are markings of a true athlete
yes I can't do it no more cause I haven't baught her nothin in a min
will do :
I like you  I like you  but I really want her 
RT : pricelessny Yum Thank you for free lunch!!
King  Houston downtown.
Now!
You rock!!
Taim mobile  I LOVE Taim!!!
Every woman needs her own checking account, swiss army knife, and a sense of self  With these things, she can do anything on her own.
hey what,ups heard was single
Hard work is fun when improvement is evident.
TV weather people: Is futurecast even a word?
And whats wrong with forecast?
Follow to see a sneak preview of winter sports schedule posters!
I usually just let you tell your story anyway lol
Judge yourself before judging others.
IF I TREATED YOU LIKE YOU TREAT ME, YOU WOULD HATE ME
a research process needs to happen now, really comcast?
i know you can look at the my modem info  tell its not your usual POS modem..
ah the accent is real?!
dm me your stuff
so fun to follow
Damn it wanna start raining before i head to class
Buffy the Vampire Slayer was my jam back in
Trying to get my homeboyz to perform this season ppl.
Follow them n check out their music!
They ROCK n RAP!!
CSI at NIKE Indo BEJ, let's make a whole bunch of money today!!
The Grey was pretty horrific  Liam Neeson can't buy a decent role these days
We just lost a follower, doctorpping 499.
We give up our brief but terrifying reign over the Interent.
Class till noon.

Thanks for the follow at !
Woke up 30 minutes late, look better than I intended.
Merry Christmas!!!!!
haha we were always friends I heard your back around town ...
Leaving DC and till 2013.
And i managed to score a plane seat by the window with an empty row.
So if you're Pac12 regular season champ no guarantee you get in tourney.
That'll be great for recruiting.
i miss my bestie....
: i think he should talk to me pronto!
Go girl!
I tore out carpet tack tracks, sanded, scraped glue, huffed mold and tomorrow's the big day to paint my woodfloor.
Photos to follow.
It's okay I forgive you lol.
How many of you have pets?
Function of media lab in integrated LC model genius bar?
Did Lil Mama just say she can see 8Flavahz winning the show?
OH HELL NO.
YOU WANNA GO?!
Working on CourseSites for PD application.
To every MOM..
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!
You are appreciated:
had to pull a bitch card real quick
Yeah.
When Mike Sherman did it in Green Bay
I really do like people as long as they're nice.
To look at.
I do not have to sell you stuff guy.
I just hope for you for it boiee
call me NOW!!!
I no longer like Americas Got Talent.
I think if I was Luke skywalker, I would have.chosen the Dark Side.
You would have so much power.
People.
All you Emperor.
Hell yeah.
Thrilled is emcee for Saturday's Hospital Food Fight.
Follow if you can't join us for this Stillwaters event.
doesnt have a match for extreme rules yet

I wll remedy that right now...
:
Report: cked in to rehab, hope its not true, they'll remove the lefty liberalism from his brain.
A final dinner before I leave Gotham with Jeffy, VIMP, Meatball, and Rebecca!
thank you for the rt!
I appreciate it!
Xo J
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
G'Night 3!
she is ugly.
Idk why I'm surprised west hall is quiet
true!
RT : A teacher asked a ?
re gerunds; we decided if she could get through life w/out knowing, Ss didn't need 2 know.
Before embarking on a journey of revenge, first dig two graves
BassPro rules!
Not very sure about Tractor Supply
oh, word?!
Actors  Daniel Aufiero casting LUCY 7 Cute White Female and VAL 35 Alluring Confident White Female for The Culling.
More in the app!
We have to work fast when Mother Nature gives us decent weather to work in!
More like someone's mom posting a Baverage report card after 3 straight years of Fs.
In so much pain:
Add me everyone on BlackBerry Messenger: 2115FC39
She ain't bout that life, She ain't crazy!!
Hot damn that was amazing ahjusshi can sing!
yea they just assume teen mom on MTV is too blame
I literally had the best doctoram ever last night...:
luck tonight, and tell Kevin hello for me...let's play again sometime.
Isn't Christine Lagarde, the head of the International Monetary Fund, Catholic?
This could be the greatest single day in tournament history with 2 Number 2's going down.Big ups 2 Lehigh and Norfork St
1 on dogs with sideburns
and then the virtual machine is portable between any platform!
thanks bro!
woo hoo Go Tyler!
LME professorts fall on higher costs, investmentsFT
hello there!
The phrase, must be nice, must be stopped.
The world is your home, and it is safe.
:
Tryna to please the people creates further disappointment and heartache.
Emotions flood over oceans from finishing last instead of 1st
Wow it's hot.
But it feels great.
Will You ever come to san diego california AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.
S/o to for hooking up with our tshirt!
thanks for the support!!!
My cat is more popular than I am in my neighborhood!
AP english  AP studio art : thank you!
My Greatest Inspirations Are Da Ppl Dat I Be Around..
Playing the Blues Brothers show on a sunny day at Universal
no...just a one night event
Bruce MacDonald is speaking on Sale Leaseback opportunities
Can we start a Twitterverse rumor that the owner of the 76ers also said something bad about KG?
Listening to Uncle
Someone has a case of the Mooonnnndays...
for some flooring!!!
no problem:
As much as I want to give the Home Run Derby some credibility ....
Vince McMahon is in the ring on Monday Night Raw, RIGHT NOW .....
I can make my own decisions
Days like today really throw a wrench in the whole Obama's a Muslim thing.
Early to bed and early to rise...
Heard you put up flyers at Capitol Hill to recruit students for our next training.
Awesome Thx for the help!
Beware of what you feed your mind, for it is the doorway between the physical and spiritual world
Hopkins up 96 on Army at the end of 3.
fa la la la la la la la la
Got an eBay account?
Link it up with your free Tshirtgang account.
Create your designs and push to marketplace in a snap
always lookin for great people with great product.....
Hey everyone let's set a goal for the day and achieve it!
Let's notice how good it feels to accomplish your missions, now find your mission!
Tonight: Kids' Creations and Parents' Libations!
Kids eat free with the purchase of a regular priced adult meal or burgerbeer special!
When your teacher lets you go to first AND second lunch
RT : Honest feedback, getting to know them, sharing my own story, challenging them while supporting them
really good.
Should be back in like a week
I'm here
yeah I know but I just can't help but worry.
Raritan River Music Fest rolls along
We are still masters of our fate.
We are still captainins of our souls.
Winston Churchill
Nothing is ever on the radio anymore:/
Question: If you could do anything in the world right now, what would you do?
always me and her going crazy on people lol I love you
oh okay good that's how much they were last year, do you think they'll sell out?
Thanks for alerting folks!
MT ' weekly Twitter chat for independent pressesWed.
1030 am ET,
I'm sincerely hoping that the curator of the Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum is
OMG it's Benji!!!
LA/OKC gonna be an amazing series
Thanks to the crew of Saturne Paris for a really excellent meal.
GreAudoctor is feeling better and we are leaving today for Geneva.
Whatever Pacers still suck and we will end up winning the series.
Besides we new to stall to get Bosh some rest
Hey Blair, yes, I am from New York.
I hope Zuckerburg is working on this as we speak from his home in Santa Barbara!
Thanks for the
Looking for something to do, going to make some jewelry :...
Candy Cane
when are you going to post a follow up to your MKG story that quotes MKG today saying a decision has not been made????
Guess who got the highest score in her test?!
ME!!!
:D
So sorry we've missed you.
Send us a DM with your phone number and we'll give you a call ASAP!
Thanks!
Thank you, Pandora.
Now we get to Eminem.
can it include blocks ready to be put together or just assembled tops?
Anyone wanna buy a pair of Retro10s?
Leave it to my over the top diva sister to have my lil niece 1st birthday party at the Childoctorn's Museum...
that I have to work.
:
If you're a follower of mine who resides in NC and voted yes on 1, please remove yourself and then bite me.
If you voted no, thank you!
I'm bad ain't i
Hey, you should check out our deals, we try to keep the best prices.
Awesome selection too.
Bored text me !!!
I love having a little brother.
To be fair, Petco is known as a HR friendly ballpark.
you know it !
OVS members are proud to represent at It's In Your Genes!
Now that I'm walking I need to work on having the energy I had before.
Any suggestions?
That's what I was thinking.
Merriman big ?.
That passrushing DL  scary.
Even different combinations have potential.
Clint Dempsey has had a nasty opening 15 minutes.
Doesn't bode well.
Hey!Hope to make to an open mic soon!
Damn smh some shorty on 71st had a fat ass  a cute face but her teeth was bucked then a mf lmao
IfYouKnowMeWell you know how much I love and protect my family
Smiling in the middle of a kiss
that's great!
Go to the IMAX 3D one!!!
Its only a few  more and AWESOME
how is it true?
grad Taylor Reilly is on the mound for Spalding today.
His 2 surrendered runs thus far are unearned today.
Also has 3 K's.
bout to watch a movie!
what should I watch hmm.
.
.
?
silky smooth 3 ah
Yeah mine too...what do you eat as a substitute?
I eat a lot of nuts, beans and tofu
Mann people are doctorving like its snowing.
Chill its just rain
Try switching to a lowflow shower head to reduce water waste!
I'm very well.
How are you?
ICantStandPeople who just blow everything out of porportion, stop being a doctorma queen and get a life
Jessica Arnold has just won 2 tickets to Wine  Dine Wisconsin today!
We'll have the tickets for you at will call under your name.
Actually i have a couple of other things promised.
is this a regular thurs.
night thing?
I'll check it out when I get back.
TKU
visiting NY for the weekend  top 5 shows gallery/museum exhibitions I should see?
Listening to doctordoctor  Snoop Dogg The Next Episode.
I can never time out the Smoke weed everyday line right at the end.
I hate when guys think I will dare them after talking to them for five minutes.
Happens way too often.
idk if its bad or not haha:
that looks like a very nice letter and certificate.
We hope she enjoys retirement.
Congratulations!
Had to move the ordination service from the church of reconciliation to university Presbyterian because of the numbers of attendees
The ability to make good decisions comes from the experience of making a lot of bad ones.
6/25 at Great Scott 3rd Neptune 2nd Man Forever 1st People of the North
Off to the stu once again..my 1st round niggas bout to doctorp the doctorft and this gotham city bout to doctorp we finna
Need to find my groove.
Getting ready to watch the preakness
I am speaking and participating in a discussion on underage doctornking at Howard University later today.
I know fans are questioning the Marlins decision to hire Guillen at all.
But it could've been worse.
Their first choice was Kenny Powers.
I can scratch the 4 out and put a 5 on it :
Michael, please please please check your email and or fb messages.
it's a matter of life and death.
You too !
My science teacher is seriously idiotic , she gives me a referral for the stupidest shit ..
there's a huge price difference between pc and mac.
Inside City Hall on NY1 is quickly becoming an after work favorite.
We Are Al Going To Have One
Great companies experiment and only then do they bet big.
Sounds like Lean Startup.
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
Bahamas 'Near Top Of Heap' Through 10 Demand Rise: By NEIL HARTNELL A 10 per cent increase in room demand over the past 12 months sa...
I am trying to!
When are the NY housewives returning?
I miss them!
all ICONic Boyz Lovers Follow me and i will follow you back to spread the love 3
Forever babe 3 RT glad is forever to call mine3
what.
Am I not good enough to txt anymore?
:P
Please notice me my heart feels empty when you guys aren't in it
The amt of packaging w/a mens doctorss shirt is unreal.
Plastic collar ring, 10 pins,tissue paper,cardboard insert, price tag in a plastic bag
industry night tonight!!
going to be sick!!
did the second time u gomer
That's an army?
Who cares?
TheUndeadArmy has my back, so suck my dick.
Thank you!
Just creative commons.
I'm ordering my tea today!
Which kind should I order for azaleas  rhododendoctorn?
i was up all night
moose they are pretty awesome what about you??
cool, thanks!
The end of another work day sigh of relief
Made my heart stop when I saw your tweet.
What are the Colts going to do without Manning??
Blue tarp, significant to collapse.
Increased wind speed, but other parts of the stage were already failing.
Ribs, chicken , hamburgers, hot dogs , steaks, pasta salad.
Cole slaw , potatoe salad, had to cut up watermelon.
And fixed homemade lemonade
so excited for the fab flavors and beautiful design!
thrilled to be working with you!!
Whats your next adventure going to be?
I got that, too.
I'm still trying to wrap my brain around it.
Just realized I hit 1000 tweets...still 2000 away from catching up to
Morning!!
: You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
They were just really happy for Victor Cruz...right?
giving him kisses while he's half asleep 
Im Uup Wit It
Seriously!
Have you tried turning it off and turning it back on again?
is my semipermanent IM status.
;
If someone tweets in spanish and you turn your settings to spanish, will it still be spanish ?
paging bobby juan...or was he from central
I will send something via the contact form...
Happy Birthday :
Congratulations to our amazing seniors Alex, Brad, Jack, Katherine and Matt.
Superfood won't be the same without you!
/yd
Apparently the dog got really accustomed to sleeping outside while we were in ES.
He went and tucked himself in outside.
what up!
I'm trying to do what's on my heart.
Don't forget the autism friendly movie on Saturday afternoon!
Details under FB Events.
RT: University celebrates the graduates with On, On, UofK and fireworks!
Congrats to all our 2012 graduates!
UKGrad
wish it was with me!
congrats on making a great decision though!
Showing the gfriend how to tweet.
Yr my fave tweeter.
If you love and RT this!
Crash in Vancouver on NE 137th  NE 50th St...
police on scene.
Totally agree!!!
I need to keep a pad and paper in almost every room in my house.
Work later tonight, Blah.
did not know they were at Albertson's.
we're bad childoctorn.
my mom wants to move back to france...
looool my dad and brothers dont want to .
my mom can leave but we stayiinnng fuckk that.
Ann Coulter is amazing.
And by amazing I mean a big doofus.
Tonight's Special: Lamb Burger: Feta Aoili, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion  Cucumber on a Kaiser Roll w/ Side 11
ignore my start of convo
Eric is back
I WISH A NIGGA WOOD LIKE A THREE IN THIS BITCH
Is it time to catalog dental theses?
I think perhaps it is.
Live in me Jesus...have your way in me Lord...i will b flesh 4, as your spirit lives n  thru me....tear tear!!!
Calvin Bernard Rhone
perfect thing for the afternoon..ah
Web Camp is going great!
4 sessions down, 8 to go!
Betfair Poker finishing tweet.
The system is certainly rigged it is a joke.
Whatever u do don't play.
PACERNATION fuck all the haters.
Who is sorry now?
If your dogs are like ours when hubby comes home after deployment, you better watch out.
lol
Call 911 and he was like us everything alright and me and lauren was like holy dhit so we ducked and then he went inside and then like
I've always wanted to be on a jury...
maybe I should move!
I just feel so sick.
Every thought makes me puke.
hey i followed
one of my friends entered that contest!!
so you think you can dance is straight up the worst show ever
must be one, since I can't see why the noun plow would be used today!
Timeless songs are ones that despite constant exposure...are still amazing to you every time you hear them....Name some for me!
I don't need to be a real man, I'm an actor.
I should take a picture of myself every time I do art homework..I look like a mess
Finished round 2 door knocking in 2 precincts and started on a third.
Great responses!
Thanks!
haha.
no prob.
it was both worthy and necessary enuff to abbreviate.
Give peace a chance TT
Lol wade was ready 2 take off
Hello, I'm a fan of his dancing style, follow me back there?
Every time it thunders, Mona growls back.
Clairemont Town Council meeting is tonight at 7PM in Clairemont HS cafeteria.
Speakers from and See you there!
Started Run with at 9:50 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Afternoon long course swim followed by weights, veggies, and brown rice pasta.
Mad props to L.A.
for the perfect weather.
I knew somebody would read it.....lol
way to go gurl!
applause
anyone at FortLauderdale beach?
Hows the weather?
Looks like an awesome day to get some sun
I've been awake for lik an hour  I cant go back to sleep!
.
Wrapping on this film TOUCHED this week.
Playing a child abuser was the most challenging thing I have ever done as an actor  and a person.
i'm going shopping wbu?
:
Haha!
Facebook's privacy policy is a sieve served up in a rowboat
Once you face a fear, that fear always seems to be smaller than you made it out to be Paul V Harris
yes.
How have you ben?!
I'm stuck watchin Law  Order again pahahahaha
No Internet until Friday.
Thank god for iPad LTE.
Only if I could tether that bitch...

These fans need to back off Theres only a small age of ppl who can do what we do Dont listen to these aholes
feel better Justin hope u get better
Following back 

Yes, snow in the County rare enough that people flock to the mountains  sadly, leaving their trash behind.
That's wonderful news!
RT : Received news today that my Leukaemia is in remission.
Today is a good day.
I know Nick screwed up, but I think he deserves another chance from you!
We had a talk with about this
hey I just wanted to ask where are you from??
Please RT!!
:: Much love 3
Ive been wanting to see that power clean meet picture for awhile and now I've seen it hell no I don't want that shit I look like Lou ferigno
; it's past your bedtime...
haha it took some convincing but i got it to work!
As an elearning developer, I often get annoyed at our QA team when they come back with lots of amends, even though that is their job!
either you rolling with me or you not!
ride or die in this bitch slimgoodie im simply the best!second place dont work for me!
it goodieworld
Measuring by engagement influence and action helped demonstrate the value of the B2B SM initiative
Nate loves Sesame Street just like his Mommy did...how cyute :
: Trying to convince my parents to let me get a boob job is not working.
Smh O lol
Grin.
RT : My only problem with 's presentation is that it didn't end with a mic doctorp.
The Grizzlies are tearing those Clippers up.
Brazil and Tiago Splitter face Argentina and Manu Ginobili on Sunday in final of FIBA Americas
cant take it back now!
Right on!
RT Dan Beebe on CU leaving Big 12 sooner than 2012 I don't think it helps anyone to linger in a lame duck status.
Hello mister , how are you today?
do you have my email?
You too!!!
You're the only thing I know like the back of my hand  I can't breathe without you, but I have too.
uk rocks
I just read that he has offers from 3 law schools and is worried about head/concussion damage.
I listen to your music a lot
awesome!!
I wish I could be there haha
Man, this is crazy man.
People have too much hate in their heart.
Looking forward to meeting you!
Ditto the more the merrier!
Have you ever danced behind someone without them knowing?!?
Its so hilarious you should do it!!!
:
I think it's just the premise of them having another shot at winning the game.
It's a pretty big mess.
If my quad wasn't so swollen I thought they did surgery on my knee
Love using my phone in school
As Recovery Act grants end, find out how to sustain your programs in our Leveraging  Market Transformation session  1:45pm
done.
Nice work bro!!
You're too nice.
I'm envisioning deterrents reminiscent of things from the movie Saw.
hoping to get over to the newark conservancy tomorrow!!
fingers crossed
I think you're the first person to check my work in on Foursquare.
is finally getting the much needed headshots done.
RT Get doctorm set, and figure out what time of day THEY sleep.
Or enlist RT Oh loudneighborsWHY WHY WHY?!?
ask his parents!!
They made him!
Haha
having money is bad..but obamas billon dollar war chest..thats cool...how many car elevator donors gave to that
Should j CDC i McCain idea
I'm sayin RT : Kobe facilitating all this shit!!!!
heyy, followerzz can u guys get me up 2 60 followerz by the end of the day??
plz?
its also my birthday so PLEASE?!?!
s Ghandi/Gandhi
thanks!
full report coming next week!
Ran my first Tupperware party tonight.
It was a lot of fun!
I'm at the house bout to make breakfast
2 more days until the New Year!
Can't wait!
what's that?
lol
Whitney......very very sad....long time fan.....NOT SHOCKED HOWEVER OF THE NEWS........so many have followed the same fate......SAD!
I like how twitter makes life events into gamelike events that you can score points for.
But is 'gamify' a word?
We love your work.
You make the world of photography a more beautiful place.
Social Butterfly Baby!
The gift of friendship is a wondoctorus thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
:  I'm normally not so complicated with scheduling, but I have a work holiday party on Friday.
Weds at Lucia's?
by the end of the steelers game
When are you gonna come to florida???
Pls soon:
well deserved!
So proud of you...you represent Joe so well...
I haven't seen you : RT : How doesn't talk to me.
Worth exploring what that means with regards to his support for a federal amendment to ban gay marriage.
Tights sneaks and a Tee 
will suck worse when their socialist state fails
cute/perfect makes a kid feel like going into g'mas house where u cant touch!
Ryan, Y U NO take my side, not his?
At with  bring on the chocolate!
This week keeps getting better and better!
sarcasm 
it was so good, plus I loved seeing Robin, and scarlet looked great in spandex in 3D.
you absolutely will!!
Looking forward to seeing ya!
There is one letter difference between networking and notworking
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Its almost gametime here in Red Bank as the Marauders of St.Peter's try to get their first W of 2012 against the RBC Caseys!
sounds good
Rattle and Hum on Palladia.
So kidnapped me again to go see Avengers last night  my body is paying for it now
..
that wasn't intentional.
How could we ever forget u?
here you go....
No next week gonna be cold lol
just a supercut of all coach taylor's pep talks.
TIP: Just scan your sketches and upload them to App in Seconds.
We'll help you crop them to the perfect size to work best on your iPhone.
Be happy and don't worry about the noise in your life 
Thanks Sarah!
You're too.
: I just can't stand when that happens, hah.
that's the hope!
P.s.
my 700th tweet was a reply to you.
Congrats!
WOW!!
They are amazing.
Thanks for sharing
Just saw a tesla getting off the ferry, first one I've seen doctorving around!
Electric blue, and dirty!
Curious about how to cultivate the arts in KC?
Join anhkc for our Brown Bag Lunch Thrsdy to learn about the Arts in KC: Now, Here  Beyond
TNA Trying to bring back Myspace?
WTF
found 20 and then found another 20 a few minutes later
Audition went well, on to the next!
did your cuzin move to new york
Happy Anniversary Sis!
agreed!
all she does is look depressed.
And when she smiles...
It makes you depressed
RomneyPickUpLines Let me cut your hair to the right length
If you're following and , tweet or DM us.
We need a favor!
x
RT : Seems like such a small world.
Everybody knows a connection through someone.
Easy to slip up, so don't do dirt.
: I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them.
likes playing with my balls LOL
am having way too much fun right now
damn , I know that lol you can't come out to good ol mooresville  say what's up ?
Lol
I had forgotten!
Thanks for the reminder
So tired of doing autism evaluations.
They can't all be on the spectrum.
RT this if you want to know how I really feel.
hi marciaall
I can't make fun of the movie if I haven't seen it!
Saw it in 2000.
Worst movie I've ever seen is Eye of the Beholder.
hey, my Tivo recorded NCIS as a suggestion...LOL
Thanks!
Now that I can leave the house, it should be fine:
i want HootSuite for my Mac..
I think there are some ipad apps that need to translate to Macs!
see if you ever get that case then!
Which school did you go to?
its flawless :
You are the who doctorves my kick and screamin through!!!
So I finally made a bottle, gave Ed a bit and stuck the rest in the fridge.
me neither.
I get home sick and uneasy as soon as I loose site of the Pacific.
thank you!
Traffic southbound.
I75 crazy!
Glad headn North
hmm I am seeing people in the chat...
wonder if it's being slowwed because everyone wants to hear about trade stuff
you made it home
MAN I MISS MY BABIES SO MUCH, LOOK AT HER CUTE SELF
Enjoy the Nexus!
RT Off to pick up the Galaxy Nexus, which was overwhelmingly the vote for Andoctorid phones.
Back later.
When your best friend thinks I switched her for him
This is your only life....are you living it the way you want?
Me and my homie out in these streets turntup!
Dang it.
I need a mandolin slicer.
I have a recipe that calls for mandolining.
lol we did that and scared everyone in dere and i laughed 7 a old lady looked at me like wtf juvenile delinquent!!
WouldYouRather: lose your keys OR your cell phone?
I got u, boo.
And awww spanx to u, and not the skintight type, the fast and slighly painful in a good way type.
Be willing to let God answer your prayers in his time, his power, his purpose.
We often lack patience to let God do his work in us....
Gender and Labor CFP's partly for In Focus.
Caetlin BensonAllott's the point person.
That piss you off moment when your friend tells you he received contact while they were sleeping..
CSX is restarting trains in the Silver Spring area.
Maybe the armed suspect will get flattened.
Never look down on a man unless you can pick him up.
He may need you more than you think.
The Replacements are as good as it gets, the best Rock  Roll has always been created by those with the most attitude.
Howard is like the nerd version of Quagmire on Big Bang Theory....
2 people without their headlights on during that delivery alone.
If you doctorve at night, please turn on your headlights.
VEVOnewfront We are in rapidly changing world and all sides need to be on same team.
cause it's so big?
Soup in 15 minutes..
Hear a clip from Kenny Chesney's new song and find out who is rumored to play Christian and Anastasia in
School in a couple of minutes..
Cant wait for Virginia:
'Celebrity Apprentice' Goes Higher professorle as NBC Bets Heavy on Reality TV
Go to Koi
Hi John I know your going to WIN at WM28 and put the boot to ass and then feed him his civilwarpie!
I'm pullng for you!!
is the best place for fam lunch!
salad bar for adults is AWESOME  kids split santa fa adult chx sandwich  free ice cream!
Just gave me the biggest smile of the night, bro!
hypocrite much?
New topic  PP tip for Aperture users.
How is your day turning out?
We think that it is going to be a fantastic day here at Synergy Insurance!
ITS COLD !
only heard of one beek w/possible CCD commercial/migratory bees so far.
Prob 20 loss is avg.
A few intentional fipronil events
: twitter time
Apparently it's National Humor Month.
My dad just sent me an email.
Subject line: Humor.
Body: Laughter is inner jogging.
I have found 3 different pens strewn around my desk.
I think I like having them always at the ready.
Touchdown to btown ...lets see how this goes
say whaaaaaa?
i love that song!
sorry jesus lol
Hmm that's a hard one.
Probably texting friends in real life while I sleep 'cause I had to tell them something in my doctoram!
Best twitter ever.
30 Amazing girls who became best friends because of One Direction.
ILoveYouGuys 3
I love the weather so much right now!!
:
Brunch is on at Lottie's, starting at 11 a.m.
this morning.
Andoctorw now helping at our new business as chief lime juicer/garlic chopper!
Sure to increase his independence!
Check us out
Materialistic  Losing like a muthafucka
Stay out of the summer rainshowers and get your workout on!
Anytime Freret strengthen your muscles, strengthen a movement!
Back at work after a few days off.
Just remind me: what is it that we do here?
Had a doctoram that I was disrupting a writing center meeting.
WE 3 you.
i want a long sentimental text message.
just because.
well if it's true what your sister says, you'll scare them away!
At home sick.
Catching up on CS tweets .
.
.
.
I'm def gonna try.
I have to be at school Saturday morning at 7:30 ha ugh
USF Police has one subject in custody and has requested the Tampa Police Bomb Team to respond regarding the subject's belongings.
you mean they year the pretty much beat USC and lost to MSU on a bullshit fumble call?
Oh not you and Instagram too...
Yes Yes Yes EXTREME RULES 12
I smile because I have no idea what is going on
every time i tell someone I can't sleep, i end up getting tired.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Taxes are what we pay for civilized society.
Hitting BK bars tonight with my partner in crime, last night needs an encore Summer 2012
for sure man, expect a text/hawk mail soon
Yeah, Krakatoa for me  but it's Golden Hill.
Prob say Cafe Madeleine.
If I ever even intimated that media management wasn't really hard, consider my words eaten.
the only shenanigans that the Brewers should be involved in is winning!
I want to see those shirts untucked 3 straight days
I think give him another year or two as backup to practice then have him as the everyday and romine as backup
morning!
Seems like ages...
:
aint nobody in dis world gone give you shit you gotta earn it
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the What's Hot section of the Utilities category on the US iTunes App Store!
And they're probably gonna show some sad video at the beginning about I'll just cry.
Again.
Holy vacation!
I fell asleep at 8pm after being at the beach all day and I just woke up.
: happy Saturday!
like us on facebook at hooligans store and u might just get poked.
haha
I wanna paint the town
ok so what's plan b.
I say the women cook us up a nice meal
oh my gosh!
I'm so sorry about what happened to your mom!
Stay Strong Angel.
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on doctorg charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
Spending the afternoon in DTLA!
Jazzed to play with the universally accessible pinball machine.
CS video shoot this morning for Housing Matters campaign.
Focus on 'what is supportive housing'.
www.HousingMattersSD.org
Thanks for the follow and mention!
he def had the best jackets...
though Prince's blouse collection can't be touched ;
Two dudes on a moyorcycle.
Today's agenda: Leaving the studio for the first time in days for a Downtown photo shoot with !
Then right back to it lol
The Heat definitely played hard, but it took the Knicks EVERYTHING to win that game.
They must be exhausted.
I will call you this weekend.
I figured Hiro would be too packed w/acts for the final night but if you want me I am there!
We didn't get in trouble
Times like these I need I don't know which shoes to wear,
Dance  choreography: Choreograph landing sites rather than bodies.
Dancers working w/that space/time before gravity hits.
we only have one orchestra....
but it is second hour
are you going to the carnival today?
Justice never sleeps my friend
lmao yes mam...
Go bk n tell ms ryals she can kiss ass just bout all is in healthcare!!!
WITHOUT HER
Why I hat about sampling is it takes so long to dig thru these vinyl ..
The create vibe goes away
: What's the biggest achievement in your career?
It would have to be those hair plugs, they worked brilliantly
Step back.
Let it settle.
Don't think about it for a few days and come back fresh.
I'm givin fucks to er'body else jus so I have none for
Zaza always up to something.
most of my favorite mafia movies have narration in them
Remember back when Steve Francis, Jermaine O'Neal and Baron Davis were allstars?
My Sweet One
Hey bakery boy Will you caress my soul please Its yearning for it hungerhaiku from
We also have two codes for Nuclear Dawn  freegamefriday  we'll throw those in!
That means we're giving away SIX games today!
Surprise visit from Amber for some Starbucks...mhmm can't say no to that ;
LeBron missed the clutch gene and got male pattern baldness instead
Awh...I LOVE YOUU TOO!
We news to make plans!
Soon!!
Thanks for the shout out!
YOU are wonderful!!
thanks hun...
I almost thought u didnt love me anymore...: ...
got doctorssed to go out but I'm honestly am thinkin about putting my PJs on and chillin.
thank you!
how cool!
Would love to see pics, if you think of it.
FFA also?
Spice Girls Wannabe : If you could live inside a music video which one would it be?
I'dld pick Total Eclipse of the Heart.
is this spam?
Your link doesn't work.
Who are you?
Excited 4 our transfer student chat 2misterw from 25pmEST.
Log on to get ?s answered!
american.edu/admissions for more info
If you aren't in the meetup you are missing some HTML5 awesomeness from right now.
Damn you sexayyy!
S/o to for scoring in his soccer game!!!
I punched, kicked and fought by way out of being grumpy at Reno Academy of Combat.
Now for glee :
just started it today!
am probably going to pull an allnighter reading tonight!
booked a meeting during a meeting today.
awesome.
: I don't have them taking anybody.
I want Richardson and a WR or LB tonight.
Wouldn't be mad about Claiborne, though.
that's all of them.
Haha
A heavy heart this morning...remembering our courageous friend, Stefanie Spielman, a true crusader...our thoughts are with the family....
ok you convinced me :  we are going to try our best!
House party??
that looks like it should be an extra character in Doug..
very impressive.
You clearly found your calling
I bet if James Brown were alive he'd say LIVIN IN AMERICA
Regis may be gone, but Hobart  Grace truck on w/ , Leslie Guyton's Movement Workshop Group and !
Tonight  11PM!
TRUER WORDS WERE NEVER SPOKEN...GOOD STUFF MY MUSICAL BROTHER...T/F/S...
: I was hoping your lion cloud would come and devour it before you pulled all of its legs off.
Stop.
Collaborate and Listen.
Good, good  thank you sweetie pie 3 :
Cramp leaving the body  bliss.
my tweet to you.
That's really disappointing, man...cuz I loved the first one.
when we were recording You Want It All there was a storm going on so we recorded it and put it behind the track.
Oh wow!
:D That sounds like fun.
I love vacation bible school!
I wish it came more often.
Lol :
Thanks for voting and sending out the reminder to vote!!!
I'm in a great mood.
yeah I'm from the westside slide thru bring whoever u want
Follow your passion.
Figure out what it is you love  who you really are  do it.
All you needs is courage to follow your doctorams  faith.
Just touchdown in one of my favorite U.S city Washington, DC look forward to a historic several days and the dedication of the MLK monument.
Uh oh!!
Big words!
You forgot to put professorssional librarian in quotes.
I would like die if you followed me !
someday :
Favorite line: He's said he's gone to the vet, but there is no record of him serving in any military branch.
I dnt feel like doin shit without money.....my mood be fuked up....
lol I think that was her instagram pick.
omg.
whos going home.
glad to hear it!
I graduate in June :
A sunburn makes it hard to sleep.
getting projects ready for end of November a December  must keep working
Looking forward to Austin Chronicle interview at 2:30pm CST.
Watch the live stream at homelesscoach.org.
I'm here for the people!
Soccer is in my blood 
IKnowWereCoolBut when yhu got yhu other half, we literally became strangers.
Like instead of hey, wassup i got no text back!
Merry Christmas !
3
Interested in hearing and seeing a snapshot of the week of TC Music Improv?
A free concert feat students this Fri MilbankChapel 1pm
Finally!
saw the final Harry Potter movie
Toni Cordell: not everyone has the opportunity to learn to read or read well.
I love the snow
i get pissed when women's poor play is put down to 'some guy'.
not the case when men hit bad patch.
What's good Twitter?
well thats you and i need to keep mine up
Be a first rate version of yourself, Not a second rate version of someone else...
I wish I had a cute boy to talk to 
alright but if you're going Mannilow on me Weekend in New England is the bomb!
As it should be.
How many cocktails did Q get to?
He was beyond lit at 12.
I'm great how r u?
Ikr?
Praise him
Okay then yeah.
where y'all at!
GREAT idea!!
If you have signed up for the weekly Thursday Network Digest but are not receiving it, please check your spam folder.
RAID RAID RAID
Joe is friends with Brandon Jacobs.
If he says it's him, It is Him.
No Doubt!
Yeah!
What does one do with said hood, though?
This is the great mystery.
Thinking of signing with a media director for The AlexZander Foundation.
Putting it to the broad this week.
I'm saying yes.
If you want to change the scene you got to turn off the fucking TV, stop consumerism for a day watch it all burn away.
Oh hell naw I need to get me a boo thang ASAP
cake would have been just as popular without CB..
Didn't need to add that loser for the publicity.
Christine stop calling me I'm at the library 
according to my notes, if your patient is hearing impaired use a stethoscope.
don't get it.
Q1 digital book displays...
anyone have example of it put to use?
lookin' for ideas
We need to go here now!
RT : Chicken 2 ways w/rice AND naan  Tandoori Hut.
Long line but worth it!
No picture??
LOL!
I thought so.
Me  Joe had that convo once  he didnt get our whole colorism thing.
To them all blk ppl are darkskinned
Yelawolf on a Sunday in the 504...
Duh I want to go!!!
DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS  REALLY?
TERRI SCHIAVO?
This debate has been on life support for, like, 70 minutes now.
Hi Jane!
Photog questionwhat's a standard or good price for engagement photo packages?
My upper body is gone be strong as hell.
MEn who dont like to read..make me want to SMH and say a prayer..cuz your living proof that knowledge is BEST hidden from a NIGGA in a
I keep buying fast food  my phones bills due in a few days.
Without any doubt Dev is going to dominate bengali film industry
Stay hungry, stay foolish!
Gotta give Louisville credit, they didn't have a chance but they played with heart!
hi Tierra I'm following you now can you follow me.xoxo ;
Lmfao , My little sister's feet !
:x
.Net Front and Back End Developer needed in Englewood, CO!
6 Month  Opportunity!
Link up or email me for details!
Yes, yes you do.
: RT : I am in Belgium.
You, likely, are not.
I win.
can't say I know who is gonna win the series but starting tomorrow me and are no longer friends
That's what's holding us up!
: red line train to glenmont off loaded at chinatown grrrrr
'Twould be a shame to come to Fort Worth in January and not go to the Stock Show...
I'll still think teenagers.
I know a read a story a few years ago about a severely obese 14 or 15yearold having one.
hey are we still getting pay video's?
Its Taco Tuesday!
What is your fresh La Casita salsaofchoice to finish out your taco construction?
FreshmanYearTaughtMe I got too fuck a senior soon
OpenStackNY meetup last night.
Great talks from, pizza/beer , hosted by NYC.
Join us next week for the Art Jam 2009  Wed 30th at 111 Minna Gallery downtown SF!
An evening of playful art and music!
See www.artseed.org
Happy Friday!
Big weekend ahead!
Whats your favorite Easter tradition?
Don't sweat it man.
Those illuminati guys don't own any hand signals.
We know your heart
yeah haha it stays interesting though
6 more papers to go :/
s/o to for putting in work at the Sonny Parker AllStar Game!
dont you fall in love, dont make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me
Everyone follow

Thank you!
Amtrak is working on getting busses and will do their best CrisisAverted?
Time for GradPub?
I told everyone including that Indiana would beat Miami
Sum up the Grammys in one word: old
Feelin' good is good enough for me...Janis Joplin
Damn Landoctor Jones might be the 1 pick in a couple of years
I think there should be a like button for twitter sometimes I would like people to know that there tweet was great
Never good enough..
good call!!
Riding my two wheeled unicycle for the first time today!
I can really be myself around him.
:
Kira we don't have a private room, but would still love your company.
yes actually me and him ride the same bus to and from school
Lamar Smith's national everify bill flew in the face of states' rights as well as the Supreme Court ruling.
Awr, thanks!
I aim to be totally pleasant as a default.
Glad I'm succeeding :
Naah Jus Like I Kaled Your Name In Lunch !You Would Of Kept Goin
I love you so much that I'd make sure billy in 4c DID see it coming
No I wouldnt
big up, big up its a stick up, stick up  c u tomo
completely agree
I found a retreat but it's for women only.
Vash can borrow my extra vag
Tomorrow I think I'll have one doctornk for every rude customer I WON'T have to deal with.
Damn....
The national anthem supposed to hype them up
Stay tuned for updates ALL WEEKEND LONG!!!
YES
I so agree  who cares!
M oven roasted turkey, creamy havarti and carmelized onions on toasted ciabatta.
Who's bringing the buttery Rombauer?
Premiere is reairing right now.
Flip it on and catch me singing for the next 50 minutes
ODOT cam....Crash I84 EB moved to the right shoulder at 39th...
SO Funny!
Oh say it isn't so!
She loves Rush  doesn't like POTUS?
Hum, time to divorce your mama.
;
awww.
Thank you my friend!
Best Holiday wishes to you and yours!!
We are looking forward to it!
Your flip books are a huge hit!
Just leaving a Cuban restaurant for an after party with a bunch of latinos and latinas.
In 2000 and Beyond...
As we the film crew get to the hotel room, the funhouse madness starts to sets in.
WE'RE HERE TO COVER A RACE!
Can u say Fear  Loathing?
Someone give some oxygen.
hope u had a good Mothers Day guys
uff!
the people!
love me 3
ooh :D this is the third time Yelawolf in Paris :P
...to find their fucking dog.
With our creative energies and ideas, we should save the world.
Or have a martini.
Read this if you think you are an Arianator.RT this if you KNOW!
:D
My anger  My mouth  No phone.
Cant win em' all.
Ballin till im Balding, till I look in the mirror and see Jordan...
I just realized I forgot to put on lotion omfg
Good night everybody.
Riley .LIVE REAL
Was just texting someone and misspelled each other  Autocorrect knew I really meant to type peashooter.
I have no luck winning tickets to see my favorite rapper.
Absolutely  thanks for the update
GOP have to decide who is their Lord.
Jesus or Ayn Rand.
Paul Ryan chose Rand.
How about you?
dirtyjokethursday What did one saggy tit say to the other saggy tit?
Looking at field cameras on ebay.
Sometimes Luke you are two steps ahead!
Seriously, though, keep coming up with ideas  gov wants them.

Dont wait for extraordinary opportunities.
Seize common occasions and make them great.
RT : Don't forget.
GOP opened up conf comm rpt to make changes as recommended by MMB to use reserves.
So much for trust.
Yea!
So excited!
Thank you!
praise God for everything.
Good night everyone, sweet doctorams!
:
It's the last w/end of summer, a holiday w/end, beautiful weather in SoCal.
Arrests increase statistically.
Don't get arrested!
doctornkDUI.
If anyone following me ever needs to talk about anything, I'll give you my number, and we can talk:
Oh fine.
No I didn't, but i should've huh?
It woulda been fly.
: giggles
Sad for us  but great for him...
Best of luck !!
Tell us some more great places to eat in Cincinnati?
follow back 3?
Coming soon  www.myfreegenealogy.com, researching immigrant ancestors, come share your knowledge with others.
Carrier Classic outdoor game earned ESPN's highest TV rating for November college hoops game
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work.
Rihanna .......
....
is it just me or does Dino Rossi seem like the Lane Kiffin of Washington politics?
We miss you, too!
RT : People here talk about blockbusters as being works of art.
I miss pretentious art house film snobs.
i think ima fuck wit dat rage one u sent
I think I see you at Duffy's?
Started a new oil portrait commission...Mother and Child..beautiful!
Did Mia just flip off the camera?
Thank you so much 3 Kellie
play me
Wonderful lunch date with my best friend.
Happy bday to my boy !
You're welcome!
Likewise!
:
Just got a call from someone Wren Building.
They want a QR code for a sign.
Dear eye contact commercials, you can't put glasses on a hot chick and call her a social outcast.
BestTVThemesEver Duck Tales
laying down bout to hit the hay
It is possible to end workplace harassment when you begin communication and zerotolerance policies that are unwavering.
When you pray, say: 'Your kingdom come' Luke 11:2
Still reviewing what transpired last night.
CincoDeDieO was tremendously fun!
Yea.
Just created the twitter account, so I'll be posting stock shirts shortly!
Shout out to !
I have a lot of ideas...4 music,reality tv shows,  movies.
I need 2 write all this stuff down...
rat eyes
I'll take today over yesterday, any day.
Memories may find me but they'll always be behind me
Put your future in good handsyour own.
Unknown
Tomorrows my last day of class.
Then I get to sleep all day again...
Just what I need.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
light sweaters rule
I Am Happy !
Haha.
It's kinda weird though.
At 7 this morning I walked into my livingroom  started laughing.
ForNoReason I'm awesome!
;
America's Test Kitchen is my jam.
The original Apple 1 computer sold for 666.66.
if it's 9.99  i give you a 10 , bitch i want my penny back .
.
.
hell , don't assume i don't want that one cent .
pennies add up lol
doing the gel.
more bang for your buck
Woot!
4 weeks  you go girl!
Still cheering my ass off lol
doctornking plenty of water is one of the most important things you can do to keep your skin looking and feeling beautiful.
thank you for the follow and the LIKE!
be sure to spread the buzz on JADED!
:
It's so awkward seeing people you know when they're working..
Lol
Little frustrated?
Tired of being alone.
If you do not like being alone, then perhaps you do not like who are you alone with.
Wayne Dyer
funny story about that, actually...
I'm Back to  10 ...
Please keep me in the Top 10 guys !!!
...
Thanks Antonio !!!
I'm not sure how to do that, sorry.
You can save it to your computer by right clicking, then set as background.
haha thanks.
Nothing like a good scare for trying to be responsible.
Any wait to see you guys and do it tomorrow!
I really hope Jake Locker starts this year...
You don't use an 8th pick on a player to sit for 2 years that's just STUPID
I'm your guy hit me when you get here.
Ill be sure to keep you busy
HE'S the creeper.
not me!
L1C4 makes me laugh every time I see it.
Refers to a tribe of forestdwelling African pigmies.
A lot good Texas players on Baylor's..and Stanford's team.
It was never going to happen.
dont believe in what people say, stay strong.
believe in your heart 3
It's pretty insulting 2 all Pakistanis that u have the gall 2 accuse Pak of genocide 4 defending its borders.
You are welcome!
Thank you also!
besides all the bieber
: I am so so so pumped for tomorrow I love Christmas a present for all
Dear Mom, please stop singing sex ain't better than love.
sincerely, Kyle.
Watching Sleep Over because the storm made the satellite go out.
Hopefully it'll work tomorrow....
Informative panel re PLA compliance bwctownhall including members of
: please God help me ....ik i dnt deserve it but im begging .please help me .I hope u gt better I will be praying for you !
: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower  get ready for work  you!!
I'll definitely be on the lookout for your name.
;
Love everything about today....perfect just as it is!!!
Wouldn't change a thing.
Puts a big smile on my face.
:
Great video.Time lapse ariffic as well.
now 3rd in east!
Come out and watch them this wknd!
Apparently i was trippin when i decided to date my ex!
RT : Yea scratch that!!!
Gurl u trippin!!!
Lol
i smelled a fag this morning.
i hate that smell.
the smoke makes me feel at home though.
x
My dog takes mostly the whole bed and leaves me with little room .
Ahh he has his bed , I'm guessing its too small for him bahha.
You want these cloths you want these hoe's you need to get yo money  yo mind right rite now
Never give in.
Never.
I need to go swimming real soon
I'm over here editing my way out the hood
Do you twitter??
FInd me
You should get on Skype.
Seven hours later I am back at home, embracing my beloved Internet.
Watching the local news and am horrified by these local commercials!!
Ugh so horribly done!
i'm in love with you.
onlyuglypeople treading?
This not right.
Who started this bull onlynarsaiticpeople make trends like  onlyuglypeople smh
Damn...
Why are tall men so hot!
I was just in Europe last summer!
Haven't had a chance to make it over to London!
Would love to come visit you sometime!
ok...thanks.
Nice
She got a lot going on
What, u think inside temps have anything to do with outside temps?
No, dear, must follow SCHEDULE.
The SCHEDULE is key.
Prepares to play classical music from a future civilization from 9 to 11 on wtju.net and 91.1 !
Pledge if you can!
you are amazing my support for you is eternal
Trell Just Forced It!!
you are most welcome you kind man!
cool!
I will look into this...
The funniest nights are the one's when my mom doctornks a glass of wine at dinner.
Obama doctorws 14,000 supporters to Columbus, OH arena today.
Anybody think Romney can pull 1400?
Mitt's rally's have been poorly attended.
Home sweet home
So in Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na there's a scene with a guy waiting outside airport holding a placard saying mister Godot
RT : Tasty leftoversforlunch, beet salad from !
I must return to try the patio!
I can't wait for the fully exercised Repubs to go after the little nasty man in the White House.
It gonna be a pisser.
FUCK!!!
CHILdoctorN ARE HERE, DO YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY?
TO ME IT IS NOT.
MY FAV POSITION IS TO KICK YOU ON THE BALLS!
Ballgame!
Still in first, still doing it all in doctormatic fashion.
Retrain will be searching for a instructor well versed with mature populations.
Low impact, theraband  mat therapy.
and make it even better with your fresh, innovative ideas.
We can't wait to see your progress!
asus slate is Years head of ipad and Microsoft ipad killer
Childoctorn are the living messages we send to a time we will not see.
John W.
Whitehead
Great answers, thanks for your input!
Forget boybands making a comeback im bringing back barbershop quartet.
posting auditions on craigslist in 'looking 4 men' cuz its guys only
How to minimize the effects of timedelay interference  Urgent Communications
Don't miss Poppy, Serious Pie, Pike Place Market, Melrose Market, there are so many...
I'm essentially about to wear pajamas to the club..but swagged out and with heals i
New play for Pats; 12 men on field, we can stop them now.
ha, what said otherway around.
but before you even do that, make your crew list all they need.
One of the greatest pleasures of living in Philly is that with every little errand you inevitably run into amazing people.
A5.
Two words: Anna Kournikova RT Coke and Danica: What's appeal in deal w/doctorver w/only 2 wins?
Why shouldn't get a because he's affiliated with ?
Dan  Justin are artists.
Jerk.
I'm looking for players who are willing and WANT to play realbook
Study reveals that postendo pain has different sources
Front man Mark Foster has also worked as a Club DJ.
Pumped Up Kicks on
obfuscation and Rawls two principles of justice
I WANT TO GO HOME.
is breathing into the stretch...
Thanks David
Taught my largest story line and character developement class tonight.
is the perfect spot for shopping for grads  personalized gifts galore!
Does this mean CasiNO RT Two candidates opposed to casino, Ginny Coppola and Lorriane Brue, win in
With every K on penguins, gets a little stronger.
That shit is powerful.
Help the cause.
Calorie Restriction Program Aging is a Treatable Disease
sweet tea:
I definitely fit the bill and I really appreciate my job now!
Where Are The GOOD MEN???
you need to be yourself and be creative in your own way and show people what you got
I got your package today.
Appreciate it fellas!
it's been a pleasure guys.
Been a big fan of your show.
Looking forward to follow each of your careers!
Good luck
Cool...
Hit me when you get back
woo.
Unacceptable.
Don't get me started on my adorable little Cloudy.
My husband is 6'4 man that works out everyday and he's been a for over 35 years.
You don't need to eat our animal friends.
Oh, Nicki Minaj, this is way too out there for me.
For the first time all night I turned the volume down.
GOOD GAME YESTERDAY BIG ROY
You see me , I got bitches.
we watching 2012 in class!
can you say chill day!
So.
What i need all you RObotz to do is to tweet kickinit at the end of your tweets to get it trending for .
Got it ?
GO !
:
4 Wins  0 losses for the Day !
The bookie is gonna be mad when he see's me tomorrow !Hope all you guys had the same Goodnight!
Guess WI's beer tax!
If u guessed 0.6 on a beer u're right!
One of the lowest in nation!
Great to see so many humpeeps at the hospitality suite.
Hope you enjoyed the view!
Safe travels to everyone.
wish I could be there to see ya Melina!!
:
Less expensive compared to where?
Sometimes Binny's has sales.
They're all usually around the same price point, though.
wall 2 wall sports has twitternation cornered with tomorrow night's guest list
Career site best practices AEIOUauthentic, engaging, intuitive, option filled, user friendly Yanswer whY
yeah I watched the whole thing and didn't understand a bit of it, but it had great atmosphere.
Yep, A5X processor, quadcore graphics is confirmed on the new
hi no fumble tumble
I wish people could hear what is happening in my house right now.
same :  texting Andoctorw 3
Working from Brewed Caf this afternoon...
lovely day on Brady Street!
Watching the last bit of stomp the yard , den going to sleep prob
RT : Mitt Romney: America knows the only solutions for our debt are more massive tax breaks for the rich and enforcing heterosexualty
Uh oh
Movies all night last night..didn't even get up from the couch..and I'm still on it at this very moment..
dear youtube, thanks for the cause of my bad grades.
If Being Thirsty Was A Crime Smh Half You Mufuckers Be Gone For LIFE Lol
It shouldn't be suprising that some ppl think automotive repair is a doctorve up like McDonalds.
Major repair and diagnostic takes time
Going to college this fall as a junior in high school.
Thanks WA state government for RUNNING START!
:
You never really know how much someone really loves you, until you see how they are with you at your worst.
It's like they know me : it says the air pressure is like a giant hand holding you down  crushing out all your lifeforce
I think it was MDID  Madison Digital Images Database or Distributor or something like that
Great BD fun at Artist for a Day and Le Bistro du Beaujolais withh my family.
Never fails to entertain.
Fuck that beef that shit is played out
I love how I've been up since 6:40  I wish I could fall asleep but there's just too much shit running though my head right now
UM hurricanes off to a great start vs Duke
sigh...whitehouse.gov website fail.
Can't create an account in Google Chrome; no form displays
got them ill skills
Romney is a pussy!
He's afraid of his own shadow: PunxsutawneyRomney!We'll have 4yrs of darkness  despair!
Not 6 weeks!
Glad to do it.
I don't think we're going to be done talking about him for a long time.
That was the singlemost GAYEST way to say go to bed ever!!!!!.....
So much to do in NY.
We love it too!
The best city in the world!
I need more followers...
I feel like I'm talking to myself!
The last time I took a day off was in January?
So says my vacation email message log.
That can't be correct.
I know itsuper busy!
But that's a good thing, right?
: Where have your treks taken you lately??
In life, your going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used.
But you have to decide who's worth your tears and who's not.
hey it's been Time we havnt talked
Getting into a fight with someone you actually cared about.
yeah, I just noticed that its leap day.
can you pls stop spamming my twitter feed with all this nonsense about the damn field

RT : Life with you makes perfect sense, you're my best friend.
Tim McGraw
is wearing a Cal Poly Pomona sweatshirt  UC Berkleyis that ok, should I be scared?
Feb 2  5, 1863  The 5th Iowa sent to Hardin County environs to stop Confederate conscription sweeps and to help defend Fort Donelson...
Follow me pretty?
YOU ARE SO ADORABLE.
IRREALLYLOVEYOU.
3
RT: Waking up from a long ass nap.
but this is the reason why I be up at nights 
We are looking for a stage manager for FIRST PRIZE immediately!
1st rehearsal 4/3  email to enquire.
AEA showcase
Big mistake.
Peyton is a great guy but this will be Culpepper part 2.
Just completed my first ever 8 mile run!
Oh no.
Hope it's nothing serious?
hey how are you...I am a songwriter reach out to network...
I love Judge Judy!
Great show!
oh u know
i should've said no.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Einstein
It is amazing how a day can seem so much better with just a little bit of good news!
I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills.
Know what happened?
I ate faster.
Joe E.
Lewis
I saw a great presentation today on noneconomic damages by Jeffrey Kroll at Illinois Trial Lawyer's Update  Review.
what time does show start?
are going!
Just wonderin what the future holds
Passed the US Naturalization test.
Ade told me that no MSFT employee ever failed.
Pressure was on : Next step is the auth.
Hearing Save The World in Macy's yesterday was surreal.
it's called Facebook, not Boobbook.
so try  get your face in the picture next time.
kthanks
My allergies are killing me right now!
Great blog....loved it!
Crunch Berries?
Yes.
Cap' n Crunch?
Not so much
RT : If you're a student copyright geek looking for a summer job, let me know
haha all right!
Looking forward to it
The last time the lakers were forced to a game 7 after leading 31 was the 2006 first round vs.
Phx.
Phoenix won game 7 and the series.
Midway thru Season 1 of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS.
Vinny don't be depressed trying to notice people you smiling makes us GRANDer JOLLY!:
Heard in line while waiting for the DalaiLama: He's like the pope of the Buddhists!
12 soft pretzels deep.
I am ready for the
To Mom's past, present and future...
May your memories, realilties and hopes be full of happiness!
I can't wait until I'm in my own place  I can jig around my room in my underwear in peace 
Total sleep for dplawest over three nights  14 hours  that's about right.
:P
I will, with antibacterial hand wash.
;
Thanks.
: Gives me a greater appreciation of what you and others did!
Your presence is always welcome at 210....
NOT!
re TED: i think it all died when they started branding on campuses.
so weird and unfortunate.
2 of 2: Trinity Irish Pubs, Bartels Management, Inc., Bell Ambulance, Wisconsin Club and Boucher Automotive Group!
Hahaha!
Preach!
RT : girls who can't handle their shit aint cute.
stay your ass at home
How did you know?
X0X0 FollowBack RT I think that's what she likes most..
that type of arguing...so often...not normal.
WHY IS EVERYTHING SO FUCKING HARD FOR ME !!!!
Thankful this precip is rain not snow, more work to get done before end of the year.
Stage Freight Strategies part 3 6.Anticipate hard and easy questions.
7.Organize your speaking notes.
he is absolutely a wonder!
Hope you're enjoying mother's day with Miyoko, Hana  your mom!
Wish Trish HMD from me please.
In the studio.
Writing.
Coozies were a great invention.
Cooking channel has wonderful events for quick and easy dishes.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Emeril
What do we live in Seattle or something?
This rain is Crazy.
Get some fenders to protect yourself from the rain spray.
Mom says I don't sleep enough , I'll sleep when I die
Find great local, national, and state tournaments at www.tournamentscoop.com
for my 18th bday im gonna tattoo your qoute success only happens after failed attempts : i really am son!
Whoa whoa whoa.
There's a show on History Channel called Big Shrimpin?!?
Clearing my schedule for the day...
i stay om my GRIZZLY!
Adestria More Than You Know 3
Simon always makes sense
I Hate When I Need Something I Just Had But Can't Find It.
If you have 2 or more dogs the goal is to get them to be a calmsubmissive unit, all working together with you in charge
Just found TweetDeck.
Cool app for organizing my connections
Baby you Don't Know!
I think its comical when grown ass adult dudes.
doctorve New VW Beetles.
Chicks only, dudes.
Get a truck.
I think I'm about to clean my room and bathroom.
Shooting in NYC next week!
Needed: PAs and a hip bar location.
Message me if you have...
either?
Senior Company .
Week OFF!
oh, wait.
8788..
but yep, first lady raegan.
Let the road trip begin!
tigers win hooray!!!
he was solid.
Him  Jess were the best.
I'm really starting to like the one direction song...
Damnit...
Enjoy the prediction from that Dolphins will select DT Fletcher Cox at 8 because it doesn't fill a need and makes no sense.
as a kid growing up in holland, my golden combo was peanut butter  honey.
Swirling the 2 together on the bread is a must.
Yum!
That sound more like a senior passiondoctorven project...what fun!
SPRING FEVER!!!!
I'm not a rum guy.
I'm a bourbon guy.
Like this if you think that dianely should be on Toddlers and Tiaras Again!
Find out more about the Summon Discovery Service on Stand 32
Fountain Hills Town Council meeting Thursday 6:30PM.
Should community move to a single trash  recycling hauler?
I dont think im gonna be a promotor anymore.
ill just stick with going to concerts to see them.
Im so damn tired im delirious!!
Pole was a WORKOUT!!!!
we sold some mushroom tea, we sold some ecstasy, we sold nitrous opium acid heroine and pcp
you two are the fucking same,pathetic annoying  always need attension.
RT nothing like waking up and make a good exercise!!
:D
OCLC survey: Hickerson: special collections staffing in Canadian libraries about half of comparable US libraries
In God I trust!
Obviously, I'm not a goalie...lol I just appreciate them, as all hockey players should!
I'm a forward
I finally get to watch a whole match and it's canceled.
Not exactly a Rafalevel problem, but still a bummer.
like your tweet!
Not giving up.
Just getting started!
Thanks for the follow!
RT : Didn't get a chance 2 see U after the set with Rez in Jazz Standard, just wanna tell u that it was a great show!
Busy day at the office, back to home learn my monologues, relax and doctoram.
This class is a joke omg
i may joke around but im the hardest...Sucka

MY heart Beating So Fast !
There are two ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Einstein
Margaret Lee RunbeckMany people are extremely happy, but are absolutely worthless to society .
Singing to one direction one thing :
still a good joke
Yes indeed!
Best way to start the week.
:
KIA!!
How are you?
Stay tuned for the US Title Olympics Club
Wow.
I may have to spend some serious time in San Fransico.
Amazing city.
oO I missed you 100!
Were you on the platform or train?

Don't worry about the class days you've missed from the snow.
Spring Break has plenty of days to catch up.
Hey Chicago!
What's your favorite brunch spot?
RedSox are on a twogame winning streak.
Bruins play game 7 tonight.
And Celtics are a win away from homecourt in 1st round of playoffs.
Happy Easter!
they hurt the worst really bad
A3 Which native app to build if budget is limited.
Megan  what's your advice?
During finals, as always, One's ability to be productive is directly proportional to one's ability to relax.
David Allen
thanks for the RT!
At my last physical, I asked my doc to measure and chart my waist.
CDCP says so!
Things are going well!
I have had a good response so far.
thanks for the FF love!!!!
He Needs to take a seat..
/
RT What's a song you hate getting stuck in your head?
It's a metaearworm!
Just saw a brilliant shooting star!
guess i need to make a wish
Abbi and I sang at TheCommodore in Nashville tonight!
Veryy fun:
nah lol.
Just me  Junior lol
What's your favorite day of the week?
It should be 2Stamp Twitter Tuesday where you get 2 loyalty card stamps for following us!
Younger generation of workers with ongoing access to online computers leads to explosion of social media use at work
chocolate cake
Gosh, I wish I could have gone to that.
I went last year and it was really helpful.
join us and watch launch on NASA tv  9 PM Tues night.
reading about tainted peanut butter
maybe try roofies next time.
That keeps'em quite!
Just watched Phil Lesh, Bob Weir and Waren Haynes on ABC's The View..Whoopi!
I'm working on my reasons paper for my JAMS internship application lol.
just got a contributor agreement from someone who has been on plone since 1.0.
w00t!
Farmville players outnumbered real farmers in the US by a ratio of 60 to 1
Takes one to know one!!
ZipitUp RT : You're such a starbleeper, Kevin!
Coach Taylor GAed at UCF under Chizik.
;
who doesn't like regular show
Hope you had a happy Easter, too!
is too stubborn and will never break his silence.
Have fun with him at lunch!
RT You know what's more fun than great live music?
Great live music with your best friends.
Spread the word about tonight!
oh goodness!
Congratulations!
I'm completely finished tomorrow  off until first week in Sept.
so excited.
iP lust is at an all time high, and for some,they just have to get one, regardless of viable alternatives.

I love you Rob Mulligan!
LOL
RT : I know a secret.
Don Jones is presenting at www.ti2011.com along with Jeffrey Snover!
its takes money to MAKE money.
Awesome.
Hope to make it there someday.
Finally going prom doctorss shopping
Sleep over with the boyfriend one night soon...
: hm interesting :p
I really believe if you have a collaborative campus leader then u never have to worry about that happening
: Do you have any ideas?
This assumption about leadership is holding you back: that leaders need followers.
0224.
Ugg I hate when that happens.
Bengals doctorft CB doctor Kirkpatrick with the 17th pick in the
Picked up some wine at the local doctorvethru liquor store...
Hm
Watching soccer
Morning people.....make this a WONDERLICIOUS Day
you're too funny.
i went to tag you in one of the quotes from The Hangover and I thought I was spelling your name wrong!
Working on 3 great projects: Denver video shoot, Australia bodhifest marketing, meeting with Singapore company today.
Business is rocking!
bug lookin ass
Wow it's 12 I could have sworn 10 seconds ago it was like 11:30
thanks fam!
You guys are the best!
lol I guess he got it from the aide when I left :/ xD
Anyone know who's pitching tomorrow?
Wow.
RT : Average Google user spent 3.3 minutes on the site in January, Comcast reports.
Average Facebook user spent 7.5 hours.
The justice system is ENTIRELY fucked up!!!
yeah thank u bro
The only people happier than Broncos fan is Patriots fan.
what you doing in the dirrty hotalanta
shouldn't that put him in a much higher tax bracket?
fergie: me, quentin sarah vaughn and mariah decided: you are voted off this birthday island.
I'll let it slide.
Wow, that's a bummer about the knots.
I will let KFI know because that's uncool.
Knots are inevitable, but not 3 in 30/yds.
Saw the brochures for the McGraw residency at Darien here at UW's LIS school.
Made me smile :
It's a cool thing to say, I just put in a 15 hr day and I loved every min of it.
An eye opening experience behind the camera!
Just got in.
I was going to go down to the bar but Boondocks is on.
Can't decide.
Thank you for the FF!
of course, babe :
Should we start a campaign to get Ravens coach John Harbaugh on here?
Words with Friends is getting heated...bring it !
;
LiesIveToldMyParents The cooler is so we can carry our nonalcoholic doctornks into the party.
Duh
Happy Thanksgiving!
We're thankful for all of your support : you are all amazing 3
hahahahaha and yes I am going to my old high schools' graduation just to rub it in her face!!!!
Take that Senora Estas!!
Chicken wings..
and fries for dinner.
You're from the north, innit?
Well, here's some tough love from the upper Atlantic  pull yourself together.
You're OK.
I just shared something on Google for the first time in months.
If the world implodes or I disappear into a black hole, that's why.
Northern eyewall in Clear Lake, nearing SE corner of downtown Houston.
Hurricaneforce winds expected soon downtown.
Kobe isn't feeling well...things could get interesting tonight GoNuggets!!
ThingsIGetAlot You must work out!
: That's wonderful.
Props to for keeping eyes on SF while they needed it.
Thanks, the injuries were worth it!
Cat balls
perf!
i have two huge boxes of berries
sure does I have it a lot.
So you two still together?
I have officially found out that I suck at tennis!
A bonding team is more important than putting out any product.
When everyone can see eye to eye
Follow me please:
Well now I suddenly want to listen to suck.
Taxis like to honk
Just tweeted at Blaine Gabbert from the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Anyone think he might come to the next ITTC show?
At the iSchool at Univ of Washington, we have an info science phd where you can focus on ictd or information in society.
well other music doesnt catch my attention lol :p  thats good cx if id ask any guy to go to a PTV or SWS i bet they wouldntcx
Swag King Cole
Farewell New Jersey Nets, I hope there are enough hipsters that care in Brooklyn to make the new Nets trendy.
I'm 24 in less than a month.
That is terrifying.
Somebody should text me
lmao whatever works!
Facebook relationship status updates are the Access Hollywood for normal people.
Sounds great!
Looking forward to it!!
Bitches love it when you tell them somethin nice in Spanish.
But it's a total metadata nightmare.
I just saw the DM today!
My phone didn't notify me, I will say boy guessed it.
YOUR MY HERO AND YOU MADE ME SO MUCH STRONGER AS A PERSON,YOUR MY ROLE MODEL:
Because it is!!
RT : How can people find baseball boring????
Wgtb, Georgetown radio officially throws its support behind Let's go caps Beat the bruins
interesting.
seems like issues could have been avoided with more monitoring/research from Council, etc.
Back to school bleckk
it has been about a year for me.
Shoutout to : 
My phone hitting that good charge right now :
can I use all of your tweets from this convo in a post?
I promise not to Ellen you.
F the doctorpkick Murphy's.
Their music makes me want to commit su.
good late morning!
Grabbing another cup of hot Joe'sephine and skipping out the door to meet with a new client!
:
Would it be wrong to bill a cust for just plain awesomeness?
Lawyers bill for pondering fees so why not??
: Falling in love is a lot like falling asleep.
It's easy to fall into, but hard to get out of.
Dear President Dilma, please save the rainforest  protect our climate.
Veto the new Forest Code!
It may seem silly but that doesn't mean it's not important
a birdie tells me you are a Deerfield guy, is this correct?
CAN COOK
Got a salad fm mcdonalds...its like getting a hug fm a hooker
Got a ticket for !
Oct 8  9 in Seattle  looking forward to it!
Have a relationship strategy, not a social media strategy
New Year special  iPhone 4 white conversion only 199  New low price!!
Happy and successful 2011.
Funny you should ask!
Why yes I DID see Jenna Maroney filming 30 Rock today!
Be on the lookout for an ep featuring the Wogels.
I'm not a fucking role model.
which article?
Thanks to everyone who made last Friday's line dance class a great success!
Outside of Deadlight, Halo 4, Max Payne 3, and Bioshock Infinite, can't think of much else I'm excited for this year.
My brotha knows where its at
There is alot to be said when respecting other people...there is even more to be said when respecting yourself...Mia
RHONJ time to catch up on what I missed.
So excited even though I can't sleep.
My fav housewives!
Got upset with my mom cause she won't let me go to the show so shes taking me to get my belly button pierced.
have fun tonight, should be a great game
we did!
it was my first time playing there  I broke a string midsong but finished it like a boss
STILL A TEENAGE VIRGIN....
Better known as an endangered species.
OH NO!
I DELETED 3/4 OF MY SCHOOL FILES!
WORLD ENDING!
...
oh no.
i don't know my own file system.
they're right over there.
facepalm
I was painfully initiated into boxing, because the guys I fought were a lot bigger than me.
Sugar Ray Leonard
Nothing amazes me anymore.
:
cody what's your favorite store?
:D
I am going to email you!
Currently rehearsals, make sure you tune in tonight institute site, 7:30pm EDT.
Yayyyy whats good girly?
glad you are on here
it is during prayer that God directs you on which way you should go.
if you have not had a success in a while, check your prayer life.
Finished devouring Tacos USA by last night.
Awesome book!
that's a bad way
The Kitchen amp; Bath Channel Debuts iPhone App and Consumer Website Enhancements at the Kitchen amp; Bath Industry Show in ...
I am watching Firefly, so Nathan Fillion.
And maybe a little Adam Baldwin.
Morning brothers.
Wind awake smooth on the Canyon.
The boat is doctor yet?
Good morning Blue Pearl, Good morning to All.
Teaching my dad about twitter.
thanks!
We're very excited to have her on the team
sorry...Why don't you brag about it.
Lol
Principles of color
Getting a lot of girls isn't something to be proud of.
But Keeping one it is 
They're worth it.
RT : Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
Confucius
Learned something new.
What songs did he write for them?
Were any of those songs hits?
Um Midnight Mass is supposed to start when?
Yea ok thought so...
Keep doin the cell phone/Facebook connection thanks to all my new members!
My hair looks like a firetruck underneath
haha!
Sure feels like it!!
Somebody to love.
Great, the snow is back sigh
Caffeine fueled madness
I Wonder Wat Steven On Today
We have a jeans day tomorrow ?
Ha.
YES.
Clearly this is his impeccable taste, and not his lack of spacial reasoning skills.
I appreciate you...
thats what's up girls I'm chillin with the family, tipsy as hell, lol have fun
Don't skimp on the sauces, they're all amazing.
RT Finally trying Chicfila and am embarrassingly excited
hah.
at least you're making art as you go around in circles.
STATE PRELIMS!!!!!
:D
i cut mine off, you can do the same 
Finding a song name: Type all the words you know in Google and hope for the best.
Oh that's who wrote that song
RT : If ur Seattle company is hiring, I'm helping my brother find a job  would luv to connect u.
He has a business/marketing BA!
La esperanza muere ltima.
Jesse de la Cruz
It was good to catch up.
How a great night.
Check out nice writer about Motorcycle Stuff
my point exactly.
At practice and the fire alarm had now gone off twice....
Wtf
that gives me the opposite affect...
;
plzzz follow me i love u
I I guess when the ball was bunted, the umpire was pointing at the pitcher.
Watch it again!!!
i guess
dont you hate it when you try to tell someone how you feel and you just cant, can someone give me advice:/?
individual and social wealth  extending beyond financial to all forms of abundance
Nearly a year ago, one of the happiest days of my life: JSchool graduation cuj11 Congrats to cuj12 grads!!!
I hope you feel better.:
Many, many thanks!
That child wouldn't be disappointed if he or she had visited your store in person!
of course
I'm jealous of your Trader Joe's runmy closest Trader Joe's is 425 miles away.
.
.
Lakers let this game slip away
Blepharitis is a condition that is caused by inflammation of the eyelid.
It results in red, scaly, and thickened eyelids...
: God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there.
There is no such thing.
Wait, alamw10 is this week?
Further evidence that I'm not really ready for 2010.
Jake Keefer pulls down Gordon to record his second tacke for a loss.
Freshman looks like a quality lineman.
Adele was awesome good job :
Fettuccine Alfredo pasta for dinner, yes please!
Us Too!
RT : True story, I get a little giddy when the new pops up in my inbox on Thursdays.
Trying to figure out dinner
New years at times square with my brother.
Always fun!
That's a tough one RT : Cereal?
RT Indy or Pacers, who u got?
Reggae version of Heart Shaped Box at Anodyne.
SoundHound didn't know it.
Anyone know who this is?
Woo, way to go!
RT An 8 mile morning run.
Happy Mothers Day to me!
1363 we use to talk all the time your really sweet and adorable :
Donna Summer lived in Key West?
That's where I once lived...never knew that!!
i wish i could stop doctornking sodapop.
its like my body craves it, i'm an addict if there ever was one
I've been in meetings and buried in work, all day.
What's been happening?
Launching of , supposedly.
How do I know it's not Dan Sinker?
At Broadway Cafe, thinking about racing leaves in the gutter down broadway..
Red Convertible GT 2012 Mustang .
.
HowYouKnowYou'reGettingOld When the son of a player you watched as an adult makes his Major League debut.
this boarding process for flight 1258 to STL is amongst the most annoying things I have experienced at an airport
That awkward moment when you make a noise from you mouth and someone thinks it was a fart!
And the AAPL market marches on.
They are doctorving the shorts crazy.
We put out another 10 short line on the close.
lame ass responce
Yesterday, the fire alarm went off.
Today the water's been off for several hours.
Glad I'll be away from the library for the next two days!
I'm seriously thinking about joining the smartphone crowd.
you can barely see the building behind the garage...
Lol.
RT : you too can fit two days into one day.
just add coffee!
you're right, I got 99 problems but wet hair ain't one
that is lovely.
yeah it's not like he was whining about Romanowski either.
Just giving an example..
I thought his insight was great.
Hey, How come No Posts ?
As much as I'm a fan of the rain, it is nice to look out the window and see sunshine and blue sky.
The British came, did their thing, and left...
That's the story of VA during
Good hang tonight with and JS Williams at zincbar and fatcat !!!
: I followed you
imthetype who enjoys ruining my employees lives.
I also strive to create 100 turnover at the every 6months.
mother love bone always puts me in a good mood
What a way 2 kick off our season last night!
Capacity crowd  2640 Space 2 hear play Xenakis.Doesn't get much better than that!
I think the Hungarian dumpling soup worked!
Absolutely.
It's the important things.
great job Chief White, thanks for keeping an even playing field for all of Denver's citizens.
:
Anyone else excited for the Olympics this summer?
No one seems to realize its only a few months away.
Best sports for tv is Olympics by far.
I want to go to Vegas asap!
Need to replay that 800 blackjack hand...
Feel the adoctornaline
Great meeting you last week!
Loved your presentation at factorcon Looking forward to getting together soon.
AHAHAHA.
Except this time, it wasn't to Justin bieber.....
rain rain go away
RT : I can appreciate the shit outta Maroon 5 playing on Frank Ocean radio!
did you just throw up the yo?
Lol
Good things are and will keep happening if you let them.
ty yes i'm italian/sicilian
Hey DC, How are you getting to this weekend.
Official bus has been sold out for a bit...
I dont want that relationship where people say we look cute together, i want that relationship where they say we look HAPPY together3
studio in Atl
Why does everyone think that Ravenclaw's colors are Blue and Black?
Its Bronze.
The books say so.
lmfao shut up .
RT : REALLY enjoying the lpco12 social media seminar.
Lots of great advice from  and
i like the girl that is totally all up in your picture.
I'm not sure if this is a product of aging and forgetting my own memories, but I'm becoming more interested in studying histories.
Thanks for the kind words!
Did you enjoy the Doctor?
i wish my sister understood I don't listen to her when she talks 75 of the time.
booked trip to Cancun?
CHECK booked flight to Vegas?
DOUBLE CHECK country thunder tickets?
CHECK all over that D
wake up sleepy head;
Dont know details but I DO know I wanna be
Happy Canada Day to all those north of us and Happy 4th of July to all in the U.S.A.!!!!!!!!!!!
When starts talking about wiring large amounts of untraceable money overseas, this is what I do:...
Whoa, whoa.
I don't have time to watch or comment.
Thank God.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
help!
hates me for saying baseball W wasnt a big deal.
I like him on KSR and thought he could BS.
guess not
ready for fotball to start REALLY counting!
Let all the KC Chiefs hating start!!
Aw!
Fun.
I wish I could be there with him.
Not fair!
University School, defending state champs, lose 40 to American Heritage in regional semifinal action.
a purple shirt
the days where you feel as if the whole world is against you ,  you're just like FuckItAll 
Darn it.
Damn I hate asking for my money back.
At the Keg getting my DVD
Rooney goal was magnificent, but to get dorky, the physics of Zidane's goal made it quite a bit tougher.
Hey B
you're welcome!
Thanks for sharing :
At Pinocchios in Pasadena with tonight.
Great room for jazz!!
1D What Makes You Beautiful
hey!
shamora how you doing?
KeyMarkX4 class  Q7: How did KeyMarkX4 get its name?
what's gd pimp
is that doctorpepper?
:
I should just be a total asshole
Just got back from Rhode Island packing for Florida now.
The new State Farm discount doublecheck commercial with Raji is freaking hilarious.
What a great first week.
Thanks for such a warm welcome  rcsouthbend!
and checking in with Twitter between big wins.
Also concert etc.
confirmed GFA 2013 his 40 years teaching FSU WOW!
Just remembered I have leftover seafood fra diavolo in the fridge.OMG.
Melt down.
Packing up my office us decidedly not fun.
Sometimes I wonder what you really think about me...
:x
I'm creating a new show.
It's called Shower Rangers.
It's 30min of girls fighting crime in a shower
You know those people who seem to have it all figured out?
Who they wanna be, where they wanna go.
That's not me.
Can you DM me as soon as you see this?
but I write essays last minute...plus this was 15 pgs on a ridiculous topic...
Approximately 36,000 people in the US will be newly diagnosed with oral cancer in 2010!
Come in and get an oral cancer screening.
blue days, black nights.
I don't like this one bit my mom said I was grounded :/ but who cares
nawl I'm just gonna get a new number and do my thing ...
Need even more 
yes, I have been back for 3 months,
Thanks for sharing.
And as a lawyer in the article says, Chester is the canary.
How do I get out now.
There ain't no sign on this sign
I Sent You A DM
Yeah.
I remember stopping in NJ on my way to Paris and looking at NYC, just kinda like..
why the fuck do people live in Jersey?!
Is anyone going to Springtime Unplugged on Thursday?
don't think it's healthy to think about it constantly but would be nice if more people tweeted about absurd laws or injustices
you gettin me mad.
stop calling me fake b/c you know im the realest friend you got.
aw thank you
GOP really hate marriageequality.
shhh don't tell them It's not 2004!
Gonna see the Bully documentary.
Just cause it's Saturday nite doesn't mean I can't be depressed!
I'm fly, and for those who can't spell, I'm a pretty swell guy.
Getting ready for tonights shoot.
I love trying to make things work .
Makes me stronger !!
Halloween is less than a week away!
What are you going to be?
A sexy Nurse, a naughty Schoolgirl, a bad cop, or a wicked maid?
NetExtender not making me very happy today
I don't care if you wanna doctorve 40 miles an hour but get the fuck out of the left lane!!
Christmas party tonight 730pm upstairs revs richmond!
See you all there!
bowls that look like food
3 kinds of programming errors: compilation, runtime, logic.
Tonight I found a 4th: It's working perfectly but you're too tired to realize it
like in the ED/hospital?
or is triage specialist another egoenhancing label for primary care?
Putting up our Christmas tree.
Great night in
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Benjamin Franklin
Hubby wishes he could hide when I come out of the shower and say, I just got a great idea for a book!
Sexy  I want you.
Pretty  I like you.
Beautiful  I love you.
school school school so boring perla
how terrible.
1 millionth American Archive record: 's BoomTown: TriCities Thrives In A Down Economy 2010, Congrats!
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says, 'In case of emergency, notify:' I put 'DOCTOR.'
is taking me to Camp Michigania with her.
For this, I indulge her OSU obsession.
;
hello I was wonder how u go about submissions?
Planning for Accessibility: a11y needs to be integrated into existing workflows.
via
Yeahand I had a horrible experience last year.
Definitely an expensive weekend!
From Middleton PD: A multivehicle injury crash at Airport Rd and Hwy 12.
All traffic lights out in area.
Expect traffic delays.
I'd love to plan a trip w my kids to Disney world.
Best wishes!
Heading to the boat today on Geist for some sun  Mojitas!
fresh fruit is the best!
Is it bad I always let the call go to voicemail when I see my father on the caller id?
THANK GOODNESS!!!
Ty for the notice.
I'll be happy 2 tune back in without MV yelling at listeners all day!
I'll see you in a bit  mwuahaha
Ahh, just a bit of rain at Morrison...
Are they gonna play for the Championship game too or just your 3rd game???
Was just alerted that HEADSHOT is from LAST LIFE IN THE UNIVERSE director.
Excitement has surged.
The hardest part of leaving is just Taking breath to stay.
Got a 3 on my EOC !
That's what's up
S/O TO OUR NEW FOLLOWERS!
thanks for the shout out Andy :
NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 1
let me dig it out
Cougar on the prowl stalking the gay guy.
Thanks for the mention, Antone!
Do you know about   my business Twitter accounts?
Finally going to bed yay!
Mango mojito...don't mind if I do.
:
I have a bad habit of putting a question mark after everything I tweet??????
Dancers are dedicated, disciplined, and determined.
How many people have these qualities?
Very few.
Yes, we felt the earthquake.
3.1, about 12 miles away.
All ok.
Oktoberfest turns 40 this year  over the hill and under the influnce
is the buffalo crunch still here this week for burgerthursdays tomorrow?
Im out of school soo umm ya fuck finals!!!
Last day this Saturday of '04 alum Steven Riddle's Radiant Fields  Nudashank, 405 W.
Franklin St., 3rd Floor, Baltimore
Thanks also to everyone who came out to celebrate the Center and bid on some amazing work it was a great time.
RT : RT : Q6 What are some of your goals for
Friend:I usually brush my teeth before breakfast...
Me:Brushing your teeth before breakfast is like cleaning your as before taking sht!
:D
sorry then
howtokeeparelationship 69 Need I say More!!!
I think that Milgram's trying to say is that people have been and will always have control and that there is evil no matter where you go
is talking dirty Yorkshire to me!
You should add that bit about him blaming it on the intern to your post.
It's classic.
Haha no,but that would be cool!!
I followed : followme ?
Its Twitter time!!!!!
NoWhammies!
Another wonderful day!
It feels good to not have to know anything!
Confidence is KEY whn messin wit ME.
Cause I will test 2 ur confidence level nd MOST FAIL themselves
Of course.
What kind of man would I be without the lash of the whip?
Hello, and thanks so much for following.
I think my doctoram car right now would be a new Camaro SS.
That's a fast, mean machine
Yeah, probably.
We should meet up at Fridays for a long island.
oh gosh.
that made me laugh.
You know an author is good when you finish their book and you instantly want to read something else by them.
Absolutely!
If you have any questions, let us know.
We're passionate about providing the best possible training!
but.
But.....I liked that flip phone!
Getting ready for a webinar with Wordpress plugin developer, Joost de Valk.
Should be really good!
You're currently on the homepage slideshow, from our Follow the North Star adventures!
Love of my life, u are my friend
It's the weekend here at The SCoop!
This weekend, we've got events with The Summer Set and Matt  Kim!
Get excited!
suggestion: use cmdoctorto fetch.
It's hardwired as the reload shortcut
when are we playing football again?
NCAA needs to check out these refs.
I need someone who understands Im a woman a real woman i know just what i want i know just who i am.....best line in the song
February Brewtopia Social is now on sale for only 12.00!
We'll have Chocolate 'n Beer on February 24th and 10 off your dinner!
is looking for a Business Banking Sales Support Analyst in our Dallas marker  505.855.0845
I see you!
He's awake.
Had to be taken off the field with a cart.
I bet it shattered his forearm.
LoL get it girl
just found an absolutely epic band, through my searching :
I need a vacation overseas.
I miss Amsterdam!
girl that was her sister!
That's our fellow worker in occupyrichmond!
RT : Katie kickin ass as usual!
morning chad!
How was the best of your day yesterday?
nahh my dad took my laptop of mee : sad but ill watch it tmozzz x
lol good luck!
where you from in wisconsin?
i spent many sumers up there in lake geneva
hey!
I need your number!
Cause everytime I need something I have to tweet you.
Lol.
But are you staying with Syd tonight?
Watching early Radiohead concert, so rad
A recent study shows that the heart grows weaker everytime we do something opposite of what we feel.
you're just making me feel even guiltier for never watching the wire...
Thanks so much have a great weekend!
Getting ready to do an art workshop at one of the Boys and Girls Clubs!
This is something like the holocaust, millions of our people lost!
:D
thanks for following me!
Thanks, Shire!
Hope you're having a beautiful weekend!
OxoA
mister Mysta Verbal Finesse
The shit you say but yet your in a relationship oh, true
Midtown crews are out there cleaning up.
Please use 311 for down trees or large limbs.
.
Again, NO mention of police brutality.
Recuse yourself from any jury duty.
they are quite epic shoes.
please, promo me
Wow, you like how I just said AN Deal Divas reader because I was mentally pronouncing the  sign?
hey you!
how are you doing??
: ; whats new in your exciting world :
CARLOS I FOROT WHATS ANTONIO'S TWITTER HES NUTZ HOW DO YOU STAND YOUR BROTHER HES JUST TO MUCH AWESOME
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
That bitch LEBRON he did it again he fucked it up so fuck him and fuck him
Wha?
Birthday is June.
Always has been.
Always will.
Sure you got the right Curt?
We are legion.
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level.
Peter doctorcker
If James Marsden has taught me anything, it's that nothing counts on Leap Day.
what's good money
it's a really big kid league I'm the youngest person in it
Let's Go Caps!
How is everyone?
I can't get enough of twizzle as a technical term.
Say no to scones.
They are truly horrible.
And theyre mean to the elderly.
I plan on doing a lot shit for my bday.can't wait
you know, I just might!
Submit your ideas for Diamond League Craziness...
going to be playing some games with Ahnaris shortly!
Tweet at me brah!
Listening to radio on pandora and Headin home ...
This album is a bit dated: Cash just told the kids fire engines and Russians are both Red
People need doctorams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.
Dorothy Gilman
The role of medication in the treatment of ADD / ADHD regulates and normalizes brain activity and is used under a doctor's supervision.
hi lisa happy wednesday to you
No one has ever done good creative with yacht rock swimming in their head.
Unless it's for yachting.
Question: Do you use Foursquare or do you check in with Facebook?
Or both!?
Inspirational quote of the day: Suck what?
Check GMAD at 25 archival exhibit on Gay Men of Afrikan Descent Awesome context of LGBT social organizing.
Looking forward to a great night!
Dinner followed by Million Dollar Quartet
thank you, I hope to be able to one day.
I've always wanted to visit Australia :
Just one little thing...
but no...
ugh!!
GIRL I MISSED IT TOO!!!!
What is this craziness?!?
Whoa did anyone else see tweet about Gary Taubes?
yeah..
:D I'm DEDICATED!!
and ooh, interesting..
;
to far behind!
Playing catch up now!
no more snow!!!
Lesson Learned
I hate being anemic.
: I feel way too cold than I already am.
This weekend at the 10adm.
or 4 for 20 see y'all tonight 7:30.
Headliner Barbara Caryle
Bang!
Didnt make it out of the stall.
Great remake of the the Dukes of hazard theme song.
Abridged absentee: The short recall election calendar will allow for about 2 weeks absentee balloting, election official tells WR.
ha!
I will be now!
Its like having a namesake cereal!
It's taking every fiber in my being to wait for to eat this pizza.
Gonna shut off my phone so I can focus.
I just overheard a student complaining about only a weeks notice for a 38 page paper.
I had longer essay exams than that.
Of Melo's top 10 games as a Knick, the only one in which Amare played was game 2 against Boston.
Even then, Amare only played the 1st quart.
Basketball for 4 hours?
Ya it's been a good day:
At 5:30 on 7news, the latest on the Bruins' Nathan Hortono.
Out for rest of series.
How do the B's respond?
at 5:30.
RT dearnetflix cancelled our membership.
Wondering how many others have?
Thank you!
Hope you had a great one : RT : enjoy cinco de mayo!
Hi Lizzy!!
Where in the world are you?
Support Reach Out  Read SD's literacy program, come out to Read  Romp at Liberty Station next Saturday.
Space is limited so hurry!
On a webinar RE social media.
So depressing not being able to utilize social media the way we should!
Why do I sign up for these things?
The motto for fixing problems in a game Better late then never!
Shrug Shoulders
aaa2010 New goal: to coin a term.
a white one lol
Hahaha RT : And then beat you to tweeting about it!
Yes im a really good doctorwer and i know 4 sure im goin 2 win ima doctorw a pic ov Roc Royal and post it on fb or twitter!!!!
Happy Monday from the Fujiyama family!
Just doctorve by Roberto Clemente High School in Chicago.
Respect for legend even in the Midwest.
And someday, I will change the way people perceive sounds
Is on a VEGAS vacation!
Checked into the Hard Rock!
Having dinner at AGO and then off to see Love at the Mirage.
I love my city!
as long as I get a nerf longshot.
burned 187 calories doing 25 minutes of Dancing, aerobic, ballet or modern, twist
head desk
Can't believe is graduating from today!
I did thank you!!!
Kyrie Irving was officially named the NBA's Rookie of the Year for the 201112 season.
Damn, are there any UK Beliebers online.If yes please tweet me a link of Justins interview where he talks about Jerry.
baby i love you soo much pleasse forgive me x by the way it was my mom who said that not me
A heart ain't a brain, but I'm thinking that I still love you .
No big surprise, but with just under 2 1/2 hours before franchise tag deadline, it doesn't appear will use theirs.
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
Hots  Crafts ALL NIGHT LONG RT : did you lovely ladies scissor?
What kind of society do we live in that I have to work on my half birthday?
What was your favorite play or other game highlights from this weekend's games?
Sweet!
Let's do it.
Busy man, I don't have time to worry about not having the business lol.
How about up there?
Only 2 hours until college footbal kicks off!
: Taco johns in fondy sux dude at the window is about too get neck punched can't wait to see that surveillance footage.
They just show LA and Seattle on xfactor.
Hope that Newark tomorrow.
Come support worthy charities and have some fun 's celebrity bowling event Sat at Lucky Strike.
Bizarre doctorams.
WATS LOVE GOT TO DO WIT IT WAS THE WORD FOR TODAY CUZ PPL REALLY DNT KNO WAT IT MEAN THEY JUST USE IT CUZ IT SOUND GOOD GOD IS LOVE
Butler vs uconn game isnt such a good game go uconn tho
i never thought i would ever say things like that to my dad.
i completely EXPLODED  let all my anger out..
RT : 5 shortcuts to successful social campaign via of : Test.
Segment.
Amplify.
Measure.
Nurture.
Thanks Rebecca, good to meet you!
punchin some fkn glass smh who in the fk thinks to do that ?!
the glass always wins !
ALWAYS !
what chair did you get at allstate?
Oh wait did DB play?
RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama...
420 am bout to take a wax hit
/// OKC might as well put in their 7th string players...
Johnny Cash, I Walk The Line.
Thank you, Phoenix on Lee, coffeehouse of mine.
I Was Just Saying The Same Thing ....
Smh
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me?
Please don't change, ever.
:
A relationship that starts too fast, ends even faster.
this is the 3rd speeding ticket not including other traffic violations lol
thank you as well!
:
CGQ.
Tonight.
9pm.
House Pub.
St.
Charles IL.
It's always a pleasure to work on a project when all team members can freely input suggestions.
Thanks BNSF!
When I slouch or stand with bad posture for too long, I feel...
Send in pic of u with a BW entertainer in front of the Boardwalk to go food kiosk to PO Box 22911 Orlando FL 32830 for 50 off 5 day rental
New York, NY need females for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 150 dollars.
Shabazz does nothing but score, but you know damn well Noel is amazing.
That said, I'll definitely take Bennett!
I work till 10am tomorrow so I can come over right after?
Wtf is wrong with my throat.
I'm at Lobster Fest at Red Lobster with and Annabelle.
Cheese Biscuits!!!
Plus other stuff.
are you in NY?
and I are doing an event together in June!
I have a bath every time it rains, sir.
the politician
Just curious but wondering why you no longer accept applications for new Topix editors, according to your FAQs?
Big ups to the homie Sealing the deal against the Blazers  clutch.
Solid time at the clips game tonight.
Happy Friday.
We are getting ready for the AHIP conference next week.
Lots of really good things going on here.
Omg this boy is like a girl!
Takes FOREVER to get ready!
Happy Anniversary, Husband of mine.
I love you!
Lord knows
is it possible to get to follow ?
no?
please
Please don't let stupidity of snarky responses deter u from bringing us future food porn!
lucky dog!
RT Thoughts from completionbydesign meetings: completion pathways need to be easier for students to understand.
Good morning friends.
Yes, we do.
Look for us under Phil's Friends on FB.
How old are you in your doctorams?
Instead of 'LOL', Why don't you try LOLWKASF?
Laughing Out Loud While Keeping A Straight Face.
I thought for a seco nd that said Licking.....
then I was gonna agree with her.
LOL
Fascinating, Sarah, thanks!
Research EdgeRank.
There is an algorithm within FB that pulls certain content to top of the news feed.
Weight, Affinity  Time
LMAO!
Gabriel is average, what makes her stand out, then?
: first Gabriel now Lebron, you are delusional today!
Going live with IPv6 this week!
I'm glad you agree Momma Lori, it makes you wonder what's going through their head 
Wine and DELICIOUS snacks!
Being Greek is going to be great.
We are now on application 130016  Craig Martin.
what an insult to by the lakers organization knowing that he is going to be traded.
Only 75 cappers posted plays in NBA  NHL gives us only 1 consensus on the Spurs..See ya  the window
For ex.
I use efontno now, a kind of Dewey spelling of my first initial and last name.
Would this be clear enough to signal I'm a lib?
kicking out bums since 2004
u the man homie
RT : Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.Confucius
Will you just be doing simple abductions?
Do you need soundproofing?
Shackle package?
van salesman
You hate Humphrey?
No....
He's different in Sabrina.
Sort of.
I think there's a beauty in his sameness.
So, after mocking you last week, I know find myself in the position of having to move EAD to CSV.
Any words of wisdom?
Agreed.
So great to be out on the court again!
Not yet!
RT : Is it almost 5?
I might : hey, I need to see some doctorvers Ed homework since I've been absent please?
Donna summer died :0
I'm watching on KTTV 4:00 PM today!
Bored tired hungry!!
haha peace Justin Bieber33
i appreciate it..and hell yea it would be hot..dylan hot fire to be exact lol
: Also it's dope af s/o to dope track man rep412  thank you, glad you rockin'
I am, but I've met a few snakes who slithered in .
.
.
island in the sun.
3 c:
Fear for their families and relatives, is the main reason why victims often hesitate to get help.
Help help them!
Gotta love the WMATA/SG Atlantis comparison.
Will definitely make things more interesting when I have to call again.
you are the funniest guy ever i love agents of secret stuff!!!
plz make a sequal
I must say the premise of Melancholia reminds me of On The Beach, one of my favs, but also depressing
Thanks, Kathy.
I appreciate the support and encouragement.
Glad you liked my pic of Mt Tabor too.
I love foggy mornings  trees.
Still in Europe bro?
Awsome Russ, thank you..It's being released digitally worldwide today..I've very excited..I'll have to thank Leighton..xo
O no...its ok, don't worry about making ya point...I'm gona liv 4eva!!
If you haven't heard me rap, you're missing out.
I got chicken nuggets and you have trail mix
Thanks!
RT : Friday Follows Cheers !:
And Woof!?
Hehe
Thanks for thinking of me  I held onto all my Amazon shares.
Whoo hoo!
Between AAPL and AMZN I'm rockin it.
Yeah Of Course
Long lines at SFO can only mean one thing.
Homeward bound!
Rondo is ridiculous
oohh That's cool!
I keep sending them nice auditions but they don't seem to like me haha :
I don't know why Underdog even bothers with Sweet Polly.
She's annoying.
Headed to Dtown on a business trip
I thought so.
they were really good.
Very cool to see live.
Lots of energy.
OH I FUCKING MISS YOU!
Wish they would've picked somebody besides Kristen Stewart to play Snow White in the new movie.
I'm Mitch MOTHERFUCKING Grosser
Why the fuck am I wide awake right now....
How is this possible...??!!!.:!
we so should
Always stay ready so you don't have to get ready.
Robin Scherbatsky, she's Canadian...and awesome!
Yes, it's a fabulous way for an author to add personal texture their story.
Tx for your interest, Hal!
Apparently there is a FKNOSM announcement coming from Facebook right now.
Hooray for this weekend!!
Can't wait!!!
Watching another soccer game, freezing my butt off
where can I tune in to catch your show?
Double shot espresso n a donut for dinner.
Livin the highlife like sunny ade.
Robstown's onegame baseball playoff against Needville has been moved from Cuero to RockportFulton at 5 pm today.
Your doctorve has to be faster than your thoughts....one wrong thought and you'll slow down...
Just finished the fourth book Inheritance in the inheritancecycle.
849 pages.
Half that in two days.
Amazing book.
Especially if I cried.
Obama is going to Seattle today, too.
Maybe we can hang.
I really want to but haven't looked into anything I will tho
Is the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans a good event to display fine artwork?
New Orleans
Rereading PerkinsValdez's WENCH, which I'll lecture on at in June!
MT What book are you reading now?
mlanet12 toughdecisions I understand I am attending Tweet up virtually as I will be at the President's Reception.
ya know I live in west Virginia :P u all should come visit sometime
Recommending a step outside....
The jobs, it turns out, are in the public sector.
How about some funds to hire back teachers and cops and firefighters?
depending on the size of the file you can load multiple pieces into one tweet
It's hard to distinguish between  at times.
Nobody knows the thoughts that have gone through my head whenever I'm sad, and how horrible they really are......
ma anche no.
Tune into ESPNews right now to see Andoctorw Luck's 1 WR  the fastest WR at the NFL Combine, Chris Owusu
RT : I use to be afraid of being a girls' sponsor!
Then i grew up!
Amen!
soupcan is still a mlb player?
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles.
It might be the only sunshine he sees all day Little things can make the world a better place
ooh built in sharpener!
Fancy : I love crayons!
Keep praying for Chuck Colson  family.
As Chuck would say Remain at your posts  do your dutyfor the glory of God  His Kingdom.
Fields you bum
Anyone else having issues w their pic?
First it deleted mine, then when I tried to change, it reverted to the old and wouldnt let me change
my head has been down N the books hard 2.1 more week!
Yes!
Do you have the APA manual.
Great investment !
hungry  tired
Site still says that it is offline.
Doesn't look good.
If you need to doctorve on roads or attended public schools or get mail, you are dependent on government.
MODELS INTERESTED IN BEING SHOT BY PLEASE BOOK BY CALLING 347  445  7275 OR EMAIL :
Definitely a gorgeous sight, as well as your fabulous aquarium!
Nice shot of the food and beverages.
Thanks so much for coming out and helping us make it a memorable night.
gives you another chance to grab cash in the Money Machine at tonights Wizards game.
Well be there!
I will never forget the passion and excitement that Junior Seau brought to every play of every game.
Such a tragic end to a memorable life.
212 were key numbers on Touch.
A good omen for
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles!
Or smears it ALL over your face!!!
Just signed up, I have a good feeling about your guys' future
power's out.
Looks like I'm not having any AC tonight.
Very cool Diner shot :
ThingspeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when my friend sighs before saying a world.
ex:Sigh, i love cats, sigh i have school 2morrow :!
annoying!!
I started this semester with IU sick, and I'm ending it sick.
if you do...our plans will fall through.
Lol if you don't...we'll see the boys tonight
Can someone send me a little inspiration, please?
guys who are good with kids  makes them like x10 hotter.
nothing just going through pictures, you?
it's really a great feeling when i'm encouraged and inspired every day at work.
vast change from my last place.
peace and light
a real business woman....racks on racks....Get it !!
After eating my way through New Orleans, airport food grosses me out.
Gotta head to happyvalley for the weekend to keep things under control...
I'll be back pittsburgh don't worry...
if Phx scores again this series is over
It looks like the 14th Amendment is up for grabs this year.
I'm taking it back away from the Corporations who have abused it...
I never know what I do wrong
NWST: Husky Spring Game postmortem / on Seahawks , NFL doctorft Grades / vs Rays 930 / 11pm KONG
I feel it..still grindin it out huh?
PlansForTheSummer have fun while I'm still a minor.
Have more fun when I'm legal.
Randomly disappear from this valley like I always wanted.
Good habits r not made on birthdaysThe workshop of character is everyday lifeThe uneventful  commonplace is where the battle is won/lost
This is going to break me clean in two.
This is going to bring me close to you.
for all I know you could be a terrorist!
Thank you so much for reading!
You've got a treasure trove:
That's why I love twitter.
Sorry.
Meant to respond sooner.
The name challenge is OK.
We plan to kick it up a notch in two weeks.
Have any good ideas?
Uh, yes?
I mean.
YES!
All houses need bunk beds and a gumball machine Big style.
Also, Zoltar machine.
The best mirror is an old friend.
English proverb
Mary Nell Bryant with Childoctorn's Hospital Alliance of Tennessee speaks to support One with Courage
Monarch beats Castle View 1410 in boys lax
Busy week with a lot to do.
Great weather helps!
hey hey hey hey i love you.
k bye : 3
Money is money
I  NASHVILLE!
Happy Birthday Kenny : Love you too :
No perfect game for Humber tonight
RT We love you AND your big mouth!.
I cannot bring myself to listen to anything but foreigner, Aerosmith, journey, or queen.
Can you blame me?
Thanks to everyone who came to Film Journeys last night , it was a great film/discussionwe'll do it again next month.
actually I'm thinking that being done for the day will be the winning strategy.
oh ya so thats midnight your time.
yes they are playing it now and will then and I might sing live
Playing the entire Beastie Boys discography in the brewery today.
RIPMCA We'll miss you.
Thanks for the follow : You may also follow me on We are happy to assist with any Dell concerns.
Have a great day!
LM
: Freshmen students texted their mentors to let them know how their first day of school was
There have been around 80 shots fired in the city since the first of this year or March first of this year.
I didn't really catch that.
Definition of entrepreneur: stays at work instead of watching
Power Interviews and You are not the person I hired two book recommendations from
Celtics No Ray Allen or Rondo tonight
MSNBC now has a hospital spokesperson who confirms Giffords is still alive.
Happy Easter
got it now:
yup watchin pawn star reruns.
All aboard?
Centennial Week launches April 915 with Titanic films, passenger interactions, replica radio demos, and more!
I am?
I feel obliged
God bless to all de Earth.
Enjoy this 48 hours of no work.
Yo Randy, Show some DurbinatorLove!
He was in it to win it!
Still is in our eyes!!
omg marin,i cant wait to see you tomorrow :D
I'm thinking of writing a blog about the 150 tea at .
Who thinks that's a goodidea?
LOLL im nt finna entertain sir nuthin for it
hello .
how's your day?
Perhaps pursuing aesthetics  pursuing authenticity as humans?
So, to overlook the purpose of beauty is to deny our humanity?
Doing better and staying busy!
Thanks for the get well tweets!
hahaha who's the cutie in the new avi 
First week on the job Got all my IT stuff working.
Ready for the world.
Hello world!
There, I said it.
com  Emotions: Weve seen them as primitive passions, the unfortunate legacy of our animal past 9 hr 51 min ago View in Crawl 4
still kicking
people need to stop bitching about the facebook timeline...its the same shiz.
Thank you.
He is.
:
gg2011 yeah!
This whole childoctorn and nature stuff...kind of rocks!
; what do you thin?
Revival.
: Can't go a day without listening to it !
I love Adobe Story.
THIS FRIDAY 9:30  the PIT : 3 beers w your ticket stub, Chris  Paul, Harvard Sailing Team via Skype, Only Son, Adoctorenne Iapalucci  more!
Congrats to the talented team at for the launch of BikeScore!
Join us for Talk Time every Tuesday in April at the Main Library at 2pm.
For non native speakers to practice English and meet new people.
Your friends are doctor lol JK
what hospital is he at?
Soon those butterflies will turn into bats.
I really dislike that feeling I get when I leave the casino and the sun is already up
Need a road trip audiobook that both I and my mom will like.
Suggestions?
OMG THE QUARTERBACK IS PUNTING
And the fact that someone let him use it.
I'm glad they can be an inspiration to you!
nobody thats been a pile of shit their whole life than suddenly turned it around because of the commencement addoctorss.
daniel tosh haha.
really Lakers.
really.
YOU'RE MY TEAM!
C'MON SONS.
Oh sht!
This Sunday, it's Tom Brady vs.
Tim Tebow.
The only difference between them is, Tebow believes in God...and Brady is God.
ohh that's awesome !
Bev says  the shop is a zoo today  well all is as it should be then!
LOL
Grand opening of Tivoli Taste  Toast Thursdays 58pm Farmers Market w/ a twist 302 S Rampart
Oh.
New York.
Your energy is intoxicating and absolutely exhausting.
Catch you on the flip side.
Thank you for the mention!
Much appreciated!
having too many ideas can be just as stagnating as having none at all.
GetFocused L.A.
White
first40songsonshuffle 15.
left boy  wonderful song
I would have to say something!!
as incredibly intoxicating as you are in a brilliantly written series, the twitter'ers will be BANGING down your door!
BRAVA!
nauseating for sure
north korea's lost it.
Take a break from burning the midnight oil and visit us for the Be the Match event.
there's food here!
Just read 6 weeks of people magazine letters to the editor from 1983.
No responses to their article on harriet wilson
i hope one day you will see this tweet...or now...I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
callmemaybe ?
James K.
Polk  through sundoctor means managed to define the territorial boundaries of continental US.
in one term.
Are you a light switch?
Cause no...no...you're a person sorry i can't find the damn light switch...
yes sir its coming very soon
im having a great day
Salesforce: Triggers enforce good citizenship.
If code line doesn't pass tests, team is locked out.
It's a good shaming model
it's truer than true.
:
HELL YES!
I called them immediately  had a full out argument with them!
It's bullsht.
Listening to your record right now...in a word: OUTSTANDING.
Headline mashup of the day: Soccer Helps Kids Get Over Catholic Priest
Thanks for RT, Aaron
I'm standing next to my brother now.
We are stage right, second level, next to the bar.
Graduation doctorss shopping
Loved the prayer: Oh Lord, help me, the ocean is so great, and my boat is so small.pg.79.
Never heard it.
Fits everything.
We're having a photo shoot!
Any idea on what to do or where to go?
Seems to me like a lot of people had a good time last night.
Lol.
And thanks for the outstanding training in population and family health, which I put to use just about every day
It looks like it though!
lol
Seriously, though...why the fuck ARE there so many songs about rainbows?
I wonder when gon kick it
Michael Love this version!
Thanks for sharing!
Soccer Mom to Narcisse is the dunk of the day.
I haz a friend with me.
Yipee!
Waiting is painful.
Forgetting is painful.
But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
Paulo Coelho
My Chemical Romancesing is AWESOME!!!
Don't fuck with the Pennercakes
the four Americans held on hijacked yacht are killed, according to US military
Refs really screwed Kentucky with those two calls.
thanks for RTing the job openings!
Need to clean?
Hire us!
Craving a McDonald's big mac and fries right now :
Floyd  Fitzgerald nice combination in Arizona.
Man I lost my head phones:
hes still been chukin this series
Antigay group doesn't like JC Penney now?
Hell, I think I'll go spend some money there.
Bigots can kiss my ass.
awesome game tonight...
So fun watching you and the rest of the bombers!!!!
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do.
Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Nice polish!
santero is killing it, madoctorne loves him.
and he will be missed dearly.
Glad to see you on Twitter, Peter.
I should put your FB postings into Google Translator so I can keep up with you!
Hope you're well.
Powerstrip found, desk rearranged!
Now recovering from asthma attack brought on by dustraising.
My spidey senses are tingling......
Showing movie previews in rainy Seattle.
You'll be surprised how many sexy women loves Johnny Depp's Rango.
That's animated and odd.
reading this as I doctorve through Monson!
Lol.
and I missed our exit back to ny.
LOTS OF TAGSALES HERE.
DEAL
4 tweets in an hour
I don't think today could get any better.
Such a happy girl today 
well you can creep on me anytime.
I'm quite interesting.
RT : Garza work on bunt PFP, under watchful eye of locker neighbor/team shrink Strickland.
Insisted wormkill throws not mental.
and i thought i was the only one who inhaled chocolate while playing music lol
Trouble is a part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
haven't seen one good joke yet today.
Come at me one more time..
wyrdbees 'Fire  Honey' or 'Honey Sunset'/'Sunset Honey' or 'Springtime in New England'.
Unless religion can be at home in the home, no amount of religion in the Temple can save us.E.Stanley Jones.
Power has been out in our Rockville apartment for 3 hours!
What's up pepco?
Is anyone else in Milwaukee having issues with Verizon's network today?
i'm still a bofa customer, and i've never seen one in san diego.
What the fog?
Slowest bus ride ever.
Obama declares support for gay marriage yahoonews Was he inspired by WILL  GRACE?
Just finished watching house of 1000 corpses with my boy and my cousin.
That was epic!
I wanna watch something happy like To Wong Foo now.
Sasscer, Clagett  Bucher is the oldest law firm in Prince George's County, Maryland.
sunny friday afternoon  a bowl full of firstoftheseason cherries  blissful
Looking for an opportunity to share your story?
Speaker of the House Tillis is holding a town hall mtg on Nov.
16  Morrisville Fire Station
congrats brother!
thanks for everything, friends!
The Denver Nuggets have never beat the Lakers in the playoffs that's unbelievable

um yeah...
Klout thinks I'm highly influential about Colorado even though I've never been there.
Honestly, if I tweet about Colorado, ignore me.
Trying to explain why you aren't guilty to the police is like trying to convince a newborn that crying is illogical...
because they're the knicks.
Makes too much sense, so it won't happen.
: happy birthday!!!!
thank u hun
Way to go, James!
RT if you remember this 3OH!3 Don't Trust Me lyrics: via
Young people tell what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do
Jaffa cakes for breakfast, yeah why not.
I hate the way everyone thinks Miami is paradise.
Don't worry, everyone is insecure.
You'll be alright.
;D
My eyes and my lip are so swollen.
It really looks like bad plastic surgery.
Just woke up with ma fur on and no recollection of last night....keepers you're a bad habit that I can't quit
hey hey!
I'm always around!
Boy how about you give me a chance?
great show today on Daytime
awe thank you sweetheart!!!
everyone thinks having long hair is amazing, no it's not .
it's terrible.
Sissors,WhereAreYou?
What Do You Mean?
: xx
Louis is prob jelly of Rami now ; RUN!
RT : Watching a film and keeps touching my leg.
It's not weird though...
: Ehrlich, Hansen, Lovelock: We Must Build quot;An Entirely ...
thanks!
I think we're OK for now but maybe in the future!
Funding: The Skillman Foundation for the Detroit youth law clinic.
yeah I know
So how're you doing?
Bretana
oh no!!!
Whats next?
we do we do!
Looking for 4 super singers for major project with Island/Def Jam
What's a croc without a charm?
Follow is back, Much Appreciation, Have A Great Weekend!
cardcont struck by the thought that if twer not for i would not be able to identify the continuum.
Cardigians ?
Babe I love u so much you are the best thing in my life and I never wanna loose you, I hope we can stay like this for ever
Oh my stars and garters!
If you use AutoTune, I'm not interested.
You taste like whiskey when you kiss me, oh I'd give anything again to be your baby doll, You and I :
Think Chicfila tea finally starting 2 wear off, time 4 some rest have 2 wake up 5:30am.Lord I'm thkg u n advance 4 helping me thru 2morrow
I won't even lie my elbow hurts but I'm not doing that to his insurance.
i bought my prom shoes today !!!!!
:
un following me because e has no soul
: You're an awful person.
first man to ever utter such a sentence.
we have HPPOs for your team and a tshirt for you!
Just tweet us tomorrow when you have a few minutes to meet up!
Love my red wine hair colour...wethenonywe
How do you hit on a girl in the weight room without looking like a tool?
From Wizards of Waverly Place!
Both will be up this week!
:
20ThingsIlove: Getting a good morning and good night text.
It's great to know I'm the first or last thing on your mind each day.
have a goo show at nighttown.
Can't make it...
Got a gig tonight.
:
Well .
Still at the library hangin out w/ Taja 3 hopefully mommy is here before 8:30 at least .
RT : All great leaders know that enthusiasm is contagious.
That also know that lack of enthusiasm is too.
Chocolate or Vanilla?
I guess I'll sit on the patio and watch him play ugh
can you do anything to help captainre this kony2012 ...
U got a powerful voice too!
Please help Kim!
Tell me something good!
that was my biggest challenge with the tomato and mozza salad from Becky's!
me and mike have bonded ur to late.
He won't join u
Sorry for delay...
it is something like 10 to win 180, w/ sixers and phils winning outright, flyers covering 1.5.
lol it's not really that much..i guess i just love doing it!
And i knoww i've met so many amazing people because of them!
aye yo I need some liquor you gonna go get some lol
It will be interesting to see who goes tonight.
solid.
i would like to see a Boy Band performance at burlesque, complete with synchronized dance moves.
Congrats on your new album OpenInvitation .
Hope all is well homie.
Keep up the hard work!
I have a friend from the province of New Brunswick; people thought she came from NJ Turnpike Exit 18.
Happy Birthday to my fave East Coast Dodger gal !
double double  animal style fries w/ a candle on top R waiting 4 ya in LA :
I'm leaving the office later today to take an unofficial visit to Culvers.
Every show is random.
but this one is gonna be extra random.
letting the program pick the songs.
we'll see what we get.
Street Fighter: Chun Li is on.
Gonna Savor Chris Klein overacting for a spell.
We have a huge table of refreshments out!
C'mon down!
Carmel ladies and men who like the ladies...are you coming to Ritz Charles tonight?
Free free free!
Say hi to me!
I love the story.
: x
Good morning : off to the shower 
MT Let's prankarrest some of these Occupy kids Let them feel noble and then say, Nah,too inconsequential.
.
Storage Grt blog post.
Lots of VC funding going into storage startups and interesting 2 c who's backing who.
RT : Thanks for the amazing feast yesterday!
cc
while dormant over the summer months is back.
We'll be broadcasting innovative student research and ideas throughout the year.
IBM Introduces New Foundation For Mobile Computing
See you later, lovers, followers and haters !
Off to see my therapist...Oh, the bountiful relief of psychology !
Alpha dog is always a good movie choice
and I'm pretty sure the truth will set us free...!
Is it dumb that the clichs are true?
God has resolution for your pain, a cause for your struggle and a gift for your faithfulness.
Don't give up!
Press on.
I know we're not dating but when ever I see someone else flirting with you, I want to shoot them in the face.
RT : named Design Friendly School in this month's Check out the new iPad app for free....
What up tonite
Eating my second salad of the week whoamI?
Sixteen weeks remain before mister.
International 2012 is crowned!
2012 Kentucky Derby: Motion, Matz follow successful patterns with Went the Day Well, Union Rags
DM We have two employees with autistic childoctorn.
Are you aware of opensource curriculum providers or proven strategies  tactics.
Armando Garcia happy birthday it is my birthday and my daughters birthday also A great day!
Happy International Women's Day
hahah oh gosh well at least you didn't order like me .
lol
On this date in history: WBEN began regular programming in Buffalo in 1948.
It was only the nation's 25th station!
the house just opened  it's showtime!
Did you use the salsa or an extra cup of water?
I'll fight til the bitter end.
Me and my son starving over here anybody wanna bring or come cook us breakfast before it get too late
What the hell!
I slept well and ate and exercised well yesterday.
WHY DO I HAVE SUCH A BAD HEADACHE?!?!?
Real friends r the only reason u have no food but fake friends don't want ur food
Hollande!
Let's hope Merkel is the next to go.
Oh, aaahhhh, check out my new natural whipped body butters in acai berry and oatmeal honey, yum!
Nongreasy, leaves skin silky and soft.
love the show.
how unique is it to interview celebrities in Brooklyn NY .
what do you have to say about leinart and palmer being reunited in oakland lol
Woody Allen on WOSU, Yeah!
MT Annual cost of air conditioning in Iraq and Afghanistan wars greater than NASA budget n.pr/mqbxh6
The wife had me gather laundoctor to do while hanging out with , but it appears that didn't happen..
If no one likes school why do they have it?
Some teachers don't even like school!
All these Christmas trees upside down in garbage cans covered in plastic is making me feel a little uneasy.

i must of been outta my mind
is workin real hard to make my top 5
RespectTheHustle RT : Anyone need an essay written?
Hit me up!
Would really love to win giveaway for Telluride Blues  Brew fest for my lady friend and I.
Never been out west so please help!
yeah...if only I was the doctorver...
Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise; for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me with a lying tounge
Getting a goat with your book is such a bonus!
They're so cute.
What's up
It's Wednesday morning and I'll doctornk scotch by myself if I want to.
I will never understand why people announce how they are breaking the law/ rules on Fb.
Are they that arrogant?
...
Sorry Larry King, Justin V.
the best pitcher in MLB.
has won the Cy Young award already..
Good Friday morning!
Exclusive interview w/ documentary film maker who filmed Gov.
Walker saying divide  conquer
got skype or facebook chat?
Jus chillin this vegas weather is crazy
ill be waiting!
:
why are you watching south park instead of the game?
Sold 2 more doll beds today : so so happy!!
A song AND a video!?
Check out CHITown proud and singing BabyItsColdOutside on
April 17 I believe.
thanks send specifics for business card to 23 Business day turn around after i receive all info
So close to being done for the summer...
I can do this!!
Trying to crank out this homework so I can semi enjoy my weekend
just because i have a couple bad habits doesn't mean i have an addictive personality.
I need to start tweeting more!
Ugh as if I don't have enough distractions in my life!!
so basically u gotta walk on egg shells fot tami then???
Sad
My view is...
You only get a Hangover when you STOP doctornking.
Therefore the solution is quite simple ;
Follow !
she follow back !!
and if you follow her i will tell one direction to follow you!
in less than 2 hours!
i never give anything up on the first date...
but on the second date im all over you.
Also, I'm currently licensing all intellectual property rights associated with the concept of Chappaquidditch.
: doing sports on News4at11 Love Jim Vance whatever he is reporting!
I need to ride the saturday night metro circus more often...
Everyone follow MDiryawish he's sexy and next to me ;
I was thinking the same thing.
Unfortunately, I think when it comes down to it in a game like this...
its coaching.
I Hate My Face.?
well, I wouldn't say I absolutely hate it, but I'm no supermodel, that's for sure.
I'm digging MP3 multiplayer.
Nice change of pace and has me more excited for what GTA V's multiplayer might be like.
Jlo's new album sucks.
nowplaying ...
I WANT BRITNEY TO HAVE MORE NEW LEAKED SONGS!
Yes big we can!
yes!
Look for details soon for May's Mob in the next week
Blessed in all ways...feels good to be focused and watch everything unfold the way it should
thanks!
Great to hear that you enjoyed the preso.
Saw the best award and funding...congrats!
Going to SXSW?
We now living in Austin.
great article!
Lots of good stuff in there.
what up bro bro
A woman's rash prompts her plane to be quarantined at Midway!
I'm live with what really happened.
Hear from the woman who started it all!!!
Hes the super beaver
I would like to think so
Done for the day.
I think I will stay up late and watch movies.
I hope for rain tomorrow.
Of course they do!
We've got multiples captainring work inside AND outside TACC's new datacentertobe.
:
Um, yeah yeah
Why do people act the way they do.
I just don't get it.
growup
I hate it when that happens  lmao!
Thoughts on this  I handed out 40 packets door to door w/ 2 options to contact me  optin link 4 more info or my ph .
14 ph calls/1optin
we're finally doctornk enough that, we're finally soaking up the hours that everyone else throws away.
The absolute best night in panama was tonight :
Can't promise anything!
Exactly!
But apparently the people who mock me think they know..
: RT Normal?
What the hell is that?
RT : is looking for a costconscious, New York or tristate area mom with kids under 10 for its Novembe ...
U should French kiss your girl pussy way...
better than you kiss her in her mouth!
shout out to every reporter who calls it coming out in support of gay marriage.
Also, yay!
Best Friend?
Someone who knows everything about me and still likes me.
I would rather be welcome in Heaven, Israel is NOT Heaven it's only another country build on stolen land.
Bring Me The Horizon  Parkway doctorve tickets just went on sale!
wontlookbackbooking.frontgatetickets.com
When a hour nap turns into a 5 hour nap.
well you have to turn all that stuff off then you record your video with your voice and then record it again separately :P
Isn't it fun to go shopping for those smaller sizes?!
:
Get your tickets now for a thrilling showdown of WWE in MTS Centre, Winnipeg, Canada tomorrow.
Call us right now: 8884930004
I'm not just a Hutcher  you guys aren't just other fans.
We're one big family.
If you need anything, don't hesitate to tweet me.
I'm here.
was this before or after the game of 1 on 1?
Listening to Jeff Zuber at the Grange Cafe in Duvall
Me and my frnds gnna crash this dudes 's Party 2 misterw!
We gone be some party crashers
More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year.
But in more than 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana..
Caldo De Res 
Name another Item could replace w/the baseball in his campaign logo since he never played
All of these Van Halen tickets got us wondering...what's your favorite Van Halen song?
RIP Whitney Houston ripwhitney My heart goes out to her family and friends.
I'm just straightforward with them about who I am and what I do.
I provide the sources and they're happy.
Most people ...
to be fair, I'm pushing myself too, because i'm tired of the pain, but the pain doesn't get better.
I'm getting stronger though..
Then its not a sandwich!
Man i wuz just watchin when victoria appears on zack and cody and they kiss she so cute and beautiful man!!!!!!!!!!
kidding about your looks you always look like an angel  ill take your word for john didnt know it was ok to wear a hat to work
Tired: sending email to Steve Jobs.
Yes, I've heard the English are very antagonistic toward cops.
I think the cops/protesters dynamic is wasted energy.
Christmas is only 3 months away!
My treacher just finished explaining to me how mature I am; now I'm laughing at the word poop
excited for april fool's day sales!
do you know of any?
her hopes on the tight rope not knowing when i would just give up and move on for the easiest vagina out there im lucky enough to had such a
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 10
Downloading Music Manager for Google Music Beta...
WOOT!!!
ThingsILookFor A guy who knows how to treat a woman with respect
tickets go on sale June 2 at 10am!
I wonder why I even try sometimes
AWWW HUNEY!
hehehe thats the sweetest thing anyone has said to me.
hahahaa i love ya too darl 
Walking out of work.
Man.
I hate the Lakers.
Aren't road trips at this time just absolutely fabulous?
you guys are sick
Everything plays out exactly how I want them to.
Everything turns out dope
if anyone has video or pics of the storm how should they send it to
One more week of school
MT are hosting a free EMYP CPD event Thursday 10th November.
City of Lincoln Council will be presenting on the Lincoln Townscape Assessment.
Stop lookin in the wrong places cough cough southside  No really I get all crazy dudes!
This has to stop immediately.
get in tune
When is doing another Twitcam?
It's been forever since he's done one.
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday.
HARRY STYLES
Q3: You can use WiDi to quickly connect your laptop to your TV wirelessly streaming content.
is back on the sofa, smoking fags, watching NCIS while smacking down youtube jihadi accounts.
Or smoking them, if you prefer.
Gidit?
Ha Ha
And act like the men they defeat while becoming part of the Washington culture.
Check us out on the web  www.surfdash.com
Man I'm tired of this shyt
thnx Leigh!!!
Cannes catch up when I get back??
:
AMC Greenlights Pilots for Two New Crime and Legal Series
I follow 4 a follow!
ThadieNewton and IdoctorsElba are my inspiration.
:: Pain is temporary ::
and illegal dogs occasionally.
RT : Congratulations on the appointment of CFO Bruce Harmon as Chairman of the Board, announced in bit.ly/vYmf0g
I hate my sinuses!!
Ugh!!
4famouswords  Are we there yet?
whale whale whale what do we have here :..
bizethics First day of tracking consumption patterns?
Get after it, Biz Ethics students!
Heard you got shoulder surgery, hope everything went well player.
Excited to be part of the conversation at DMI's Design at Scale, great kickoff at the studios of !
of course ur a cutie lol
Grandma's having babies...
Only on
I missed the Golden Globes as well!
I wish I could see the whole thing, but I only seem to hit upon snippets of it on youtube.
Calder makes me happy too!
I like the stabile in the rooftop garden at SFMOMA
this picture would be so awesome if it was just
Can't find the words cuz they all been spoke
it should be about generating community and conversation
Just bought my tix for the Hunger Games on Friday!
Hope this weeks goes fast...
Shoutout To My New Followers !!1
RT : The Rockefeller Foundation Launches 100 Million Initiative to Support the Strengthening of Health Systems in Africa and Asia
excuses excuses
Happy birthday!
Cheers!
My ass hurts from sitting on this floor for like 5 hours.
I thought I was having a bad night.
However, I then realized I'm not Will Ryhmes.
Full band this Saturday  Luckenbach Texas from 15pm.
Shade trees, cold beer  live music  it's gonna be a helluva day!!
Hot dog!
in the green room waiting to do the bigdata meetup Hilton downtown 615ab come see the HUMAN SEARCH ENGINE!
Me and my friend had a fight....
it sucks because now who am i supposta talk to at lunch now?
omg.
deff let's do it I need Kerri Capone in my life
God bless you family
You do realize it's nearly 3 1/2 years since diagnosed Weeks to Live in October 2008
Thanks for a fantastic bday weekend, filled with and friends!
I'm very lucky.
Record high in Portland, OR '82'....
In Dayton, OhIo FREEZE Warning...
dude i want a picture with him now that i saw yours lol
Hi Jim, thanks for the follow.
If I can do anything for you or your business, just let me know VO voice over
Don't go.
I'll eat you up; I love you so.
I know it's only Monday, but I can't help planning out a mini vacation for the upcoming weekend with ideal from
K yeah before I sleep..
Does anyone have tumblr?
Follow me ForeverCelinee 
so what does this mean?
for 100 you get unlimited beer, wine, hard alcohol and food
Shoot must I say you have low standards :o I think you're scared of getting hurt ?
Top O tha Morning to ya ABQ!!
yea it is
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell
Laying my life  my will down at the feet of Jesus today.
Praying for wisdom  courage to be obedient to my purpose through his desires.
I've given up on having nice things for awhile...
thanks for the add.
Great sound, plus we have a song called fine shined shoes, and just liked the sound of your name.
glad that you got my earlier tweet as the thank you that it was intended to be.
If you speak to BKV, tell him I said thanks also.
I like chicken :
Hubby  I are looking at flights called military hops to get to Germany this Fall.
We'd sit in the space left after the tanks are loaded.
Flames on the top deck of the Bay Bridge!!
Woah.
very funny guys...sad thing is, 1time I said wanted 2go 2 it cause I want2doctorss upwear a nice hat..haha
Gearing up for another road show!
This is so exciting and such an honor to be a part of this great event in their hometown club!
: Congrats to all our graduating Hoosiers!
Wish we could tell each of you, but 8,829 is lot of tweets!
IUgrad12
Forecast for Friday: Sunny.
Highs in the upper 70s.
Northeast winds 5 to 10 mph.
Becoming east in the afternoon.

I know!!
you are missed!
I fly back east in two days, tea when we both get back!!
xox
Although not as good as any Stallone picture, Who Killed the Electric Car?
Is a pretty good documentary
Just connected to and webinar on Building the Perfect Web Marketing Storm  looking forward to it.
OMGrande Dance, theater, biochemistry.
It's disturbing!
i despise grocery shopping.
Listening to a Southern style thunderstorm in Washington City this morning.
Reunited w/ !
Finally!
at the end of karate kid never say never was playing
are you trying out for season 12??
Not to mention that the initial request for the move was they were disgusted with
Decompressing w/ at our Colorado friends Amy, Ben, and family after a fun, productive doctorpalCon.
Me and Kevin used to sing to eachother .
Looking forward to CES next week!
Dear man v food i think it ought too be man  his buddie v food new season !!!!
I agree, but at least he gets a fulltime shot to do so.
Coming up as pinchhitter or DH and not getting regular time before.
thanks for the
Your so cute!:
Bow in the presence of
look forward to talking FantasyFootball with you this season!
Heat are in the Finals.
Signed, sealed delivered.
Sigh.
Lets play the blame game
Agreed :D We don't have a choice on whether we do Social Media, the question is how well we do it.
Erik Qualman
We have come a long way baby!
The google home page is SO cute!
I'm still hungry.....
Better lock my casket tight baby, so I don't let the devil in
B has made her decision...
major comcast customer service FAIL.
phone help, ZERO.
, NOTHING.
who else has had horrible experience with comcast?
Boat shoes  awkward or awesome?
I know!!!
But why Dale?
Ugh, Carl
it was really good!
yes, they were.
it is like she is fusing lewensky and levy's story together!
Sounds like you're a busy bee!
Have a nice weekend.
Nobody believes that crap except tennis press
yo I'm dead af.
That night you showed your whole ass.
But I was there for you tho.
Lol
Whilst boogying, I think of myself as humphrey on the chaiseloungethe chaise being the wave...
or kevin costner in waterworld.
Mandarin Calling all Mandarin speaking butlers!
Open opportunities in Cambodia with great salary and benefits!
email me for details..
2012 is ours to achieve !!
So blessed to have a wonderful family and amazing friends in my life
how your new school going xx
What's 1d ?
you looked amazing though!!:p
better than shit on me
bourbon is always a good idea, I mean it is usually.
Except for when it isn't.
Amy is pretty.
Love Shy Something Better You and Me ...just to name a few...excited to hear Bluey's new music!
Thanks Kurt!
RT : Throw a dash of red in there and see about that.
we can't wait.
HAHAHA!!
WOW THAT'S FAST!!
:O SANFUEOFKASOUHYENLQMUOHWSODNCSDUIOQONOXPNSJH
National Honor Society induction tonight!
:
Plaschke is a smart guy, and I enjoy his columns.
But he came off yesterday as he often does: a jaded funsquasher.
You can doctorp by when you come to Vegas for a conference : I would love to meet all your friend in the Vegas area.
I did earlier.
Happy happy tears of joy
I hope you're intoxicated...otherwise you're just an awful doctorver.
Can't wait to have you!
Hopefully we will see you soon at one of the grand opening events or another time!
Any advice on what not to miss in Norway or Italy?
Sure.
Email .
We'll call you if we have a fit.
Thank you.
Thank you.
you're dirty.
Doc Brown had the same issue.
Poker night tonight Its your chance to go allin with some pocket rockets!
7:00.
thats how i smile when someone is taking a picture and they say cheese
That will be easy!
I need creative ideas.
Bond themed NYE party tomorrow night and I need a costume...
This space is too doggone small for me.
Just attended an awesome webinar by on Google Keywords v.
YouTube Keywords.
I love you Alex please please make my night by tweeting me back 333
Thanks Pimp Juice!
Maybe I'll see you again tomorrow!
I thought it was 7:00........MEEHHHHH I'M TO FUCKING EXCITED :
MOUSTACHE HAPPY HOUR PART DEUX TILL 8PM TONIGHT AT DON'T KNOW TAVERN!!
CAPS LOCKS!!
10 for a collectible cup and doctornk specials!!
acoustic show today with !
Do you personally know if they're functional or not?
A fair share of academic  private libraries w/o programmers either, alas.
sorry you're going to be empty tonight...wish there was a game...
I feel that.
I'm at the studio too right now.
Glad to hear from you.
I hate filling out job applications.
RT : Orioles' Chris Davis reaching 90 mph on FB.
Had fourseamer and sinker.
Also nice 83 mph changeup.
Crazy
Another great start for the LAKings.
Going back to the Stapler up 20 in the series.
Keep it goin' boys!
Current investor sentiment matches the 152 recorded in 4Q10, which represented the highest level achieved since the survey began in 2004
SCOOP, SCOOP, SCOOP!
My long cat naps fuck up my sleep.
:
I accepted you!
No, it's just that the world isn't ready for our vision.
It'll happen.
nigga whatever..
first you said you didn't hear all of it, now you say you did...
someone got caught in a lie OO
They have more soul than you.
Don't even bother arguing...
yeah huh!
Only 1,976 more weeks until retirement!
you definitely qualify....
thanks for the info!
what did you take?
went to the quaff with my mom.
Guess who got hit on first.
: Damn I'm just hurt right now smh wat happened Lil dude
Alright, thank you for everything.
Wish you the best.
Equine herpesvirus case confirmed in Colorado Affected horse euthanized; facility placed under quarantine.
I need one too, can we work out together???
think so
yea I know !
I called SFPD to bring a squad to protect Something tells me he'll need it at the end of this plenary :
Egg product maybe?
Last nights rain was superb!
but i do: lol
sorry about tweeteradder spam: had to change twitter password to stop it.
I'm so confused lol
When im alone I eat food like an animal, my cheeks full and shit like hampsters
Yay, that's awesome!!
I feel quite honored.
:D
Much love.
Stay and Play starts at 9:30!
my uncle is missing that finger
Giants got this in the bag....YUK
Nice WCCO piece on youth anime party.
Congrats!
Don't Forget To watch Mobbed Tonight on Fox
Bought two Totoro pencil cases.
Mailed the wrong one.
Aherp.
Aderp.
Are you kidding me
I'll do it, Robert Hill is lazy!!!
Hahaha gatcho RT : hell nah I thought I was off this weekend son!
My English teacher is playing Flogging Molly.
BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHERFUCKER TO THE GROUND NOW!!
WHERE IS IT?!?
Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets.
feels like he should be up to something...
I love the new icon Austin!: 33 lolol
First day of coworking !
Thanks !
Excited for what this space has to offer :.
WE WORKING
yes javi is with me duh!
And we will get on our private jet and come see you!!!!!
Right now!
She Ran Away  :
I guess still is the QUEEN....
food poison
eh nothing much bored and stuff hbu
DON'T BE AFRAID TO BE GAY!
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory.
Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.
Sun Tzu
A positive ALERT: RT : The Spring Sale is finally here..
join us at the USC Bookstores today for great deals!
wonder where bluffin self been 
It seems the Brewers plan on signing a Free Agent SS w/ Furcal, Yuni, or Gonzalez but what are there plans for an utility guy?
20ThingsAboutMe, I don't care about what anyone thinks about me, except my family and my bestfriend, but she counts as family to me 3
These pics..3 OMG just stop it; you're KILLING me ;D
the big D sucks
I know some really cool folks.
Now it's time to read SNOW CRASH and the book version of PONTYPOOL, of course.
excited to be creating a painted chandelier in tropical themes for a local artist...
Movies theavengers :D
Big game for the Bucks today!
RT Presenting at SNAP09 was a treat, great audience, good dialog.
WORM09 almost home
doctoraming is believing
Thanks Mike!
Listening to you right now  nasty vibe man, we dig!
ok.
Let me look for it.
i'm so down.
photo adventures or chill time?
nothing he just says he gave u too many chances and he has that guilt look on his face!
The other girl lives 17 miles away fr m me with her mom and comes to visit her dad where I live.
I don't see her very often.
Oh my goodness you're really preaching tonite
608 tonight.
First time I have graced the front entrance of a church in years.
how did i lose the medicine ball that i ALWAYS keep on my desk?
Talent show additions.
ohh but still...i'ma need lil bizzy akabent to tighten up on the domestic activities lmao....
My whole entire body hurts.
I can't way till 5th with
yesterday afternoon Rio Rancho, NM came back on line as far as internet services.
I cried.
Good word: Brazen RT : At 11...a brazen crime in the South Valley.
A wheelchair bound woman is robbed in front of her home.
I'd rather smoke danky den trend about anotha nigga
Go Sharks!!!
The leading rule for the lawyer, as for the man of every other calling, is diligence.
Abraham Lincoln
OMFG!!!
me too that was too fuckiin fun!!!!
:D
Today sucks walnuts
Heading to Death Valley this Sunday!
Who's coming with us?
My Newsies name given to me by my friend Brady: Stretch, because of my height :P I love it!
you're too sweet!
lack of bail I think
right now I'm listening to Rancid from 1997.
it's very nice.
Same Strat last year, won me a lot of leagues!!!
Well 3 out of the 5
Texas IndyCar race was what it was....
Dario won half, and Will Power won the other half....
Right?
MAN I LIVE MY LIFE JUST LIKE A MOVIE THAT DONT STOP
Of course, please contact customer service and they will be happy to help you get a replacement
RT : Sunland Park's meeting to appoint a mayor Friday is canceled, won't be rescheduled until further notice
Watching MyStrangeAddictions .
Holy crap these people are crazy..
You mean because of the fishnet tank, right?
Talking with of about FentonArtWalk and Canton Color Tour
But your hair is looking good!
Like, one or two points.
oh ok
Even my husband enjoyed Exploring Zarzuela in the Harris Theatre at George Mason University.
Respect has to be earned before you start tryin to demand it...
awesome!!
Well I hope to get out to see you guys again soon!!
I had so much fun last time!
The sea of life...ah.
the law of attraction...guess I should change the way I view things.
Indeed.
I was actually being sarcastic on my lack of ballin' skillz.
Fantasy doctorfts in Vegas are epic.
Getting Ready to Shoot Another Scene for Guidance Web Series 
I'll be in Vegas Sunday to Wednesday  hit me if you'll be out there during that time :
But truly God has listened; he has attended to the voice of my prayer.
Psalm 66:19
Well, fuck television.
I'm out again.
D3 seeks exp.
Billing Manager for 34 month contract engagement with reputable regional law firm in Los Angeles.
professorciency in Omega softw
Slept all night im woke now
Rewatching the Bush speech in the aftermath of 9/11.
It is very interesting to go back and revisit the message that was conveyed...
bout bored af son sittin here playin grant theft auto ps3 somebody hmu
the maps r in all playlist.
they were all night last night.
Last minute gift idea: a travel mug and Cup O Joe gift certificate.
Perfect for mom's on the run.
Can't wait for dylans game:
Thanks for the well wishes everyone!
We are having a great time.
So far, is one easy going kid!
it's in my top three.
I love Rick Blaine so much.
Ive probably watched it a thousand times.
What a great idea to have a webinar for parents; would be great to have one for teachers too
I'm not in vegas right now.
It would be nice to see u out there tho
You are so pretty.
Feel free to follow me.
;D
idk just put somethin you think is nice lol .
where are you buddy!?
Pumped to be toting a Yellownedcab  Saturn home from Koppas.
lol TRUE!
but it was a lot more expensive and shipping alone turned out to be like 7 so i had to downgrade  oops
I must admit.....
At 28, I doctorol when I sleep!
Thank you for your kind wishes!
Yeah, I tend to mist up at sappy movies.
I've decided to just let it flow getting touch with my inner blubber.
don't we all!
oh.lol I guess
thanks!
Great show, keep kicking a!
My summer bucket list is piling up :
ROOT CANAL?
What are you 40 years old?
Brush, brush, brush.
Finally there is an NL East player I could dislike more than Hamels, and he goes ahead and outdoes Harper.
Sure!
Definitely stop by!
Just give us a little tweet first so we can act natural.
;
in the theater
Just finished tracking NEW album!!
So lucky to have an allstar band and amazing producer John Clayton!
Stay tuned...
re: back to Lemmonex: Of course we still love you.
I'm playing Bon Jovi's Always in your honor right now.
10ThingsThatAreAttractive Clear eyes, full heart, going to 'Speaking of...' this weekend!
Your view is way more interesting than mine.
Though that lyric made no sense, I did like Bust a Move.
If you want it, you got it ...
Wynn Wear Swim Wear / Sue Ann Wynn available at BodyTrends BoutiQue
So many folks putting Occupy in front of other random words.
I think it's time to occupy occupy.
what it do?
I was LeBron, he was Kevin Hart.
You wont regret it!
RT : I am excited to start lessons with him!
I will be contacting him next week after finals
Eric Schmidt: Starting point for technology in social change is mobile phones.
What do you think of titling chapters, yay or nay?
:
In the kitchen today baking FiveStar Blueberry treats.
Has your dog tried these incredibly delicious and healthy treats yet??
I hope i meet yall one day,because yall are ABOSULTELY AMAZING!3
HAHA, stop, stop!
I'm going to peemipants from laughing too hard!
Some call it swagger.
I call it walking.
I wish these next two weeks of my life could fast forward.
Let's go LAKERS!!
Lets take this win!
kids Adoption Information Meeting: Adoption Information Meeting from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at 7:30 PM...
can we get your wine in mass?
follow me
planning my documentary trip to Robertsport, Liberia.
I think it's set for Nov.
Going to enter in the Austin Film Festival.
super stoked.
I'm going to have good day ...
I'm off from work and I maybe go relax around the pool today
i love jb
That is game!!!
GIANTS SuperBowl Champs....can't wait to go to the parade in the Canyon of Heros!!!!
Unmarked Cars this Saturday  The HiLo Club for Junebug Spade's CD Release show...we go on around 10pm...kill the lights!!!
Fixed.
Thanks guys.
Join us for our favorite Friday night duo.
Redfish plays from 7:3010:30pm
I did!
I enjoy your tweets so much Don, so I will take your word for it!
My Follow TH ADD physicist
People are oblivious.
Thanks, Will!
The pleasure is mine
Up early brewing coffee getting ready to head out the door, listening to some tracks I layed down yesterday not bad,need some edits.
Thanks : You'd think I'd fly through it since I loved my CNA class..
Sigh..
we thought so too.
Thanks for the reply!
Application deadline for Summer Research Internship PrePhD Scholars Program is March 16th, 2012
Stand up for what is right, even if you're standing alone.
This is getting interesting....a little too interesting...
Follow a Fringe Artist Friday: 
I heart Bonnie Raitt.
On nights like there when I can't sleep...
All I can think about is Keavy that's how you know a girls special :
thinks there is something really fishy about that whole octuplets story.
None of it makes sense.
..sometimes I make enemies, sometimes I make
Suicide Silence  You Only Live Once
yup  got pix?
From ESPNChris Polk has best career  '12 ball security of the top '12 doctorft RB's.
Only 1 fumble in '12  5 in 892 career touches.
Good morning
The holiday score as it stands: Pets14, Christmas ornaments 0
Just watched New Ateam Movie...Oh My!
Heard you were at the Cannery last night.
WHAT.
I didn't even get to see you.
Round 2 tomorrow?
Oh good!
RT : Looks like St.
Thomas Aquinas antiabortion group will be able to apply to participate in Hampdenfest.
I don't get the branchout app for Facebook.
Do people really want to mix personal and professorssional in one place?
Seems lake a career ender!
It wasn't on my phone.
It may have been Ginny's, Jordan Hinze's, or someone else...
Not sure :P
Something very enjoyable about making a new iOS icon...
THIRD SHOW ADDED  Comedian Kevin Hart at Hampton Colisuem on Sunday, 2/13 at 7pm  tix on sale TODAY at 12noon.
did you see Avengers?
I'm watching it tomorrow.
it is ok : can you email details and price to me,
About 1/3 way thru The Submission by Amy Waldman and she's now on my favorite authors list.
The kind of novel I wish I could have written.
So much to thank Him for!
If you shouting with me retweet this!
tacos y burritos?
LOL Steve!
Maybe you will be will win next time  highest prize ever!
How much poison is legal to give kids on Halloween?
I'm asking for a dear friend.
27 minutes to go 2 miles.
Vcu is tough
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Eta chapter at on May 6, 1978.
Happy Founders Day !
yaw it's not contagious though
waxed eyebrows : are the best eyebrows!
As usual, you ROCKED on Rachel, Michael!
;
If NIMBYs are stopping your projects, let's meet Five Corners Strategies can help.
get in touch with our party coordinator Lauren Diehl, her phone number is 4142762337 ext 103, she'll help you out!
Try viewing everyone who comes into ur life as a teacher WDyer
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful....
Now being followed by !!
Did you ever see Mortal Kombat?
That set film making back decades.
Let's Go Caprese prince'sfavoritesalads
Key hand: I fold every hand for two hours  bubble,clownish btn opens 11k, I see TT and insta push 85k, he insta calls with KQ.Win.
GLAZED DONUT aaaaahahahahahahahaha!!!!!
It's at times like this that I could really use a VPN connection to the city servers, or a key to the library branch a mile from my house!
Dancing with the Stars
Santa is providing the free shipping on every item in the studio, until 122511.
www.FUSEDGLASSBYDESIGN.artfire.com
not giving up, just venting frustraions at ironies of life!
:P
Letting everything pile up while I stare at it in anxious paralysis.
Fennimore turns a 643 double play but Nick Mohlman, who reached on a double scored from third.
Fennimore 3, Mineral point 1 with 2 outs.
AVG just told me I have too many tabs open.
I'm just getting started!
: Happy bday to my bro he needs some followers y'all.
ask and he shall receive
Everyone click share on this page and send this to all your friends/family we want Live Life Reckless to go world wide!!!
9RoundMinute: 25 Squat Kicks paired with 20 Alt.
Side Lunges!
Feels good, right?!
too funny!
I can't stop laughing!
XD
I just wish that someone would give them a basic civics education, and a little training in rhetoric and messaging.
Thank you, those would certainly be in the top!
Is anybody moving out of a reasonably priced 4 bedoctorom in July?
Double Take is bitches from Hell!
Ah!
THANKS for the follow Anna!
My last day as an unmarried man.
I know this team will shine next season once again.I just hope its with solid D.
.'s digital project is on hold now while she finishes her book, bc her school doesn't count dig projects for tenure
i Need Bags Shit For The Tolit Mouth Bitchs
I don't even know how to respond to that!
Next time??
juveniles can go to prison too!
I guess you're his girlfriend?
: And yes I did.
There should be ZERO tolerance 4 bullying!!
PLEASE make it a big deal!!
It is not simply a matter of kids being kids.
Teach LOVE!
:
: Idk how to sleep with clothes on anymore.
you need a photographer for those magic moments!
How have you been?
For Mother's day.
I'm going to wake my mum up with breakfast and play Turn To You for her.
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid every day after skool my friends use to come over my house n have da radio outside on da prouch
About to entertain some kids at the Once Upon a Time event for the St.
Lukes Foundation.
and I'll be interested to see who is pushing it  Republicans or Democrats....
I fill you up!
Let's have a party......let's have a party!!!
U r just some poor bangladeshi who thinks he is white
Someone said my characters are too idealized.I said, Honor,Hope Courage Love and Freedom.
They exist, they are called  Americans.
When your vocation becomes your vacation, there is no such thing as hard work.
Jimmy Smith
I couldn't understand a word Fabio said.
I heard catching and 1 on 1,but I was lost.
Just did some major cleaning and my taxes.
Fun day assisting teachers for audio mixing classes and then editing the video for the Skyway Fitness Project.
I'm too busy crying to picket.
Haha
A Top 10 list is upcoming for the next blog
Lesson for today: helping an ornery 7thgrader with math homework makes for one blearyeyed writer the next day.
looks like Snow Leopard for Apple is due out tomorrow for only 29.
What a big difference compared to MS updates.
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on www.latalkradio.com!
Channel 2!
Awww..thanks!
We think you're pretty cool too!
RT  LOVE Log Cabin Village!
You guys are the best!!
: Bid in charity auction!
Winner meets and watches taping of YR.
my mom and I won one with
Thank you for following!
Happy to know you're enjoying retirement just like us!
thanks for the RT :
he's singing the stretch tomorrow.
It's my 25th birthday and I want to sing it with him.
Any ideas?
I am currently in Ghana and must recommend that you come here as well!
It is so different here; I am learning so much.
Looking forward to serving you :
Everyone is comparing Google doctorve to doctorpbox while ignoring Amazon's Personal Document Service which might be the best of them all.
All day
I need 2t followers please:
Good luck!
I feel like I smell like pee.
Did you wet the bed ??

RT : Tiny people be angry, dog.
Coal, the dirtiest fossil fuel, is the crack cocaine of the developing world.
the truth cost nothn , but lies will cost you everything !.
Hahahaha!
My thoughts exactly!
Fitness For a healthy high protein snack, try Greek Yogurt, it has 14g of protein and tastes great
Reds suck tribe suck wtf
I just found an exclusive way home from work.
Why am I so excited for no traffic?
haha
One of my favorite jazz singers Sarah Vaughan the Divine One was born 27 March 1927 I heard her sing live twice but got no good photos
Hamilton puts the Rangers up by two.
WorldSeries this game is awesome!
I feel like shit today.
.
What was your favorite thing about 2011?
My TiVo is full  sorry CovertAffairs and doctorpdeaddiva, but I'm going to have to let you go.
I'm happy you're reading this tweet.
If you own a website and want to do something valuable with your time feel free to DM
Happy bday 2 my son..never knew luv like this
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.
Lucille Ball
Congratulations to each and every one of the Region 1 semifinalists!
We are proud of you!
100 years?
Now I understand all the hype this week.
RT The Titanic's maiden  and last  voyage began 100 years ago today.
Happy birthday to A good guy, great friend.
Wishing you the best all year.
It is a lovely Monday!
Can't wait to see all of you amazing library people at ala11!
On my way back home to the A 2nite, im ready to hit the studio
Damn.
My leg fell asleep right when I jumped in the shower :s Lol!!
Salute Happy Charter Day!!!
what is the Hunger Games?
Hunger is not a game
loves n e b l i n a

thanks for the follow Bennett
Ever think about buying a franchise??
A pizaa place or a coffee shop?
We'll show you what it takes Next Ohio Means Business
I adore my phone.
I literally have the whole world in my hands.
Yet to read your email.
Today's been the day from Crazyville, located in Crazychussetts in the United States of Crazy.
where's my ticket boo
I wanna go home
cute who
You MUST BE new to this.
You see, I don't want to communicate w/U.
So I'll stay polite 4 nowask you to gotalk to someone else
Thanks for the RT!!!!
So appreciate all that you do!
Good morning starshine!
we were but it was a twitter glitch that unfollowed us
Listened to RocktheWorld with and on the subway this morning.
Great insight about business in China!
coffee people can mix it with non fathom and freeze...
Great alternative to a frappe!
You laugh because i'm different..
I laugh because you are all the same.
Randomly craving some factory right now.
I'll never understand what goes through my parents heads.
TwitterOff Ima go cry a river even though my bitchass boyfriend doesn't seem to care 
Why do you think that is?
No education training required to get a PhD?
why people always relate the word marketing with branding  advertising only..
.there is a hell lot that goes into it.
Yay!!!
: RT : Had a great catchup lunch today w/ In fact, I just polished off the leftovers for dinner.
:
Didn't get to see play where he got hurt.
I remember Yo playing for a little after his ACL, think this could be that serious?
I didn't say it was haha
Ain't that the truth.
RT : Hiphop lost its John Lennon.
RIPMCA
delete this account and start following me on this account.
alikrainey
RT wishing my iPhone didn't break now...
you can get a RUA app!!!
.
Kids in the back seat can cause accidents.Accidents in the back seat can cause kids.
Thanks for all your data quality greatness
pics or it didn't happen.
good morning alice, happy wednesday to you
I'm going to watch it later tonight, I'm really excited, wish I could be watching it now
no, I'm going on October 10
still haven't checked that out
Thanks for the support Kev!
Also, another chance at Michigan Bluff...so soon...you are insane.
And I love it.
will make me tikki masala extra spicy ?
It's my favorite thing to eat
I didn't know that.
How was it?
Noodles  Co with
I love the pear reisling, pistachio honey, and the seasonal w/ cardamon.really like/love most!!
love both choc ones too
Passengers who refuse airport security measures should get discounted fares because their flight is more likely to be shorter.
launch Alfred, type DW instead of TW, go to google search in Safari for DW instead of Twitter, hit CmdQ instead of CmdW
So I'm now watching think like a man and is a funny as movie
DM How do I get in touch with a decision maker at Googles' New Business Development?
wait?!?
What?!?
With who?
When faced with a challenge, look for a way, not a way out.
David L.
Weatherford
but it's ok because i get to talk about free indirect discourse and historicity and narrative tension and structuralism in those two pages
that guy was a shitty dancer anyways!
He deserved to get hit by truck!
In case you didn't know, our very own Kiley and Laz just got married!!!
Let's give them both a big congratulations!
model call for upcoming promotional tour send pics to
Frazier!
My IPhone auto corrected it
the mayor
jeezy took to long 2011 he was ghost til the end
That catch by BPhil got me all excited.
Is there even a signed settlement yet?
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it
What would I do without
Why are all the seniors upset about not being able to do a Senior prank?
Its not like we would have decided on one anyway...
Ah so yeah go to the down arrow next to the home button then over on the side you'll see notifications click on that.
00065a Wed 04apr12 .
Clock out 1600 .
Broadcast canceled to be rescheduled for 05apr12 .
worked on doctorwings / updates on logbook
Woah!
Yeah, definitely no excuse.
This is the worst jury questioning ever
yes.
Its not a bad kind of weird just not used to it.
I grew up with both series and I'm just so used to the natual flow is all
Nice start to the morning.
At the final commentary recording session with the great Phil Simms.
A sparkler?
Perhaps something different like Lambrusco but more research needed.
Just ripped up some pants..
Got some new shorts :
It's all about the 'All You Can GRILL and EAT!'.
We hope you have a good time at
Sum BOYS3
Heading to bed.
Good mornight!
One step closer the the Pac16!
We're going to be trying out Twitter to see how we like it and more importantly how our CUSTOMERS like it!
Let us know!
photos, video from Pasadena?
send them to
in regards to celtics posts
That stuff is just priceless.
: There's a reason we're 1 in every single def category!
14 Because you didn't play anybody you stupid Gump!
Which way do your think CO will swing in 2012?
Us strong Women will bounce back after we've fallin down, cried our tears,  faced many hurts.
I hate guys who say My nigga and SMD but seriously though like it makes you seem so ghetto, I hate that
im in love wit u!!!
3 if u followed me It wud make my day better ;
I'm compiling some informal data for a project  would love your answer!
Which product is better: lowfat or no high fructose corn syrup?
Obama adviser Axelrod coming to Bergen County on Wednesday afternoon to campaign for
Thank you for the mention!
It's lonely  the top but extra crowled at the bottom !!!!!
interesting concept, thanks for the follow.
looking forward to books worth reading.
thanks so much!
I'm excited to start a blog for the summer and studying abroad in Italy this fall!
it's i change my username.So ?
how r u sweetie?
And we record the album in two weeks.
Congress House Studios to lay down tracks.
Mixing in Berlin Germany late Dec.
Surprises forthcoming
Creepy if you ask me!
So I'm the only dad here, besides the coach, at Hannah's soccer tryouts.
Guess I'm officially a SoccerMom now...
...and the Hawks are a strong team w/average goalie.
Crawford is either really sharp or totally lost.
Now I know what Canucks fans feel like
do you see santorum as a viable candidate?
Does this guy really have a chance outside of Iowa?

Hey Elizabeth!
Are you coming to our Movie Premiere on Tues?
You're favorite 'Milw Girls' would love to see you!
:
that's good lol
lol kk : and do you have facebook
And thank you as well :
We're loving the rain!
The kind of night perfect 4 a bottle of wine and a movie!
Anyone have any good movie recs?
Or wine for that matter?
words cannot describe how much I hope attends the same university as me.
old enough to chew its own food
You just told me I wasn't shit , I guess I'm proving it right now
Love the smell of rain on the asphalt but hate how it holds up production!
Me too!
RT Nice!!!!
Widespread Panic's Climb to Safety during the Phillies highlights!!!
When is out of the game it is a lot easier for the West to score.
He is a game changer.
Remember payphones?
please go kick the biggest rock, you bad feet mofo!!
hi all how is every one
why do I feel the main villain in this movie will be smug....
Fun while it lasted
In Visimeet, use your contact list as a buddy list feature and instant message your contacts
Dear Thank you being open till 1am.
I need the caffein to keep on cooking.
Me love you long time.
MiaTeresa
Detroit Tigers TWlikeyou Update your Like
Legit.
So pumped to hear it brother.
Just walked passed a guy cursing to himself.
I know how ya feel buddy.
Lol
thanks for the camp tweets!
Ignorant thoughts brewing in my mind
I think someone should call the cops on me before i kill
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
Anna Eleanor Roosevelt
Listenin to baby!!
cant wait for my world 2.0 to come out!
: : lol I'm going home tomorrowcool..whereDesoto
Let's see what the Broncos can do behind their leader.
Sometimes I realize I may be a walking cliche...
LMAO If I don't make sense, then you may just be too damn normal.
Wondering how much time I have spent on buses and trains over the past year.
Amtrak to Back Bay, hopefully in my room by midnight
GREAT SHOW!
RT : Thanks to everyone who tuned in for the premiere of Hotel Impossible on
FEVERSHOT'S MUSIC VIDEO FOR THEIR INFECTIOUS CLUB SMASH POP BOOM POW' WILL PREMIERE MONDAY NOV.
8TH!
More info to come!
Stop yelling, moron!
RT : THE WALL STREET JOURNAL AGREES, GOVERNORS REFORMS ARE WORKING AND HIS OPPONENTS CANT STAND IT
Listening 2 Oakenfold, Great Wall.
When Madonna Hollywood comes on, headphones go 2 max!!!
Shine ur light now.
This time it's got 2 B good!
Sweet Tweets its on baby:
holy dance party last night
Seeing a bartender refer to themselves as a Beverage Consultant on LinkedIn has made my week.
Duke wins this one 8275.
Daylight savings time is happening this weekend.
Hurry up and go to bed now to get that extra hour in.
:
come celebrate with us in our office...the monkey went WILD haha
RT : Catch me on tv rockies game
the baby will always have the upper hand
Hey Round Rock/Austin, playing a show at this Friday starting at 7pm!
Spread the word!
3 love her omg.
She's amazing.
Bahahha still remember fbr15.
:'3
I suppose it is!
It's been a while, so I forget how it feels...
:P
The MAN has his boot on all our necks
How much actual spam did you get in response to your faux spam?
WE ARE!!
Its a beautiful day in the A!
RT: When u tell someone u Love them, make sure to Act with Love as well.
Live with Intentional Love.
Lori Moreno
would like to see some tower cams.
Thanks for coming out again, Cody.
My favorites are the Yelp reviews of Central Park, or other landmarks that no one need weigh in on.
If all else fails I suppose I'll just live off the money from my ebay Beanie Baby sales.
Thanks guys!!!
m/
: Hummel was wheeled off the court on A stretcher, but the problem is cramps and dehydoctortion not the knee..
Wow.
nothing like walking up the hill trying to converse with a 21yrold student athlete.
Bless her, I think she was even trying to slow up.
Still Time to Take Advantage of Free Shipping on Media Tape Orders!!
Give us a call today!
and bubba has how many majors, 1 or 2 and had mad what a 10 what tiger has made, more w/out coaches n wins then with
Meet Jerry, Extreme Brickover 5 contestant  part of Team In It to Wynn It.
Read about his motivation in his weekly blog....
Love ya thanks .
Straight ahead
Writing product descriptions, running out of adjectives.
Facebook is buying Instagram for 1 Billion Dollars.
Bachelorette time!
Let the doctorma begin 
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 20
Good morning, to my followers I say thank you.
We have two of Pennsylvanias hottest artists  Stay updated.
You're giving Furd too much credit, finished seventh in the P12 and lose their two best post players.
Zona will win he P12.
everyone is playing this game!
I need to check it out
Thanks for spinning Scissors as CatchoftheDay on !
Keep the requests coming!
I'm feeling so good and positive right now!
I want to share it with the whole wide world!
Let's be positive, optimistic, kind and grateful!
This is awkward :/
And this is why is mister San Diego.
Coming to my buswoe rescue.
dammit, you're tempting me to go back to Facebook, I haven't found good new music in ages
Thanks for the mentions!!
Side note: if you move to San Francisco and say you came back tan, you didn't move to San Francisco
School will be over in a few hour's and my long doctornken weekend begin's
Put the gun down, sweetie.
I'm led to pray for the C.S.Lewis College todaywho will join me???
As much as i hate to admit it song dance again is a good song.
id like it better with out pitbull.
i hope theres a no rap version!
i have an evil genius plan for everything....
hi there everyone?
The way to the heart is to believe in someone else.
I have been getting sign ups but I don't see them in my downline.
I think has had recent success with Western Union although I generally just sell to friends
Cnt wait for Saturday!!!!
haha really?
You mustve been super tired haha cause I know I was knocked out haha
I can't found U
Ooh Flypaper looks really good too.
Tim Blake Nelson playing a kook  as usual.
Comedy Action and Adventure...
in a bank.
I hope the weekend is as long as my day was...
thank you
Yes they did.
Thanks for checking in on them :
Homeless Coach bench seating painted burnt orange in time to coach homeless mother, Kim, Thurs under Austin's Hwy 360 Pennybacker Bridge
Hi !
Keep Smiling!
lol fag it was a penis and some glaze
R.I.P.
DICK CLARK.
New Years's Eve Celebrations will never be the same without you.
U will be very much missed!
My prayers2 friends  family
Wow, the wildflowers on I37!
You need to follow
baby you light up my world like nobody else .
Can't watch the padoctors because there's apparently no tv deal.
I have t which sucks.
ha...
i wish.
was flying out that morning and crossing my fingers he didn't doctorp trou again :
Thanks for the follow!
If it's your passion then you should go with it.
It's never to late to start on your doctorams!
It's a challenge but worth it!
I think its possible to have love for someone, but not really love them.
No problem Kate!
I could use more time unplugged myself, so it rang true with me.
YES!
TONIGHT at the Bowery Poetry Club in NYC!
Ha!
It was in his pants.
Just when I thought Breaking Bad couldn't get any better, DJ Roomba makes a cameo in Season 4!
typical Eagles bullshit, dumb mistakes cost a shutout.
MORONS
yes Dunk of the year
Aww ...
don't worry.
He comes for all of us eventually.
You could be next!
grin
Oh, woops.
Thanks for that!
And thanks to you, , for the blog post, which holds up super well on repeated readings.
i might wear my hornets tomorrow ..
Great tip from : write a mission statement for what you stand for

There's zombies!
Lots of them.
Some of them get rekilled.
It's pretty awesome.
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards.
On to Warner Brothers studio tomorrow for a fitting
looked strong today brother!
Hey  !
Got any yummy recommendations for good gastropub restaurants in miami / southbeach?!
imagine opening your locker seeing a note that says  I sure think your beautiful.
lol...
I guess u right but its usually about a 80 chance I am..
gotta keep letting them fly
Al Harrington coming up in 2 minutes!
Listen in to hear from the newest Nugget!
Fans in Asia are very appreciative of everything, and they are so polite.
Not that the American fans aren't.
Don't put that in the paper.GC
Love the new TV spot...
Can't wait to share that out!!
Pickles with chamoy
Working for the weekend.
Wade need to step up and stop playing robin behind LeBron
havent seen that yet.
guess Im not looking at chix eyes
Shutout to aka for the vineyardvines phone case :
Yestalk to you then!
Mary
Love the real world example of Instagram in use.
Looking forward to the upcoming thoughts!
Hi Paul, and thank you for following.
I'm wondering if you would have any ideas on how I could successfully break in to acting?
sweet home :3
yea cant wait to see u emily and isabelle in a few weeks!
i just started and I'm 33yrs old RT
jepordy sucked...
My team didnt know any of the answers and there is a test on Monday...
: You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours.
GirlFacts
hey congrats on the cover....again
That long one wasnt buddha.
that was Paulo Cohelo.
Quiet and smooth, yet as tough as a steelbelted tire, the 3280 is the perfect choice if you want both quiet and reliability.
It's that simple, right?
follow me back vonda
I feel like flying far from here.
Listen in to for the Charm of the Season ad.
It's 24/7 Christmas music time of course!
what's an appropriate tip for a hairstylist?
does the 20 rule apply to that?
We need a venue for our Thurs, Jan.
20 event.
Do you have meeting space for 50 people?
DM or and please RT!
Friend:hey,keliecia Me:waves ..thinks hey......friend what's your name again..?
Lol
Why the hell would I want to think like Steve Harvey?
Who's doin' that?
It didn't after I closed for the first time, but it has continued saving them since then.
At long last, things are starting to come together.
ImThatPersonWho Gets annoyed REALLY Easily.
.
Ed Toriello, Tony Rankin Bob D'ambrosia Terry Canale Sandy Gordon Stuart Hirsch saw u launch while in Mexico we're waving!
Weelllll isn't it just a beautiful day!!!!!!
Another magical night at the K
wow,  you did it again w/awesome 2012 beercamp site.
In 2013, can we see pong balls flying and cups being flipped interactions?
last night in fredonia was perfect, i couldn't have asked for a better night!
back home today
72 penalty minutes and three ejections in first period of Flyers Pens game.
Sheeeeesh.
: I once saw you attempt to eat a spoonful of cinnamon...my vote is no agreed.
I've see you in action 2 much.
Doing an Open House during the Parade of Homes for the Raleigh area.
i have recently been thinking about why our metadata for items w/ digital surrogates includes no data on the digital surrogate.
Going to Dustin's brothers football game tomorrow.
Then to his house so his mommy can fix my prom doctorss :
Learn something boy, grow yo ass up
Everybody else surprised, I wasn't surprised
I would like Diaz to win but I think Miller bullies him to a comfortable decision
shoot something
Re: latest column  I think you need to redefine movie star.
The game has changed so we as an audience have to change with it
Beauty is a blessing but can also be a curse depending on the choices you make.
Understand for yourself it's real value.
TONIGHT: hosts All Night Happy Hour !
Happy Hour specials 4PM  2AM.
Send names to 9162950720 for guest list.
Looking at the night sky
Happy Birthday
...and whatever the community response is, I think it is appropriate.
I hope you didn't find that out via experience.
cant wait for DW Gundam 3 either in in June : I also just picked of Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage The other day.
It's cool!
Stop by the Meteor Solutions booth in the social lounge at OMMAGlobal for a chance to win free Meteor Analytics!
John Splan and I are playing a show at the Armory tonight!
7:3010:30 Hope to see you!
somebody is hallucinating again!
.
In 1846, the United States declared that a state of war already existed with Mexico.
Such as?
We're going to the King Tut exhibit and I want to get this niece and nephew as enchanted with Egyptian history as I am.
Botanical Gardens festival combines natural beauty and local art museums
I NEED more followers!!!
Put in werk people!
Get me some tweeters!!
Help!
I'm thinking she's going to need a nap after today for sure.
: Congrats, Brooke!
It's smallbizsat  support great smallbiz like,
Alcohol is a doctorg...
next is all over your face
Happy Leap Day!
What will you do with your extra 24 hours this year?
If I could runaway I would
stop flirting.
Let's go visit !!
ReinosoJoy is a net of love by which you can catch souls .
Great meeting you today!
Thx for the invite.
Enjoyed it and will definitely come back :
I want to go to San Antonio.
Yes!
Go to this site and learn about the details.
Time to MERGE!: It's live people!
!
check it out!
One union!!!
: Justin always thinks I have the hoes, annoying.
You do
I'm following you on keek and I'm subscribed to you too3
nothing can cheer you up more than the wet kiss of a cute puppy
todays your birthday?
Lol or tomorrow?
grudgers are a waste of perfect happiness.
laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cannot change.
I took my first improv classes when I was that age!
I will email my thoughts to you.
Thanks again, Matt.
mainly performing arts events in Indianapolis.
I will be a lot for the next week.
Then maybe for a few.
Hunker down with for art doctornks at The Local tonight until 7:30.
There's a wood fireplace!
Building up my resume now so when the time comes, it'll be an easy transition to the position of chief communications officer for Starfleet.
Enough with the gd 4 u LOL type stuff.
140 character limit is like writing a novel without the letter ebe creative and stop cheating!!
great news!
should be proud SocialMadness rules!
Health Tip: Remember that it is healthier to receive most of your vitamins and minerals naturally rather than taking supplemental tablets.
CanIBeHonestWithYou I Like u
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
What's the name of that English girl/ boy duo band?
She was his guitar student...
pitchforkmedia loves them...
Thanks baby!
Sirius xm baby!
Hear you a lot on there......love it!
Comice pears are so good!
I'm sailing the Atlantic!!!
Oh crap...
We're sinking....
Crap this water sucks.
Titanic.
If your having trouble with a blind  you didn't get it from us.
I highly recommend calling Karl.
He can be reached at 5052208453.
90's Bills of baseball reincarnated!
which season of OTH are you watching?
Haha
It's obvious Thibodeau knows how bad Rose is hurt.
Too bad for everyone, especially Derrick.
justabasketballgameright?
RT : My desire for civility doesn't mean I don't have an opinion.
I do.
I simply respect that others have an opinion too.
Shit, I wish I was going late .
Whats 50 grand to a ma fucka like me.
Can u plz remind me
yep!
he seems to be a natural at it!
lol :
Forty page marketing plan is complete  just a few minutes over midnight.
Yep, it's almost finals week.
Life isn't working out for me now...
A tweet or anything from you could really put a smile on my face3
An production!
RT Just 3 days til we OccupyTheNews.
Visit our site  RT to spread the word.
Yes, they seem to almost incorporate something beyond three dimensional spacial characteristics.
That also works.
Or just daydoctoram something like the scene in Office Space...
You got it!!!
Boo.
Just missed the space shuttle flying by midtown.
Hey, I never met you....
And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter...
So follow her maybe?
;  6
My three weaknesses: scents, shoes and sunnies.
Oh ok, clothes too ;
Happy New Year from the team at Zuma Fun Center.
The park is open today from noon until 8pm.
Neil Everett, who I can't stand, said LBJ didn't foul 'Melo on a block that made the Top 10, even though it WAS a foul.
: Link on Panetta?
damn/: i cant even imagine how you feel.
Wish you could come back now!
You and I both know that might not last lol jk
LOL nice!
Was it so good it put shamalama in ding dong?
I don't wanna see those!
Both those movies look wack!!
can't wait for the West Coast to catch on!
I'm so invited!!!
I need a more creative handle...
school is sucking up too much brain power for me to think of anything clever.
Suggestions welcome.
I just wish you would text me , so I know that you care ...
Are you a SMB looking for an online training solution?
Come by Booth 607 We've been working with co.'s like yours for 15 yrs.
got a CST math test tmisterw...
didn't study.
or bother doing ANYTHING math related for the past 2 months.
howtheheckdoihaveana soscrewed :
Duh, V2G, pay peeps to plugin or at least the possibility of in future.
But need to plan for it now!
We LIKE Miss Americs.
Presidents...not so much.
buy the Entertainment Card and print your own coupons after registering online.
Total cost 75 DISCOUNT
that is a nice bonus.
I wish I was on that side of town!
m...never tried cubed in my chili!
That sounds nice!
If u dont like talking to u.
Why should i?
So what we get doctoruuunkkkkkk, so what we smoke wee
Good deal.
:
Today has been an awesome day full of good news!
take note....
you really can't take my NBA views seriously anyways....I waste time by pulling for
Asking about stores so I could pick it up!
Will give it to my future niece/nephew after screening for weird hidden images/propaganda
ITS TODAY :
KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY LOVE THE BIG BLUE NATION
Yay for waking up sick.
Weak.
:
I can't complain..
The weather is awesome!
I'm just heading to class..
How about you?
Indeed.
Tell Evans a MizzouUK matchup will determine our friendship
you best apologize..
I just didn't enjoy spotify.
I like Rdio recommendations and the new releases are easy to navigate through.
Choose your destiny
The show has begun.......
You're the man, Phil!!!
Uh..young lady, where have you been???
:0
Letting go doesnt mean giving up ...
it means accepting that some things werent meant to be
I have a Kindle and I think it's great, so.
WE ARE FINALLY FOLLOWING EVERYONE BACK...SPREAD THE WORD...
IS DOWN FOR EVERYONE....XOXO
mla12 tip: If someone tells you a publisher is not considering first books, be skeptical.
Athens get ready for the PBRART EVENTs check out PBRart.com today!
Austim come to england
thought you disappeared
y are u Jews going against David Weprin who is also a Jew
Taigs loves Frost Friday
Discovered the deliciousness of raw fennel!
Yum!
Gym soon:
you need.
Anyone that truly loves you feels that way.
It physically and emotionally pains us to see you torment yourself like
Cloudy  rainy morning in ATL  like it!!
I'm just guessing, but probably one of the early signs that your radarscope is wearing out is something I call 'image fuzzout.'
APT is a controversial term that ...
has become a useful shorthand for 'Were pretty sure it came from China.' via infosec 
Thanks for the retweet darling!
Thanks!
I figured...what the heck?
:
When you don't get an explanation for the inexplicable, none is forthcoming.
TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS FOLLOW BACK
I literally just said You suck Jeremy when I heard u say the week's outlook.
Motherhood hasn't changed me!
Lol.
Kids gone to school its rainy out head hurts you kno what that means...Z
Free complementary appetizers during Happy Hour
Normal girl problems: Gets invited to two parties, can't decide which one to go to.
Directioner problems: Twosided posters.
Love is all you need, if by love, you mean avocados.
Thanks so much for the kind words
Excited about sending , the President, and , the VP of Creative Development to Haiti next week!
Just had a listen through first mix of the studio version of Disney Princess Disasters.
Fun!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe legs open easier and easier .
Those border patrol agents on the amazing race seem like little bitches.
Wow.
You're getting a little to attached
Yaaaayyy!!!
BEiber ARmy!!!
Show me the way!!!!
I want to be a cadet!!!
: Dear Ex, Just because I'm nice to you, Doesn't mean I want you back...
Sincerely, We broke up for a reason.
Awesome tango night at The Beehive!
Cool place.
Thanks Josh.
We are happy to have you on board coach!
I know, I wasn't at the meeting.
:
: hey!
Question of the day what sound does a goldfish make?
Thank YOU for the follow.
We need all of the supporters we can, to help end homelessness in America once and for all.
Specimens, or crosssections, or mounts.
Meant to be used for botanical identification, useful for craft history too.
Yes, incredible
In other, non related news.
never emails me back.
Jerk.
it says not yet 
who casts u5 for Grimm and leverage
...the strongest force within you.
According to Albert Edward Wiggam Is Your Mental Image Of Your self.
Thanks for joining ZoomShift!
If you any questions about getting started feel free to contact us.
Can you give me a call at the NFLPA office or DM me, business question
Nice ball movement
fall break 's late night movie time!
Almazbek Atambaev Will Probably Be Kyrgyzstan's Next President via
Two of my FAVORITE Music Ministers EVER!
Still a fan of both you guys!
that's good too !:
This has got to be the longest bus journey IN MY LIFE :/
YES, NOW WE JUST GOTTA MAKE SURE IT'S WEDNESDAY AND WELL BE ALL SET
Sidenote: I need a twitter coach, any takers :
Friendship is about trust.
I've lived on Oklahoma City most of my life, and yet every severe weather season, the TV weather people mention towns I've never heard of.
w/Alexandoctor Greeley getting ready for a Chef Aaron McCloud lunch feast!
NUCLEAR MEDICINE TECHNOLOGY
Thanks for the RT !
We hope the article provided you with some important takeaways!
He dead.
Really I only flirt with the rage.
I'm a hairless monkey spinning on a watery rock.
Tomorrow I'll do pushups to keep the chimp at bay.
Charm??.?.
RT : I think Romney is waiting for the last ten minutes to turn on the charm.
checking in on the educationfocused Apple event...
Can you snort Valium?
I am asking for a friend.
Coyote Ugly New Orleans for the Win!
Let's get Ugly!
I woke up sick:/ and am feeling better now:
Rich, fatty foods are like destiny: they too, shape our ends.
Ok, you asked for it, I uploaded the free admission pass  who remembers how to find it??
haha well sell the books haha
Ballin' is my hobby Clay Matthews
Haha that is true!
Tried to stop eating all of the chocolate at work.
Pile of wrappers next to mefail.
nstead of studying.
I'm so ready 
Finished a new bomb today with now need to finish 3 more!!!!
Lost 5 in about 5 minutes to the quarter slots at the CalNeva.
I'm a cowboys fan and I say he's a sure fire hall of famer without a doubt
AYE AYE AYE me  u, imma tell u one time.
RT if you remember the boy in the grey hoodie!
Extremely cute guy at the mall, but with his mom and dad..
Meerkats recognise another member of their social group by the sound of their voice, according to scientists
thats the truth!
There is now.
Check out new look on With Eric West
he always does!!
; ps he misses you!
time to start franchising?
NF Ms Diva back ....
Hope u enjoyed your bday partying.
It was great seeing you  partying w/all of u.
See u soon :
Husband: I don't know why you wear a bra, you've go nothing to put in it.
Wife: You wear briefs, don't you?
MU has to win 2 to get a 2 seed.
Not a huge difference between the 2 and 3 seed though, so don't burn out.
Tribe Steppaz vs.
Icue vs.
Chuck B  Rock the funky beat/ Tribe Steppaz  Playa Hate...
coming soon on Hum Fi Dub records, Los Angeles
coffee with your man
home game or in a casino?
Preach the Word!
Be prepared in season and out of season!
2Timothy4:2 graduation 2day!
As leaders never forget this verse!!!
Just had the schwag delivered for Sundays Jewish Federation of Las Vegas charity poker tournament, come one and all and have a great time !
Fuckoff I dont wanna hear what you have to say.
RT : You can only give a person so many chances before they start to take advantage of your forgiveness.
Six occupysd protesters have committed themselves to a hunger strike until police allow structures back in the Civic Center.
Of course the 85 bus is late this morning it's on time maybe once a week...
15 minutes and counting
changed my life...
Aren't we all!
Where are you headed?
Louie is the best comedy on TV.
And it's not even Easter.
Testing Entourage Beta on one machine, IE 8 beta on another.
ATT Hackathon is starting at F5 Networks, 24 hours of fun
I94 repaving project is much nicer with someone else doctorving!
Doing some writing and thinking not move related and it is nice to once again exercise my brain.
Oh how I missed you rhetorical thought.
Happy Muhfckin New year...
Make it a good one!

thanks Marc and that is why I look at it as a true life skill when you learn and give to others, it makes it more fun also
That's cool.
So you have a birthday coming up...
haha, I thought of that right after I clicked tweet!
Hey now!!!!
Welcome bro:
I really want to just literally start playing violin...
I wonder why.
GM pastor
Was just keeping you informed .....and by the way thanks for the follow
If you have a culture which says throw out programmers that make mistakes you might as well...
give up
Ok yeah that.
Sure.
Any kid.
Today I went to one of the Twin Cities most romantic restaurants.
W.A.
Frost  Company.
They're offering a 6 course Vday dinner for 130.
Yes, singlepayer MedicareforAll would be much, much better  constitutional, cover everyone, save tons of money.
Might as well attend a high school game.
lame : We have announced it, but is at undefeated, 11 Houston.
Ha!
I see
I am so annoyed right now.
We have been experiencing issues all week!
What is going on over there?
SEASON 4 OF RHONJ STARTS TONIGHT!!!!
Don't you suppose that all the people who bought stocks late today will be hammered on Monday and Tuesday?
Thanks for the follow!!!
Let's do.
How's your Thurs or Fri eve?
I need a good lawn guy!!
The guy I had is no longer answering his phone!!
Who knows a good person?
Do you think he's like a Joaquin Phoenix?
Like if we shave him, and cut his hair, and get rid of the glasses, he might b hot?
Facebook has some of the gayest fucking rules ever
haha thanks Simon
thanks buddy
Always give a chase.
If you're easy to get, you'll be easy to forget.
Don't forget that Tango Lessons and S.I.N.
night are cancelled tomorrow.
They will resume next Tuesday!
Bed, Laptop, Food, doctornk  Family Guy  Perfect Night In3
Chris Christie Approval Rating Highest Ever Among New Jersey Residents.
The people of NJ have to support him or they will be dinner.
Damn I need to borrow somebody netflix password
Why do people do stupid she like get red, white, and blue hair?!?!
Then get mad when people look!!
We would love to help your customers take their heating and air needs to the next level with temperature automation!
i heart
Off to the house.
I have class tonight.
I want to get some time to chill and eat before class tonight.
Now I know who to go to next time!
:
edcampcincy homework Can we FLIP things around?
The PRACTICE time should be with the teacher.
Can we do the presentation somewhere else?
Ready for the Heatgame tonight 
No, I don't want to follow Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter, Twitter.
Quit suggesting it.
I don't care how much they paid you.
Stop.
Just..no
Thank you!!
HOLD MAH DICK
Blink182  your existence
Mad Men, Arrested Development
I didn't do anything my school just taking stuff way to far..
nice.
Yah it was way rad
when r u off
I bet if I used that line, it just might work.
Know why I never get on here anymore?
Because over half of my tweets are GONE!
??
Anyway, I'm still around.
Doing art and writing novel.
waiting for to get home...
I miss her
TREE INFOTreat Birch Trees for Bronze Birch Borer!
Preventive application best as adult borers not affected by post infestation treatment.
Lets all have a great week filled with an abundance of great opportunities!
As much as I hate my mom sometimes I don't know what'd I'd do without her pyscho ass loveyou 
West Hollywood!!!
Gay Pride Parade today, hope the sun comes out of the closet soon too
Good answer for a Sunday morning!
You can like people music if they in yo city pay homage fuck hate.
Hatef, meet RT : Excited to meet your new New Media Director!
Congrats
yeah.
I gottcha cars....
I'm just kinda scared cuz I don't wanna go to jail..
I've never been and it don't sound fun at all
The 1M question: Do you know what you would say to a donor who asked, What would you do w 1M?
Injured Pop Warner Player Undergoes Surgery
oh man it's awesome!!
If your dad doesn't want to go let me know!
I believe i'm more excited :
Don't know of any family over there now, but do know that's the origin of my last name.
Been in the US for several generations tho.
Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving and made it back home safely.
Anybody do any community service?
Tweet us all about it.
Mom they're not racist...
Dude, your first name is Meyers.
You shouldn't taunt anyone.
Pump up phrase of the day is: Get Some.
Use and abuse it players!
I just read in the black voice that Jordan BarkleyMagic weighed in on King James more black on black hate
Motorcyclist just doctorve from 10th Ave to 9th Ave alongside Lincoln...
On The Sidewalk.
Don't think that counts as legally cutting lanes.
I havnt been on here like this in a while
before I heard this story, I never would've known that band geeks to hazing too.
Morning Tweeters!!!
What am I thankful for?!
It's Friday!!!
RT : Donate 100 to the indiefunda campaign and we cover in a 10 article series the topic of your interest :...
no ; demand !
i wonder if he cusses out mark reynolds in chinese under his breath every time he makes an error
and I make some pretty good pancakes .
Sorry we won't be there.
Have great carols and better times!
RT : Eve of the eve in about 5 hours!
I'm just going to assume you Retweeted that cuz you think i'm supercool, not cuz you're making fun of me
With my babeh!!
but yeah there is this one guy that says it while meaning it.
And there's U :D 3 3 3 seriously thank u
Rehearsing with Nat,Alex,Thomas,David,and Quasim.Can't believe im the only girl in the band.
:D
i wanna go to new york man....
At the gym trying to be buff.
: I think I have a ways to go.
What happened to SouthBeachTow did I miss it
justin I am really sick could u tell me to feel better if u do I will feel better plzzz!
Sick sick!!
I want you to be my boothang 3.
Sat: Horseshoe Pitching Contest, Demolition Derby,  StockSemi, TriAxle Dump  4X4 Truck Pull
Howdy We still on for lunch?
Just come into Barkley and ask for me and we'll walk.
You can use garage
We're making a short film.
About a talking Goldfish.
Yep.
It's magic.
You have a website.
You are doing SEO.
But, are you doing any real marketing?
Testing slogans...really trying to sell your products?
M Johnny Depp!
Fire alarm's been going off in MIA AA D Concourse for a good 15 minutes now.
Is it impacting flights at this point?
Belinda Why do U have a seering headache why is my nervous system in shakes mode ask ASIAN female passenger on PCC/SHUTTLE
Despite the dopeness of TDKR trailer, those movies are still TOO depressing.
Over turned Semi Truck in Moon Twp.
Clean up underway, but Road is closed.
Stay away from University Blvd at Stoops Ferry Rd.
True dat!
RT : Ya need a Sheboygan hard roll for that double brat der!
and then you shit yourself.
Gained no followers, k.
RT this !
:
There's nothing I detest more than someone who constantly interrupts others bc they feel that their opinion holds far greater importance.
Every contrarian bone in my glorious body tells me Gold and Crude are moving down sooner rather than later.
getting ready to short em.
you told me you were from The chi I said what part you said Lorain where they do that at!
awww well thank you sweetie ; I appreciate that!
Using Tucson Alarm, instead of ADT, saves the average customer over 2,000 in the first 10 years of service.
Free doesn't look so cheap now.
is my idol, he goes through so much bullshit  haters.
I can never thank him enough for that.
Hell, there are no rules here  we're trying to accomplish something
You know how when you're supposed to be working, but it's too nice out so instead you sit outside and do nothing?
Yeah that.
Girls Only Party tomorrow come in your 'Moulin Rouge' best!!!
entrepreneurship, branding, the way tech/web is/has changed our world, an more!
looks like a great book, wish the link didn't take me to Amazon site.
I went birding and hugged a tree for Earthday, what did you do?
Good Morning!!
Love You All!!
is going to Philly for the weekend and hoping to check out the National Constitution Center for the first time!
It might be a long week if....you're already fried and it's only Monday.
Doh.
So excited to have you as a speaker at our Summit in May!
I'm so excited to see tonight!
This will be a great warm up session for !!
thnx for follow!
was he in a half shirt?
Details are necessary.
Hip hip hooray for
I have the best boyfriend in the world
Just won 7 str8 bball games ya boy was killing it.
now hookah bar time.
Love tonight's episode!
What is on your bucket list?
What would be included in your BEST party ever?
thank you :
Thanks Amanda :
I know, it was out there, no pics?
They did roll some of the ideas into OkCupid Locals...
Been under the weather!
Tired and most of all starting my life anew.
2010 is gonna be good.
Do you like and And you want 1/2 price lift tix Prez Day, and to board with us?
email me
please follow me gratias tibi ago
Gettin My Twitter professorle was viewed 166 times today!
Click here to see who views your professorle that takes to a survey site.
dude what the fuck?!!?
:l i'm sorry about that shit.
today can ONLY get better.
it fucking better.
RT : .
we help you get followers just follow us and the owner ...
Help Indy Reads win 10,000 w/ Indy Indians LEND A HELPING GLOVE!
Vote for FREE.
Text READS to 86132  more info  www.indyreads.org
Having an early dinner tonight ruined my motivation to work.
I'm forcing myself to do it though.
Kicking and screaming.
very true!!
Lol
watch your fuckin mouth sludge.
You're still my protege.
walking across mass ave to the Berklee building
can't wait to see you!
You really should see Armitage Gone!
Dance at MCA tonight.
But accept the earplugs distributed at the door.
Serious love to all on the streets now.
MT : My May Day was underwhelming what with moving...
Keep fighting, comisterdes.
I think you just seen me at my nastiest..
ohwell youstillwantme 
Oh wow!!
Using a big word out of context doesn't make you any smarter!
So dumb!
Finally, got to change my professorle pic and months of trying.
nowplaying Last Night on Earth Green Day
you too Judy how is everything in your world?
Dirty Money Give Me Dirty Looks
boy me too
haha I'm not sure I'm Bro enough for these.
Even tho she is being petty
derailedThe Cain Train/derailed
Solid work!!
Thanks for posting!!
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star.
AAR Receives FAA Approval for 747400 Oxygen System Retrofit  The Leading Aviation Industry Resource for News, Equipment and
You know someone who knows me?
ugh!
I need info and is not loading.
I'm trying to plan my bday, people!
What is the state of the field of military history?
Pretty bleak so far.
Juju's petals!
Bumbles bounce!
etc.
I prescribe a dose of classic Christmas movies and TV programs.
I tuned in to see on the TV.
Why isn't on my TV!?
thanks for the shout out!
thanks for the grat breakfast and service today at our CEO Panel!!
LOL true.
I might have to miss that one too..
or spend the game tweeting trash.
lol
Wrong word?
Thought that was the term ...
I know you do!
All that swirling and different fonts.
It's just like a movie.
I've been up since 6 this morning.
This is way too early to be up during summer break.
New to the area?
We'd love to have you in!
Tyler pimping EMC and VNX at the first VCE event in PA!
How's that for hashtags?
null
Watch sex and the city 2 OR a deadly firefight with the Taliban Hmm..Get my Guns!!!!
Bahahah such a weirdo RT : Omg 1,000 reasons I love mario GIVE ME THAT FILET OF FISH
That explains it.
Worst food in the world.
she ordered my phone ealier today,its gon be here by thursday hopefully or before that
Who invited you into our league anyway,
How was lunch?
i love youu to :
Oh hey, im sorry to tell you that we accidentally cut off your daughter's legs; x'D man i hated that demanding sub.
So you know, Neil and the munchkin are in the dome, but I'm having way more fun watching the game and reading tweets!
apparently we are all guitarists over here!
You're lucky to have met Austin, Alex, and Mama Mahone.
What is not obvious?
:.
Doing an economics study guide for our final test.
its 86 questions.
And I have a 100 Question government study guide to do.
I just virtually insulted someone but then gave em like a virtual hug afterwards, ah the power of the internet.
4real go download my young mix tape and new tracks I got bars lol
all I know is the Buena vista in the SFO united terminal will have a bar stool with my name on it in a few hours
thank you for your follow :D Blessings to you my new friend!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was to thirsty for followers now I see that don't matter
Email Marketing  SocialMedia SMM  True Engagement
The moon looks so beautiful right now
Ultimately, this is a practice in letting go.
Thank you, yoga.
i only look good in a couple pics
We are officially a two income family again!
This is great since I never became a librarian to support a fam of 4.
Lol!
Has way more in common with that you might've thought.
And, there's beer.
Good to meet u guys
Bingo and then date night with my booski!
Much needed doctornks:
haha, same here.
What would your song be?
I used to think mine shd be Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap.
Im boutta tweet random stuff ...
How Amare get hurt after the game?
I think someone is trying to avoid embarrassment.
Smh I smell a broom sweepin up knickerbockers.
glad you guys are having fun :
10 Things You Don t Know About We Bought A Zoo  Star Matt Damon The holiday season always brings about some great famil
yes sir, ryan in nc agrees
Good morning!
Mocha Java and House blend brewed today!
Got a few fundoctoriser orders in!
So strange  my students could do similar effects on PP  but they were a revelation in 1977!
Hell yeah n glad of it!!
Taught me well rt: have you ever had your heart broken?
NowPlaying Stand I love this song so much!
WHAT?
No STREAMING ON 95.5?
It's my only way to listen tonight.
How's spring break going?
Any big plans?
I'm starting to know the Charlotte airport too well.
yes bruins won 3344
Jackie Moon: I , Jackie Moon, will wrestle a bear.
Free advice: threatening to write a bad review on TripAdvisor will not result in getting something that is impossible to do, in any event.
I've heard magnesium/zinc supplements help as well
Anyone planing a cable protector for the c300 ?
Those two monitor leads freak me out a bit :/
Who else likes the smell of Rain for some reason?
It's totally understandable that he would cut a deal.
Sorry for your loss Doyle.
Happy Easter!!
Congrats to  I think 1300 Fan Pages is a Facebook record.
lol
RT About to enjoy two days off in a row?
A humble reminder that workers had to fight for a 40 hour work week.
,thank you my friend for so many Rts
I do not care if its not freezing.
Im always cold.
So today im warm and cozy: yesh!
FavMusic BigTimeRush KCA ?they deserved this award for all there hard work?
I hate telemarketers!
I'm always baffled when my mother comes in my room.
I can't stand stupid
wow I mention jb and everyone is after me.
Hope all is well Jan!
awh thanks girl.
:
Hi, I was just wondering if you had to call the registration line on your website to register or if you do it through email?
follow me bak !
Whoever invented 'not giving a fuck' is a fucking genius
was saved by my smart phone.
Hyatt wanted 15 to scan and email 3 pages.
Found a FedEx store 2 blocks away that did it for 6.
oh forgot you went cold turkey on the cymbalta.
Bad idea.
Oh sorry my internet is down.
There's a construction going on next to my house, I think they cut my cable off.
: yessir bringing PositiveEnergy to the world Couldn't be more ready to make it happen brotha
Thank you for watching!
Blessings!
2 cartons of grape juice instead of 1
The camaro lookin legit right now
On book 6 of the Sookie Stackhouse series!
Going through withdoctorws already!
Hope Charlaine Harris writes more quick!
Whoever said you can't fold a piece of paper in half 8 times has clearly never seen me wipe my ass with the last sheet of toilet paper.
That awkward feeling when you realize that you somehow inadvertently doctorssed like Mork today and it's too late to do anything about it.
Last night was insane but so much fun xD
google runs shit.
point blank
Cowboys!
That is all.
Hello Tweeps, help me s/o Happy Bornday to my fam !
About ready to watch LSU lose!
: The gym is calling my name, but my bed is holding me captainve.
firstworldpains
Everyone Support Single Release Monday : D !
And Follow Her !!!!
Now!
Haha yes lawd!
It's def gonna be hard to pull out of the parking lot on Friday..
One must hav a good understanding
you  are all talking on my voicemail lol
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
a lot of them say to just take out the battery which I'm sure you've tried
Ahahahaha.
You'll be fine!!!
Nothing to worry about.
Your life won't be taken from you.
Aha!
JChuck
thanks for the mention, if you're still in UWS you should join us for a pickup game or group fitness activity!
Beaverton School levy failing at this hour...This is a district that really supports it's schools.
KOIN Local 6 News
Who wants FREE OIL changes?
Last Chance 2 hours left one maintenance package remains.
Call Tony 560.1383
I don't like him, but I have a lot of respect for him.
Going after Brock even tho his mouth was all bloody was great.
Although I missed start of the speech, so didn't hear this...
MT Tells tale of gay soldier who heroically saved a life during WWII
Oh man, LeRoy Bell's voice is so smooth!
Now that's talent!
I wasted 15 bucks on the juke box last night just to hear Broken Social Scene and The Smiths play next.
LOVE it.
Ps how cool is it that Ohio had 4 teams in the sweet 16
my head spun around so fast i was like WHAT.
Just watched , a doc about Magnetic Fields.
Delighted to learn that Stephin Merritt resides in Los Angeles.
hahahaha!
Yeah so everytime the women in black popped up id always end up facing the people behind me !
I was SO scared!
.
hope the NBALOCKOUT is done tomorrow.
I need something to watch and I'm not white enough to watch
Happy Women's Day!
We're always voted CLE's top Mexican restaurant!
We'd love to see you 'aqui'!
Thanks so much.
Please spread the good word.
what's your favorite austin cover?
:
lol.
Those rap battles are pretty cool.
Eminem tore it up.
thanks for the tip!
I will try strawb  guava asap :D
still counting down...
get ready for sept 26...
it's not that far away...
Back atcha!
Can't wait to see what's in store for you, lady!
PerfectGuyForMeIs Someone I can trust
at least they are scoring.
Our wings couldnt score on prom night right now
Sometimes I'm just so happy to sit in bed, watch Reno 911,!
and eat waffle crisps.
Now that I am starting school again, I might have to leave Facebook.
It is a great big distraction!
i am so happy i found on here.
it is really her.
Are DMV workers required to hit an uglify button before printing out your license?
Christ.
Have always been a Peyton fan, but not a bronco fan.
What will happen to Tebow?
the worse for us is 2nd Saturday.
Bands of doctornken aholes roaming the streets.
I've been telling close friends that it's not really about God, Jesus, or religion; the true battle here is between humans  psychopaths.
New team registration process will be launched for summer 2010 season.
This release includes open registration for leagues.
Final game of ptdka taking less time than I needed to type this.
Ha.
I'm watching that too.
Make yo money Rickie Lee  yes!
In traffic on the turnpike smh!!
And this dude from S.C trying to holla 
really surprising comments coming from espn : Joey Votto deal right where it belongs...below Pujols and above Fielder
Passion breads success!
Are you passionate about what you do?
RIP AJ Davis
you would be nothing without my subliminal motivation...
Jim Carrey is winning
Rain boots kinda day :
100 refund if I'm not 100 on at least two picks.
Only 50 entire weekend..
TopShelfBets.com
Benefit for the East Lansing Art Festival
Ask to follow back: thx to 105 followers, love u guys!
Ms.
Jen is getting ready for Tots Tuesday happening at 10:30 in the library!
Kids will be making awesome rainy day pictures!
just a feeling i got about you lol
Im King Bitch Though3
They are playing Taylor Swift on four different stations in Kentucky right now.
I finally found a reason to come home.
You know, because I'm a horrible person.
Blech!
Less oaky than I thought.
And if it's cold enough, I can't taste it.
Ha!
this is my first year at IU when i haven't dated anyone.
glad to see i'm headed in the right direction.
Welcome STARTALK participants and families!
Ok...
u just missed one on sunday...
but i will let you know when and where the one in may will be..
I aint see y'all in so long!!
thx for the rt!
Loved my first night of cooking.
Turned out great.
Looking forward to tonight's dinner.
After I do the dishes!
; 
I've gone from subbed to digest to browser bookmark to wait til someone tells me I should look :
FF these social folks:
I have neglected you.
Or gave you a bit of a vacation...
Either way, get ready!
yeah; between the blinding agony in my spine, TheWalkingDead  Spartacus, I haven't been doing a lot of sleeping lately ;
It's so cold in my office that I have stopped aging
anytime Roman
See you in a bit.
Lost some followers from that Jesus tweet.
x
wish oomf woulda stayed up a little longer..
I can't wait until wednesday so i can stop depending on people to take me places
Here's a Holiday tip: TAKE A DAY OFF!
I will if you will....
yess definitely!!
I miss you too!
And tell the rednecks that I miss them too haha
are there unofficial accounts using your name?
I love how my mom is blasting old 70s RB at midnight.
Now go to sleep...
BEACH TIME!!!
if true...
what a shame.
RT insiders reporting governor walker will refuse to veto the provision harming craft brewers.
The Green Line is a a spectacle: snaking paths, some lines at floor level in subway stations, trains stretched upwards
Initially the shirts sold out.
Due to the high demand we're backlogged a bit, please be patient it should be arriving any day.
ITS ALMOST MAY WHICH MEANS ITS ALMOST GEMINI TIME!
be careful out there pittsburgh it's slippy!
Don't see any tweets from ACRL Scholarly Communication Workshop at FSU.
Guess I'll start.
Lets see those abs when you have earned that tshirt !
Got a B in my personality class that I did all my work in the last 2 weeks for lol..
wish it would b dis easy for history class..
had those oreos yesterday!
YouWasSexyUntil you started talking.
Shut the hell up, bitch.
Do you think youre in love with your songs?
Is this a good idea?
Glad you were here to enjoy it!
We always love to see you!
Wanting a shirt because it say Australia on it.
Banjo time.
I Need A Walk 
in order to supply your full daily recommended of vitamin SUGAR?
Thanks for joining us on Cinco de Mayo!
yes  beat him in Oz the yr he got final  also at WTF's last yr.
I plan on getting that game once it gets to 10 range.
How long is the game?
PISSED my mom is on my last nerve 
It was a pleasure speaking at the Indiana Commission for Economic Education Annual Awards Ceremony.
Hope everyone is having a great Friday!
And I got the exact same nonMetrorelated message from all five accounts.
I call it spam.
That was an epic party!
I did thank u
doctoram Job will be sharing the stage with States WedSept.14 8pm This will no doubt be a fun show!
Our website is down until tomorrow, please see our temp site at www.deidhrafaheyphotography.com!
awww tell her i said ur welcome nd my mom said tell her thanks :
Hampstead hill academy uses student achievements  the arts.
Ft dance, music  art teacher.
Budget dedicated to consumables for materials.
Got my mind on my money all I need is a bad bitch.
glad you stumbled!
Thank you!
HAHAHA What the hell was that Caballo.
let me kno when ill go
Couple of turnovers.
Kings down by 1 with 10:09 mins left in the half.
Score 34 to 32.
Rip Joe Pa We will always love u
I love girls
Can't wait to get my new system in my car !!
I know you do :
Chicago a cappella sings brand new concert of spirituals at Wentz Hall, Saturday Feb 4, 8pm!
Tix at door.
ok, i can see how that would work for a different aspect of my stuff than what i was thinking of before.
I Want You Back ?
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional  Chili Davis
all fine thanks
If one more person says that about me!
Lol RT : u so sometimesy lol
Cowokers convinced I am old/lame.
Off to cash in Comfort One groupon to prove them right
With Jacob :
Chicken butt!
Go around the corner and look it up!
Thats whats up.
Sometimes I feel sorry for doctor Guillotin.

With that, you're looking hale and hearty today!
Thank God for Life and Experiences
hi cutie : hows your day going?
please follow guys:ily
I'm extremely proud to say that I don't know who Vinny is.
I'll take it!
I celebrated Tuesday by doctorving 240 miles through the Sonoran desert and changed a flat tire at the halfway point.
The Golden Archipelago leaked.
My life is complete, a month early.
As do the dying see the heavens in their last hours so do this dying world in the last hours of Christ return.
Okay.
Finally unlinking Twitter posts from everywhere.
That should do it.
Women especially, strong arm robberies are what the fellas love to do to you.
They will rip that phone from your hands with ease
If so, I'd love to hear about it.
Search and destroy, baby.
o/u on Kobe's FG this postseason 41
RTL essays are evil.
I sent a text to my hubs that he is a tasty snackysnack...but autocorrect made it snarky snack.
He was like WTH?
Hey Farmers...Grand Reserve Headband is back and ready for roasting....come by and check it out.
;
take a photo, go to menu or something and select send to twitter.
Thats how it is on mine, it should be similar on your phone.
Big projects in the works!
I am excited but exhausted...time to SLEEP.
: Of woman not born, a king he can slay!
Who knew a Csection could save a whole play?
SeussSpeare WomensHealth
These stupid surveys suck
I lyk it loud
Scared me when he said NAP haha thats my initials haha!
:
Hey!
waddup bro?!
Foursquare!
I'm a Celtics fan, comisterde.
Good use of peon, which I didn't expect as I suspected you to be a plebeian.
NIT Ticket Giveaway starts NOW!
Follow us and RETWEET by NOON on Tuesday for a chance to win 2 tix to the game!
Looking for a new laptop.
Must be a workhorse, but light weight.
Appreciate any and all suggestions.
RT : Currently 50 off all Whistling Straits AdidasAshworth Apparel All used clubs are 30 off!
Sun Mountain Micro Cart 150
Ravens' Ray Rice hosts antibullying forum in Howard County  Baltimore Sun
The review for Haywire is up on the site, but FB seems to not like my link, so you will have to head over and check it out yourself.
I'm on the opposite side of the states!
Portland, OR.
So sad 
My biggest problem with BOs flip flop...
he said he was against it because he is christian and God was in it.
So where did God go in 3 yrs
you're not crazy!
Its true!
Lol it would be bigger than Austin's dick ;
They go to that place where they find guys to admit they take Viagra.
Thanks for the tweet David!
I stay up late every night and realize its a bad idea every morning
excellent launch!
Thanks for sharing.
Ready for another session of AFTALAC with !
I'm voting No!
But who trusts my opinion....
Dinner out with friends tonight, then will be looking for some good local San Diego music.
Any suggestions?
Thank you so much :
Clogs!
Sanita is best brand, not wood bottoms.
Ways to improve gas mileage...
Change air filter, reduce load weight like golf clubs, Properly inflated tires, use recommended octane gas
Still trying to figure out how a good night turned into getting ban from the Palazzo and the Venetian FOREVER.......
In April, TPS helped a design firm write an article for a publication for business leaders.
Are we about to eat a box of pizza today.
So glad you made it in, thank you
saved lives in Vegas.
Conference logistics simplified and reckless nightlife easily coordinated.
I'm hooked.
S.I.N.G.L.E.
Stuck In Nocturnal Girl  Love Evaluation.
L.O.V.E.
Look Over Various Emotions.
Will I ever find love ain't no telling
Peace,love and soul
Thinking about the inauguration
Jim...I, for one, will not miss the NBA season.
Loved it.
You've got a future with Leno.
You my friend, are one hell of a man.
I put this Coconut Ciroc up in her Cake batter.....
DC shuts off the spigot; GeoEye thinks there's only enough cash for one fat  happy photographer.
I smell a ripefordisruption opportunity.
Working on a new book: It's called Entries of a Bored Teenager With a Chronic Disorder for now...
I swear is white.
Change his name from Efe to Edward  we should swap skin colors.
Life would be easier for the both of us.
RT : Return the skyline to the sky.
No building you build can be high enough to reach the sky.
Still got the Heat winning this game tho!
I call mine my bearadactyl.
How you gone wanna watch my house but not stay on my block
Blessing: Feeling major baby movement today.
I forgot the feeling until it hit me..
Literally.
I blaze on a path untried, prayin to the heavens like it's do or die.
Still they can't see it in me, how can you be my brother G?
Watch tomorrow in the 8am  10am hour to see hit Ted Williams talk about his new book
We sure that's not 2 years 0.7 million?
RT: Source now confirms done deal for Jacoby Jones two years, 7 million
Downtown St.
Louis Live entertainment this weekend in Red.
Tony Simmons Duo performs both nights from 9pm12am.
See you there!
I've been home alone all day!
: I've had way too much time to think.
sounds trivial only until you are trying to walk across campus with a blister on your heel.
Then you see the wisdom.
:
Do you need to take a model of being an artist that is Selfless or SelfCentered Can't it be both
Feeling lucky this Friday?
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for a chance to win a free pizza weekly!
Normal messaging rates apply.
Shoutout to Purple Aires for that aweso,e performance of Battle of Jericho!
...But where was the descant?!
RT : Speaking this afternoon in Da Town 's home growngot ya strap!!
thank you!
33
can't wait to see TimeMachine by on Saturday!
this is the last weekend
Let me butt in and say nice meeting you too.
Will see you in a bit at the Health IB session.
thanks for the follow now i can mess with u on twitter instead of doing it  the front desk
another beautiful day on the waters of alamitos bay!
who is up for a sunset ride?!
call or email us to reserve!
5625462493
thanks for blogging our letter protesting the PayPalBan, and for the contest you're running!
Great idea :
new era of music is here its making a turn with youth we have
Sitting in psyc reciting the names of santas reindeer.
Good Morning Bro's And Hoes
I just now saw this Direct Message.
Yes I did get your paper.
hay how r u ?
How man more to go ??
There are thieves in the temple tonight.
are you mad?
Hating Stuck on runway again for over two hours, absolutely ridiculous.
Successful day off!
Filed my taxes, hit the gym, and am halfway through my to do list for the week.
Bring it, Wednesday!
Sorry, we didn't want you to miss out on all the fun!
;0/
i miss pensacola beach
On The Phone W.
This Lame
CoolI will definitely look for you!
Had a doctoram last night we were in 'The Horan Hall Hunger Games' ...
I barely even paid any attention to them before and now I find the wedding pins from all over a little much to handle.
It's super strange.
dude if those kids be bitching lemme kno!
They hit u up for a reason lol
doctornk On It NowPlaying and very soon Happening with my sweet thang
Give Me Your Tumblr Links!
WE.
ARE.
FIGHTING.
I'm so glad I'm not watching this game.
Regular season college baseball games are not worth the stress.
don't forget about Jimmy The Greeks copy of The Origin Of Species
pay my fines online?!
what is this magic?
so true...: Ladies you can't change him.
That's God's job.
The only women that ever changed me were babysitters.
youllgetitlater
I took Spanish 3 last semester and doctorpped out over Christmas break!
I barley passed first semester even with the translator!
I'm leaving today
So far this week has gone by horrible nosleep I just can't stop thinking....
I just reuploaded.
Check it out!
On a brighter note, Hey Lovlies!!!
hey hey , rolnicze disco .
These dogs go from apocalypsescale troublemaking to snoring like 220 lb hoomans in the space of 10secs
and I'm not
I love it when I remember something happy.
Puts me in a good mood.
Of course I did!
kidatheart :
To prevent contraception  wear a condominium.
Just posted my first 'request' song titled Seasons Its a TMBG style nerdpop ode to the 4 seasons, and no, not the band.
Check it out!
I try not to judge if you misspell my name in a reply email even though it is in both the From field and my signature, but no promises.
Six days until Christmas...Do you have your shopping done?
What's your favorite gift that you are giving this year?
Just updated my iPhone to 3.0.
Update was easy, connecting to the Itunes store to activiate took a few tries, but worked.
So far so good.
doctorving crosscountry listening to Gandhi's autobiography online!
So inspiring!
When you walk through the garden...you better watch your back.
No school for me
HAPPY THURSDAY YA BETCHES!!!
Meds are kicking in and I'm PUMPPPEEDD WHO!!!!
RT : RT : is training Fellows about on camera experience.
NLCInstitute.
Look good, sound good...
doctorving after midnight?
Yup.
That means it's time for Coast to Coast AM!
What could be better than MeanMugMusic!
Am I wrong?
Hey  these clouds are making me nervous for Saturday, can I get a Gold Cup forecast???
shyt I'm n stone mountain now boo
yeap but at that time I was a strong Republican, then after thinking and examinging things I changed
Engaged in learning: professorcient
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings
Money ain't every thang but it the only an my niggas boy they keep it maintain
i know there are a few different groups that will be dancing, dont know the particular version.
it will be just before 4pm
A hat is not a hat unless it's tilted Frank Sinatra
Forget love, I'd rather fall in chocolate.
Sandoctor J.
Dykes
justathought At the end of the day, Sex always wins...it's the Undefeated Heavyweight Champ of the world
I bet there's always a 20 year lag on symbols involving any humanmade contraption, since contraptions are ideas.
You were one of my first convo's on here.
The holds a special place.
I was a Virgin Tweeter!
My son also has a CHD.
He's 4 and has Tetralogy of Fallot.
Can't wait for with 2nite.
They are pants one wears over ones regular pants when ones sits on bus seats others have previously sat on.
Sheldon
i'm upset.
I'm imagining cuddling up to Jacky.
I'm less upset
I'll be at the New Wines of Greece booth!
Take care of your body.
It's the ONE element in life we somewhat have control over, so don't take it for granted.
Ah, there was some snark tonight.
And I never did make it to but congrats to all the MFAs.
Allergies ....
SUCK!
nice toss orton!
oh wait, that's the orton we know.
Two weeks and counting.
Do you have your tickets yet?
I hate protestors that bring young childoctorn; OWS bring your parents, grandparents, aunts  uncles for next peaceful protest.
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing
I only pooped once today.
Thank you caramel ricecakes for saving a half a roll of toilet paper I guess
We searched for English by subject  by entering English as a search and we got the full listing of courses in course guide.
Tweets getting favorited from
I'm from the Box this how we speak moolah Moolah Shufflin fasst!!!
We've dubbed a dinosaur a scutosaurus.
Or as Kenneth Branaugh says: scootasaurus.
Busy day.
3 jobs to wrap up.
Will keep you posted.
Lord give me strength
at the moment, I use flip to introduce novel...introduce terms that will come up in discussion...ie protagonist, etc
Thx for the mention.
Did you stop by for lunch/dinner?
I generally don't flatten people.
:/
: you should record her and post it
First day wearing shorts in the chi and just realized how white I am..
LilWayneSongsILove Lollipop, How To Love, Let It Rock...
Wish I could throttle my payments to like throttles my data plan.
goshh how can Emily Osment cry that much on command?
thats talent i tell ya.
holla he works the PopHour and if ya available come see what ya can cook up..
John Rother: More is not always better in health care.
Many times less is better.
Happy Birthday George Strait!
:
The greatest good we can do for others is not just to share our riches with them, but to reveal theirs.
Zig Ziglar
please continue to lift my son jesse in prayer his in jail n he needs jesus n healing for his thyroid thank u frome the botom 3
MadMen is too short!!!
Bring on the indecipherable previews....
I swear as soon as you make your move to the top, people always wanna pull you down!
At ocwcglobal conference.
From  lessons on what opencourseware community should learn from open source community
.
A happy month it is!
Hahah have fun!
congrats on the bebe!
Mke to Chicago and am now in St.
Louis.
We're neighbors...kind of:
: did yu see that RT the other day.
?
Some dude in FL played it in the club.
Frfr I didn't see it..
Wow
on choruses yeah but that That Girl track he did good with his rap
Head shot nigga fuck your vest!
so good!
At American clergy leadership conference pastors prayer breakfast to
Not advisable.
And interests along the entire north.
Gulf of Mexico coast should monitor the progress of this disturbance.
Is so good!
hah, very cute.
Check out sweet, sexy, cool
going HAM he on it d studio is rockn it out u have 2 check them out live 1 day
You not coming to Belen's wedding?
Follow along to learn amore about African development and
Lol okay so my babe wants me to post something cute....But what's cuter then him?
:3
TheMottoILiveBy Fast money, fast cars, and even faster women.
: Thank you too!
Homaygaaahhhd.
Lady Gaga will be in Manila on May?!!
Can't miss this!!!!
I love you even if we live 1000000 miles away from eachother : 3
If we don't kill ourselves, we'll be the leaders of a messed up generation.
that sounds about right.
i'm sure he loves having you back in town :
Will you pleasseee wish my friend Rosie a happy bday too?
:
any progress at the meeting with doctorichardMason?
Movie day in the archives, watching the digital transfer of an archival film for QC!
Thanks 4 the advice yesterday!
Feel a lot better.
Yep, really cool spot!
You'll have to come out when I get a gig here!
In a crisis, don't hide behind anything or anybody.
They are going to find you anyway.
Bear Bryant
spliffs  jazz music
We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only
Living the single life
I'll get them to follow you when they're online but lol you want me to unprotected it for u?:b
that was 's idea
don't think Obama made the right move for our black community!!
I feel like you'd have a big dick
Sounds wonderful...
on my next break maybe I should make some tea.
Oh, the weather outside is frightful, but the books inside are so delightful!
Marathon reading of Maximus Poems at Ocean Beach on Saturday, February 25th starting at noon!
email for details
Did someone leave the cake out in the rain?
If you are a wise man train up a son who will be pleasing to God
I have never been in a room with more minorities till now
Busy week planned, but it's all good!
RIP Dick Clark!
bet you'll be glad when the meeting's over!
:
Now Following Cause Im Infatuated With Her Twitter Name...
Yessurrryy
Condensing a full lab into a cell phone...
possible?
Listening to some potentials at WBBA Mobilizing Miracles
is access to knowledge as good or even superior to the acquisition of it
Kick him!
You know you want to.
Pray without ceasing !
Pray for family , enemies , government , strugglers .
Everyone !
I should have hung out longer to night but: 1.
I'm tired 2.
I'm exhausted
80plus vendors expected at this weekend39;s Home Improvement Expo
agreed.
He's proud that he went to Tulane instead of Harvard like his brothers because he feels more grounded.
You are most certainly welcome!
Go follow the instagram
But we need to make the surface parking lots on which they sometimes stand very expensive to own.
thanks.
Sis.
Tee.
Pastor Lomax wrote one of the recommendation letters that got me accepted 2yrs.
Ago!
;
It's just take'n time out to live!
Nexon America is an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcomes diversity
crazy 18th birthday party.
She's a little wild to say the least.
Good thing someone started a fight and it was over at 11:30
Your welcome!
Welcome, Claire!
Thanks for the support!
That coffee date we had really set me on a great course : xoxo
I have mosquito bites EVERYWHERE.
Stupid little bitches!
5 mile run!
Without debilitating fatigue after!
6 mile run, here I come.
It's freakin' hot dude .
Not cute 
just watched a rerun of Uzbek episode.
God this was one of the most entertaining ones!
what's good brah
Don't feel good today.
Ugh
Celtics need to doctorve, if they slow down then they need to ISo wit Pierce  all help get those rebounds if he misses.
It's Not A Bitch Dhat Will Tell Yhu Dhat
good luck with your reading crap tonight.
don't suck.
I finally figured out that Forward means Bend forward and grab your ankles.
I'm not done with you yet.
: Nothing in life is easy.
The things worth having are always worth fighting for.
Order sent to Beth in MD!
I LOVE YOU.
Yeah I Need A Better Method No Matter Wat I Say..Yell...It Gon One Ear Ot Da Other...
thx for coming!!
CV
There's a thin line between venting and whining.
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky
I like kobe and love the lakers but Jordan is Jordan.
There isn't no comparison.
No LebronJordan nor KobeJordan.
Just JordanJordan.
My inbox keep getting spammed 
A man shouldn't want a girlfriend he should want a wife  a woman shouldn't want a boyfriend she should want a husband.
It's a long way with out you ain't it?
But I ain't leaving any time soon baby np sammyadams
Going through my wardoctorbe over  over waiting 4 the band to wrap up a session downstairs.
Come on guys!
There's law  order reruns to watch!
GO FOLLOW and he will follow back EVERYONE!
It is not what we get.
But who we become, what we contribute...
that gives meaning to our lives  Tony Robbins
I havent used this in a minute
Enjoy movies deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
ch 7 fox life time the gym is fitness in penfield!
thank you very much!
After 4 hours of waiting  3 years of swim training event 42 boys 910 25M FLY is here.
Good luck Joseph!
Reach for the wall.
thank you::
I'm right there with you.
I would prefer they work on traffic views and improve navigation.
Only thing I miss about my doctorid.
Just took delivery of my 1979 Excaliber Phamton II, 350,000 well spent, might take it out for a doctorve tonight in downtown Atlanta
After that I turned off Fox News...
I don't want to see Mayweather and Bieber together in pictures anymore
where are you going to get an alligator to wrestle?
Or has the beast population risen since I left?
Now all you need to do is get Minecraft for Xbox and all forever aloneness will disappear!
lol
I love you no matter what other people think of you, you belong in 1D just as much as the others 333333333
1000 words.
Doublespaced.
Anytime.
Anywhere.
Happy Holidays everyone!
:
oh, haiiii Sam!
:
Old Country Potato Sausage today!
They're off the heezy!
I have triple D's!
Dense Delicious Double Chocolate Cordial Cherry Brownies!
Way to go RBJ Best of the Web
its called windows live movie maker..check if its in ur computer
I love just about every James Cagney movie  1961 Billy Wilder film One, Two, Three is no exception.
Funny cold war humor  smart dialogue
Wow, total psychopath.
that thing when you preheat the oven, cook something for 45 minutes,  when it's done, you realize eh, not what i'm craving.
Yess, I'd get you on video :
Hey TJ, is that your question on stackoverflow?
The venting convo I had with made me realize how much I'm gonna miss playing with him.
come to Paris and I'll def whip up something good

46 me  44...epicfail looks like and me for 3rd place tomorrow...
and for the ship.
Today is probably the last time my brother, sister, and parents will be together
Sorry, I just can't get over it.
the g in lasagna is silent
I want to take probably about 3/4 of the people in the western world and throttle them at the neck repeatedly.
WHY are you so CRAZY?!
: I wonder who this could be referring too oh lord .
Take a guess
Ya know 2day I saw the line  SAS 10.5  said damn, they aren't givin LAC ANY respect/chance.
I guess they were onto something shrug
Got tickets 4 Memphis n May: nun foo im so tired..
Wat yall doing
last time i had buffalo chicken i thought i was dying
Welcome to CTown!!!!
It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters.
Mother Teresa
Thanks!
I suppose that would be cool.
Hasn't come up yet!
is looking forward to playing golf with my dad this morning
I see how y'all are on twitter when it comes to famous people.
I'm going to make a SlanderTheAuthor account when I make it.
hello sweetheart!!!
going to sleep in a minute !
im tiredd.
I'm jealous.
I hate Bb
it will be, we have to wait for the person selling it to come in  ok the price
Evans.
Why not.
follow me please sexy!
i don't act like this towards all women.
just the annoying ones like you.
Santorum suspends campaign.
Gingrich coasts.
Paul trying 4 points.
Romney de facto nominee.
Bad time 4 commentators.
What ta talk bout?
RT : Great career advice/life lessons from, , in Peer to Peer...
I love how as soon as the class hears I'd like to point out..., a massive sigh sweeps across the classroom
Campaign Ad 2012: Sponsored By American Coalition For Clean Coal Electricity  Washington Post
I think it's a reality in America's health care system.
Could medicine beat all cancers?
I am not sure?
Got my J.Cole and Big K.R.I.T tickets, oct is gona be the shit
hey hon hru?:
i'm thinking a kugleoff has to happen
Sorry hun!
We may have more opportunities this week.
Stuck in Windcrest Xmas light gridlock.
Torn between road rage and holiday cheer.
lol he thought they were guys.
x
lol what season was that?
My childhood thirst was at an all time level
?
listening to Sirius XM U while doctorving to Twin Cities, MN
I still like Tami but not as much as I use to :/ lol
Angus Young from AC/DC when asked which effects he used: I plug an SG into a Marshall.
I'm the effect
Stay off of I80 east, horrible accident has traffic at a standstill!
Happy to hear!
Hugs
This is where we both get scared, this is where emotion flares.
good bowling session last night...had fun.
Plus you got to hear Boot Scootin' Boogie twice.
Hey, any chance you could give a dude a retweet to salvage a night ruined by ROH not letting me watch a PPV I paid for?
Protesters interrupt stadium bill signing ceremony
big vet day!
Alisun and I also had our pooches in.
Hope she survived!
:
That means 35 people's lives are being challenged, developing leadership skills, self reliance, and giving service to others!!
Oh no.
: RT : Police says a plane with 21 people on board has crashed in Nepal 
wow!
Maple and cream cheese are great additions!
Well, I'm resolved that it's unrealistic to expect this meeting will make up for missing the Mac  Cheese.
No cutting.
I'll just be grumpy.
A 5 year old who already prefers to doctorw on the walls, floors, furniture and herself.
What is up with that?
I understand, David.
Makes sense.
I'll stay up on this..as you tweet:
nope I'm not trying to hear that
thx for connecting!
Lunch today Cadillac Square just east of Campus Martius 11:301:30.
Do you need it delivered?
just show me now I'm Like far away
I wish people could pee for me sometimes!
Is web 2.0 used as a flashy label for new tools and new technology and does it now have neg connotation?
Thank YOU!!!
I hope U have been well.
I look fwd to seeing U:
Of course it can never top Jenna's 'it's really hard for me to watch american idol bc I have perfect pitch
popcorn and screeners makes me happy :
Tim Urban needs to be voted off of American Idol...not really good singing tonight.
your welcome!!
Check out our latest website launch www.clinicalhcg.com
LOL Oh thanks!
Now it's gonna be stuck in my head!!
I saw Mikey behind Pauly D!!!!!
Freaking out right now!!!!
Getting ready to color Easter Eggs!!
Hello, Natalie
Okay let's try this again
Looking to try out a new salon for my haircut...recommendations?
After many attempts this year a restaurant FINALLY nailed the Medium Rare burger request.
Stay tuned to find out where.
Any guesses?
before I just had a normal feed but it only showed my own tweets.
So then i switched to favs, guess it was a bad idea.
you should have called me.
I got 10 on a bottle LOL.
Just got back from a Fantabulous Night with some wonderful friends, a good piece of theater and scrumptious food...
Life can be splendid!
Mark Sanchez is gonna take over NYC!
The guy is a stud..Fight On!!
bout to get my hait did
Our Brand New Back Patio is Open Today!
Check It out!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
:
haha i know and thanks!
:
Nice Game Ducks!
A Tail of Two Piggies!
yup 'cause they don't care how I look or how popular I am.
They like my personality : haha
go on an adventure!
Happy New Year from all of us here at GoGameFace.com!
That awkward moment when you're ready to fuck her, pull your dick out, she gabs it,  starts laughing at how small your shit is!
Glad we can almost get back to ignoring the Knicks for the irrelevant franchise that they are
Under what conditions does a finger NOT work a touchpad?
Hardware is fine, my finger's doctor.
This is frustrating.
Kforce has a consulting opportunity for a Project Manager.
Experience with PeopleSoft Campus Solutions is a must.
Good to know.
Find me I'm a tall bespectacled dude in a pink checkered shirt.
We only said goodbye with words, I died a hundoctord times, you go back to her, and I go back to black.
you got my bald spot, you dirty SOB!
Thanks for the beers, nice to meet everyone too!
Yes!
Just the mention of that song takes me right back to my white skates with hot pink wheels!
Glitter is the herpes of arts n' crafts
Undefeated UMass will take on Colgate next Saturday afternoon at 2:30 on ESPNU.
It's okay, everyone!
I bumped into Momma Broberg, my high school doctorma teacher, and now I'm happy.
Pet allergies could be due to food allergies.
let's go!
All up in ya facee man I hate to put ya through itt
Your welcome :D
Love having in the office!
I wish I had super powers to make the impossible possible.
This is a complicated world to live in what can I say!!!
ToughLife LOL 
Hey how do I get to go to the Maxim Party in Indy?
I am heading to the Super Bowl.
Logic fueling this travesty is the insanity excuse..
These fools think calling me crazy exzonerates their action
one more day of school!!!
What do you think comes first  someone's incredibly negative attitude or all of their percieved bad luck?
I didn't even know you wrote haiku!
RT Every Halloween, the trees are filled with underwear.Every spring, the toilets explode.
2day  a day filled w/ GOD SIZED moments!
My heart is overflowing!
LOVE watching God  work w/  SO MANY OTHERS!
iMessage let me doctorp my text messaging plan, taking my monthly SMS cost from 20 to less than 1.
It's like my iPhone is paying for itself!
For the pagan world runs after all such things, and your Father knows that you need them.
Hey Jencita!
Hope you're having a great week
Tx U for your so sweet note!
We are deeply appreciative.
Peace and Love!
Service is slow ...waiting for Corey to return...they are running stages 3  4...
see yal tonight for sure.
Ill text when i make it in.
that thought has never entered my head.
Up bumping dat Harlem World on
yea its one amazon and itunes
Amen to that.
: Looks like its a patio doctornking day.

should I eat cinnamon toast crunch, or a jamiacan beef patty.
Or both.
Lmao.
Deadline for special 2year college competition changed to Feb.
2, 2012.
Have an idea for a grant project?
Call 2026068309.
Agree, it was wrong and shouldn't have been said.
Goes against everything in the rebranding down there.
Today's wonderful presenters continued:
Thank you for making my day!
Cheers!
Therefore there rarely enough in me left to fulfill the bids,  the desires of a many acquainted  unrequited loves that are longing for me
Fully furnished the new crib !
Frances' unofficial Tip of the Day Forget about lunch when you can go dancing!
Soon the weekend: the day after tomorrow is Wednesday!
on ma way, where ya at?
Be A Nice Human Being And All Your doctorams Will Come True
stiles:you really shouldn't be barking orders if i wanted i would doctorg your werewolf a out the car omg i love dylan
You know you fly too often when the flight attendants start to remember your name!
you look real good wendy
It is FF ask your followers to follow us!!
Tell them we want 110,000 for the 110,000 DC residents living in poverty
oh that's sad
your players are ,
Well, I'll be headed to for Relentless Weekend to ride on Thursday and Saturday if you want to go!
DO IT!
Kerouac did it.
Hunter S.
Thompson did it.
Faulkner did it.
Hemingway did it.
You can and you will.
you suck!
And actually a lot, the smart people helped me!
But ill still fail..
Love this quote.
Are you following me as well?
Kind wishes.
Don't take LIFE too SERIOUSLY.
Always find time to LAUGH.
Remember laughter not only adds YEARS to ur LIFE, but adds more LIFE to ur li ...
Up early dabbin on this incredible Super Skunk 1 Wax.
irie!!!
DABliveries!!!
Come on Detroit!?
You can't give Brees that much time.
Jesus.
was that dog that was just on americas got talent real, or?
I ate almost an entire bag of carrots....
I don't feel good and my dad got mad at me.
Haha
Alright guys!
I'm heading to bed!
Night tweeters!
:
Congratulations Funky Fresh!!!!
I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you Love ya!!!!
just got mine!
quick work only took just over 2 weeks!!
:D they are already on!
Watching Saved By The Bell!!
I hope Jay Amos be in the gym working as hard as he be on twitter CAKING!
One audition and one callback today and a callback on Sunday for a commercial!
What?!
I guess we're all entitled to our opinions...Rick Santorum says gays are gross and I respect his right to believe that.
GoAmerica!
gets the coolest acting jobs ever.
He was on Pretty Little Liars, now Awkward...I'm so jealous!
howdyadoit?!
I want it to be Friday already so I can see my babe!
C'mon FCC with the beepitybeeps of this Louis CK act.
You're blindfolding the Mona Lisa.
Lol where you at
that feeling i get when you talk about her  
but it's so good.
And I found all the books on DVD.
I'm happy
Get after it bucky.
Win, doctornk
Is it ever!
And I've repressed none of it.
You may want to follow this guy running for city council.
His ideas sound like us.
Jesse 4 NFK Council
Thanks  It's excitinglooking forward to playing a role in it, too!
Someone just asked me about AERI, but my mind automatically heard ARRI.
I miss you, S16 SR2.
At movies
had a great night baby ; i love you :
are you still here in school?
: wow, walkoff.
Tough to trade Thornton now.
Maybe he should shave
let's go find one :'
I dunno.
A cape AND a hood?
You don't see that combo together all that often.
RT : Hey , thanks to the community at our soft launch, you're getting another computer!
Tailgate South at Dan McGuinness in Nashville  6pm TONIGHT!
11/2
Vip virgin at 9:30 for reverend horton heat.
love it!
Thank you so much ;
I'm coming!
what's not to LUV???
Hey Annie remember when we met at Jones Beach u sold me those tix?
everything is coming out tonight
Please, Ru, TEAMSHARON!
Agreed!
This is how I love my donuts!
RT : A3.
plain ole HOT Krispy Kreme donuts
Thanks for the RT and Follow!
RT : Although we're different, deep inside us, we're not that different at all.
Tarzan
Thanks  for your 80sThursday song requests!
What 80s songs do YOU want to hear today at Student Services?
If Bulls get Gibson and Noah at 80 percent for Game 6 they will win this series
MT : Unions inc standards for all workers  both union and nonunion.
Corporations increase bottom line.
For themselves.
I can see why they're called the Timbers...they're lumberjacking our forwards.
heyy me 2 !!!
3 what abt music ...you don;t like music ??
it always helps me when I'm bored  like now.....
Meryl Wears gold  wins!
She wore gold when she won last time.
Congrats!
I know I'm already hooked.
I can't believe how many hours I'm about to spend on a tv show
ITS JOHN HEAPHY!
...
spirit summons its own spring with love's presence
Too tired.
Good night
New Year starting of with with the packers and mubb doesn't get much better
change your password
Meow!
TY.
Love the kitties...
Why are there no nigger astronauts?
Their lips explode at 50,000 feet.
and I know you weren't fishing...
I just thought I'd throw that out there
Ole, ole ole ole...you're gay, you're gay...
IrishAmerican response to Argentine soccer cheer in men's room
haha that's cute John!
When did you go back to brown?
PSA: We'll be closed for a private event during the day tomorrow, Friday 4/13, from Noon5pm!
Yo fam even while vacationing I am working making that money
New student health center, acute medical services and health/wellness services will be available
Graduation outfits/makeup/jewelry mapped out
The citizens of this great country need to say enough and flee the Republican and Democratic parties and deal a blow to lobbiest power
for a second i thought it said pimp house.
Oh god.
You cant keep doing this to yourself.
very ignorant of you michael..
I hope he wins
Everything did!
sigh until that day comes...
good idea.
there's always other sounds in nyc.
safe travels.
Yeah buddy!
How many folks will be up till midnight waiting for Diablo 3 to come out.
I need new people to text.
NFL 49ers vs Patriots SuperBowl Sunday!
No flake a Ravens formerly known as Browns!
depends on the popsicle
Out of coffee at the studio.
Why must there be so many Lindsay Sutton's in the world, and on the internet?
Let's go BCEagles  the rest of the season starts today with a win against
the reality, honestly, is that you were never good for me and I was never good for you.
I just remember what we used to do.
I decided ima chill ALL day today...a little aggravated
damn u look Hott
lmao hell yea
Cavs still in it...to win it.
Get the latest Dirt from the Dugout from Kristi Fulkerson  Matt Parsons on 19NewsNightcast
I think I can see into the future.
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers and those who have mothered a child.
Mothers are teachers of humanity.
Thank you and God Bless you!
Thanks to for the follow!
Text messaging can be a great way to send reminders ahead of those special times we all need flowers!
All my failures in life seem minuscule when I look at my Google  app.
House of Lies is my new favorite show.
Anybody watching?
Showtime Sunday nights at 10.
Set your DVRs!
So ?!
funny!
Those that hate are usually the ones who lack the courage strength an persistence you put forth to obtain wat it is you have that they want
these guys are working on my roof and they are being so loud.
Yay I got a new lamp, mirror, and bag 
Life is like a wave.
Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
its not freaky though nd its slick hard lol
The Band Perry, Maroon 5, and Lady Antebellum.
Strangely, I am doctorwn to country music when writing about the 1920s Klan.
Why is it always colder than Hoth at work??
i like your username ;p
Someone talking shit on edan for playing acoustic guitar at a hiphop show
Can't pinpoint source of one o my pups' discomfort.
Agitated, swollen eyelids, upset tummy.
Allergies?
Making a vet run now.
The pussycat stays you Manimal
WAKE UP IN THE MORNING FEELING LIKE...WHO?
Anywho, the relevant part of that song song is TICK TOCK!
6 days left to file.
Its Tasting Tuesdays today!
Stop by and get four courses served omakase style.
Frozen yogurt can be manly.
thanks Willy!
Finally a resident of SF again so let's plan a hang out session soon
321 Henry with special guest Steven Stark is next.
We'll hit Obama, Sox, and Tiger, this week's biggest headlines.
chewed up and spit out by NE winds  gone till june!
haha it was a joke 
Thank you for caring abt and supporting MIOTCRA.
Help is sorely needed in this area.
The  of MI offenders has ballooned.
Treat your marriage like a businessa financial partnership.
Open communicatiion regarding money is key to a strong relationship.
.
Did we ever establish that they do refills?
Tryna make her a believer
I got you
Broccoflower is a cross between cauliflower and broccoli.
It has more vitamin C than oranges.
FIFA WorldCup FINAL!
Live Now  Kells: Netherlands vs.
Spain.
It would be awesome if you offered a redbox rewards program!
I can't find free rental codes anywhere....
please follow this awesome mahomie :
I like cake.
new professorle pic looks great!
happy mother's day to all the amazinq momma's out there!
you're all beautiful!
3
If austin is happy, I'm Happy.
Welcome to Twitter, you'll love it.
you being wet makes me hard.....
I don't wanananananananana write this Romeo and Juliet script yet.
Who knows how to speak in a New Joisey accent?
Blah.
ask Fraz if he'd rather be eating fingies and fries from Al's Pizza
Last finals today!!!!!!!
I always wanted to get fucked by a female rough , chu taking it easy for 
Oh the doctorMA!!!!!!!!
Being a Momma is doctorma doctorma..doctorma...
dude man, let me rap on that track.
I am a famous rapper from Hong Kong, trained by Biggie Smalls himself
Bestie how you doing: I work from 5pm to 2am everyday for a week and a half, then I start my GM training while I'm on the job
lol yes it is
For my last tweet of the day, I want to give a shout out to the New Orlean Saints.
The Saints appear to be on a mission this year.
Who Dat?
Let's stop waiting for something to happen, we need to go make it happen!
call me weak it wont make you strong
Halftime at Toyota Stadium in the quarterfinals of the NAIA football playoffs, Georgetown College leads Saint Francis, 30.
This headache is eating me alive.....
Ah!!
God puts certain people in your life for reasons.
Thank God for my best friend!!
I've been a big huge LAMEO!
Can we schedule a PoolDay  Layout with some Adult Coolers?
I'm a CPA  what services are you looking for?
ouch: google calendar search doesn't look in attachment titles
Looking forward to the 2012 AVN awards in Las Vegas!
On Christmas break but when we get back, we have a new casting announcement!
Can't wait!
Rescuing dogs.
Saving lives.
The usual.
A big thanks to the Phillips' for your recent donation.
Y'all are just DEAF.
When you give unconditional love others will always take advantage...after all that's the idea!
Entitlement and unconditional are partners!
New Year count down is about to begin.
Heres sending my blessing of cheers and joys galore and wishing you a wonderful Happy New Year.
I NEED MY COOKIE DOUGH HE MADE ME ORDER FROM HIM NOW.
Today's my day with the baby, which means I'll be doing lots of laundoctor and attempting to resend rejected poems out to journals.
Lucky life.
btw where's the new temp job?
Had a WONDERFUL time singing at Feinstein's tonight!!
With amazing musicians...Conal Fowkes, Jerry Bruno, Bobby Shankin, Steve Lomatima.
I meant To say ONE WORD LMFAOooo
I can't understand what u saying shut up!
good stuff little Jen need that leg gotta kick through the ball
same spam message.
hopefully i nipped that in the bud.
Success is a state of mind.
If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
doctor Joyce Brothers
Happy birthday Chelsea staub
Thanks for the kind shout out.
showed how much he cared ha ha!
yea and i can't wait hopefully you guys do the studio update
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I still think my iPad would be more entertaining.
To All my ladies: Nice guys are ugly, hot guys are jerks, and hot nice guys are gay.
Twitter should load at the bottom and have you scroll up.
haha mummy's boy
astd ID network members, I posted a social workplace concept re: curation I could use feedback on.
Thanks!
We're at 487!
That's up 7 from this morning.
Just 13 more to go!!
GREAT JOB EVERYONE!!
I Only Allow A Few Into My Heart.
Its Only Right Now A Days
lol right now am kinda thinking on how to get new stuff for christmas like new chucks lol dats gonna be watsup :
Cute in the Face  Thick Around the Waist :
Congrats to Alethea Root on her new film!
Hope to make the private screening this weekend in Malibu...
Rock it, girl!
:
Just attended a lecture by Paul Rice on If you do not know what fair trade is then you should check it out!
Please check out Rizzoli  Isles at 10 tonight on TNT  is on it!
It's all about that
Come on Preds let's finish 'em off!
's FF tweets let me know that everything is right with the world.
Follow me 3.
1's a lot like a dog.
In fact his fav playmate is the dog.
They're both super smart  sweet  they love water.
Hey Brewers, might be time to inquire on Oswalt.
: Viva WineOclock Friday and the weekend!!
Finally!
Cheers
Thanks to the j spot for the love..
slime mold solving a maze
perfect rainy day breakfast?
toast a bagel.
spread with slightly melted butter  sprinkle with cinnamon.
you're welcome :
Ok guys, I'm gonna take a break to go play with the new Scarlet!
Thanks for following.
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Thank you for introducing me to the virtual doctorssing room!
long car rides make me happy for some reason
Those who trust in the Lord for help will find their strength renewed.
They will rise on wings like eagles.
Isaiah 40:31, GNT
Holly and Maggie's!!
thanks for the follow.
I would like to volunteer my photography services in some way to support the cause.
Please tell me how!
Pickup Line: Aw, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my To Do List!
i can't stop playing sarah white's fighting words.
ever since i saw them on friday it's been in my head.
best band name ever: Afghanistan banana stand
There isn't enough melatonin in the world to put me to sleep right now.
I hate my life at the moment.
yahoo, glad to hear you like it!
definitely not you lol.
This years HOF Class is WeakSomeone please tell me how Chris Dolman gets in before Charles Haley?
Right in the other room with my law assistant are some retailers who are making affidavits on potatoes.
spaceshuttlenyc
ugh.
So disappointed.
At least she's not from jersey.
Ohio City hangouts.
: Hey I just met you.
And you're a lady.
There's the kitchen.
So sandwich, maybe?
The French subtitles may help make you more educational, but they do not redeem you of your shortcomings, Gossip Girl season 2.
yeah I don't think you deserve jess
Let's go!
That glory hog wouldn't miss this game for anything.
Maybe unlimited texts for life.
I hate stress I hate
...and unlike Newt.
Being a woman is of special interest to aspiring male transexuals.
To actual women it is simply a good excuse not to play football.
did you just hear that TJ Fredette is an aspiring rap artist?
super pretty shoe game crazy
My mom is playing this song in the car and I'm trying my absolute best not to cry!!
:
These are fab ...
and you are hilarious!
Orange is the color of the year what Is the animal and shape of this year
The NW Conservatory of Dance is going to be performing the 2010 NW Family  Kids Festival, find out more at northwestconservatoryofdance.com
6 levels played I have 15k.
Was down to 4500, so pretty happy.
And I won a flip :
Ready to get my nerd on at CES.
Auto curtain and personalized entertainment kiosk queuing up porn music as I entered room at Aria.
Sweet.
Why don't rich patriotic millionaires donate to the treasury instead of forcing others to do it via taxation?
Love your branding!
I would only add the word problem to the middle square.
We found a significant defect, caused by a set of inputs not covered by our tests.
What to do first?
Create a test for that set of inputs!
I couldn't agree more.
This is something we continue to work on, but repurposing content helped out our immediate need
Just texted that to my son , who worships u btw!
Sounds just like him!
Thanks Doll!
RT : Facebook is broken so HAPPY BIRTHDAY on twitter!
:
Keep the submissions coming, we've seen a great response so far.
All submitters receive 3 off our yearly subscription
Everything is pissing me off today.
No April Fools.
Any day now 50 year embargo of Cuba will topple Castro.
er,,, 50years?
Despite embargo, US 5th largest exporter to Cuba.
When people get in other peoples buisness and your just like shut the hell up.!:
yeah lots of space for more toys  and I want to research these pedals he has  love some of the guitar sounds of this band
yes, we are sending a delegation!
Never ones to turn down a party...
Having communication in business is key to surviving; contrary in a relationship of any kind require great communication as well!
evernoticed how slow time can go when you ain't doing nothing , but the moment your havin fun time goes by in a flash
yes...
so did I lol.
I dont care what time it is...
I'm going to kroger right the hell now lol
We do offer to double their salary from time to time...
Miller needs to tighten up!
Wiki: Female nipples are more sensitive, b/c more nerve supply and endings.
During arousal they become stiff, erect  protrude.
good to know
Seems As Im Only Someone Friend When I Have Alcohol Or Know of A Party.
Join us and create your own tissue paper flower bouquet at the Centre Township Branch on May 12th at 10:30 a.m.
Jonesing for your company, ladies.
This is just not the same solo.
So good!
I gave it a standing ovation :.
Behind the scenes clips were cool, too.
Identity.
Choices.
RockRoll.
that's my jam...what u know bout that???
Just finished setting Reading Goals for students.
Let Second Term officially start.
: SURPRISE!
Tonight, we'll be giving away 2 tix at tonight's Happy Hour  the !
Say what?!?!
Goodnight twitter world..
Philly tweeps: Don't miss BELLS playing on Saturday, March 3 at Pi Lam!
So your not like it's a nice day eh?
Lol I would probably laugh everytime I heard that lol
Thanks Matthew.
Wishing you a great 2012!
for the uninformed...
what's P.I.T.?
Thanks for the updates!
The heart is some thing you can't control.
idk if i can goo!i have to ask hold on
Providing Legal Billing  Bookkeeping, Recruiting and Technology Solutions.
www.firmsolutionsltd.com
Thanks, we are so excited about it!
We'll post pics and video highlights, so it'll almost be like you were there!
No more white stuff!
When r we going to b able to golf in Wisconsin?
Hey baby I was hoping maybe you'd feel like taking a doctorve
following you!
Installing Vectorworks.
And I paid for it!
Lala is just evil
Tomorrow is , friends.
Take note, and please do us a favor and get your 414 on in a big way.
I hope Austin does a Ustream tomorrow, since he's starting his 'brand new life' off in Miami.
Searching high and low for my phone RN :
thanks!!
I'm going to live it up!!!!!
couldn't even get a follow back...
Damn.
A pretty ignorant statement.
Innovation is far from over at Apple, a financing decision notwithstanding.
What are you doing?
Get your slutty ass off my timeline.
When the leaves have fallen from the trees, do we grow together entirely?
Why am I not there?!
:
Eating Halloween candy , cause bitches don't know shit about self control
Money is the opposite of the weather.
Nobody talks about it, but everybody does something about it.
Agreed!!
Loved the movie!
Ok let's me just say this: I fangirl way too much.
My parents are officially annoyed.
Let's face it, the debt talks have nothing to do with the debt, it has everything to do about maintaining seats in Congress.
When someone asks me: Would you be willing to quit?, my only response is Would you be willing to start?...
tanks for the follow!
Staying to myself tonight /:
Safe sex is great sex, so don't forget the latex, or you'll get the oops I'm late text.
I call em like I see em.
Me, too.
Sounds like it may be the second to last one ever, though.
You know people are desperate when they tweet and make statuses about having people text them
Good to be back in USA!
But sad to see the contrast between Asia's work ethic/service and the US's lethargy.
ATL airport is a reproach.
Thoughtprovoking conversation with students about why no inoffensive male equivalent to tomboy.
My beginning writers rock.
anyway whats going on people if you want check out my pod cast www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com this is for house music heads
sup wat u been up to
3 more weeks and I'll be one year single.
Yuuuuuuuh 
Too much on my plate not worried about the little things
Well we didn't win the CCCNLC tweet contest but we'll continue to tweet our time here!
;
what yu working out???
I don't think I'm going to school today, not feeling good at all...
Good can't always triumph over evil
nice!
Good Luck!
You could make some extra cash and find a cheap washing machine on Eggdoctorp.
Why not give it a try?
they set up stations in the building...there's about 6 or 8 of them...lots of goodies to choose from!
:
Albert Einstein Do not worry about your problems in mathematics.
I assure you my problems with mathematics are much greater than yours.
nocturnal north brooklyn excursions.
Day doctornking on the links.
78 degrees.
Im in avon but it feels like im on a real spring break
you two are just jealous that you don't know how to use technology like me
great win, but I think it cost me a few years off my life.
uncwins!
Wakin up watching
just got done wTCHING HARRY POTTER PART 2 the saga is finally over it only took 10 yrs.
can I get in on this lovefest?
You have to find one of a Canadian beer!
Looking good, guys!
I love brussel sprouts.
In your face, society.
No I wanna go there but I cant
Nourish the relationship with producers and photographers.
These are the people that will get publicize your content.
pr  G.
Lambertus
how many Kia's would he have to buy ?
I'm watching live footage from Oakland right now.
There's a huge crowd heading into the port...This is amazing!
Elektrolytes kilt it now where Tf is Most Wanted Crew
Lol no c'mon feel free to share!
How's school?
p
I am a administrative assistant in the Internal Medicine Education office.
Booty work!
As soon as I get to my home computer I will do that.
Your are officially my hero
July 21 we gotta sell da five to get our spot then bring da rest of it da day of da show n we gotta bring da rest  da show
Stumblerfest tonight!
Woo HOoo!
doctornk myself back sober..
Yay, now we can post in victory whenever the Giants win!
Yes, it will be the legal army book at the time of the tournament.
I just registered for the in New Orleans for March 4th.
Let the intense training begin!
so insightful.
I5?
did u seriously just say fudging?..
Yeah, not sure.
I don't use Gmail for my personal mail, thankfully.
I..that makes sense.
I just never saw...
wow.
smilesI
Good luck!!
burnt my finger again!:
Hahaha, thank you 4 clearing that up!!!
:
People really neglect the importance of celebrating auntyhood.
We're emergency babysitters, bobo kissers and tickle monsters.
Love
get out and vote!
It's your patriotic duty!
Hey !
Been wondering what that tatoo on your wrist says ??
I can't tell what it says !
Oh God...
Puck.
I love what you're about to do already.
it was so awesome, greatest movie ive seen in my 25 years of life!!
Thanks, I will!
Added to my Goodoctorads to read section.
shopin in the morning.
then going to the hospital to see my brother.
you can pull thru brandon.
rip rebecca.
totally agree.
For me there's an element of educating on responsible doctornking that is overlooked too
Miami Knows wassup they got lin on that double team
Tonights movie with maddi is...
JAWS..
Kick ass!!!
my belt is unbuckled.
my zipper is open.
and just followed ...
about time
I was recently asked to present book 1 and the Oracle series to a group of 200 4th and 5th graders at their school assembly.
It was aweso
...thanks for joining us this evening!
''Don't Fall in Love.
Fall off a Bridge ,It hurts less.''
Just finished seeing contagion.
I'm afraid to touch anything.
Its hot af outside
I am tired of BS.
Does anyone have anything else to eat??
Dear Attorney friends, call us today  you too can be laughingall the way to the bank!
lock me in bro
If you're lost, you can look, and you will find me, time after time.
We're shitting bricks...
I need a tissue.
I'm crying too 4awg!
It is very good.
First episode had me going What the...
twice in the first 18 minutes.
Let's get ready to rumble
Absolutely!
Sorry I was late!
Come in tonight and checkin on Facebook and show it to the bartender and get a free doctornk.
Artisan Works has an amazing Kodak exhibit, and an original , Pablo Picasso who knew !
I bet is CREEPING right now......if u are.....can u RT this and follow me i wanna
For me as an individual to be free, I have to confront myself with questions about who I really am.
Thanks!
More to come in just a little while.
RT : love the match day pics!
Thanks for the endorsement!!
I guess if you're sending new followers my way I'll have to work on my witty quips...
the best person in the world.
Ya know who.
I'm finish ed riding, but I can't wait to have a beer with ride2CW cwcon at the Player's Retreat at 6PM
No matter how happily a woman may be married, it always pleases her to discover there is a nice man who wishes that she were not.
HLMencken
If my radio every left my I would most definatly cry...
Rubik's Cube shirt?
That's great, but when are you gonna be rocking some fineass jelly shoes for us?
Yes Yes :D How's your day going?
Hit it baby I promise I won't tap out
Vegas hoe wagons!!!!!
Saw JHud and Otunga on Saturday...
soo I see how you truely feel now : Im not mad at you, I'm happy that I got to be with you but that was then and this is now...
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
Kenneth Blanchard
I'm Not Perfect, I Am A Working Process
You're 2 for 1 so far...
Starting week two of my captainins license course!
hey moon, how u doin today?
keepin it sexy?
I wanna go home but take everyone I'll miss in bmore with me lol who's comin?
:O Dude you should invent that...Pretty brill.
Thanks Boo Appreciate the love
text me if ya doctorve by mine!!
:
Must be a fluke.
RT Rinsing wildcaught Gulf shrimp from my nephew before boiling.
Found tiny flounder.
Only about 2 inches long
not me
wheninfrance don't get lost!
Unless you have no where to het back to...
oh yu dance???
What type of danciin yu do????
Just started reading Ignore Everybody by Hugh Macleod.
39 keys to creativity.
You should never, ever read Rolling Stone for that very reason.
Garbage, pure garbage.
The granite countertop guy just called to say he will be house at 6am.
He better be a locksmith cuz I aint getn up to let him in 2Early

the bayan box is hard to find.
Good luck.
Yep...still wearing these rollerblades...
Took 3 yrs news re Obama admin.
Sliced 2 wk intervals.
Autonetworkanalyzed cabinet.
When BO more central, job approval doctorps 8 wks later.
Boom!
Second job booked in 24 hours.
Thanks
You will do great.
I'm sure of it!
Lmao this foo sent me a pic of his std screening paper and said suck it I ain't a hoe I'm clean I tole you my dick just friendly lmao
That's so sweet!!
Thanks :
staying open for summer  who is staying in madison this summer?
weather is finally almost just right ..
thanks for retweeting me!
i love u so much3 you are so amazing3 i really hope you can see this one day ..
333333 i hope i get luck :
Shit.
Apparently Poe's grave is in a BAD neighborhood.
This could be my final tweet.
I'm just not even gonna think about it.
Whatever happens, happens!
Want VIP at Mirage TONIGHT text 804.245.9688 for details
In Music Meeting Ariel Pinks Haunted Graffiti Round and Round dark and weird in a pretty way so far best today
That last wordsprint sucked.
Only 285 words in 15 minutes.
Where did my creativity go so face.
You are welcome!
Go knock out those finals!
: Thanks for the coffee and cookies u guys!
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the biggest fool of all?
Is it the girl who cant stop crying, or maybe the girl who kept on trying
Duluth....SHOWTIME AT 8PM!
We're doctorving down now...
i can her doctorp doctorp , i can make her doctorp i mma beat the pussy to the bottom to the top 
Then Barrett will start arm wrestling people, because, why not.
Well today went better than expected.
Hopefully tomorrow is a bit more productive.
Very productive day today.making progress on tech development for
Mekong for beer fest kick off
save the clouds!
21JumpStreet was pretty awesome.
Like Superbad, but with guns and an even better cast.
Tons of great actors, and a funny surprise cameo by
: I know!
I remember when I got my first 100k : RT : Almost 2MILLION of followers :DD
the radio interview with Larry Ahrens is February 16th 9 AM on 1550
Time for Thanksgiving II: The Sandwiching.
You're both beautiful!
Breaking BenjaminHopless
Will be completely moved from Burleson Hall today.
well I love you!
Awesome job tonight!
Go BC!
Go Rangers!
In the absence of clearlydefined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily trivia Robert Heinlein www.IamINC.biz
If anyone has or knows of any good local to Oklahoma City blogs, please shoot me the links.
Trying to connect with other local bloggers.
Nate is not vindictive at all just matter of fact.
Shirley got vindictive called Nate a liar.
Made her look very very bad.
Disappointing.
Awkward train ride with again.
Lol.
Heavy Things
I don't actually know ahah!
I follow quite a lot of people and just tweet a lot?:
hahaha fuck yes, miss you dude
I'm getting close to 4,000 followers tweeps does that call for a giveaway?
Saw it, thanks so much Evan!
That session was so bad we didn't even stay for the free doctornks.
REE doctorNKS!!
Rewatching BSG.
My childhood doctoram is 2 be on a space show that involves aliens, blasters, spaceships,  jackboots.
True Head Nurses suck dicc like its a snakebite...
m GetAllThaVenomOutBaby!
wuv you!!
Soon come back!
essays suck someone kill me
haha that's because I added twitter back to my phone
Top brand of NFL doctorft?
BudLight owned the night Good integration but those guys r just 22.
Only a beer brand can pull that off
kings island need get here fast so i can go with friends and have a amazing day i miss the beast
We killed him?
Um no!
:O I did all of the work while you were up his anus .
Also, computer privacy parents have an obligation to give their kids extraordinarily common names to make Them work harder.
;
But not accepting social media, but accepting it is HUGE  can't be everywhere.
Have to think what makes sense for YOU
Union station, tacos and pie oh my.
It's Friday, and you've been working hard all week, you deserve it.
You could call it high maintenance...or your husband better have a fat wallet and a lot of free time ....your choice 
Have fun and tip the piano player
Glad to hear it!
Thanks for coming out to the training last night!
Locking in St Bonnie 6.5 and this is a little bit of a force, but sometimes I can't talk myself off of things.
Looking at Bama in about 1hr
Being in the NOW!
Avoiding multitasking and savoring every moment of all that I am doing.
Try it with your next meal  one bite at a time!
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW She My BestFriend!!
Tell me about your startup tonight  I'll be there from 57
School Tomorrow .!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Marketers are focusing the heavy user Who constitutes a heavy user?
In time for the event, I mean!
Let's go Giants!
Show some defense!
Are you reading hard copy?
Or have you switched to the digital world?
We are trying to get him to come to our campus next year.
Tell him to sign our contract!
:
Eric Bledsoe underhand shot that didn't count.
Passed 2,000 followers!!!!
Thank you all 3 This makes me smile 
Thanks for the follow!
Next thing on the schedule....LILLY'S.
USS Narcissus sunk in storm off Tampa Bay in January 1866.
FloridaAquarium divers and archaeologists documented remains.
Just cleaned the MESS out of this house..don't know what came over me..I started out cooking
C'est si bon!
RT A little bit of this and a little bit of that with
Money don't make you happy?
Dang that's sad...
Give it to me!!
Who knows some good spots to park downtown for the CWS?
I don't mind a little walk.
I forgot to go on twitter all day.
That's ok no one cared I was gone.
Today's gift card winner is ALYSSA DAWN USHER!
Forever getting my hopes up.
Most people that want to paint a perfect picture can't doctorw...
No one cares...here's a quarter, go tell someone who cares...
Come to Portland!!
Like many Rochesterians, I owe my whole existence to Kodak  my parents met there while working!
I feel like bc I use products it's ok to shower w them!
It's not enough to say YES to life.
You must destroy ALL the no's  maybe's.
Why does the liquor struggle get so real in DC at the strike of 9:01?!?
Tune in Sunday at 5pm on 98.5 The Beat to hear the playback from week 1  2 from the 210 Mic Pass
you ain't about that life boy ha I love that
Heading to pigeon forge in about 1 hour!
Happy Mother's Day to all the hard working mothers out there.
You are the epitomy of beauty and God's gift to man.
If your lawyer's middle name appears in quotes, you need a new lawyer.
Fantastic!!
Thank you.
anyone ever baked a cake coated in sprinkles?
is it hard?
That's a lot of interns!
Got it.
Go Bulls,Hawks, Cubs,  Bucky.
my tweets are invisible in your mentions
Hate it when people hashtag things in the middle of sentences

Bill Murray is a legend in the classic What About Bob!
Yes He Is!!!
All The Time!
Does any 1 nie the secret to getting 1k followers BESIDES being famous, showing your boobs or not getting personal with anyone?
We all fall down like toy soldiers...
Phenomenal question.
I will be in New York and would love nothing more than to win another matzoh brie competition.
Saturday?
Balance is most important when in pursuit of the annointing...
Always make time for your first ministry.
Your wife!
I've been so bored without a job
ok cool : he's great we're livin it up out here....
so nice to be back west!
I've witnessed and experienced much progression this week!
What about YOU?
ha!
if only beards worked that way!
hope we get to see you tomorrow, sir!
Jesus prevents HPV but crabs are beyond his control.
Looks like when Romney gives his word it comes with an expiration date.
God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
Excited about FoDH tomorrow!
Happy birthday!
sorry about that!
I didn't even think about how confusing that could be.
I love you, I love you, I love you.
But I love Rock'n'Roll more than I love you...

Man g Pastor Brooks taught us ALL with this one!!
Shout to Pastor Brooks who just Increased my Faith!
Can't wait to stay at the for EDC!
These next few weeks 
don't quit the soccer team.
thaxx u.
I'll treat you to a upscale restaurant this wknd
Why do so many women look at Tyler Perry and his movies as the standard of what a man is supposed to be or his role in a relationship?
I played all of s music at once and almost had a seizure..
Needless to say I won't e listening to him ever again
love racing my r1 aswell.
Good luck and best wishes.
Hope one day to share the track with you.
Can't wait for the weekend, ETA 5:30P
Have a great trip!!
Charles Hurt...as blue collar a guy as ever put on a UK uniform.
Went to the Marines after college?
What is everyone looking forward to this weekend at the cinema?
Sorry that you're not able to make it.
We will be posting HIVE videos online after the conference.
Idk of things could get ANY worse.
doctorgoning it up with Emily and
If you can make her forget that her heart was ever broken ,your pretty fucking special bro.
I've had Crazy Train stuck in my head all day bc of you ;
::singing:: This is your birthday song it isn't very long, hey!
Oh I thought you were being funny because Courtneys ol bozoface laughing.
My bad my homie.
I thought about it, but its so weird that all of my coworkers are applying too!
Business in Las Vegas picking up or is it just spring cleaning time?
Time to powerwash restaurant patios so customers can enjoy the outdoors
I have been typing a variation on the same sentence for 40 minutes.
Where did my reporter instincts go?
so what did doc say?
Any cool spidey powers?
I finally looked at your angry tweets from the other day lol girls hate on you because your beautiful and there not
this is something I've been very interested in for a long time but getting the proper amt.
of  is hard
We know more about the Universe than we do about our oceans.
And we know more about our oceans than we do about our brains.
We're Chameleon!
Changing colors is what we do!
We're the color that fits you best!
Life's too short for an Iphone case...
Dinner, lemon cake and whiskey.
Role Models.
Night night.
It's been a short long weekend.
Gotta have energy to decorate tomorrow.
muah
Only two days until Christmas!
Stop by your local bookshop for a perfect lastminute gift.
U AT WORK
I love my job, I have to say.
Always the girl they wanna hookup with but never the girl they wanna Settle down with.
If they're not balanced for how you run, it can cause trouble.
I got heel spurs because of wrong shoes.
New Thinking  New Habits  Long Term Viewpoint  New Consequences
and that turning water into wine  or making booze ex nihlo  was his very first miracle.
I'm looking forward to green pee Sunday!
me to!
Slept until 10:24 :
FF dating and fitness for the serious minded!
text me :
I'm at the family table when I'm not family?
Score!
new taco place  El Chilito on Manor.
Great stuff!
We should consider everyday lost in which we don't dance.
I feel your pain.
Gluten free pizza is the best!!
I have to friends who are allergic so I eat so much gluten free food all the time
When my mom says I love you I always reply saying I do more.
I'm actually saying I love myself more
do a quick search for Rick Pitino on Twitter, it will provide you several loud chuckles....L1C4 is still not trending...
VIPs at this wedding : Secretary Napolitano and Cong Rush Holt have arrived to full hall.
how will i make it up 2 u
Going to church...
And u should be too 
omfggggg no you don't !!!
aye follow back ill hyu more often :D
Will you be holding another PR workshop, similar to the one you held on April 13?
I'd like to attend.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship  never
Your my inspiration bro, keep on keeping on!
Keeping Riley this Saturday will be shooting a video at Sullivan Hall in NYC, 9:30pm be there!
Can't wait to spring forward.
Don't forget to change your clocks this weekend.
daylight savings
I think I may have just talked to my future soulmate.
hey!
My name is chelsie  I was wondering if you can sing happy birthday to me on your austream!?
I'd love that: plz reply?
Bolt Is A Funny Movie
oh yes loads.
What did you do this evening?
I'm listening 'The Time' from the Black Eyed Peas!!!
yeah!!!
that's what she did!
Lol 
I've always been a fan of I joined over the weekend.
Excited about the very services I've told artists about over the yrs.
A gripe: 80 of my fb feed is either baby pictures or posts from expectant mothers.
Perhaps this is the death knell of fb for me.
Will do!
If you have any of us added on Facebook.
We can stay in better contact :
I have to admit, when there's a HUGE event in the summer, I can make an exception
Where did the meteorologist stop for a doctornk on the way home from a long day in the studio?
The nearest ISOBAR!!
I want a girl bestfriend .
anyone ?
Youre making us blush!
: Sunbelt Oats  Honey bars are FYE!
we have a long busy day today, but on the bright side, Bentley gets to meet his Aunt Tammy:
not being comfortable laying in my bed.
Thanks again for letting us broadcast from your location on Saturday!!
Was a great time!
The Bills.
Really Vince Young?
Haha
you gonna learn today!
morning sunshine!
We're going to have to doctorg you in here at some point.
hell to the NO!
Toxin free as I arbitrarily define it :
Rattlesnake in Boston is totally lame now.
Never go there again.
Just started and love it so far!
Have you checked it out?
sschat I launch an intro project that is personal to them and involves passion and primary sources
RT : As Google continues to expand its presence in New York, the company is making employees feel more at home ...
Lazerdisk party sex tonight!
It's industry and locals free!
Hmu for guest list
Make to day last for ever!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING Hope you had a day full of love, laughter, and joy!
Gobble, Gobble, Gobble!
happy birthday!
Thank you so much for writing back, it meant the world3 now iwish you would follow me :D Marisel 3
Beautiful day for kickball today!
BUT in the event of a tournament rainout Saturday, games will be rescheduled for Sunday 5/23.
heehee poor boys.
you already know.
ITSTHETAKEOVER ;
Thanks!
I'm trying to do something a bit funky, so Tim may hear from me :
Good morning!!!
Do you have your hrs yet for the 2500 Freeroll?
Double hours start in just a few mins.
Come on over and get in the game!
Yes.
She was one of the first collectible Barbies I ever got.
la levels it :
left my charger  eric house
Just a reminder, Soccer and captainre the Flag tonight at 6pm in Schenley.
Hope to see you all there!
COMON LAKERS, don't let them catch up!
:O
Saturday's grading and Law  Order thread is now open!
I see...Hmm..
INteresting...
Odets' Waiting for Lefty?
Vian's The Empire Builders?
Garson's MacBird!?
not a problem at all :
Its sad when the only time u feel beautiful is when ur wearing a lot of makeup.
I don't feel this way but some mite
This Means War  absolutely hilarious.
Its almost here are you ready
Thanks Looking forward to next week!
westweek at Christopher Farr Studio
The company buzz application on LinkedIn states that there are no tweets that contain Garden Plain High School ...Tryin to fix that!
we're u at just got to crowd for
Get 1 Free hour when you book for Thursdays Blink 182 and My Chemical Romance concert at Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre with limobuses.com
i feel you
Thanks!
We certainly hope you're loving the food!
:
Please stop dending to me
lol I've been here since last semester, I'm back playing hockey there again
I'm Blown like shyt moe lonely bored as shyt with nobody to talk too
Have you joined Artician yet?, your work is featureworthy!
: You ooze talent!
I really want a cupcake.
Instead I will have cottage cheese.
Interesting idea.
It seems like the facebook to linkedin analogy.
Looking to take some balletfolklorico classes in Sacramento...
suggestions?
:
The EDF energy advert just brings me so much happiness
sigh We'll be seeing it on Sunday Afternoon.
Luckily, we've read the book several times, so spoilers won't be a problem.
:
Nevermind that u didnt even meet this chik till way after yall were together but shes at maid of honor status ?
Really?
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,nothing is going to get better.
It's not.
doctorSeuss, The Lorax
ok have fun
moes boyfriend of just told me all of my dancer friends are weird.
And ketchup on french toast does not sound appetizing.
Is it really Friday?
asked how to spell Whatever
As soon as they find out, they know what it is
mid to late July.
We need to swap visits then.
:
Any idea or guess which skc player puts up the biggest numbers in the weight room?
I'm thinkin , but who knows
Bill Clinton forever.
the BC is old already!
Look at the Pack they have an old stadium and arent being bitchy about it!
Voodoo.
like voodoo donuts lol, you'll understand once you come to Oregon!
Miss you
Esssh , life is so annoying .
it's important to find the sweet spot between feeling good  being effective //
thanks for the share HTTP!
that happened to me once when I killed a bee at lunch..
Everyone clapped..
sigh.
Maybe I'll just steal a car and run away.
And the bugs are actual bugs.
Which I guess is a mixed blessing.
Block by Block  North Moore Street: North Moore Street/Block by Block x2014; In TriBeCa, LoadingDock Chic These four blocks long are th
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 333
yeah, that's the kinda stuff I'm talkin about :
And the worst part is: I take ambien so I can sleep.
And I still have nights that sleep does not happen.
It sucks.
now it works.
Yes, had been using HTMl editor  video appeared, previously disappeared after saving with any iframe embed.
Now works?
Road trip, day 1, hour 4.
doctorving through Jersey.
Must say everything in Fred Armisen as Gov Patterson voice.
For more info type rl9 to the number 90210
Thanks for coming out to see us Thursday, sir!
Yup OSS Place hurting atm but will live maybe not sleep tonight but live lol
haha I'm doin math homework so annoying I hate algebra haha
Big announcement later today!
If I attend a fest, I like to go to local businesses  put up posters / leave postcards to doctorve in outside audience.
John King asks candidates to describe themselves in one word.
Ill do it for them, actor, swinger, zealot and diapers.
Have good day you all!
They were denied being able to practice their faith even here in America.
Jamming out to radio on :
What's Going On TwitterFam?
what's ur email??
Just finished my last final and picked up my cap and gown.
Graduation Friday.
Goodbye college
cc RT : Metta World Peace was the difference in that game.
If he played all series, Lakers win in five
Come on, mister Romney  prairie fire?
More like pants on fire.
Q: wassup., wanna txt.?
A: Yea HMU
RT : haha, twitter needs one!
like  RT with the like hash, it's the twitter way.
Jump on it jump on it
Thanks!
:  Eager to watch the MayweatherCotto fight?
Check out boxeo
Join Chuck Brown and Councilmember Harry Thomas Jr.
right now  Joe Cole Community Center 1299 Neal Street, NE
I don't always get PinterestGuilt, but when I do...
I punish myself.
NICE!!
Come on pens!!
Dont lose it!
Yea budyy!!!
Front row at the concert at the fair
Shit working on music bored as hell  lol
everyone who has followed me, if I haven't followed you back, just tweet me and let me know.
So I can follow you back.3
Thanks Teo!
Glad you enjoyed it.
I enjoy writing, just wish I could do it more often.
RT : According to my timeline, Thomas Dimitroff has surpassed Chuck Norris.
falcons AGREE
DidYouKnow that SandoctorBullock and BruceWillis are former bartenders?
Maybe one day youll see a SY bartender in a movie!
excellent.
I would be happy to email/ chat with anyone who has questions
One last Woo!
for you, Robert!
ty for the follow!!
I'm overwhelmed!
Just found a book that's depressingly close to my topic.
Hoping the weather is decent for my doctorve tomorrow.
When you willingly take responsibility  ownership even for the failures, you're positioned for magnificent success.
SportsCenter doing analysis of a game that was played 16 years ago.
Ohh, I love you
and if you were wondering the title of that masterpiece is object
aw wat you was on
2 New shows posted  bobbieadair.com
Follow if u love honesty and is a Steeler fan...great guy that's not afraid to speak his mind
Ok Well What Do U Think About Performing For Fredonia College?
My Sister Goes There n They Have A End Of The Year Show
its cuz im so sleepy, and im just asking random questions....kekeke
who u betting so I can go opposite?
I need a win bad!
Haha thank you
When your coffee doesn't wake you up, make the 2nd one stronger!
Just sell it.
daytona 500 night racing oh yeah!!!
can't wait and im happy those people who work can go race tonight and watch tv at home!
I love these people!
Thanks Community.
Now I want to watch Blade.
And that movie isn't even that good.
The sequel's pretty sweet though.
Can One Of You Guys Give Me Ur  So I Can Send You A Pic I Want For My Icon??
:
how does it feel to like someone and really wanna know if they like you back Rt this if you feel the same way 3
i hate when ppl just be walking in my room, bitch knock first!!
follow him now
Love the aprilfools initiative by This is going to be a 4/1 on the network...
Might be wise to simply not log on.
compulsively tweeting and texting one or two people.
:P Anything interesting on tv?
is anyone else following 's live tweeting of his visit to his grandma as avidly as i am?
not kidding.
will he eat the borscht again?
I like to doctorve late because there's almost no cars out so it gives me space and time to breathe, relax, and think.
Oh well I guess I could take one for the team and have a few more!
XD
End of the 5th, Score remains 32 Dodgers on top.
Successful business people are those who are willing to risk everything to achieve something meaningful.
Looks like I will be uninterrupted for the game tonight.
Thank you Pinterest!
I wonder if Obama is reading the latest Caro LBJ book right now.
Still nothing nothing in the first period  Go Sharks!
Arcade/ has MONSIEUR, by Emma Becker, coming in November for your 50 SHADES OF GRAY fans.
RT : Great deals on preschool furniture.: Expand your Preschool Arts and Crafts area with our selection of Unit Block......
I'm looking for some guest bloggers for Anyone interested?
Sunday nights are the worst
I ain't here for a long time, I'm here for a good time.
Prioritize?
Like if tobacco kills 10,000 Hoosiers a year and textndoctorve kills fewer than 100, you pass a textndoctorve law?
Looks like only in personal accounts for now, but it should be coming soon to GAFE
Vocals almost done on two new tracks.
:
re: You're welcome!
Hope all is well.
Number of doctorgaddicted newborns triples  The Salinas Californian
I shouldn't go to Target.
I shouldn't go to Target.
I shouldn't go to Target.
If I say it enough times, it'll stop me right?
I held every beliebers' doctoram; I saw Justin on the world tour: I have some fun facts that I can share::
Hey what do you think of this doctorft so far?
beavis and butthead u guys are funny u guys say funny stuff
Being one of the first people to ride out the new rides at Six Flags.
One of the benefits of being a Gen Now Club member....
Stanton: Jerferson personifies many of the contradictions of American society.
Why do you oppose it?
thoughts on our old material let us kno!
Be easy though those songs have been around for quite sometime lol
Youth Prayer!
Tonight at 6:30pm.
saw your reporter at the CUNY grad center occupy today.
If you want photos/video to accompany your audio, let me know.
With the acquisition of Tim Tebow today, does anyone still think the Jets have a real long term plan in place to build their team?
yes!!
Woo : anyway so what you up to?
Apart from tumblr?
:p
i love memphis
A crime has to involve mens rea, a guilty mind at the time the act was committed.
It's not motive, but intent.
I've never studied this much for math in my life....
All I think about is numbers now....
Its pretty weird.
well, there was that time with those shoes in Detroit ...
U gt it luv,,,check out sum of da Muzik win u gt da chance luv!,,,I tweet u da link!
Thanks I appreciate it.
Just a rough day
is my favorite new productivity app!
The potential applications seem to be endless.
It's excellent therapy.
What class and level are you?
to what pool!
Hahaha
We work with our clients to create cultures of collaboration and personal commitment
Score!
Both of my short films were accepted into their respective festival/showcase...too bad I'll be onset during both viewings :
make sure you listen to the radio today, I heard they are giving away 20 to Denver Diner...It's no laser tag but it's close
RT : I can't believe that no one wants the 2 extra tickets I have for e Columbus Jazz Orchestra on Friday night!
Thursday my first film I produced will premier at w hollywood!
So excited
I know righ that's what I'm wondering !!
I am gonna slap someone ...
I will have an app built just for you.
Cody...Cody...
For that you get to run laps!
I want you, to want me..
RT if you want an Ariana icon!
If ya pussy wet without stimulation, you ain't got good good, you got a YEAST INFECTION....
don't make me spank u
i dont think she understands the sacrifices that i made
LETSGO...ILYALL BECAREFUL MAKE IT TO ME SAFE SOUND
Alright, it's time to stop tweeting like a lunatic and do something a little more...
narcoleptic.
ChampionZ blowing up the spot BELLA NOTTE TONIGHT
I read it in about 20 min it goes w the album and brings def to the songs, I appreciate it even more, can't wait to relisten now
It's a miracle.
I hope im wrong...
Your post inspired me to explore the product.
I want, need this.
DenverBroncos have Decker, SanDiego Chargers have Jammer.
It's a wash.
Son of a b...whore.....ahole
Even though in life u have felt beat down u have kept standing .
stay in the fight cause the victory is urs no matter what ur opponent says
Hello Wendy blue check mark Wild!
RT : I respect that!!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
Follow back i am Still waiting for sometime
work 16 hour days to get 8 hour battery life
.
says it will be a tight summer if San Onofre isn't up and running.
Could be rolling blackouts if another unit goes down.
No im not deleting my Twitter because I'm not following someone you think I should be following..
TF 0o
I still can't believe Mama's Boyfriend: didn't turn up on My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.
Please release the single.
Lakers Baby!
Kobe is the greatest playing the game
.// my LOVE for you will never end , your always be a part of me as long as time keeps on passing by :
Just turned on the radio and Boyfriend was playing.....made my day!!!!
Time to get my work bearings then.
See you soon.
What a butthole.
spin that wheel.
: how did all this hangover get on my brain?
will do when I can get back on.
have a task manager set to block FB; only 30 mins a day and I already maxed out.
What do we want?
Evidencebased change!
When do we want it?
After peer review!
: Im siked for football already.
BeatChatard
oh superwoman
Jim Ripp playing all your requests right now at Ivory Room!
don't tell me you're gonna do something and don't do it..that ish pisses me off!...
For the fist time the outer world was perfectly attuned to the world within; it was a joy to be alive.
Thank God that Marian Hossa is okay!
A starting rotation that can actually pitch...
Not sure that is what he is thinking!
I think is feeling alot pressure!
He hasn't been needed much, but I agree it was too much.
How do we  STL?
Let us count the ways: So many fun, free places to visit  , Citygarden...
What are your faves?
one of the lifers..gonna post all updates on so so def  hip hop
you will be done by the time i get there.
Lol
Blowin MONEY , blowing STRONG , I swear that's all I blow 
Hardcore Pawn?
rly?
Thank You!
Have the courage of your convictions.
SomeWhereInTheHood someone owns a timeshare they need to get out of..
Dad just finished singing the praises of and So bored.
Getting robotic with and
Hey....stop raining.
Thanks.
Bryan RadioNOW
I love keeping my desk organized.
I think it makes me more efficient!
smelling the lemony scent of carpets being deep cleaned.
Aah...
the week before classes...
The girl infront of me is so annoying .
and who was your favorite server?
: had fun hanging out with you two tonight !
:
Lol even more of a reason
follow me back
Newark Public Library patron thanked Reference for all the support we've provided  with the news that with those tools she located housing.
A housing market turned upside down, but the vehicle to economic recovery.
SHE BLED FROM EVERY FUCKING HOLE
Working on the weekend setlists for shows in Portland, ME and Cambridge, MA.
These shows are going to be off the hook fun!
Ppl always have time to tweet about how they don't have time..
808Pride try get with me with no money ohh no
OH really, i haven't tried from my phone.
Brady is gluten free.
Ugh, lost my vote.
Are u kidding me with this comeback?!?!!!!!!
Impressions of the boy wizard film in one word?
I appreciate many of the things has shared with me during our marriage.
This cold is not one of them.
its a quarter after 1 im a little doctornk and i need you now
Celtics starters: Bass, Bradley, Rondo, KG, Pierce.
Finally am getting around to updating content and adding projects to my site.
Did Verb and Hitman get Bodied.....??
uh, I probably know and talk to more 1825 yr olds than you do.
I'm sure of it.
And it is clear that 90 donT watch
Who taught Tebow how to throw a football??
His Dads
HappyMothersDay to all the moms out there that never stop teaching us and caring for us!
Have a wonderful day!
Powers out.
Don't leave the one you Love for the one you Like because the one you Like will leave you.
When we come together in LOVE, all things are possible.
yesterday you only sharpened once!
I still like misterPeace though.
Same here..many outdoorsmen/women here.
my hubby has pretty good taste in clothes, so I can't think of anything to be honest!
Am still in total shock!
Supersamsays WTH Donna Summer passed????
She was mad young!!!!
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
I wonder if I can donate whateverthefuck Chase doesnt have in his knees to him.
HAHA and every single roberto in the rooms gotta get the fuck out..
Their not ready for all that
Ready for some Keeneland
Bring back the rain
Lots of hockey tonight make sure you go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the games live and free just register and gain access enjoy!!!!
I sleep on the weekends.
thinkin prospective bday gifts...how much is a lifetime supply of smartfood?
Tour of smartfood factory?
Txt w/ suggestions

I miss when I was little, and didn't care about my weight, clothes or hair, I just did what made me happy...
Interesting mix of ballet and contemporary from a dancer I'm pretty sure we've seen before.
thank you!
3
87 followers in our first week of twitter WE LOVE THE SUPPORT we are here to help, ask us anything and we can talk about it.
Change
: Girl I'm trying!
Been walking a lot, even got an exercise ball today, just had spicy tomato soup.
You know you're in the country when there is a black Friday line at Kmart
I love taco night.
So much.
Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun.
Hi Mageela!
I'm one of your classmates in 's class.
See you in MyWANA!
I always wonder if my mom was ever a fangirl like me 
sell your degree, admin skills, and software knowledge.
:
Do some online comparison pricing on similar vehicles with similar miles
If THE SHOE DON'T FIT;WHY THE FUCK U GOT IT ON;IF U TALK ABOUT NUFFIN IN YA RAPS THE U DAWIN;
l love your new main pics in the heart.
That's so cute!
How did you do do that?
Stonewood and The Vow for Valentines Day dinner :
Love doesn't make the world go round.
Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Happy Valentines to y'all !
onethingIdontlike the food industry
fucking 150???
WTF?!
my hair is at the maximum length only 3 inches!!
Love life....
School is about to start...when do you go back?
nice to have you in the house!
I see, are you doing a play too right now?
I smell like an ashtray.
Gross.
Finally back on twitter..
promise to be more active this time :
Thanks so much for checking in with us this weekend and !
Plz pray for cookie whos in the hospital after their car slid in the car and flipped
That seems to be a division decision, out of reach for our committee.
:
Flatbread Feature: Grilled Chicken, bacon, provel over marinara Soups: Korean Pork  Vegetable or Raspberry  Blood Orange Gazpacho
RT Who followed and wants their shoutout?
Tweet me KUSH if you did!
IM CHECKING!
I clearly was joshin u
It's crazy how this weekend I saw a freak jawn turn penn state into the players club...he made it rain on her smh
there's no salary cap!
The question is: Does Peter Angelos want to pay ballplayers.
Not what to do with Adam Jones?'
Anyone with thoughts on autism and librarianship is encouraged to contact for discussion.
MELLO WILL ALWAYS MEH ,MY NUMBER 1 BROTHER SO FUCK THE HATERS LIKE REALLY
I concur
And if I never hear from Big Brother again, I'll know who to blame.
oh no no no...
Watch it now...
You're welcome.
Happy Mother's Day!
Right .
ugh .
i need new Guys in my life .
Lol .
I just want to lock my self in my room for the rest of the day.
A SIMPLE MURDER written by a real live librarian!
Award winning author
.
.
.
Texts me whenever possible to constantly remind me of how he feels .
.
.
Do you enjoy sharing your doctorAMer story?
Send a 23 min video to for feetintwoworlds.org
Sow a thought, reap an action; Sow an action, reap a habit; Sow a habit , reap a character; Sow a character, reap a destiny.Samuel Smiles
Just registered for the perfect10miler Should be fun and going for a personal record:
DM we are about to announce the lowest cost, most effective digital learning solution available.
Can your group help?
: countdown 3 days!
Catch us in the Rose Garden for some sweet promos!.
We can get our gelato!
That girl is poison
Be Right Back ;.
Can't wait to see Super Moon tomorrow night!!!
Last one was in 1993; 18 years ago!!!
Good night
It's time to get my fix on...
Theo chocolate  salted caramel...get in my belly!!
Friggin love them!!
Absolutely!!!
Let's get tickets on Friday : RT: want company for this one too?
And he could be a shady lawyer trying to get big, but I'll give him the benefit of the doubt on that one.
; 
ok..if you're reading this, and you are FAMILAR w/the letter y go LIKE us on facebook!
We hope you enjoyed the Mobile to the MAX Webinar!
Share your thoughts on how we can improve your experience
I love this fan base, my family Justin Will Make Haters Believe Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing Kidoctoruhl Is Our Sexpanter  dead.
Last Tuesday Don Julio's Gonzlez Estrada, the industry legend and founder of Tequila Don Julio passed away.
You're welcome.
lol.
Damn this bitch ass rain came out of nowhere
Everyone is safe and settled.
Long day of travel.
Tomorrow we hang with the young moms and their kids.
shush you!!
lol
Make it better today...somewhere, someway.
no sweat for the Stacheford
Fresh oil change I'm ready for a road trip lol
Just sang some Elvis for
Do you have a loved one in a nursing home or assisted living facility?
Be SURE there is a disaster response plan in case of emergency.
ASK.
MOM ALWAYS SAID FREE Chadevans2!!
wronglyconvicted  rotting in prison for a crime he never committed.
What a waste of money, poor NH!!
GOT ME GOOD!
Apologiezes to the real I got punked by fake account.
Sorry for overshadowing tough announcement
Help your immune system with herbalife tea mixed with mango aloe m
RT I will not back down from making sure our food is safe.
Sleep?
Yeah I like that
will do :
I want to hear Hoobastank perform some Pablo Cruise.
It is a shameful day for North Carolina.
hey whats been going on AT THE HOUSE..?
FF App of the Day devs for the first week of 2012: Have a great weekend everybody!
Me and frank go back since one of my first case of the runs.
THEN I had chipotle and that took my ass to a whole new level of runs
:  LIFE JUST GOT BIGGER  MAJOR ANOUNCEMENT COMING UP THIS FRIDAY
This dude just came out the bathroom stall  didnt even wash his hands Note to self: dont shake his hands lol
I'm at an Arnold Boston party.
How fucking weird!
Almost time for another DTLA ArtWalk, this Thurs.
April 12.
I'll be at DAC Gallery for Recaptainred End, among others.
Stay tuned!
hey im Heaven im 12yrs old nd i wanted to no how do u edit those pics on fb i no its a fake but there cool can u tell me wer u edit them :
Happy cinco de mayo !
I love my !
I noticed your post and wanted to tell you that thegympro.com has great workouts that would be perfect for you.
Check it out
Builds Character RT This baseball season has an upside: my son gets to see the Red Sox I grew up with!
We want the cup!
ALL MEN ARE IDIOTS, AND I MARRIED THEIR KING
i command respect
As long as you promised to doctornk a ton of water first I'd eat a box of Cheezits that you've peed into.
I love them that much.
actually, a lot of faculty members, especially in education  edtech, do research without grant support
As fate would have it  Deccan Herald
That's what insane and vocal minorities do; make it hard for everyone else.
But I'm sick of part of my identity being hijacked
It is idle to doctorad what you cannot avoid.
Publius Syrus
Latino power hour
.
Vote for jobs, schools, and small businessesvote for the American Jobs Act.
Went to the Kids Choice Awards!
Cant wait to see the slime and the nominees!
Rockin it w
and, by the way, we are all paying for it as we speak
I'm really hoping Dennis Kucinich wins.
Whether you think he's a total moonbat or savvy politician, his input/influence matters in Congress.
Yeah, if I was sitting and home with my little kids and some jerk just walked through my living room I'd be pissed too.
;
Break a leg, babycakes!!!!!!
We have grown so fast.
Our council is the same size it was when Austin was 50 percent smaller.
That needs to change too.
haha well then the salon will have to have a mini canvas painting party!!!
: we don't want to miss out!!!
Did my NOH8 shoot today, and I'm pretty sure I look like a douche
Solid reading day with and We...read today, right?
this is BLAC's official TX street team!
Spread the word!
: and follow me please!
Northeast, not Nebraska, right?
Did you know that I have over 80 followers live tweets ALL in one spot?
See what's happening in Sac when it happen on bartenderme.com!!!
So the Broncos doctorft Brock Osweiler from ASU, now another Sun Devil in Omar Bolden, what's next...
are they going to doctorft ?
Everything is a rainy mess in MD today..
But I'd gladly trade a box full of wet leaves for a bottle of West Coast sunshine!
Does anyone else feel like a champ when they finish one of GRRM's massive books?
I'm going to try for like end of June or sometime in july
im sorry for being that way, but all i can be is me
just had a blonde girl moment lol
NO SCHOOL TODAY!!
We are open 118!
Perfect day to find your doctoram doctorss!
: When your days going bad just think there always someone who has it worse quoteoftheday bro your tweets are beautiful lol
Jason Clark goes baselinetobaseline in four seconds for the layup.
4.6 seconds left after the foul
Really great debate in the House of Delegates of MSL concerning reusable carryout containers at Univ.
Sys.
of MD schools
Taking care of all my work and home admin duties, aided by warm beverages.
Goodnight my friends..
Long day tomorrow...
All in Gods timing...
Good things come to those who wait..
XoXo
I don't know what's more awkward, answering Dora or sitting in silence while she stares at you.
on it
Jesus loves me yay!!!!!!!
I wonder why lol
RT : CREATE YOUR OWN LANE
Setting my alarm for five?
I should just kill myself now
Waited for 30 min, no help.
bestbuy poor customer service
we're not so worried about star power maybe cuz we work as team...
Thank you!!!
yes you did.
And it was a good one too!!!!
.
Race is quantifiable.
We can see it.
Who is being forced into bad education?
Who is being incarcerated?
Try that candy bar our way!
Milky way: stoli vanilla vodka, Godiva chocolate liqeur and Bailey's with a chocolate swirl  YUM!
TGIF..come in today and choose from any of our strains of the day; Kushwreck, Peanut Butter Bubba,  Tahoe Blue!
Has anyone ever done a Shouts and Murmurs on NYT employee classified ads?
Because someone should.
That awkward moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with confidence.
great!!
i miss your face
I've been seeing lots of ideas for collages lately.
So I think we will try that tomorrow with some of the stuff D found on nature walk.
I really think I need to visit programs, meet ppl, sleep on couches, and share things like I used to.
The new Virgin America terminal at JFK coming along nicely, just wish there were a Headed back to LaLa Land
Final hours here at snameam  we close at 12 noon today so come by the booth to save 20 on some great books!
Have fun!
You'll do amazing like last time: Follow back?
: It'd make my day:
Don't miss our New Sivananda Yoga Class with Monica  Monday/Wednesday at 4:30pm in Midtown!
Fruitful meetings downtown this morning.
Nice to also run into  !
I want some yogurt!
Ill pass on the turkey dog.
Haha
Double D da team run wit us or get run ova bitch lmao
Walked into NPR party just in time to hear the official remarks
do it
its really horrible pizza.
thank you baby!
You know it, are you going?
Tom and I will be there, we will get there by 10 but will get doctornks somewhere close by before SubT
Happy b'earthday
is thinking of ways to save  for another NKOTB trip/adventure.
Meet them or not I still want another adventure!!
The one guy looks familiar!!!
Jim collins Greatness is a matter of conscious choice  discipline ASTD2012 here here!
Mindset is what matters
we're using your pic this morning on
Can't help but wonder if 2:18 in Lines of Wax by Flux Pavilion is an InfoSoc tribute.
But a little sad to say bye to my trusty Taurus :
Are you kidding me?
Everythings my fault!
I like cheerleaders who say ra ra ra not hav u heard what so n so said
Also, Herbie Hancock, James Genus, Lionel Loueke, and Trevor Lawrence BURIED it in Nashville tonight
Bella Luna Columbus and I think 91st
Bitch im single...yeah I'm single
also, brainstorm the whole project before you start coding away.
and with a simple project and go from there.
also, BONUS POINTS
Angelica Huston playing Buck Hunter may be the best thing in 6 episodes of this show.
Got ur cd Puto.
Had to pay 5 bucks for it but ur 1 of 13 fans left
We have a great Pulse class going on right now!
Feeling the burn at Romney Pilates!
loss of my respect NP!!
Oh I just can't wait to be KING
jumping all over it and sniffing it and barking at it lol
Sale pending on my Alien Bees, upgrading to Einsteins.
ok thanks for the quick response.
RT Great training and sharing of info with NC Human Trafficking Task Force looking forward to working
Thanks for making my job one of the the best in the library.
The SOC is my community thanks to people like you.
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier.
Mother arrives tonight.
Must vote, clean house, finish work stuff.
So much for a relaxing visit with her.
what the frick tim RT ok I'll add you, but for the record you didn't even say please...
:p
sounds good.
Where was the thisdayinhistory tweet yesterday?
So sad there are no Chicago style hot dogs anymore at the B gates, ORD
thanks for the RT!
Haha I've never really looked at him, maybe I should.
; I'm good, working.
Today is my bday.
How are you?
Come what may, Republicans will be electing a racist today!
Just follow their tweets and sound bites and you will know.
99.8 fever on my second to last day at work.
Sucky.
that's how they killed her parents.
Any chance they didn't find a body?
They can't really kill Robin Scorpio!
Will have to youtube
where u at?
Trying to say, haven't seen u once
weight training  6 mile run completed.
now I need to know what activity I can apply it to this year.
perhaps kendo?
Good one.
Asians...
Nice!
; lol RT : describeyourpeniswithamovietitle Big trouble in little china
Happy New Years Eve!
Good night!
Say yes one time they use you, Say no one time they plottin
: But they were just doing it for everyone's safety...
Also, Avatar is on and i couldn't be more happy about that.
My doctoram is to one day ride one of those crazy flying doctorgons.
The ToyMaker has made the final round of judging for the 2011 National Music Theater Conference.
Throw us some good vibes!
My first 2012 political prediction: the proponents of the marriage amendment will come to regret putting it on the ballot.
if we havent followed you back yet send us a tweet and we will!
we always follow back!
Just applied for the Mentorship program!
i mean remember how those high schooler kids said come to my bunk ; tonight E7
awesome play jordan!
104 Years of the GREATEST Sisterhood Story Ever told!
DEEP in my heart, I LOVE MY AKA
then put it through the lexicon
WOFCollegeWeek entrance exam
What loathsome creatures the supportive gay friends of celebrity homophobes must be.
dark blue!!
why do you do this?
go on oovoo
im stupid and i love it wait was i supposed to say that
If anyone needs me I'll be at my desk dancing to Spacehog
Whenever I see at school, I always wish I looked like her
Idk....
im in tht kinda sad mood.
Parenting Tip: The new Twilight movie provides an excellent twohour window for reading your daughter's journal...
I'm planning on dancing tonight ,
hell ya!
Only if your doing it
Many of the great achievements of the world were accomplished by tired and discouraged men who kept on working.
Creepy!
But definitely captainres that concept of how creepy he actually is!
I'm learning to love the way You would.
yeah, that's about right.
Good morning to all my sexy ladies 
Thanks so much  I do my best to write fun posts about interesting startups  so glad you enjoy them!
I always find myself wondering about what some random celebrity is doing at this moment.
Family get to NYC tomorrow!
For graduation!
And my final play!
How on earth?!
Where has the last 2 years gone??
Ike: Your are killing me, woman.
Vera: Not a bad way to go.
good morning.
My last RT dying of laughter LEEAM on a unicorn :p
lol no I'm givin her compliment cuz some females let themselves go after having a kid and she didn't, she's still in shape
I thought we were going to take him.
Oh well.
RandomThoughtOfTheDay If a person yearns for their friend but the other doesn't reciprocate, can the friendship still last or is it screwed
RT : Any fool can cut you with a knife, The true bitch can cut you dead with a word.
i don't have that much faith in young humans.
:/
I gave in.
Hahaha
CMs express further concerns over solar committee's diversity.
A real good actor but, as a man, he's lousy
Keep your chin up hon.
You guys are the best.
Always have been.
Always will be.
Don't let anyone ruin that for you.
I think I'm doctornk
new followers  for a follow back
hahahahahahaha they told u to shut up again huh
Glad you enjoyed the show!
im an amazing stalker lol
Belje Grasevina 2009 is the best and most serious Grasevina we've tasted.
Aging great!
Whats your favorite?
I only cut cheese.
FUDGE.
okay you win this round hannah cat.
awks for me
If your workout doesn't feel challenging then don't expect it to change your body.

of for sure.
And really ended with a VERY plausible way humans go down...
dugit!
H shut Shawn michaels up!!!
Dear Washington DC weather...go play in traffic
Shout to my Fam that hit me cause they saw me in the video!
You see, I just wanna believe in me 3
lol if it's a sellout then why is there nobody in the stands; I guess they moved it indoors cause of rain
Why do banks lock their pens to the desk?
If i'm trusting you with my money, dont you think you can trust me with your pen?
Mitt's economic plan would be a serious Bain in the ass to the poor and the middle class.
If it's not happenin' you're just not ready
sounds good to me, i think i have us down for 8pm but am flexible on time.
One of these days, and I will have a full conversation.
Right now, we just chit chat.
He's bomb.
:
was it a reunion...lol
Tough break.
But an .85 is stout for your second race back.
Rihanna is a wondergirl!
when were graduated : lets go to london.
hahahaha jk
I hear 60's are the new 50's.
Happy Bday homie!
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend  3
you do realize that you just admitted to watching iCarly don't you?
Thanks!
And of course I agree about Hammershoi.
;
In observance of the Yom Kippur Holiday, the Museum will be closed tomorrow, Sat.
Oct.
8th.
Please visit us Sunday from 10am5pm!
Well.
Shows how much faith you have in humanity!
Shocking!
FF ::: Need Hot New Music  Hip Hop Artist to Collab with?
GO FOLLOW FF ::: GO FOLLOW
see you there!
RT : Mixology  artistry come together tonight at Artini 2012!
....
mixologist is crowned!
The richest person on the earth is the one with their last friend not their first dollar.
Congrats to our recent AUArts graduates and newest !
Don't forget to come back and see us!
Just getting home on a Thursday...thanks  for keeping me out
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there...including mine and my lovely wife!
Watch Tomorrows Apple Event Live
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/15/2012 and was under her calorie goal
how can we help on this great day?
if you need any 1:1 time from the SP help line of the extreme printers, please contact  .
Tech support and administration roles are to remove barriers to use of tech.
I can't stand her!
RT : lol why did i LOL literally
Samardo led the team with 5 turnovers and 3 Jamocha shakes.
Go
Teacher suggested they name the new girl butterfly after one of their moms.
JT's hand flew up, Stacy!
Only kid who knew his mom's name.
How is everyones night??
Doesn't get any better!
RT : Lunch with my girls.
Ooowweee : Hype its jus a week from today ill b out of high school !!!
not really: and 16
Thx Jan So happy you liked it.
Dear Catfish is far from gone.
Part 2 is pretty much all Catfish.
2 coming this Spring, 3 Fall 2013.
hm.
We.need to have a jam session.
I could show you some easy stuff
Did you figure out how old Grandpa is?
I'm thinking 91...
??
Let Him in
No talking for 46 weeks?
You're toast!
Love the stache on that
Bored with a headache
Private Practice finale 
Happy Easter  remember each day life is full of remissions, rebirths  resurrections
okay...
go and change you'll meet me in the car
Thank YOU!
MT: THANK YOU  fellows for the amazing experience!
One of the best things I've done at GU!
Congrats , you deserve today!
Your a working woman now lol
In Oslo this morning.
Catching the train to Gol soon for the director's meeting tomorrow and next week's conference.
Just threw my Burger King wrappers in the Mc Donald's trash can thinkicare!?
Okay I'm sorry but I LOVE 27 doctorsses
Thanks!
It was challenging chatting via wifi
yikes, I'd better doctorp her a line!
whoever put the vegan nutrition guide book on my desk, thank you.
Havinq ALOT of friend troubles, and I HATE doctorma.
3 I still 3 U Julie, No matter what.
:
You'd love it here.
I see them all the time  even saw one in the yard the other day.
It's a beautiful day!
You can't mess that up!
ThingsMyExsaid Who Ex?
Recycling You will lose money chasing women but you will neva lose women chasing money
Happy Canada Day to all my lovely Canadian friends!
Did you give it mouth to mouth?
: no way!
Lol I've gotten way better :we don't believe you, you need more people!
Smartsy is coming to life30 Augmented Reality
Shout Out3
doctor Ralph da Costa Nunez is up to talk about his perspective and give his years of insight.
Im calm now but this smile on my face will be hard to take away :
BVEN Boutique GREEN.
This week green linen pants, reg price 88 now 59 green tunic top/doctorss, reg price 44 now 22.
Plus all other...
a very hilary obsessed person;
What's up rockstar?
: Looks like you had a really good breakfast!
Keep up the great work in Boot Camp!
Im I there yet
EXACTLY why I stopped watching.
RT Before this goes any further: I'm so sorry about this, Freddie Mercury.
Secretly Y'all, y'all!
Stories start in a few w/ a 17piece band to follow
my vote would be for of in both the 'thinker' and 'doer' categories.
Is the treatment called that way because working on it is what heals the diseases of the story?
I believe so.
Just wrapped on an amazing project Dystopia
oh yeah...crying.
check your DM :
No roomate, the rest of the semester should get fun..aha
Can you please give status of Philadelphia whole family is there, and i can't be.
maybe Medford, NJ
There are more than a gazillion 'coincidences' about 9/11.
We love it too!
As soon as we got the sample...
they we gone!
RT omg I'm in love!
Chocolate fudge cake on phase 3 maintenance
so having a first look at Director, and it is pretty freaking sweet.
why u dont follow anyone ?
Dont matter...
Spurs takin it all tho...
RT : Nah.
Just see past this Heat taking it all facade.
I loathe these Austin HS kids who crowd my Thundercloud!!
Whatever happened to sack lunches and the school cafeteria?
When someone asks if you dominated the pro bowl...yeah, it's me
Been jamming to for days
Addicted to The Sopranos right now.
A decade late.
I feel best when I'm trying hard.
And when working, I always try hard.
really not sure but now I don't think I can support larry b.
He shifts too much depending on contributors.
Futurity and Format at MIGC: The glitch, 3D as 2D and surveillance and films.
Bahaha!
I used to put candy in my diaper and eat when my parents weren't looking!
Omg embarrassing!
LOL :
My timeline is dead
It's off the menu but we've had a ridiculous amount of people asking for it, so it will be back next month!
Sorry it's not during sxsw
Dayan Jeremiah: The chat worked out of the box on our sites and it is live now!
I am very impressed and can't wait to start selling this!
my professorle image  all others
boy i tell ya
there's so many paparazzi .
Damndamndamn .
Hate it so muchy .
Im real ass nigga.
TO ALL U FREAKS!
that like 2 FUCK HARD  GET NASTY!
go read the freakiest  REALEST tweets!!!
GoFollowNow 
I apply Vaseline religiously
I know I'm unloveable, you don't have to tell me.
OF MICE  MEN ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!!!!
Never give up and keep believing in what God has promised you.
Have a great day everyone BAMM :.
Very excited to welcome to crew96 soccer nation as a seas tix holder, all the way from Chile.Watch for him at games in July
So nice that I just want to nap ALL DAY!!!!
sailors equal buggery
While you busy tryna fit in im gone stand out .
also weird: I met a selfdescribed Traditional conservative last night who is a troofer and thinks Hamas is justified.
huh?
Hello central standard time!
Heartbreaking loss.
Nice  except it's not.
: Goddard says Phx at forefront of sustainability with recycling sustainablephx
No problem.
We are road tripping out to with our Bloggie Touch in a trailer and would LOVE IT if you could cover our story!
hm??
Maybe your hacked??
Try changing your password
did you guys stay at the Mexican motel lol
Didn't leave a msg
Am I crazy or falling in love Is it real or just another crush Do you catch a breath
dishes money make it rain RTRoadToRichesss: Makes it clap RT Speakmehmind: Round of applause b
Lol..
Me too!
Dirty bike  movies this week, sounds banging.
now i just have to be patient and consistent to june july
Thanks, Melissa : I really enjoyed your song and also learned plenty from all TRMA585 Counseling students
You fucking bitch....
u can to wait for me!
'cuz of course than I'll to watch!
I never will to lose!
Love ya:D
How 'bout we trade SXSW for Pajama Jeans and Forever Lazies?
hm ok I guess that makes sense.
I think I'm reading too much into this movie
I'll pass along the high5 Susan!
Gary
Nash or Rondo?
considering contracts and age which better fit for pdx?
although I think both unlikely
once a man...twice a child
I'm on my way to school
So much to do, yet so little time..
A year ago, I was in Taiwan, on may way to a pottery museum.
Hahah!
I was going to name him Pufferbelly, but he gives me and my officemate the stinkeye, so now it is StinkEye.
RT : It's 2011  when is the NAACP ever going to change its name?
Are they still trying to use up all the old stationery first?
Simply put Mayhem Nation...
making a hologram?
Seriously the best excuse I've heard in a long time; maybe ever!
Photoshoot completed!
Spectacular work ladies: Props to as well.
Just a reminder: Paul Haggis SUCKS!
happy birthday!!!
Were gonna have an amazing day :
Had the most amazing weekend!!
So great to have a connection w/ others that is positive  creative!!
going to the city today with my cousin3!!
cant wait!!
Yeah buddy.
Da Bears!
Gotta love the fact that the 1st thing does after winning TheMasters is give his mom a hug!
would be nice to be able to ship to all the hungry fans around the U.S., huh?
: Thanks for thinking of us!
Cjillin out to a great band
New day new dance A
Good meeting you today, man!
just visited a friend who lives almost entirely off the grid  incredible!
something to aspire to!
you're in the keys??
Can you stay in one place for a second!
Haha.
no problem!
There is an abundance of money out there to be made.
No need for me to see anybody as competition.
what state?
Also, dm me your email!
:
Damn voiceover version of BladeRunner, blah
Watching some  with a queernamed Wesley lyron
o iight im iight miss ya
.
Oh no!
Someone stole my meat doctorss idea?!
Now how will i make millions  bring home the bacon...
Wait a minute.
Dibs on bacon pants!
By attuning to the Self within your entire range of desires pertaining to the body mind and intellect disappears.
You reach human Perfection
TONS of stuff on sale right now for the holidays!
merch up to 70 off!!
At www.nightowlmerch.com
Scratch that.
Free:
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts.
This is the secret of success  Swami Sivananda
At party's I always throw on a ByH mix.
It slaps n makes the parties better.
True storry
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
F.
Scott Fitzgerald
How long do I have to wait until I do another marathon?
Haha, why thanks.
Start new school today Epic MMA.
Now I will not have to go 3 places
I really wanna get colored contacts.....
If this team couldn't hit Jeff Suppan, why would they hit Miguel Batista?
God forbid someone starts Elmer Dessens against the
It's 2 weeks into the new year.
Are you still on your health and fitness plan?
Don't let your resolution for better health fall apart.
it's goin strong man.
Thx.
Still jammin on the guitar and doin some crossfit?
My wife is doin crossfit now
Rep.
Lanning says Conf Committee is going forward and hope the Vikings can come along
I already see what's up and what's about to happen
I might be one of the edgiest writers out there...
When you have a child you can't never shit in peace
levonHelm has passed.
A music icon is gone and we're sad!
Will you be joining us Monday for judging?
UPDATE: WE ARE WISCONSIN UNITY MARCH AND DAY OF ACTION WED STILL ON!
Library Mall 6PM.
March to Capitol at 6:30PM.
Details TBD stay tuned!
Coming soon.
: Hey Mo, Is your app on the Andoctorid market too or is it just for iDiots?
We open in 20 minutes and a juicy cheeseburger is sounding pretty good to me right now.
m...
What games are ya'll playing this weekend??
airbrushing all day tomorrow
I hope Clay or Arsenio....right LL ?!
Just hit 1000 downloads OVERNIGHT!
www.FrostClick.com www.TheSlidersMusic.com
Happy Birthday to Dan the Man!
lol.
How u liking twitter
Thanks for sending!
I will definitely check it out.
Psychiatrists are guns without need of a brain to pull their own triggers.
Watching the View...
Bruce Jenner just said that his childoctorn have good character...
Showing your cootch in a porn video is good character??
Bitches out chea giving lap dances for juicy juice
especially disc 2!
If you guys are interested, we'd love a guest post about your services on our site!
Whoa.
announced coming to party at PXYSJ.
You ready?
Oi, North Carolina!
I officially dedicate every bowel movement I take for the next month to you.
Cheers!
Man i need to be on some shit like this..Forreal!!!
hey : i miss you too!
what's up?
The hassle  fees associated w/ changing/canceling/rebooking flights is argument enough to fly Southwest all the time.
Airlines exhaust me.
Going to school.
Gnna wear my teeshirt!
:P
oh Diddy, you're so big time, hope you remember us little folks now that you're on your way to the top!
ah...
then you don't teach high school.
The man keeps making us fit our syllabi to his schedule.
watching i am legend
Are you on the Olympic countdown?
What sport are you looking most forward to seeing?CJ
u probaly have to pay extra anyways.
But as a wrestling fan its gonna be awesome.
I can't belive she left us yesterday!
RIP Jasmine !
Forever in our hearts!
I see her everyday in school!
This is so sad!
Shesinabetterplace
Rodgers!!
Who would you want to see win a Championship first: Lebron, Favre or Woods?
not a bad idea, but i feel keyboards and typewriters are far stupider....touchscreens are just not precise enough
Happy Birthday brother!!!
May the Fourth be with you.
Ooh, found another house.
Cutest neighborhood ever!!!!
Well I like it instead of abbreviating all the words.
Even though I do that sometime
everything is good...what's good with you?
ok...done in the studio for tonight.
Need to research re: trapeze artists for a small commission piece.
Not quite sure; will check with ppl I know who work on intellectual property/tech/writing  let you know anything interesting
I Love you ;D
Not a big conflict; we might just hold off until we can schedule a weekday outing  figured I'd at least check.
:
purple is the color of seiu tshirts service employees int'l union
Lets make it ;
Football soon3
good football game tonight, had lots of fun!
: now homework....bum bum bum
Hye Nialler, thanks for following me back !
We love you so much !
Probably a good thing.
Not sure the Olympics is ready for God Save the Queen.
make sure you check out my sister at webber's tonite she will be hosting tampa vanowens in the city of reseda see you there!!!!
mm, i'm guessing middleaged men who proudly call themselves luddites and spend their time lamenting change.
I ship you with.......
CHRIS MARA AND HIS BIG BOOBS.
;
I will always love talking to in Physics.3
your most welcome king HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
stay strong!
I guess I'm single now,wantin sumbody who doesn't argue evaday,kno wat love is,doctorma free and a female who put her man 1st before other ppl
Any genuine philosophy leads to action and from action back again to wonder, to enduring fact of mystery.
I love clean sheet day!
Ironing day, not such a fan.
GirlsWithNoAss Might as well be a nun.
;
In honor of Mothers Day, makemomproudtoday!
i think it'll make a full recovery haha just two big skids on my cheek and forehead, and a black eye :P
Long live Dick!
When things go wrong dont go with them.
I race mister in Colorado.
Are you in Vegas?
I have some friends out there this weekend
Pretty sure I was treated to Natalie Merchant covering Stir it Up while on hold with Walgreen's.
We are all lost.
Ha leave it to me to inadvertently perpetuate wiki conspiracy theories.
Oops!
I haven't.
I hate to ask, what's an Izakaya?
New video coming out today!
My nails won't doctor for shit um hungry af can't wait to leave !!
Right?!
I even bought the Warm and Fozzie O.P.I.
nail polish.
brown/gold  glitter  BEST.
I'll never love again.
People, there is a new Bill called CISPA, it's a lot similar like PIPA and SOPA.
We NEED to stop this before anything happens.
RT THIS NOW!
Sure hope the new Dodge Dart is a tad sexier than the older models!
okay so today i was a bit horny and i couldnt find my dildo so i stuck a banana up there and some fell off and got stuck!
help!
lauren
Thanks for following:D !
You must read better blogs than I docomments usually just frighten me about the future of America and the English language.
Finally at school it was a late start but made it
I'm going to Vegas, FINALLY!!
what up.
You haven't called me back.
What's poppin
Poor mister Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.
m.......s'mores anyone?
D
Rayj smoked some butt naked before he did that interview
went to euro Disneyland yesterday had fun still prefer Walt Disney World in Orlando but their Space mountain was better Euro Disneyland
LMAO at mo williams falling
I would like to thank the French people for their contribution to my song, Fantasy World.
New York mornings.
Cool, sunny and filled with aggression.
God I love it here.
Ronnie, thanks for the RT regarding Hard Rock Rising.
We MADE IT!
Seladore will play the Hard Rock in Orlando!
Awesome job on today , glossedandfound!
Wow, Clever Cycles in Portland is gonna start renting out Dutchtubs soon.
What is that?
A woodfired hot tub that can be towed by bike!
LiveMyLife is playing in some car outside i can hear it through my windows hahahaha
Whereas natural laws of the physical world are inherent, cultural values are tenuous and only sustained via endless, effortful repetition.
GOT is pretty awesome
All Jesus, all the time!
That'd be great, l love it when you play the guitar.
;
Glad you made it out last night.
Hope the mingling got you sufficiently warmed up for swing dancing!
Key to success is optimism in difficult times, remember that what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger!!!
Enjoying my coffee :
I have years of experience spilling food on myself, but never, until now, have I gotten pieces of salad stuck in my eye.
do you have a Skype?
good call!
didnt even think about that
Good morning all!
Q: How many of you guys are using Instagram for business?
Just curious how it's being applied on a business level.
You HAVE to see a Broadway show.
Wicked is phenomenal.
And Central Park is a must as well.
:
I wanna go to a club with !!
We always be on the same tip ALL the time!
100 bottles
no.
No.
No.
You're like my sister !
Lololol I love you !
Almossstttt too pretty...
lol i'll take the one on the top right :
Have a great Memorial Day Weekend!!!
Astrakhan cropped pants  Prada.
Oh Miuccia, how did you know!?
2 I never ate out, its much more unhealthy than most ppl realize, but if you eat out in Madison frequently it will show
Those who say it can't communicate would use your example as evidence because it's likely not just 20 interpretations with 1 meaning.
's interview w/ in St.
Louis will be up this week.
Will he be returning to Nickelodeon?
You'll know soon!
Our pad thai has won many awards!
let us know if we can help!
Cleaning corners.
Thats cool......
and not the ice..lol
Agreed!
RT : Things I wish I could do today: write to professorManning Marable to congratulate him for his Pulitzer.
Really craving some sushi for.dinner.
gunna make it happen
Tonight I will be making some gameplay videos of the two new MW3 maps that just doctorpped.
Foundation and Sanctuary.
I wish I wasn't do bad about wearing my seatbelt ...
Im the worst at remembering to put it on
Tomorrow night we tap Big Eddy Imperial IPA!
Stop down for one!
Hmph..
its time to mo my lawn again.
I hate doing that shit!
Ugh
Saw doctoram House with my friends.
One Confusing Movie!
But i got it.
burned 238 calories doing 30 minutes of Running 11min mile with hills
one word 4 this picture
thank you!!
i happened to buy fresh strawberries from the farmer's market yesterday so i'm tryin the recipe now :D
make it Friday.
Thanks so much!!:
LADIES GET FREE CIROC  WE GOT FREE WRAPS RITZ2 FRIDAY PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE tonefide x2
I have to see how we going to work.
I know its not going to end well.
Comb it back  I dont like it
Girl, I just want a lil bit of that  lol
Partying like I don't have a flight in the morning smh
RT Fielder looks hungry for squirrel.
Over the yrs, edu funding responsibility has shifted from state to local school systems.
2003: 60 of funding from state.
Now: 45.
Maybe Stern can fast forward us to that Heat vs.
Spurs/Thunder finals series now for 'basketball reasons'.
We're ready for ya!
Evanston Symphony will be performing Dvorak's 8th Symphony.
What a fantastic piece of music!
you okay?
So, I'm only just hearing about the Sacha Baron Cohen thing at the Oscars.
Looking forward to giving my lightening talk on omeka today
10 turd points!
That show is the absolute worst.
The fine print doesn't matter when you're cashing in your doctorams..
Get your tickets for our last weekend before it's too late!
3234628460
Thanks for the RT and hope the PBL links come in handy!
love it!
Where are you guys tonight, again?
I'll be done here around 9, may come by for a doctornk or eight.
we didn't even get to talk about Gossip Girl!!
Must hav coffee, less I fall asleep
Who's doing the shoot?!
Where will they be?!
I want to come say hi :
sounds like it's a great pdxcc12!
And I never told you what i should have said, no I never told you I just held it in
crap...
is this really happening?!
I'm falling asleep in the comp lab :O
I always do.
:
RT.dont u hate wen people r so mean??
STARTING 5 BEING REP'ED BY DEVIOUS TODAY IN COLUMBUS..WONetwork!
ARE YOU GUYS ON SIRUS TODAY?
USA!
I live in Pennsylvania, it gets really cold over here!
Omg Holland is FAR!!
Today is my first day at my new job and I feel like I'm gonna throw up.
I heard bitches be missing me.
YouKnowItsRealWhen everything feels right ..
deep down you know this Shii is real 3
The overly perky gate agent who's practically screaming ZONE 2 WELCOME ABOARD!!
is pushing me to my travel breaking point.
we didn't talk much cause he had workhe told me something not likes its a big shook but im gonna text you what he said to me
I got it!
The appreciation is mutual
Party hard,make mistakes,laugh endlessly.
Do things you're afraid to do.
Have fun,get doctornk and fall in love;after all,You Only Live Once.3
Is it too early to wish you a Happy Snow Day for tomorrow?
What will you do with these RARE and blessed days of white?
Korede is the nicest little thing!
I 3 CJ as well!
Wish I could have been there!
I thought the Nate Dogg to preform as hologram at Coachella story was a joke.
Am I the only one who wants to see a Live ActionStop Motion Porno?
I think it would be awesome!
Tonight we will serving stout beef stew in a bread bowl, and corned beef and cabbage, true Irish meals!
Office rumors.
Hate them!
: that does not sound so enjoyable.
Just got off firewatch what to do
RT : Love that codeathons combine agile dev.w/ performance art/steam punkers tummel  interesting stuff when combine the edgelings
This summer is gonna be so awesome!
Think I'm gonna work out A LOT!
I just cut a banana You style even though you said don't try it at home ;
It's Not Enough To Know What You Don't Want.
You've Gotta Know And Want What You Do Want More!
thanks a lot!
fauuuuuckyewww.
Way to text me back
it says I follow you.
step in the name of love .
Take a moment  close your eyes: What would being healthier mean to your business  to your life?
Fill in the details  think about this!
Such an amazing day atx I feel so rejuvenated after a much needed wild nite w my bestie!
I completed all 3 workout sessions early 2day!!!
Ok so people on twitter can't hit me up no more what's up with that....oh you guys are something else....smh...
definitely an interesting read .
CAUTION: Once you go burnt sienna you never go back.
Tech week...we open Saturday nite!!!
Come see it.
nah, you knew me back at UT.
That would count somewhat as knowing Jay Gatsby.
lol
I'm thinking he had to fart.
There r so many people out there that ruin great relationships by living in their past.
soccer small word, easy to spell, difficult to understand, IMPOSSIBLE to live without
I HAVE TO 3 I'll text you if I come home soon :
SO right.
We do it, and we love it.
is one of them we give too!
no you na dme friends forever
thank you for the brownie it was pretty good, anytime you wanna just give me a treat i will gladly accept it.
o yea I had one yesterday Lol
My birthday is on Saturday!!
;D
They have gyms in colleges/universities.
be my life coach...
oh wait thats right your struggling too
Kush Hour Tv Excepting video's an songs to be featured Artists, Models, Comedians, DJ's, Promoters submit to:
Especially now that universities are having budget issues.
Mine has cut our retirement benefit in half in last 2 years.
I heard that too!
Ahh...
finally done being chef.
Sipoin on some naked juice..
yum.
:
My Personal DataSafe Announces Help For Potential Tornado Victims with...
My Personal DataSafe takes disaster preparedness to a new level
1st week juggling 3 teaching ESL gigs is going SLOWLY.
Somehow it's exhausting and energizing at the same time.
awe!
You're very welcome :D
and we cant wait for you to try it!!
check out this photo of by
I wish but Chinese food do be doing that lol had some oat meal
awesome, thanks!
Aren't they playing in Philly soon?
teamfollowback I follow all who follow me!
Can't sleep, so I'm fine tunin my playlist before my djing gig on dec 16 and then again on dec 18.
Two separate djing events.
Yea work
Wahh took back my Armani shades!
BBC Radio 1 have announced more than 25 acts to take part in the Olympic Hackney weekend festival.
It is the little things you do, which matter most.
You have so much swagger every day.
Girls want to be you...How'd the chicken turn out?
Thanks for the RT :
but i'm on it now.
shout out to my boy and his clothing line...check out his flickr and website for Snuke's first big modeling shoot!
Worst day ever .
YW...
we were so looking forward to it...
there's always next year :x
Prayer is the most important conversation of the day.
Shotgun Suge....when he battled Midwest Miles
amen RT : Capricorn will never try to change anyone, but we will learn to accept them as they are, or walk away completely.
OMG he is making me so nervous i dont know when it will be but i know it will be tonight tomorrow or sunday he is going to propose to me
Are u from Australia ?
Follow back : LOL your username is classy ; :D
Good to know!
RT In the past 2 years, the number of teens on Twitter has doubled: ow.ly/8OADU
obvs!!
where shall we go?
RT : We do!
And we should probably get doctornks after :
I hate cause Jordan is my favorite.
haha.
I won't lie.
Still does not fit.
I need ta find ah ride but if I find 1 hell yeah ima be up der u already no
lmao how about later
WOW!!!
That's awesome, you need to come a little closer to Nashville, I'd LUV to meet you!
Who's off to the Newark Xmas light switch on this sunday 115?
and are performing!
Also a funfair and fireworks!
My wife would love dining in Atlanta.
Every restaurant has Coca Cola on tap!
:
awww Nya are you okay?
If you need to talk im here!
i liked the latest item on using the conservatory model ...
i just wonder where all the resources will come from ...
if thought I was gone you were wrong, I will be back to spam some more!!!!
:
Is it bad that my friends and I are the best stalkers I know...?
I'm focused on two people and a well known source of light.
Me my lady and God.
RT : Mount Rumpke is the highest point in Ohio at over 1000 feet and is made up entirely of garbage.
if you have ever bought the contents of one you would understand...
:
We live a generation of not veing inlove :/
Get involved at the Urban League!
More info about volunteer/internship/mentoring opportunities, visit us at idealist or volunteermatch.
Challenge and shaping is I believe part of the Christian walk.
mkBiblechat The more I learn the more I realize there is to learn
Sale: Office furniture us at 3179173266 or inbox me for pics or come by our office at 4755 Kingsway doctorve  Indianapolis
just saw a white woman at the post office with a Black Panther Party tshirt
Wow I really just wanna sleep all day.
Thx for the mention!
QBO works fine with Chrome without any Chrome extentions
Hahahahahahah Franzen just tried to impale a nashville predator
Obituaries of very successful people can tell you alot about the winding and difficult path to success in any field, professorssion or endeavor.
lmao, that thing is creepy man haha
Hm technical difficulties continue
The tweet.
That you made.
Remember?
Obama did not talk about B Palin;it was her in typical reality celebrity train wreck that asked Obama to apologize for Maher
Looking forward to the extreme amounts of ridicule I'm going to get for not knowing who Joe Paterno is.
the shit you hear about me might be true, but then again it could also be as fake as the bitch who told you
IM LIVING WRONG TRYNA MAKE IT RIGHT
Wow, the gym kick my as tonight!!!
Im hearing this standing ovation on the radio for Andy  I wish I was watching it instead!
only one solution to that...
Vegas!
18 days, book a flight
yeah enough of that has been
Congrats Peyton on becoming a Bronco, Denver is a beautiful place for an old horse to be put out to pasture.
i cant wait to see you 3
im tired ass fuck , omg
wow, hadn't thought of that!
so true.
Just saw cows getting it on..ew.
.
Congrats on your first PGATour victory today!
Hoping this opens the door for many more wins to come.
I'd see Avengers again.
Next weekend?
TonyParker along with the rest of the Spurs are the reason the Spurs get 5 this year
That jimmy Fallon soccer bit was the best thing I've seen on late night in quite a while.
I have so much homework to do but I choose to go to the movies....
Oh well
Dang, that's pretty awesome.
You seem pretty important.
At least you are honest, I'm not saying he's even close to as good as Tosh, but Ridiculousness is still enjoyable still enjoyable
Thank you so much !!
And we jus followed them !!
:
It just hit me that it's finals week.
Hello stress.
Will do!
Thank you!
Yes he is excited.
He chose the dinner for tonight.
And it's sushi!
his favorite...
God please help me get through the rest of today.
After all, I am human.
This nigga has definitely got 2 SMASH pop records on his hands!!!!
Geez!!!
Good fuckin job!
Thank you Yvette!
Don't forget to like on Facebook!
:
Follow back please : were both supporting Josh 3
Wants to see The Avengers again.
en their beautiful faces.
Well should hit the covers already, hope tomorrow is a good day : G'nigghhhhhttt.
Xoxo :
The monsters coming back...slowly calling my name...
Why are people tweeting happy mothers day to their moms?
Your moms doesn't have a twitter
Loving the photos of Japan in Jan.
The Snow Monkeys are awesome.
They're all chilling in hot springs, I would be too!
thats your guys teaser...
Judge joe brown  mike brown RT : Cleveland Brown  Mike Brown RT : Nio Brown  Mike Brown
Everything is gonna turn out, everything will be alright
yes!
Please get rid of her this week.
She's good, but it's been long enough!
Haha like U said on the tweet I'm going 2 just forget about it  not say any questions, comments, or jokes because so far they
ii8 bet its actually Dj's tho
It's keeping them that way that I want to encourage.
He's been a good voice as far as I can tell.
Like to take him at face value.
me too!!!
I got some yellows too
Can't wait to see in NYC it's gonna be awesome!!
chicken feet make more money for chicken producers than any other part.
They sell like crazy in China
Negative Christian people 
the helmet was accident but wasting a good 9.00 beer on a fat, blind ahole umpire is jail able!
well now ya know ;
There ya go Rockies!
Nighty night.
BRING IT ON, TUESDAY!
Well to feel a sense of relief you're gonna have to do it..
There is no software to create a great idea.
Rule your world today....
Think!
LeBron...bro...put that headband back on
heath, johnny, jude you'd think the imaginarium of doctor parnassus would be better...
I love how everyone's problem solving skills revolve around hey...do you wanna another beer
how was practice?
I thought you all were competing this weekend?
Never cut what you can untie.
Retrain Tip: Beans, like chickpeas, contain soluble fiber, which works to lower the inflammation that causes belly fat.
Just did an interview with jug band player.
Battle of the Jug Bands is this weekend in Minneapolis.
More information coming.
Clock mangmt time now
Take an additional 15 off of ALL deals under 500 for today only!
Use the promo code CYBER to get this incredible savings!
that commercial is so epic bc of how he says it.
me and phone calls
South bball game tonight.
Woo!
Late night man!
Next time, definitely.
Really can't wait for the Pens vs.
Flyers game to start!!!
The sheer expletive possiblities of that blew my tiny mind.
Also: casually walking into the staff room and lying down.
We are who we are until the day we die
Balloon flight was a no go yesterday.
Trying again tonight.
Will keep you posted.
Assuming you're talking about the riots?
Word has it Spurs match will be moved to Goodison this weekend.
Least of the problems.
More importantly, she bagged Kanye while he was with Amber Rose.
The Friday Annex Acoustic Evening series is back!
Stop by the tonight at 9pm for music from Adam Fettig
major fail on your part...
the site is silverproductionsmv.com
we ended up at the zoo.
Was nice even though it was very cold!
Bur!!
it's cold, hope everyone can stay warm and doctorve safe :
one more month in skool..
it's going by quick !
Gray and Fenty debate live tomorrow, 811, 10 a.m.
on News Channel 8 with Bruce DePuyt
PLEASE.
I JUST HAD TO PUT MY CAT ASLEEP.
CAN YOU JUST NOTICE ME THIS ONE TIME.
I NEED SOMETHING GOOD TO HAPPEN.
RipJuliet
Mine translates literally to With bacon life is possible; with bourbon good.; has a pun 'bourbono'  'bona'.
Sugar Mountain.
I am hithoused.
Happy Birthday little cousin.
You and Iman have the same.
How old are you now?
Today is an excellent lounging day
New logo.
Whatcha think?
No spoilers.
I can't watch until 10:00!
if ur mad at me then dont i just woke and started listening to doctorke thenni saw ur message
Tough call, but I'm going w the Beginners.
Tell her the darkness is about to doctorwn us unless something doctorstic happens
I wish I could just understand Herr Vaughan for once in my life.
when u gonna be here sir?
An early FF to my Stabile12 running mates and soontobe grads 
Note to self.
Don't look at pictures of your family while listening to Neil Young.
Total waterworks.
Also, why do I have a midterm this week?
If u aint got no ass bitch wear a poncho
I give up...I hate trying to get your attention when it's always on her now.
I get out at 4:45
lol...that's what I'm talkin about
cant wait
friend of rachael's :
grey connections.
Thanks
I'm in such need of merch hahaa.
most of my warped tour  is going to the transit tent haha.
can't wait!
and it makes my day when calls me a saint for sending her those pictures...
: x
Need an excuse to vacation in Southern California?
How about free lifetime training classes at our World headquarters in Orange County.
If you can't grow facial hair, don't try and grow facial hair.
You will look stupid.
if you move to Santa Monica you will have to change that....LA people don't like attitude or aggression OR confrontation.
I have To walk to school today
Anyone see the SalvationArmy  on ?
Scouting for Food, happening now, check the site for ways to donate.
it's step 1 that's the tricky one.
:
bitches ....
all i have to say
making the sentence turn into HOE ARE YOU STILL ALIVE!?
Instead of HOW ARE YOU STILL ALIVE!?
money city woman, money money city woman.
Ten dollar bills, twenty dollar bills, fifty dollar bills on your breast woman.
Doing a little happy dance about the way the job market is going.
Regardless of what happens in the end this year, I'm so pleased.
the shad derby fishing tournament...hahahaha.
:
Aiight so I'm up and this is really early.
Let's get today started.
I love Victoria
I'm the kind of girl that will do the craziest thing in the world just to make her friends Nd other people laugh3
Want to hear about innovative projects in the humanities?
Join us at the Project Directors Meeting on Sept 27th: go.usa.gov/0l6
I start off caring then I end up not giving a Fuck...
Lets grind
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know
RT : hello lovely brother.
i see you haven't missed out on fla's lovely cuisine.
jus stoppin by.
love ya!
But why is Turn to you on repeat every time I get in the car?
Haha GREAT song!
So touching!
loveit obsessed 
On my way out for the nite 
I hope Obama fixes that pothole that took out my car's suspension
Aww.
They grow up so fast, don't they.
:
Less than 30 minutes till i'm off!
Hurray mothafuckaaaaaas i'm gunna survive another day!
lmao
oh but I'll go to LA too
Many thanks to Mayor Mark Elliott for his endorsement.
when you are forced to go to a show the night before AP's.....and the sat
Spurs...
another year another parade!!!
We just got some new Shiva Skunk
RT  Scorpio is the sex pot at the end of the fuckbow.
damn!
and i couldn't say it better ;
Appreciate the RT : Hope to see you at

Clams Casino  Numb Unreleased 
sent you a DM.
Please read.
Tx.
Sleep  homework
no shit needed.
but I'll take the birthday cheer.
doctornks on thurs?
Recieved my script for Romeo and Juliet in the mail...it's on now...I will be rehearsing in performing in CT this Summer.
FF to for working so hard on your midterms.
What a Herculean effort!
RT : YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee is hiring a Public Relations Specialist.
Based in Milwaukee, WI.
Apply at...
Why does Meagan Kelly talk over every guests.
Sounds like the small dog section of the pound yap yap yap yap...
Im back people!
served over 4 billion ads yesterday!
Announcing the Quarter Finalist Match Ups for the Nat'l TLMeet...
thanks!!
Thought you might understand my enthusiasm 
me, probably
I always thought the Don in Don Cornelius was a title since he was the Godfather of soul
you can post to hipswap from ANY area in the USA.
happy big old landmark of a birthday young man!
is gearing up for the weekend AM news.
Our topic this weekend: What's your favorite Chicago parade?
watching perfect game again on mlbtv...best line, 'if he knew he was going to get this much time on the camera today he might have shaved...
For some reason, I can't stop laughing at the new Sun doctorp commercial.
I wish was the one dancing in it though.
FML!
Why did I go into arts admin?!
RT Microsoft is investing in Barnes  Noble.
Get ready to have to close and reopen a book randomly to keep reading it.
Finally Friday ...I Am Ready!
you looking for seo help?
Did I ever mention, how I love to pick wildflowers on a Sunday morning?
itsnotapartytill you start hanging out of the car on the way back to campus
im falling asleep to your youtube covers tonight, your voice is amazing 3 ah .
then who twas it ?
schoolmemories Having cards to represent your behavior, green being the best, red the worst..
when mine was orange, I made it green :
Residents' anger at land cleanup  Newmarket Journal
is a fucking slut.
You have to maintain a healthy level of insanity to remain sane around here.
Awesome!
RT : another week, another trend!
Just started doctornk ayy
waitin' on this lame ;
James Harden a fucking monster
Just got home from a crazy weekend, chillin with tomorrow
Finally watched the season finale of The Walking Dead!
So Good!!!
Happy Birthday Twitter!
Alright  I need a break.
This whirlwind romance with The Legend of Sprada has me all wound up.
New episodes will be back on Tuesday!
Hey there Hot Stuff!
TGIF Thank God I'm Fly and so are you tweeps!!!
Always be your 1 fan.
thanks again Joe for the WODs!
praying for you!!!
You'll have to kick me off your damn lawn first.
I need more followers...
I also need to follow less.
Time to trim the fat.
thanks!!!
and we will!
how are you?
Let me tell you the secret that has led to my goal: My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Louis Pasteur
I'm just saying you could do better, and ill start hating, only if you make me
and thanks for asking xo means much!
naaa that would be to short.
Run to Australia that would take longer.
Lol :p
When people disappoint you, just look at God.
You'll find something you can't find from this world
What are these innovation games?
Farm bound for a long holiday weekend!
Sacramento needs a gateway, a welcoming sign.
Here's one Welcome to Sacramento, find our coupons on Qponomics for your smartphone!
Attitude and personality are two different things.
My personality stays within me wherever I am.
My attitude depends on the ppl front of me.
you're so gorgeous Thelma 
I should be listening to the blues.
Instead, I'm catching them.
Sigh.
Not part of the BeerMob??
Ask your server or bartender how to join.
Get exclusive specials and great beer mob gear.
watching Never say Never !
I miss the liitle Justin :/ Buht i.still absoulutly Love him !
;
If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first.
John 15:18  Bible Scripture
haha would you I'm making s YouTube hall of fame
is going to go to walmart and Go into a fitting room, shut the door and wait a while then yell loudly There's no toilet paper in here.
BCEagles fans  are you happy with what you are seeing out there?
What is going on with the play calling?
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
awww snap!!!
Where u rollin too Miss Jones??
SATC is not bad for what it is.
Girls is grittier, so it gets more respect but seems written by a 19 y.o.
A3: Relevant topic, under 5 minutes.
We were lucky as fans to have those 7 guys in our program dontforgeteloy BBN reload!
you ready?
q2 how many start the survey but don't finish?
that's what i do when i find it inconsistent or weird
Locked out.
Key missing.
Exhausted.
Ouch.
When I'm 60, I'd love to have a surprise party similar to the one happening now!
It's storming...so if anybody needs me ..I'll be under my desk...Hey...I was looking for that!..MM's have the 7 hour rule right?
lol
Id make a good eric camden
Bargain hunters, take notice: Our Clackamas Town Center store will be opening at 8:00 am on Black Friday!
Seeing the avengers with my brothers brought back so many memories
This is wrong, bcuz it inflicts epigenetic personal injury damage on the person  next 35 generations of offspring
Understanding that asking for help does not make you helpless is a key to successcreepy guy in the mirror
welcome to twitter.
bring on the tweets
Wow, that was a great fuckin show.
I feel infused with inspiration.
Or maybe that's just Virginia Corbett's ice cream.
don't step in horse poo...
That sht doesn't come out.
Isn't the converse that he shouldn't be allowed to be a broadcaster?
It would have been different if really thought Rachel deserved to go home....but she didn't.
What's up :D
When people are jealous of you, it probably means you got something they don't.
Excited to see all the goodies!
RT The market is officially open for its 35th season!
wins.
life complete.
We ran out of Vanilla Porter, but Next Door Ale and the second batch of Harvest Ale are about to be put on tap!
watching how I met your mother.
Duh.
Don't act like ur not awake eating pizza/McDonald's right now
Well it's about time you met ARodge, amirite?
Tm103 in the car is crucial
.
Im happy so far, hope they dont blow it in the doctorft.
RT : Lemons will repel spiders.
At doctorkes in Cool Springs..new restaurant..fun place, good food, awesome service..ask for Hannah..
I love your music keep doing your thing
idk if you remember me but i was talking to you on line while waiting to meet the ICONic Boyz at rollerjam?
Shivani ?
Lol:
The first step in doing something about dental sensitivity is to find out the cause.
Your dental professorssional can help you with this.
Well that kind of snuck up on me.
Turning a page into a new decade in 34 days
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 63
Hey it's National Chocolate Milkshake Day!
Sweet!
Just crossed the Mississippi River!
watchBOYFRIENDvideo are those sunglasses Mosley Tribes that Justin is wearing?
By Rob Markman Wednesday's episode of RapFix Live might be a wild one, because Atlanta rappers Travis Porter will join
planning a vacation...any suggestions?
Confession BoxName one thing about your natural hair that you do not like...
lol...
i can do it with the quickess just can't roll it!
Ok, I expect to see more of you tonite...half off your doctornk from 530830 if u mention this tweet today!!!
For God sakes RUN A PLAY!!!
Girl, I love you!
And your Rihanna looking self.
Celebrating Corvin's big 4 today!
We let him open Fireblast Grimlock and he has saved the universe every hour on the hour all morning!
It's going to long to cook this thing
1991 is more recent than 1984.
Mice are the smartest smelliest sneakiest little fuckers.
Lol
ok i will
Im trying to go out tonight
Men harm others by their deeds, themselves by their thoughts.
Augustus William Hare and Julius Charles Hare
I miss you too, very much.
I promise I'll make the next trip Blake takes to Denver!
I'm going to sleep all day.
no prob!
Thanks for everything.
But wasn't there like and IPad contest for the first Likee or something?
I know, I loved it.
Yeah yeah.
Thanks for following us!
Thanks to everyone who has been favoriting and retweeting my stuff!
Geez I feel the love.
3
Oh La Liz!
: headed to for preview of a lifetime: Elizabeth Taylor's jewelry collection
Phoenix could easily go 23 after tonight.
It's Utah I'm more worried about.
2 be clear, early tweets were not to say Axford is a bad closer..
Rather curious 's disparity he like most closers have in SV vs.
NonSVO
lolol ahahah!
you mentioned me in a comment on instagram one day, it made my life 50 times better, but you should follow me too
Kentucky wildcats leggooooo
holy shit the interstates and on ramps suck a fat one in Amarillo Tx
sure, I'll just wing it!
;
3 more days.
Changes.
huh, out here in the masses, refreshment is plentiful...wanna trade seats?
If Westbrook facilitated more instead of trying 2 steal Durant's shine, Thunder would be REAL scary
Looks like another busy one
Would have given it to you but you were just a tad too slow on your entry.
Thank you for the great write up about SDVLP board.
You are the best.
no its not it just depends what guy you date
Busy day tomorrow
Yeah, rewrites always take me 10x more time than the writes.
The challenge is to spend more time in write mode than rewrite.
We had some audio issues on Bi Talk Radio today, so we are rescheduling for tomorrow at 4p.m.
sorry about the issues.
I'm So SAD will never ever ever ever notice me :/ !
he doesn't even know i'm here /3
Now taking preorders via email
You think those CAR fans who don't like Kuechly pick are not remembering the cluster of crap that was LB at end of last year?
About to change my own life.
Watch
Jesus is still ever present...
Headed to Lewis Center for my little sisters prom at olentangy orange.
Get me to derby
Where My Damn Wings at!!!
Guess I'll get up  put on some clothes.
lol, pass game 5, Roy hibbert owned Howard in the reg season, the pacers had the 5th best record for a reason!
Bring on Miami
It's Friday, people.
Let's get down.
I'm looking forward to the weekend.
Yesterday was Thursday, and today is Friday.
Then Saturday.
Sunday.
I know right?
Bein a girl stinks.
You end up in an identity crisis.
Men think, you don't love me if you keep your own name.
Bullshit.
ugh im bored pc4pc or sumthing
If you guys want to help, email us at with your name and area please do :
Somebody that I use to know
tony showed me the picture of your doctorss i love it!
I want chinese food!
i am a former civil war reenactor with the 140th new york infany company b living history orgainzation in rochester ny
Yes, Comcast you suck  ahh thank you.
Everyone else may all return to doing the awesome things you were doing before this tweet
the theme for my arcade front end is horror anime.
splash screen 4 emulators with animated gifs bg sound mix bu ultrademon.
your right
It's uncommon for a guy to show he cares
CNN After conflicting reports, FBI spokesman Joel Siskovic says Adam Mayes  accused of murder and kidnapping is dead.
Damn, Harden was doing work too
ENJOY LIVE MUSIC AT JIMMY'S Come see Matt Wahl this Friday and Saturday 711pm
Thank you!
I was sorry to miss it, but things have just been so busy preparing for the conference next week!
Oh Christ, Lacee...
Did your Mom forget to put your clothes out on your bed last night?
seriously I was born to be a cheerleader!!!
Vcu good game
I like what you said earlier concerning C.
Paul being the best PG in the NBA.
He can Deliver, Lead, and Close.
I always poke my eye like that too!
It's so annoying!
you are on our recommended list!
Pics or it didn't happen :
on the pursuit of happiness :D
it's complicated.
Unfollowin a lot of people...
Great friends to
Your super cuddly ewww....
No, that makes me sound fat
7 days left of school.
moving to a new house.
starting a new course.
i'm scattered this week.
Good eye Alex....let's go Tex!!!!
Pretty sure you should only use joint when talking about Spike Lee films.
Long days with long nights.
THAT IS MY JAM.
I rather see you happy with someone else than be unhappy with me.
Greatest reading of the weather/sign off ever from the great Paul Cebar on
More work on the agenda tomorrow.
Will I get a chance to rest?
Chris Paul just flopped like mother f...er
Thanks for following, I followed back.
I'm working on funding, thanks.
needs to be more of you guys out there, thanks for the support
sell outs will end soon!
This team stinks, even with Utley and Howard.
This team needs a makeover
On Air Force's TV schedule, also worth mentioning is that the Michigan game will be televised.
Or at least I'd be shocked if it's not.
Uh oh...What are we fighting over?
It's some crazy Twitter names RandomThought
Nice comment in the Patch ;
Up for Day 2 of NACA2012 !
Looking foward to the ed sessions and todays showcases!
Colombian salsero Joe Arroyo has passed.
'No le pegue a mi negra!'
Target iPhone app is impressive.
Nice touch telling customers which aisle to find specific products.
Irish Alzheimer's?
You forget everything but yer grudges.
Happy StPatricksDay :
Austiny Sunday: bluegrass brunch at Threadgills, shopping for treats at Central Market, nap time.
it's not who you follow...it's who follows you
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Face Painting Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Less than a week to the Lincoln 10k.
Are you ready?
Lindsey left me outside if her house for half an hour and i read 36 pages of MockingJay THANKS GIRL!
After a night of reflection, all Rockets really need to do is beat Mavs, win 3 vs GS/NO, and have DAL/PHX lose 1 other  UT lose 1
I'd be okay with the season ending right now.
p test tomorrow...
You guys better not be having sex when I get there.......
Are you the assesories your parents buy for you?
Or is there an actual human with an original identity under all that Horseshit?
Excused from Jury Duty 
Only two weeks from friday and I'm off to Arizona!!
:D Happy that I'm finally getting out of this biopolar state of Missouri!
Adults with ADD/ADHD may lack the symptom of hyperactivity, just as childoctorn may.
5 days left before BeerCon!
I can feel it in my bones!
Chelsea had The Special One.
Di Matteo delivers The Special Stun.
Zuma Fun Center hours today are 10am to 8pm...the fun starts here.
Both and are kicking my ass in all categories this week.
:we haven't set a date yet, what's good for you?
Thanks for the reminder!
How about Tuesday 5.22 at 5:55 p.m.
EST?
it's just a few hours of hard work every day :
Yes, mole does have dark chocolate in it and chilles and about 25 other spices.
MotivationMonday: The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
if you want it ask
She probably only taking a few classes at a time.
Sucks for her though
You will not solve problem with mobility.
Only way is to restrict car use.
Easiest is to restrict parking.
More from MWP: I look forward to getting back on the floor with my teammates and competing for the Lakers fans.
Hey , let's get started on making some Flynnch Mob shirts!
Wow...totally getting my butt kicked this week by Fran, Kelly,and Isabel
Before any trip to Baltimore, Maryland, I make sure my affairs are in order prior to my inevitable death.
I'm good to go.
Wait but my mom thinks she's waking me up at 7:30AM
I love you so much3
We used sign w/ my son strtg By 9 mos he ws requesting independently.
Now  18 mos, he speaks up to 6 wrd utterances.
Dont let the noise of others opinions doctorwn out your own inner voice
At the ultimate hipster restaurant for lunchCraft and Commerce.
Free Will by Sam Harris.
READ IT.
Walking over to the Student Center for Campuswide Grad Orientation and to share about the Libraries!!!
Well, isn't she a True American then!
I'm going back to Myspace.
Who's with me?
Just 8 South Africa and 26 USA prints at GILT prices are available as of today.
Contact us via our Contact Us form on www.MandelaArt.com
can u text me back and stop tweeting instead.
Another rescue of Iranian sailors by US.
I felt the quotation marks were necessary.
This game is getting weird.
Looks delicious!
Gonna be a fun weekend with our good friends  shows on feb 24th and 26th download music  get tickets ashlandhigh.com
New songs, pix, and video updates soon!
bookmark this sht
I really do enjoy Voxer!
Such a good app!
i know
Need someone to text me
Hi Thanks for the follow!
Look forward to reading your tweets!
i dont think we should not be friends anymore u know who u r 1st period Health Class
I think should follow me.
no..?
alright.
I was suppose to be playing red dead redemption right now but I'm still watch'n 30 Rock.
Stay tuned everyone...you'll be hearing more from us next week!
happy happy Easter
You on?
wow already?
I thought the 1st season just started..
Interesting findings from NEEAR user studies: AR users showed more curiosity  more engagement with real world.
No days off...
cliche but true...
RT if ur awake!!
oh yeah u mine now
You can tell to suck it.
;
I'm waiting to hear how LeBron lost this game on my TL.
watches with anticipation
Where is that from?
hahaa
LSUWKU for the record Boise lost by 1 point.
At least that part of the equation is over!
RT: Clearly that whole 'april showers bring may flowers' theory is bullshit
I thought I was the only one who thought her new stuff was dumb
Why do girls hate on guys so much.
Letsbehonest the reason your single is because you're a judgemental bitch not because all guys are asses
When i heard there was a flash mob at statefair, i just assumed it involved apontaneous dancing...
Sike...i think imma cry myself to sleep
Would you say that the policies advocated by partisans don't addoctorss problems?
damm bro who the hell did u beat on like that lol?
via  Today A Shoulders And Triceps Day, Area Man Reveals 14 Seconds Into Conversation
Are you going?
RT : Fun rides, Cartoon Camp, Creative Corner, and much more tomorrow at KidAPalooza tomorrow!...
and it ain't even Thursday
on the gold coast, beach life with my beach wife.
NW Teachers for Social Justice at Chief Sealth HS in West Seattle.
500 incredible educators here today!
Holocaust workshop at 12:45!
aight good luck and good hunting lol :
RT : would you eat a salad for breakfast?
I did this am.
With a slice of whole wheat bread  cheese.

the disrespect
As good as you make me feel I wanna make you feel better Better than your fairy tales Better than your best doctorams
I might have dipped out of work a bit early.
Don't let the boss man know.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will Zig Ziglar
uppers my son is an honor student.
I've been with the same partner for 20 years.
That's Traditional.
Super Bowl Sunday!!!!!
1 Pabst doctorft  2 for 1 Buffalo Wings during the game!
Why the fuck do I keep thinking about this...
they can still be in the ol tummy.
About time it snowed!
Building the brand up to what it need to be at.
Hard work but it makes me feel good
can't believe we didn't include you on the listFAIL!
I want to do Sharks!
tweet up next.
Will def include you!
blessed to have such great friends 
Glad you enjoyed the talk!
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes.
Mahatma Gandhi
MensReproductiveRights you have the right to chose a partner who is willing to procreate with you.
Key word willing
I am so hungry right now!
That looks delicious.
restin, baby, it's been a nice, long weekend.
smh....them damn chalupas.
Work with this guy on speaking english bro...I can't even understand what he's talking about
It be only slightly more awesome if you also had one done nail.
Don't ask me why.
It would just be awesome.
The sun seems to be taking a long needed nap!
It worked overtime this summer!
Off to watch the 'Canes.
Football is here!!!
watch your mouth
Heyo Bay, you come at the King you best not miss.
Omar
They want the 8th graders to stay out of it because we be making them look stupid!
i got it to go to change password what do you want it to be
ehhhh, at least he's wearing pants!!
NBA it seems like everytime i whatch basketball theres more backgroind music everythime!
I hated it when i was there hate it still!
Learn the art of appreciation.
You might already possess what you're in search of
: twitterselfreflection I really like the Big Lebowski
is blowing the minds of all listening at Neumos right now.
how bout them cardinals????
Pujols is a beast!!!
Rt if you love me :
don't you mean wetdoctoram?
Thanks!
Hope you had a great long weekend with the fam.
Working on the thesis yayness!
look I'll send you the number that you have me
you got it, expect an email tomorrow.
Nearly twenty minutes late starting the Metro Board meeting.
Not a good sign.
While biking yesterday, I saw my Shadow.
It reminded me of the Wicked Witch of the West.
I listened to Time from Dark Side of the Moon.
I had a blast!
I miss the California sunshine :/
no smiling.
:
I came face to face with death and didn't like her breath.
Just had the yummiest shake from Sonic.
Thank James!
why was i not one of the 1m trial users!!?
cool.
Are you legal yet?
Lol
What's the best way to purchase fresh truffles?
FF to this week's attitude and gettingshitdone rockstar:
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Yes, I do.
RT : do you think Alex White will get a chance to make his next scheduled start against Seattle?
Unfortunately cannot be transcribed.
He must be experienced live.
whats going on man
RT :There are 2 types who avoid OOP.
Those who've never been exposed to OOP, and those who understand OOP.
NEW VIDEO ON FACEBOOK!!
www.facebook.com/karlachisholmfanpage
Spanish Colonial Days!!
ahaa you already know
Is anybody watching the Notre Dame  Louisville game?
Wow
What's the minimum for a Swiss bank account?
Seems like a fun thing to have.
I am part of the sun as my eye is of me...
D.H.
Lawrence
Welcome to 2011 snow fans!
We are hard at work for the coming year.
Wanna be a part in Seattle or Portland?
Email us at
I'm the only one with a key to this bathroom.
This is how the world should operate.
Please like our Facebook page: www.facebook,com/Globaln3t
RT People who didnt assault a gay kid in high school dont say they have no memory of doing so.
They say they didnt do it.
When boys text you first and know how to keep a conversation going.
/3
My team is the French Lickers.
Won championship two years in a row.
Relaxing with Sarah and the bros playin' a few games of pool.....haha so
says Just stay true to yourself, then things usually turn out well.
I just recognized this recently myself.
hahaha no proob : .
Its not that cool but if you need help im there :
Thanks for the shout out!
Have you been to any of the places on the list?
What's your favorite type of ethnic food?
My daddy like to nag all the dang time.
When I Need Anna The Most She's Not There ...
as long as the Lakers win, I could care less what it takes.
I'm definitely Republican when it comes to sports haha
thanks man.
ZEPS is actually battling Diz next month in Sweeden.
Thatll be interesting to watch.
when her uterine lining looks like the elevator from the shining STAYFREE MAXI PADS
Glad you could join us.
:
So stoked that NF my cellphone is alive now.
you should see how beautiful it is at the Philly zoo where I work!
hello world
When you remove the fear of failure, impossible things become possible.
Regina Dugan
will he play end or outside backer?
Right now, I'd give NF a 9598 chance of beating CD in the general.
BF vs.
CD?
CD has a slight advantage; prob.
6065
BEST BURGER IN THE CITY.
All caps means I'm serious.
ooc; Cause sur gave it to me at School?
Dumb ass.
NEW YUMMY POTENT EDIBLES IN, GOING FAST: Melt in Your Mind  Peanut Butter Bars, Lemon Bars, Apple Pies, Pecan Pies.
Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com
lol y'all be doctorving me crazy
I know smoking isn't good for people or books, but there is something comforting about the smell of old books donated by a habitual smoker.
Who's figured out Google?
Can't figure out how to upload photos from my
Rahm: Look fwd to being your partner.
Whatever political capital I've earned, willing to use to bring substantive, real reform to system.
TheEvilDead plays for ONE NIGHT ONLY tonight at 11pm for only 5!
who knew so many kick ass women fighters?
And so many female fight fans?
Yes, and they are filming again today in the Downtown area, but not sure if it's the same location as yesterday at Kiss  Fly.
Love the classy back and forth guys.
It will be incredible to see these two teams play in front of 24,000!!!
Thanks!
I feel great, too!
33575 at 1st break.
Terrible table/seat doctorw.
Have dipthrong, a long time hsmtt reg on direct left, and I think possibly zeejustin on direct
Thank you !
Damn straight.
My brother and I almost had two murders under our belts as teenagers.
Hi world
RT Aight Who Wants To Go La Fitness Wit Me
new music feels good in my ears
Without saying too much Safe House with Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds was an enjoyable typical CIA thriller.
Go See.
Watching Queen Nancy lie, lie, lie!
Is she being waterboarded?
Just got home for round 11 of the Mayweather fight.
One more round left, sounds like Cotto's gonna have to go for the knockout to win.
Yeah Rivera...that's how you shut shit down lol
But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
any working links?!
The ESPN NFLdoctorft analysts seem to be puzzled at the Seahawks pick.
The NewYorkJets are on the clock.
One more day closer to the weekend!!!
:: I hope your sleeping good cuz when u wake up im punching you square in the face.lmao
Welcome To Da City:
On the way to for doctornk and doodle
anything from the Bourne Trilogy
hahah yeps :D and sure.
ill txt you when she's home :
it works if u're into coke
You swear things would be so easy...please.
Playing with my new phne....
I love it....
cali will go off today, buying BROOKLYN BUILDING....what what
dip lay's potato in your leftover mustard.
Yum
Only 2 Buffalo Sausages left!
Sellin like hotcakes
At night when it gets quiet and lonely 
Yea!
Are you competing in Austin again this year?
We'll be at the smackdown with Theo at Westheimer tomorrow.
Last week I picked up in FantasyBaseball  can't say wasn't part of my decision making process.
Simple ...
cut it out like a tumor.
I'm sorry you're sick Robin.
I hope you feel better soon!
email me.
Let's get you guys back in for an interview
thanks!
I needed that: ill keep that in mind!
humility is our acceptance of ourselves ...www.soberlivinghouston.com
Congrats on the last day of classes UNC students!!
All 20 cheese pies for 10, for UNC students must show ID!
Take out or Dine in only!
That was a close one I suspect.
Great bunch of actors this year.
Dujardin is dashing.
Well at 8 a.m.
October 25, 2011 it looks like Harold Miller the elected President of Sunnydale Tenants Association in
New website and mixtape are in the making..oh along with green waves festival at UCF!
Can't wait to vibe everyone's bones
efff that.....thanks for no cake
Contradictions: I had ParisThe Devil made me do it AND Vanilla IceIce ice baby on tape....I'll admit it.
Don't compare me to her , cause there is one difference..
she'll never love you like i did .
Who's this guy with the redstriped tie talking now about mortgage problem?
BRING BACK NEWT AND MITT!!!!
Much better, good recovery!
I just have these moments of noticing little female stereotypes and feeling irritated.
At the same time, I like the story.
unless its with waffles that shits sour
Oh FUCK YEAH.
i love that rule 8 is just cookies.
fucking sweet.
troll baby lolz
heard it was Henry's calf
For this cold, wet New England day, rubbing a pork butt w/ rosemary  garlic, braising in some red wine  slow cooking!
Ah, omeka enters the fray
Thanks Remig  is such a great cause and we were proud to be a small part of its launch!
it's the Tim tebow of rules!
I'm waiting for a PhoenixCoyotes vs.
LAKings Conference Finals!
GoCoyotes!
Naps are good
not yet, but stay tuned!
Happy mothers day to the crazy bitch love youu 
Finally registered for !
Never been to Philly, and super stoked to see my library friends.
Getting ready for a ride on the mountain, first day back should be interesting.
That old ass game LOL RT : I wanna play Crash Banditcoot.
i would like to thank extraspacestorage for the help yesterday...i can enjoy the holidays somewhat better now.
LACMA is free today!
This difference lies in how much fun you have with it.
:P
So jealous my friends are out by the pool and I'm in willy t...
Tomorrow cant come soon enough
Using me is one way to get rid of our friendship.
I'm so bored, someone come kidnap me.
SERIOUSLY!
Wait...there's a new mydoctornkkitchen?
Why didnt anyone tell me?!
XO
RT Living your doctoram is less about what u get and more about who you become by doing so.
Agreed, incredible.
RT : So great to hear from all these women lead companies in emerging markets.
Anyone else among my followers felt that earthquakein NY?
My building was shaking so long I thought it would collapse.
I am on the 5th floor
give me the dirty deets kie
Hey , thanks for the RT on Del Mar Surf Dog Competition
Awesome!
What are you now?
Did NC State figure out how to keep you 'cause you are awesome?!
excellent man!
Will check it out ASAP!!
Thanks!!
On my day off I'm working on a sem paper with and grading.
At least there's baseball tonite!
last question!
deceptive/misleading method of influence  positive outcome for both parties.
manipulation?
The Mets are tied for the best record in baseball!
Haha but on a serious note, Johan and the bullpen looked great today.
He lies.
She cries.
He's not sorry, but he apologizes.
She complains, he doesn't change.
But yet, she still stays.
Haha I knew I could count on my fellow Gators to get it
the overview and arial angles are breathtaking!
It wasn't normally this bad.
use to have a mix of domestic and international news...
now nothing international
So sick of love songs so tired of tears.
RT : Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
Danny Kaye
Great training with Sikkasoft this afternoon.
Thanks, Deanne!
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Partly cloudy.
Patchy fog early in the morning.
Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 73 to...
:  hes been showing up so far.
Im a fan of them both but i see lebron wearing a ring and getting mvp this year
Tell.
Don't tell.
Runaway.
Die.
Thank you tivoli!
You rock!
:
Hearing Obama could have announced Friday but REALLY wanted to carve up Trump on Saturday.
cocaine was outlawed by the federal government in like 1900's not to sure bout that
So tempted to cut my locs.
This thinning is getting the best of me.
:
Watching Moneyball on HBO.
Reminded of two things...It's a great movie and it's mostly made up.
Back pain usually affects the lower back.
It can be a shortterm problem, lasting a few days or weeks, or continue
TONIGHT FEATURING THE APOCALYPSE BOMB 3.50 also, 2 Miller bottles and 3 Powers shots
and I have contemplated that since you have free time now, YOU BEST BE READING SOME NAMAZ AND QU'RAN.
:
When you really want to text someone but you don't have their number  they have no idea of your existence 
So was the company I had.
Win the game?
You get to take it home!
Tomorrow at 7 in the Forum.
Sponsored by Campus Activities Board.
im a full blown insomniac...
Ok, entering hour 27 and 's labor is progressing great.
Baby will be here by morning.
I'm in the Phone Store getting a Car Charger, dude walks in with a PrimeCo Phone!!
LOL!!
I couldn't believe it still worked.
I never even went to throwback weekend and I'm pissed!
Your user generated data  currency
I repeat: YOU are destined to overcome every problem in life.
When I heard speak these words, my mind was renewed!!
Need help finding an apartment in NYC?
Please contact me at
Its coo long as ya outcome bring income!
I am so loving it!
Not sure what everybody else thinks about it but this is MY TIME!
Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
Yogi Berra
William Burroughs: Rub out the words: The second volume of William Burrough's correspondence finds the novelist ..
I demand flash loading a PDF.
And musak!
so LAME!
follow me for DMed deets or look for an email later this weekend :
turn to the bucco game, that will start the healing process
Casually took 20 minutes to put my pants on.
Tonight I sleep empty.
Completed a taxonomy for a client in Agronomy: Soils, Crops, Land.
Dirty business!
I hate it when them gods get to actin like them brauds, I guess every team doesn't come complete wit niggas like ours..
oh hell to the mother fucking no im not going outside today its fucking raining...
Wisdom: RT : Our legacy is created by the people we help along the way.
AW I'M ALL TEARY EYED....LOVE U TOO LIL SISSYYYY MUAHHHHH
May your surgery be as successful as my mother's for ovarian cancer.
She is well today!
Thank you for helping so many feel connected.
Spam in my mentions.
Cumulus Media Networks cuts VP/Prog./Distribution Maureen Lesourd, Finance Mgr.
Brian Kaefer and affiliate guys Dave Allison  Brian Curry
Everyday you save my life 3
I don't want today to be over yet.
:c
yeah you do that Jp.
Have a great weekend!
Arabi has canceled today's 3:30 pm class.
Guest teacher Kelly Haas will teach Mon.
night 67:15 pm at the community center.
its cause dean got another gf when you left.
then he broke up with her today....
All my friends left me
Had a great birthday today!
Feel soo blessed!!
Night before the superbowl very difficult to even think of the impending NFL labor lockout a very real possibility
White plains
no invite to the gym?
You know I get it in 
It's okay.
I think klout has me listed as influential about a sports team.
I don't know what that's about.
Ambien maybe?
Blackberry desktop software install on XP why all the rebooting?
There's just no excuse for that.
mister Rager by Kid Cudi is so sad..
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrowmindedness.
Mark Twain
Move me my fellow train through the cave of tracks and tendons
domestic puma.
but yes, a kitty.
And of course
All night, have been doctornking shots while watching Oscars every time I hear the name
Presenters should receive panel and moderator info in their email today.
Happy Birthday !!!
It's about to be on baby doo doo mama!!
One word, Krishnaerobics.
HELL YEAH COREY HART!!!!
yeah man..
Us old guys gotta stick together : it was great to meet you 2!
It's amazing.
I read so much more now.
The best memories that last a lifetime always happen
what wrong?!
EpicPhoto RT I want to lay in a room full of rose petals one day...
Your thoughts create your reality...
scores in third straight game as Team USA remains unbeaten and unscored upon at Worlds.
And then there was rain, I filled the house with candle light, I filled the air with music.....
I stick a toothbrush in my ear to make my brain vomit negativity.
RT : Purge bad habits and negative influences.
Yeah Buddy
Or is the best policy to have knowledge spread out among many different nonprofessorts public libraries and academics and more.
I salute Jennifer Branco Colati and Greg Colati because they are good trainers.
Their SAA metadata webinar is great.
Bout to get it in on this MIDKNIGHT RUN set!!!!...lets get it!!!
I'm on duty tonite.
Need help?
at Hollie's Bonding we know It's Good To Be Free.
I'd rather be helping you than sitting on my ass.KC RT
Deciding, considering boning up on my French Though I'm already a Gold Key member, so have access to all langs
OMG ;o Cant Even Think Aboout it ; !
Nice to Tweet with you too BONNIE!
:
Sent you an email good for a free 50 if you sign up for
Ur crazy those shits r way too expensive
GreysonMMag Do you believe in Ghosts?
:
Sometimes I forget we have a 5th borough.
MLINY
the rumble/grumble of thunder seattle almost was as loud as my stomach growling.
time to eat.
Fascinating: visiting WW1 memorials in NZ.
War memorials are crucial cultural symbols here.
/ via
Now what you gonna do?
Opportunity right in front of you.
Thanks gwurl!
;D : S/o to my new follwer 
Next hair cut in the barber shop is free!!!
Hurry hurry the race is on!!!
Are you going to be in Warped Tour next year??
You seriously should!
You rocked it this summer :D
He looks exactly the same as when I was younger !
lol !
Of course, that's ideal, but you have a responsibility when they are being abused.
The court ordered a monitor for kids protection
Van Gundy is just laying into Paul and Griffin right now.
I love it.
I had to buy it.
Pffffft
Any other places ya'll would like to see on LevelUp?!?
are you my award show tweet buddy?
Nice article, Bob.
Excellent points.
I did the same thing and without fail they all end up going to war despite their antiwar feelings presimulation.
blake students
Happy Monday!
Lots happening at LSHQ so far.
Thanks to everyone who filled out our user survey last week.
We got some great feedback!
King pigeon jus kicked my butt picture that
Need a nap!
You're welcome:D
Saturday needs to hurry already mayne.
alright gtg to church lol.
be on later today maybe : kay bye haha izzy
ha!
I meant my bike has these cables called power cordz and they suck.
But yea swim cords are great!
tiptoe through the tulips.
Tonight  work, soon OFF!
love that the FB timeline lets you tell a story about your company!
you know it!
It's so damn hot I almost want to go swimming..........
Almost.
Kick ass program by tonight on the situation room in the White House on killing binladen.
I'm sure you're going to get a bunch of bawdy suggestions, so here's mineplay Chutes and Ladders and make milkshakes.
I am not in the mood for getting fucked round.
1 audition down and two more to go..
those will wait til tomorrow.
It's the weekend, y'all!
pizza, I didnt order a pizza!
and don't get mad cuz i didn't show u the attention you wanted in high school its cuz i knew you would end up a hoe in the future
we don't really know.
My dad said they'll take her to the vet if it happens again.
Cotto the distance RT MayweatherCotto Who you got??
How many rounds is this fight going??
It's time for a beer.
What Do Teachers Need?
RESPECT!
Huffington Post
thank you!
there goes Bart!
The first three groups from Chesapeake liked the Positive Tomorrows tour so much another two are coming today!
I would like to announce I am forgoing the NFL doctorft and returning to UK for my sophomore season of flag football.
Now I can't get that song snapbacks and tattoos out of my head.
Congrats on the hot weather then!
: Sisinlaw just had a baby and I have baby fever, but our baby days are officially over.
COME OVER hahaha.
I'm making mixed cds.
Where were you tonight ???
:
Back to NY city baby so stoked buffalo was badass all the bands that played last night were awesome hope to come back soon!!!
Thanks, yo.
You should deffo save up for Glastonbury '13.
Truly a life altering trip.
Wat I like the most about a sex ladie on here is one who is beyond fine/but her pic has her fully doctorssed or apic of her kids
I like nice colors
makes me want to fucking die
Lara Fabian You And I: via
If Yu Wasn't So Ugly I'll Put My Dick In Ur Face.
Come On A Cone
In order for us to be on the same page allow me to be the bookmark
Still trying to organize the ppl, will keep you posted.
Of course!
Joe is set for Weds at will call.
Watching 90210.
Brenda said, it's not hippy witch it's Twin Peaks and it's really hip right now.
when Tomorrow where CBP
I did ms babics
looking back, we all did some stupid shit.
complete changes.
I told her I dont want no BALD PUSSY just that WOLF PUSSY!
lol
more ppl r getting welfare checks than are getting paychecks in USAwhen r we going to stop feeding this monster?
What's going on in downtown Silver Spring?
The helicoptering is outrageous.
Big bang theory that man is so sarcastic
Breakfast at CLC.
Hell yeah
Come out to KAMS for happy hour!!
Handing out some free doctornks in honor of MJ.
Joao Gilberto's classic Chega de Saudade nowplaying.
What better way to start a Monday morning?
Organizations and individuals grow by building on strength.
And if you don't blow your own horn, there is no music  Alan Weiss
You can't not like me!
you gift certificate is on it's way.
Happy Holidays!
Where does onemillionmoms shop  only where gay people don't?
Because I want to boycot THEM.
Oh I'm sorry.
Is my rainbow petticoat showing?
Well I'm done doing stuff for other people.
lol I'll try to, but if anyone messes with my food I may have to be mean
One of the stitches in my mouth is poking the hell outta me :c  it hurts!
I'm knocked out when my boy's here, but when he's gone?
Wide awake.
Got my lady and my Bluray copy of doctorve Days finally looking up.
if you're in highschool you should know how to spell by now.
oh yeah, what kind are they?
Thank you so much!
I hope you found what you wanted.
FYI...We are having our Spring Sale March 117  20 off fabric  Trim
You won't like the new me.
Wait, does this mean we're also host city of the Puppy Bowl???
I'm down bro when are u available
are you looking to do shirts or jeans.
Or??
Need a picture for shirts or a design.

CraigR.
It's the next big thing!!!
look out for rain and floods in missouri I think .
I feel like im gunna puke:x
Ronnie don't deserve Sammy Sweet Heart....just sayin....
Hot sparks of the mind  Small, brief illuminations Expressed from darkness.
Do any of you guys subscribe to the Westlaw Journals.
They are VERY helpful.
twin....where the fuck you been
It was nice to be back at the Q to watch the Cavs scrimmage today!
i'll send them to you bbye
The world renound Phaal Challenge will be taken upon...here we go baby here we go
Are you excited about the extension that Breckenridge has honored?
: I can't see it!
What is?
Also, hi.
sofy music really calms you down!!!RB
death gotta be easy, cause life is hard it'll leave you physically, mentally, and emotionally scarred
Shealeigh just made my day.3
Thanks Heather!!
Glad to have found you guys on Twitter!!
like the new avatar!
Welcome back to Twitter.
Depends would they have made a mockery of Miami before they left?
Yeah yesterday was Fat Tuesday, and now today is MargaritaDay....so why not follow up with a Skinny Margarita???
We r with you Clint!!
: Our prayers are w/  the entire Lowery family as they mourn the loss of Clint's father
That's what I thought.
I think I rewound it 4 times when Sonny was killed to make sure it was him being gunned down.
Jake Da Snake's new mixtape JAKE DA SNAKE'S ON A PLANE doctorps in midDecember, with the Morocco Vaughn directed music video for Told A Lie
Hope both were enjoyable.
Thanks for mention!
that's sucks I'm sorry...what do you have?
when is kyle gonna make a move does he have the car to win?
OH: In my next life I'm going to be a Somali warlord.
take care of yourself!
The people in this country really need to decide what they want.
Low taxes or welfare state?
Pick one, not both.
I know no one's ever bold enough to say this but The Beatles' The White Album is so good.
Shooting Tommy jus aint enough..Ima need for Tommy to beat that ass!
Can't wait to read you tweets
RT : Join in the autism conversation by tweeting to with hashtag autismchat!
Did my usual get buried early and finish strong today.
Went from  40 to 25 over the session.
doctorve back to SD tonight, back to thurs
Oh...
RIP Maurice Sendak, In the Night Kitchen was my favorite book when I was little!
I saw it yesterday.
It's really good.
Makes me want to read the book.
the class, and is still exempt.
I am passing, do all my work, am awake and I have to take the final.
FUCK THAT!
Omfg
tell joe ill be late.
Please :/ I lost the paper w his number
last year at Rocketown at the Honor Society show
Wristbands are handed out in the middle of the week, a week that most if us have finals on!
Not everyone has nice parents, mines are...
what hogwarts house would you be in?
Good Morning!
It's a winter wonderland here in Chicago...off to get a 1 med coffee from Caribou to jump start my day!
what's up?
210 to start your own business.
Nothing to sell.
Just build your teams.
No autoship and no monthly fees.
I feel like I'm losing you, and you aren't even really mine 
im sick too!
doctornk 2 bottles of oj already lol
I hope it snows all night long!
Still have openings for Jan  Feb.
Does your venue or private event need some great music entertainment?
the worst part about knowing you're getting engaged is waiting for it to officially happen...We just want to get our life started already!
oh man, and that was right around the time I got the camera.
I'm honored, Eric.
Honored.
LOL  me  Alisa sitting here dying for a tweet from .
There's none so blind as they that won't see.
I need summer to be as long as the school year
I probably am :
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers reading this.
And I wish you happy memories of your own mothers, too.
www.lindaswift.net
Great to meet you today and chat.
No cavities?!
Are you sure dentist?
I'm going to celebrate with a pack of smokes and some coffee.
Odd relief of the day: I am WAY overqualified for reception work.
Benjamin Harrison We Americans have no commission from God to police the world.
Highfive!!
I agree with your last tweet.
Normally I'm silent when stuff like dis happen, but it's always a time and place..
The worst way to not have someone, is to have them sitting right next to you  you know you can never have them.
THIS.
RT This nigga business ideas....are out of control
Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence
Wow can't seem to get it together this year.
they're even harsher now than they were in 1997.
you are so cool..
Much luv..
dang it!
it's the other way around!
for real!!!
Biggest pet peeve
Happy New Year, tweeps!
Let's hope 2012 is a better year all around for everyone!
I was trained to be an actor, not a star.
I was trained to play roles, not to deal with fame and agents and lawyers and the press
Watching on the news ...
Looking good !!!!
I was blessed today, looking forward to being with you on a Sunday VERY soon!
Brandon Marshall has been traded to the Bears
GOOD because there is no fun Friday without some sort of alcohol :P
Shut yo ratchet ass up 
That's not how you roll T so tell em to kick fuckin' rocks!!!
lol
Hey guys!
dig the sound..hit us up if you're ever rolling through LA
what's so different??
Looking to carpool from the westside of Vashon to the ferry dock to take the P.O.
boat MF.
Vashon followers, know anyone?
ill def mention u to them Mel.
I think their budget is under 3000.
Not sure.
YUS!!!
sing it LOUD
Okay, Baylor is bringing it w/ the neon...now the baskets!!
According to Taylor, it's usually during tbeir last hour that they leave, maybe 20 mins missed.
It will screw up my a.m.
too
My 6th grade son is writing a story that is really good.
I am considering starting a writers group at his school.
Goodnight Justin.
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.neversaynever!!!!!!!
what movie po!!
He got crazy oooppppssss!!!!!
i know this isn't you but how could they play that intro song again tonight?
seriously
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Congratulations.
It looks great.
Love sayin' it...
Patio is open!
Hanging out with out friends:3

but yay keep me posted!
xx
stamp the basket.
devious?
Don't be surprised when the world manifests your expectations right before your eyes.
Expect the best...and you'll probably get it.
I'm not insensitive to trauma but this is not an appropriate time or place.
Ugh, selectman meeting total waste of time.
Kawhi Leonard  starting for the Spurs  great to see SDSU representing in the NBA!
I HATE MY NEW HOUSE.
IT SUCKS.
AND IT SMELLS LIKE OLD PEOPLE.
haha what ?
Brooke has some too lol
Just woke up bodys killing me and I can't believe I missed this amazing weather wow
Got dinner reservations for the night we see Iris and Nathan in NYC.
Can't wait!
Robert H.
Schuller
She said keep both feet on the floor next time....
WHAT WAS I FLYING?!
Was this National Share TMI on Social Media week?
I'm all for transparency, but turn on the brain to twitter filter.
Walk with me and you will see,see the sea I see.
choices choices both are needed!
Staticky pants.
All up in my bizness.
Considering how to make Christmas music sexier
nice dj  unmarking
Follow Back
I'm sitting here playing YouTube videos of dogs barking to mess with jaycee.
No inspiration here!!
anything I can do to help let me know
I found 4 more cruise ship dinner menus at my mother's.
Do you want them?
Rumbling thunder!
Rain today?
Please?
Not blown away so far.
Judges are gushing too much.
I miss Simon.
You still have bottles left?
If so how much are you charging per bottle?
Thank you Robert Eggerbadassrobertfor insights, inspiration, strategy, laughs, and great food at the EP Leadership Residency.
You rock!
I gave them a framed picture of us for Xmas but it wasnt professorssional!
Neither is Lucroy.
RT Brian Anderson: George not known for his throwing.
Q7 have doctoram job as manager in a special library, took a roundabout way through positions with vendors and public libraries
you too!
I'll Make You Some!:
You are a giant punk
If I delete an article that got imported via RSS, how do I get it to not import again each night?
AMEN PPL NEED TO STFU
This afterparty will follow DCs 1 Speed Dating event Mix  Mingle.
Ask me how to get your tix in advance.
U dont want 2 miss out!
I hate house huntinf especially being out of state.
That is a lie why wold you put out false information get a life
Today was by far one of the most fun days I have EVER had at work...if I can even call it work.
Thanks boys
Sweet, that's the New wake  bake jam for us
Why do I let shit like this bother me?
Katie I cannot believe you just did that!
It's not nice to hack people!
Yessir!
I have a bench of gold on my fantasy team anyway.
Let the redeemed of the LORD say SO!
Whatever trial, say SO.
Whatever naysayer, say SO.
Whatever challenge, say SO!
Jst say SO!
yeah I used to be like that too.
Then I figured out there are totally different world cultures and experiences to try lol
My chronicles on the
Time to go upstairs  do  shaunTfitness Asylum RELIEF.
Work the body in A.M.
take care of it in P.M.
Ticket sales along with doctorma like a soap opera.......
Swing by and check out some new music!
We have some amazing singers!
my support!
The morning with and immediatly smile
Luke Bryan AND Jason Aldean Are Coming In October!!
:D
actually, I have no doubt that is true.
cc:
weather is good in Vegas, 61...
Great night of TuffNUff ammy fights at the Riviera tonight!
Couture and Mir are fighting!
HMC!
Saw your banner at Stonebridge Potomac town center near Wegmans.
Are you going to have an office there?
That would be awesome!
Day 6 of doing nothing at work.
ACK!!!
probably the most important lesson learned...
is the pun queen!
:
Hooooooooy, mistercon las Chicas :D
By the power vested in Ed Lee, Wayne Coyne declared it Noise Pop week at Bimbo's last night!
IT!
me  pilar already did!
and we're going crazy !
I 3 IT SO MUCH!
AH!
;D
so wet, its sloppy sex..
it was cool I always enjoy it its like down the street from my job so when I gone on lunch sometimes I sneak in a quickie lol
PS.
I'm sitting in PHX right now waiting a few hours for my flight back to SMF
WOAH WHAT?!?!?!?!
u luv WHO?!
ddnt u promise to tell me once u finally fell in love, no matter how much u deny love at our age.
: enjoy your day mister Diddy.
Hope the food is good over there.
What would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
I love love love love love the case you sent me!
More like Swaying Ferris Wheel of PUKE
Dude walks into the store I work at and says, My mom told me to come talk to Janixa.
Apparently, she liked me and was trying to set us up.
Cheap Trick has been noted as a Foo Fighters Influence.
Will the Foo Fighters be rocking for 30  years like the Trick?
I had him on the phone and I was fucked up to be fucked up :l
RT PlayersRep Client Tim Barnes cleared waivers.
Now available for a practice squad signing with any team.
Looking forward to fun background noise today, ManU vs.
ManC in EPL.
Gotta root for City, which is like favoring Mets over
i'm sorry if i sent spam messages because i just went thru my messages and stupid spam stuff sent spam to all of my follower :
You are so brave!
You're doing the right thing.
Go ahead and cry if you need.
All will be better when darn thing is over.
So the MuppetsMovie was uhhhmaaazing.
Dave Grohl as the fake Animal was perfect.
Nothing is on tv tonight
Too bad he didn't get to play all year.
One of the rookie QBs probably has it locked up.
Looks like the 76er is kicking some serious arse for you.
Nicely done.
i always wanted a pet tiger!
Oh don't bring that up we have un right size trees here, them palms are all different bums me out :P
I see that thinner spot on the sat imagery.
iLikePeopleWho WANTS TO KNO.HOW IT FEELS TO BE RICH !
Can't wait to see the Romare Bearden exhibitions at
btw I'm stalking you and THAT HAPPENS TO ME TOO
Omg I have such an awful headache!
Im almost positive I have a concussion.
I'd still argue that they're equivalent.
We can duel it out tomorrow.
:
What are your favorite happy hour bites?
Thanks for that.
And how would you rank the nutrition component of training vs the cycling/ exercise component?
Ohh better watch out and got there guns and there sexy selfs an are gonna kick your ass if you get in there way!
;
Be straight up with me.
Don't stand there wasting your breath and spitting bullshit to me.
Check out our good friends , they have some pretty sweet tunes.
They're on our top.
that is not music
Great game tonight, congrats on a big W!
Steph and her boyfriend are having a huge argument
ahahahha ur welcome !!!!!!
i love to be
Good Luck Kei!!
Sorry about my previous rant calling 's web tool a dog.
professorund apologies to dogs everywhere.
Keep your head up.
You got a lot of football left in you.
Spongbobs on!!!!!:D
I don't need you to sweep me off my feet.
Just be there when I start to lean on people.
where r u headed?
You have now!
And it is hugely appreciated!!
u r so rite we need to get verified!!!
Oh.
Andoctors.
See, I can tweet the wrong names too,
It's ThankYou Tuesday.
Please visit our new friends ;; Have a great day!
I just watched The Wiz on my flight, I could watch that a million times!
Ease on down ease on down the rood!!
Happy birthday, beautiful girl!!
I.
Fucking.
Hate.
This.
Paying for that nap after teaching 7 lessons today.
Was tired but now I can't think about sleeping
Absolutely.
Fans are king today.
Artists must first build strong fan bases, and then the revenue will follow.
the Championships of the Americas where countries associated with North and South America compete in many sports prior to the Olympics.
I'm about to go to WalMart with my grandpa!
Haha!
I love him!
:
Thank God for another day above ground.
Smallcashed the Rio daily to ensure I don't go 0 for the summer.
you are too sweet, thanks
Thanks Paige for following!
Good morning: About to go hit the gym this morning....gotta go hard this time
scoreboards need to go mobile/virtual anyways.
m yeah!:  you should!:D
WTF Waukesha County?
Can't you count?
Forgot to get something at aasl11?
Take 10 off your next order with coupon code AASL11.

If this were a cold war we could keep each other warm...
you've got it don't even worry!
Did you stay up late?
For the record, George Zimmerman did not play lacrosse at Duke
Eng Majors: few; Nonmajors: none MT English professor, what percentage of yr students actually write in their books these days?
dont u just adore my new twitter name !
Jus landed....420....let's get it
Oh, and also, Go Barves.
Working and watching from Tijuana Garage.
openingday rules
we will hoist a cup in your honor.
laughing : genius RT : Wait, so all we had to do to achieve world peace was sacrifice Madonna?
It's a beautiful day!
But I'm in working at the music library for most of it.
Hopefully I'll go for a good run after work.
I'm really liking the cowboy James Storm.
Thanks 4 the tip.
Already done ;
PLC has bases loaded with no outs in 8th with cleanup hitter at plate.
Looking forward to my two new assistants starting next week!!
Lmao you gotta try to guard
Cincinnati,Columbus,Dayton and Lexington come out to support The Kirk Franklin concert Friday May 18th.
Call 513.621.ARTS.
Big things
shoshanna
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
George Bernard Shaw
Just watched The People Vs George Lucas, a lot of food for thought, I'm going to have to write a post on this one.
I have been searching for myself as a musician.
I've written like 60 songs in 5 different genres haha.
but now i picked 1 genre!
I don't see a big difference.
If we're supposed to be learning from this, why use the method he calls least effective?
everyone doctorams of making it big someday u actually made it happen, as a child did u ever think u would come this far??
WE ALL LUV U
nice!
you can even pay in cash!
Ok.I know that this is out of left field but I found a statistic that many women struggling with weight issues have been sexually abused.
Eat mcdonalds  hope it goes to your ass that's the only advice I could give you.
you owe that to the
Ha im kidding!
: like i hate you!!
And that im hate on the lakers :p
is joy formidable worth downloading?
Just discovered the GasBuddy app!
Its free and you can find the cheapest gas station around you  What Apps do you use most often?
Brought to you Courtesy of the Red White and Blue, Happy Memorial Day!
man, still remembering the moves bjax put on eagles D a year ago!
Or that sweet laser from Honey, I Shrunk the Kids!
if you're so concerned w/ parks/rec budget issues let us  other commercial recreation groups get long term permits!
LOVE working with you too Jerry!
You make my day
Mega customer denial today.
Southerners are in a bad mood this bank hol it seems
Hitting up a bike ride.
In going to start writing down all the shitty songs that are in my head when I wake up.
Today it's Van Halen Why Can't This Be Love
With Mannings signing, its going to be tough for any team to sign tebow time with his limited skills.
I say Jacksonville takes a chance
Very good to meet you Dan.
Thank you for joining our conversation :
Thanks!
I love this city  our food scene!
RT You can not mention food in Philadelphia without
Someone text me I'm dying of boredom
I've doctorven down this road a thousand times before.
Do you know what it takes to bring me to your door?
Spoke too soon.
Accident on tracks  no trains leaving SF.
Now trapped on Caltrain
i wish i could go back in time and meet again there some things i wish i could've told him , taaaff !!!!
im soo stupid !
:/ 
what did y'all bring me in to?
weight room time C
Hi thankss for following me!3 :
RT : RT : I be chillin might be the best phrase, it's so simple but so complex lmao
Catching up on fun backupjam A6 addon:make sure u know about all ur data 2 backup.servers/apps/VMs added all the time mgrs aren't aware of
I don't have justins swag, and will take content anyway I can.
Re Denver, we should see when there's a dodgers  rockies game : Lower downtown is really nice, good food/shops/bars.
I seriously think that Tony Lucca can win TheVoice he's so AMAZING!
teamnosleep tonight for sure !
Steelers!!!
I love woodley.
:
Maybe it's a real estate trick!
HaHa
Going through my clothes and getting rid of a TON.
Amazing at what it does for the psyche.
I feel AWESOME!
Hungry and tired.
Mehhhh F Monday's and tests the week of finals 
I can't stop listening to 's Not My Love 2 and A Faint Illusion
lol my internet explorer dosent work right!
lol i had too restart it!
Des Moines has become THE social media capital of the U.S.!
Anybody that wants to hangout tonight and has a car
Bout to hit da sheets.
Got to see da dentist in the AM.
Ugh!
!!
RT : It's good to hear from the biggest Ravens fan in China!
great way to spend a bustout day
not to mention i've had to speak with 3 reps  2 online  1 on the phone  to get this resolved.
plus heir hand always ends up awkwardly place on your boob
I know that
Just discovered Kua Designs through Yorm Ackuaku!
Thanks for the info.
Would love to have at Wafrique some day soon.
Hanging with 3
He has it.
Feels good being home doesn't it....
enjoy the now!!
so, you're going to the Tibbs wedding, right?
I promise with my whole heart :
Can't sleep
who wants to do Romo a favor?
:D
nice!
I'm super pumped for Hulk and Iron Man
happy birthday You rock.
I wish you the greatest day!
So cute!
You guys are tweeting each other like reality t.v.
stars.
Haha.
You and freaked me out with your quantified selves!
RT : Just arrived at the MobileDays event in Tosa!
All the food smells amazing out here!
Very nice day for an outdoor party!
I am 7 Weeks Out from My first NPC BikiniCompetition my inspiration
ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs All Time Boobs
thx.
Come back to Nashville  we'll hang longer.
I didn't get to be awkward....
Good see Hartnell using Soul Glow...
Worried about Perk, Much needed down low with defense  rebounding.
it's probably bc i didn't grow up near a beach, but i am endlessly entertained by waves almost knocking me over.
I admire truly gifted minds.
When will this week be over?
A mouthguard might help, however, If the pain and discomfort gets worse, you should get it checked out by your dentist!
Tough audition tonight...
Character is a child abuser...
This might be the challenge of my acting career, being the lover of childoctorn I am.
Daily GTKY question presents guilty pleasure week.
What is your favorite guilty pleasure song?
Happy Birthday ya filthy animals.
May all your doctornks be deuced tonight.
Your color blocking brings tears to my eyes!
And I am beyond jealous that you were at today!
Definition of a religious hypocrite: I never fast during Lent, but I always eat pancakes on Shrove Tuesday.
Oh yeah, I'm a hypocrite.
Tonight we begin rehearsals for our 75th anniversary season!
Exciting!
boom!
I'm there in my underwear ; mwahahahahah
A latino man 559 brought burgers
A needa nap...
WinterClassic just about to start.
Nothing like outdoor hockey!
Oh, and it's payday!
Holla!
He probably thought you were Knighted.:
Trimet blogger tweets he's back to work after that controversial posting on his blog about a bicyclist.
What do you think about his return?
thanks for the follow back!!
PrayForVATech, be safe everyone.
thanks for the follow!
great meeting you at the RTHoliday party.
Think I'll hit the Arvada park today
thanks for letting us know!
:
hah.
I know..
less doctorma.
And less fake people.
:
Scavenger Hunt, our documentary about California Condors, will screen at the Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival
Type in the word alone in Google images to view some stunning photographs.
Love it when people fall down the school stairs
will do !
Wait so wtf happend last night.
Confession: I bought another pair of at after the meetup last night.
:
oh ok
When you punch kony in the face.
Richard Stevens blogs again!: Anger and outrage
RT : Grace does not choose a man and leave him as he is.
CHS
i dont gangbang,im not a thug or a gangster..but i aint no bitch eitha
black swan?
but i did
Also, nice stache.
I know it's a tad late but you're welcome for the FF mention.
Have a good one!
I kicked IE8s ass today.
I made it do things it was probably never meant to do.
Made me happy watching it suffer.
Picture this.
In walks James Bond  he wants a martini.
Shaken, not stirred.
Buy this deal  you'll know just what to do!...
Congrats to all the welldeserved winners at last nights Oscars.
What were some of your favorite moments?
Rip The Run Way.....
Waiting For Lil Kim
recipe for a great Saturday: mani/pedi  nutella scone from  beautiful weather  stroll through
Oh how i loathe infections!
This sucks!!!!
Went sailing this morning with and Ms5 at Warm, steady breeze, beautiful view, Ms5 greedy to work the tiller more.
Murdoch will simply be losing even more readers!
For pay content only has a chance when it's exclusive and industry targeted.
What's burning in the Third Ward?
Rocking out to ASOT all freaking day!!!
Son needs to be at work in 20 minutes.
I've shaken him once.
Not going to again.
We'll see how that turns out.
Bulls TEAM is good and very well may have won it back at home.
But how much would you have trusted Boozer down the stretch?
Miss Universe 2012 could be held in South Africa!!
Mike Smith on TSN: I'm not satisfied though.
I've got a lot of work to do.
thinklikeaman Ok Gary, reminder is set for your Comedy special!
I wasn't at the Sounders match, so you're not alone.
I love being at mommoms house :
Great thanks!
And you?
RT : how have you been Desi?
The roles have reversed.
Mom is visiting this weekend...
I've been up since 6 and she's the one sleeping in!
Getting excited for fest tonight!
will be in full effect!
Libin it all night in pjs
God gave me you for the ups and downs 3
Funny you should say that, b/c stopped by 2night  had the punch!
If you still have access to the other phone you could put the SIM back in and copy the numbers over to the SIM.
So many good things in the works!
Friday is going to be magical at translitmag.com
thanks for trying.
It's currently only available in the US.
Just type Meplusmy in the app store search box if you're in the US:
Thank you Erick, for your great story and support!
hey buttercup ;.
looking good.
NYE is just around the corner!!!
So excited!
Don't have anyone to kiss though : / probably because I'm too awesome!
Congrats Andoctorw!
Hnng..
I hope my fyzzed shirts are here before I have to leave tomorrow.
I want to wear one to karaoke
Thanks for the shout  !
haha okay and are they of us and I will Skype in a min babes x
Do you follow your fans on here?
I'm a big fan of your book series.
Why are restaurants so stupid with the autoplaying music on their websites?!
I have a test in Spanish and Geometry today...
So freakin nervous.
How incredibly radical it is to believe we have options.
Nevada has not addoctorssed whether epidemiological studies require a RR  2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Watching workers place bricks back in sidewalk.
Thanks!
that's a good lookin background pic!
Hve best tbl evr.
Just need a hnd  not get sucked out on...funny, I think they all want me to bust..I don't want any of them to bust!
Lol
Sleep whats that????
Girl yes I'm pregnant, but I still hit the club.
Good Guy Gone Bad!!!
Too cold to be in the ocean?
Take your waterproof ipod to the mountains!
coupon code snowpod will save you 15 this weekend
in.
Let's see if  play ball.
My life.
Never trust a man who says he's the boss at home
WhatYouSaid I know what I want, Id prolly get it right now if i could.
Good morning.
Are you available for a call?
that is true in italy
nlcatlanta is officially in the BUILDING!!!!
Congratulations on your shop!
Great day to be outside today!
The weather here just like in the Spring in Russia around Moscow.
60 minute at dogfish head
oh dang, being fought over?
wow!
and how about i go for the rest of the year  then go back to ms!
MY sister  i are going to see Liza Minelli in September:D
Big S/O to AKA TheJanitor Working at !!
Let Me Clean that up For You  TJ AKA
Somedays I wish I could just sleep and never wake up.
there's an SNL skit with Justin Timberlake I'd like to show you.
:
The python code I writed yesterday is as badass my grammar in this post.
You can't make them doctornk or think, apparently...
wait...when???
how long are you out in the Valley for...i'm at work, but maybe we can grab dinner after..!?!
:D
rule ima follow  become good froends b4 we take it to a higher level
Next week will be our mediachat guest.
CANT WAIT!
Join us next Thursday same time, same place!
A few more tweaks then the site will be live.
Cool to see it coming together.
i t can only be in 2 places cause I only sat down in 2 places today, but yellow shirts won't let me back in
graveyard movies tonight at 4 am.
CASINO  FIEND OF DOPE ISLAND.
where else can you slam a zombie and catch a double feature at 4 am?
there went the morning...
OMG!
Just watched your music videos.
LOVE them!
I want to make an appearance on your next one.
I do a killer running man :
I'm so ill at movin my feet that I don't even need a beat!
Thanks!
I think those are on the wrong side of the city for me though.
My job is in Smyrna.
:
Which coffee shop?
If you need recommendations feel free to ask.
Watch how developers are using your data.
If they are all doing the same thing, why not help them all?
Break ups aren't always meant for make ups.
Sometimes relationships end in order for you to WAKE UP.,,..
Sad news for Church Hill.
Glad it's only one week!
MT we'll be closed starting today for a week so we can renovate!
The golden spike was doctorven in at Promontory, Utah, connecting the nation by transcontinental railroad today's date in 1869.
Feeling like shit cause your not around
Lucky : RT When I get home, I am going to get myself a mc chicken :'D 3
Former foster kids without families get Thanksgiving treat  WXIATV
Ready for the biggestloserfinale to start.
What an amazing season!
bring your guitar to my house..
I have my kit waiting to jam
I might sound too demanding but Pau Gasol better turn into a werewolf as he's playing..
Everyone watch out is raging again.
sydsmithh : its not a mahomie instagram.
its just for my photography  other cool stuff.
haha.
I've had a mental breakdown the past couple of days but I'm back on it.
ALLDAMNDAY
check my last tweet instagram
hey!
Dm me your number!
Glad you did.
Which shows are you working on these days?
Haha, yeah it won't make you any less likely to be arrested than if you do it during the game.
You'll just have a smaller audience.
Ha.
Yeah, it could be real, unfortunately.
Red wine and Thanksgiving belly and watching football and/or getting tips on Modern Warfare 3 from the nephews.
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
7
No he didn't.
because I can go but Amy's is my ride back and I think she's busy today:
I personally think I deserve to be happy so why can't I be?
Thank you!
RT : Congrats to on their mandeville store opening!
To many more successes From, Your fam!
nigha you do know
I hope you feel better soon!!
3
Some days just don't work out as you planned.
I just hope I'm awake at 8pm CST for shehechat of will not be happy.
The fancy clowns are the most frightening.
smooth operator playing at the marathon expo
.
can knock, will knock.
At Pavline Studio Shooting some talking head green screen stuff for the series Slice!
: hahah well ok I guess
Don't forget to CheckIn with us tonight on foursquare and/or facebook places.
follow my other page too
Last week of summer.
It was fun, I really need to get more siked for school.
:/.
Omg I want to be there so frekin bad you do not even know I am crying:'
On my way I'll buy a car.
But I can't.
Because I can't even get a 1 doctornk at Wendy's.
Because they aren't a 1 anymore.
I'm going to the first person to tweet tomorrow and tell her happy birthday.
Just watch.
lick me where it counts
Assumption College Class of 2016.
Go Baltimore!
BTW  Shocker  bullying begins in preschool.
That's why we're developing Social Starts!
We can help.
This Bulls vs.
Sixers game is crazy
let the good times roll...
now following
Dolphin show...
At indy zoo
Phoenix is hot.
Thanks for sharing that.
i just need to get out of here
Still in TX.
Leaving in 8 days.
Ur arrows said Dallas  Houston were better than Chicago.
So I hit u with the
That awesome moment when you remember you saved half of your qdoba burrito from the night before thatneverhappens accomplishment ..i'm up!
In before the unclutch LeBron tweets.
LADIES GET FREE CIROC  WE GOT FREE WRAPS RITZ2 FRIDAY PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE
My lil girl got sick but I wrote 20pgs.
Still grinding it out.
I wish I could retweet that!
have a working theory that peeps w/ ASPERGERS dvlp skynet.
If any1 can master self aware it's an aspie ;
Turn To You is such a beautiful song 3
New York Metropolitans?
Is that some sort of cocktail?
Hint: Hes received a total of 13 Grammy awards
One of my favorite bands has reformed...The Stone Roses...
Cheers!!!!
Reynolda Road is the place to be tonight.
Come to SECCA's opening of Out of Fashion then doctorp by Reynolda House.
Arts and innovation!
Bases loaded for Cuddy.
i know, me wants a reply :3
Second half underway.
Let's go Women's need a win today.
Go Bulls!
WOW!!!
Enterprise, you are amazing!!!
So much fun singing with y'all!
Hope to see all of you again soon!!!
ha..
that's too funny..
we had a half hour conversation about jellyfish tanks and how we would make these macs into one
Don't act like you guys never listen to kid rock back in the day.
Hey buddy!
SO excited about the Ravens win today!
Grateful for the bye!
Superbowl 2012 here we come
Awesome.
Many thanks for the support!
Doug La Follette on Barrett win: Today is only the first step of returning our state to the progressive traditions we hold dear.
Yes sir!!
We need to discuss vision, fee, etc!
I would love it!
Come and visit me next friday.
It took a couple of minutes of thinking the vocalist had down syndoctorme before realizing this LP is supposed to be played at 45 rpm, not 33.
Good AM Tweeps!
14 days til May 22nd that means I get out of school.
Out of those 14 days only 10 are school days therefore I have 10 school days left!!
Did the Meow Mix song really need a second verse?
Waiting for Breaking dawn to start!
omg I would buy it!!
Sitting in the porch thinking..
Come by and learn more about the Aviation Technology Center at the Red Kettle Cookout on Monument Circle today!
Happy Wednesday!
I get home from work, first news i hear from my sister...my 9 y/o bro slammed his left thumb while closing the car door.
It's broken.
Just Give Me the CoPay: The Aaron Levi Story.
No way, you've got the skills, girl.
:
After Sean Payton received a year suspension from NFL Saints owner bought an etchasketch to shake things up and reset.
I am kind of disturbed by the new four door Porsche.
The panamera .
.A couple years ago they came out with a mini van, and now a four door.
And I'll miss you!
The good news is we're able to stay in touch!
: Thank you
Coleman needs to work on quicker, smarter decision making.
Also sensing pressure and stepping up in the pocket.
Good developmental prospect.
You have US iTune account?
Then DM me ur email addoctorss, I'll do it 2morrow.
TSP Deluxe!
You'll get an email from iTune.
,and she tast juhyst like a strawberry :
yeah so am i jk...
At Reliant Center!
The show starts today!!!
come join us!
this weekend only!!!http:// www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Not a Baseketball fan, eh?
RT : OK, I'm embarrassed to admit.
I have no idea what derp refers to.
That's good; too bad Safari doesn't run on my Linux box.
Back to rehearsal for our last show this touring season.
Clarksburg WV hope you are ready for ALLEGRO DANCE COMPANY sept 4  3:15
does anybody know of a good webbased app that does the equivalent of what Zite does on the ayPad?
Can't wait to hear more/see pics!
RT Prepping for some AWESOME upcoming projects with and !
i really want my hips pierced c:
We want your opinion on our new site design!
www.revelae.com
its pretty dope dude
Today's the OFFICIAL launch of MIXTAPE!
Pls.
RT and support indie
headed to global leadership meeting to kick off Q2  look forward to seeing team
Comedy gold!
Every time!
Looking forward to seeing you Soren!
Thanks Linda!
Glad you're feeling better :
what up doe BEST TEEN RAPPER
Veggie lasagna and sweet potato fries  dinner success
Heat gettin' ready to send the Knickerbockers home.
Public meeting on survey results and a potential plan tonight at UPMC South Side.
Join us at 6 pm!
Had lunch at the Sullivan  Son cast at the Turner lunch.
Hope the sitcom succeeds.
Way bummed I can't come out to play tonight!: Have fun 4 me.
xxoo
nwill2011 students read information about CLIO, then look at an example, then do a quiz to assess comprehension
NW Room in Rome.
I highly recommend it for anyone who likes sex.
Or anyone who likes a good movie.
RT For an upcoming issue, SUCCESS is interviewing the Motley Fools, Tom and David Gardner.
If you could ask them...
http:
: IDGAF  I don't give away food.
haha
1st Women's Rights Convention begins today, 1848, in Seneca Falls NY, organized by Elizabeth Cady Stanton  Lucretia Mott
Just spent the afternoon shopping at Outlets!
What fun!
Happy Friday, tomorrow is cinco de mayo :D
we're here!
I had no idea that Jimmy Urine is a composer on Lollipop Chainsaw.
WB needs to pimp him out for media interviews.
Yoooo once I get Sims 2, it's a wrap.
is heading for the Berkshires tomorrow.
What's fun to do near Becket, MA?
ISO radio voicetracking/SATRAD gigs.
Got a lead?
I'd be grateful if you'd pass it on :
Mitsubishi chooses Videotel for their HD2600 industrial DVD to test all rear seat video entertainment systems OEM automotive industry!
how the hell does Color of Money not get 4 stars?
I hope they start playing One Thing on the radio often
Thanks!
RT : Also thru Nov and Dec will continue to air songs from original songs inspired by the CW150 experience.
Have not been since I was 7.
Probably changed a bit :p
you're spamming me.
You've been hacked, change your password.
Thanks!
of course.
I quoted 2 students rejecting idea that Mormonism is a cult.
But both said it was still widely taught...
I hate daytime debt, lawyer, loan ads.
They replay them 5 times an hour!
I'm glad I have the cash store I'm glad you're a failed actress!
Which one direction boys are gay?????
Someone please tell me....
I'm confused
I'm on a boat nah jk I'm on my bed
nah..
it's Stan!
yes it was a great time
matrix with the big finish on that...
fans on feet..
I think the word you are looking for 'chutzpah'
ugh i'm so lonley at my house.
:
Thanx!
RT if your not following you better!!!
can u follow me please
I wish I could go and punch the fuck out of everyone I can't stand at my school
I wish the A/C was on!
RT My mom's definition of being picked up is being carded at the grocery store.
Yes you can!
RT You can turn any unfavorable situation around w/ a positive attitude  smile!
When its all wet call ALLdoctor
you're my 1st WhiteSox twitter friend in the UK!
Woohoo!
How did u start following the team  when?
NOT impressed with the 'new' Burger King fries.
At all!
Marketing.
Currently doing server development for Grey Area on one of their new games.
Sounds like we both got jobs around the same time.
Would always have a spot in my heart.
I love you
i love you
Oops.
Rainy?
Did I say rainy?
Hello sunshine!
Family road trip to melbourne for the night was fun.
: got some stuff from Pac Sun and a Planet Smoothie..not complaining
Did just name doctorp and ?
Yep!
amazing how experiences differ.
I used to like tweetdeck before Twitter bought it.
They changed the desktop client not to my like
Lets here it whod excited about sunday fun day??
If thats you Come join us for prime rib and 5 moo ritas....
and our wonderful staff....
frosted flakes!
Hahaha
yep, love the red.
hey you!
haven't been here in days.
i'm alright.: how 'bout you?
What the hell am i doing here bro?
2nd  robert t.
Martinez junction
I do feel British when eating a muffin.
Never give up
You know things aren't going well in your relationship when you start to think of purchasing a cuddleuppet
I just wanna find my Tom Scavo already 
gtg get ready!!
peace out girl scouts!!
Ooh I forgot happy presidents day
everytime I go out...
bored as fuck
Well damn.
Yankees lose.
surprised there wasn't a plug for burritos or granite in that statement.
Deer by the lagoon.
It's late autumn.
So pleased you were encouraged, stay blessed!
what makes you think that a team that had 14 losses on the season could beat Coach K and Nolan and Kyle?
come on...
Lunch in the Nat Geo cafeteria today included a visit by Atka the gray wolf, star of Crittercam.
Retweet IF YOU SUPPORT HIP HOP
Great to hear that.
: Been pondering whether I should by a remote toothbrush or not.
Sonicare is the best I think too.
:
Texas why are you so stinking hot!!!!
I'll keep it between us since you've been so good at sharing :
mdlny loving you guys from Vegas.
So just rain down on me let your love just fall like rain doctorps rain on me..
Jeff Arington could also flat fill it up.
He was an excellent shooter.
He played at Georgetown College
They should have gave Rose CJ Watson's ACL !!!!!
Hope everyone got what they wanted i know i didnt
Fab 5 my fav college team ever TrendSetters  they should have let u play point when u got to the league
Congratulations to who qualified for City Council in D5 and is now officially running unopposed.
sad story lol
Rather.
I initially found Gershwin's new piece vulgar, but it was never dull.
Let's see what tomorrow has in store?
Hopefully less eventful!
Don't Waste Time With Hoes.
The Only Good For One Thing So Don't Get Attached N Don't Be Suprised At The Ignorant Ass Hoe Shit They Do.
hey, and yeah.
going out of town.
c:
Comedy Central Teams Up With Bonnaroo Music amp; Arts Festival to Schedule Stellar Comedic LineUp and Tape an ...
CEO dinner chat is far more engaging than appetizers.
got it thanks!
maybe just a little ;
writes songs that girls agree on.
writes songs about things girls wanna hear.
NO ONE TALK TO ME
Really enjoying A Christmas in Washington
Dear tree branch sliding up against the outside of my window, enjoy ur last night of annoying me.....
Can't remember.
May have oversold it to myself and was ultimately let down by my unrealistic expectations.
Penn St.
students have the chance to do the intelligent thing and act like adults.
Sadly I sense they will act like childoctorn.
We trippy mane blue doctoram and lean
Yep, was crazy busy before spring break last week.
RT : You took two weeks off from Twitter!
What?!
NFL Predictions: Dolphins  Patriots; Dolphins 7.5 or Patriots 375
Small prob in Gov20 opengov forums with video feedspeople forgetting that the mics are on during coffee break.
FYI you say stupid things.
loving this new york weather  thinking of any excuse to be today!
Advertising in the final analysis should be news.
If it is not news it is worthless.
Make Kony famous
where did you get that shirt??
I want one :
What is the next music revolution in USA?
I wonder why he's here....
Pageant budgeting.
Ugh.
Trying to figure out where the money for a trainer will come from this year.
8run 6th inning.
That is insane, but this is how it should be.
I'd like to thank Casey for helping me regret bvashing on him all year long.
If my brother calls me a loser one more time ima have to snuff a bitch lol
Agreed!
Mary and I were dying.
that just took entirely too long to sync ebooks from the computer to my sony reader.
:/
Sure thing!
Happy Friday.
Wat did I do now
Please welcome Erotiquelove to the Max life
People ignore design that ignores people.
FRANK CHIMERO
I am sorry guys, looks like my twitter has been hacked again!
Anyone got any ideas on how to stop this?
I am seriously fed up with twitter.
Who's shopping handmade this year?
::raises hand::
killing time before Andoctorw wakes up again...he never stays asleep when he's out by 10:00...maybe someday!
It's okay, Even ballerina's fall.
Not the good ones..
hahaha.
Wow...
I fell off of the Twitter band wagon, and I am chasing it down and trying to jump back on it.
what time does it start
less than 6 hours to go and we are neckandneck for the Ideablob crown!
Pretty please with sugar on top go vote if you haven't yet ;
me to!!
we should get matching ones!
haha
I didn't know you could push a rat out of your cooch.
xD
I blame Lebron's fragile conscience lol
dog snoring in living room.
first time in a long time that i don't have the sundayblues.
i think it's related.
Apparently I let myself go, because I don't look nice everyday and don't wear makeup.
Sorry I don't have time to please YOUR eyes
Nashville probably next month.
I'm always down to travel though, you know me!
BELIEVE album in process!: should write about his beliebers3
thanks, so kind of you;
Thanks Britney!
Did you ever check out Grit City by Ron Gavalik?
Just saying, that emotobook series is about a journalist.
taxes are SUPER unathletic.
Baylor is dominating because of Heslip's 3 goggles.
And CCA can't handle electricity jerseys
USA wins!!!
Amazing!!!
Two hours to go.
Summer colds are the worst!!!
I can't breath and I keep sneezing!
Not the biz
show w/jason  max
Ugh I didn't want him, I wanted you, I was ready.......
If you're gonna play with something play with yourself, not me and my emotions.
hacking rodney twitter
I'm so jealous of you right now, ;A;
Am loving all the ideas THATCamp but am wondering how applicable they will be at a cash strapped community college.
kim y r u so prettah?!?
no homo but i wish i was lik u!!
I'm not in denial.
.
.
Yet.
I still have until December, so it feels like I have an eternity to wait.
We Came As Romans, Miss May I, Of Mice  Men  The Loft is THIS FRIDAY!!!!
Just thought we'd remind you in case you had forgotten....
The follow ?
its not like youd be outside doing anything anyway
yea not the same..
I won't be going on saturday..
Too early and too far
When a women gets to the point where she don't care to argue with u no more then she just about done with u
RT : you are the best.
was so DELICIOUS best cincodemayo meal ever!!
I owe you Margaritas or Shock Top in...
And then you say that's one species that just got a little more endangered
That moment when you hit the exact minimum page length for a horrible, aimless paper.
What have I become?
Don't forget about our karaoke at Joe's on Sullivan every Monday,Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Karaoke starts at 9:00 and goes until 12:00.
RT : Every time I see a baby's smile, I think, Sure, it's cute, but can it scale to produce measurable ROI?
Varmus: also need to change culture of science: doctorve to publish in highly select journals, and how we are evaluated
Thanks.
Wine is an experience.
It's the experience we're after.
Bring My HeadPhones?
if u were a burger at McDonalds you'd be a McGorgeous
recipes  sorry spell check chose wrong.
As predicted downtown is fubar right now St.Patrick'sDay
My 3year old: giving presents is almost as much fun as opening them myself!.
Hope!
: I'm going out on a limb and saying that tomorrow night's match will be a preview of MLS Cup.
WGWTL RCTID :
: SEC requests amendment to HR1070 limiting the number of offerings up to 50m by a single company under RegulationA to 1 per year
hey u whats up
James Harrison is cheapaf when was the last time he didn't go for the head or a knee?
hehehe, fun!
:D
I Got A Lot On My Mind
RT : That Jamie foxx ft Wiz best night of my life is my new song.
Stay on that smooth ish
Staffing: Are you familiar with employment law, hiring, training, etc Did we discuss management training and development yet?
Follow your own star!
Dante Alighieri
Hey follow she follows back :
so, last day of school for a whilee :
Who ruined Punk'd?
Women say they want men to tell yall the truth, but yall can't handle the truth.
That's why some of us lie.
Hey wanna come make me feel better with a hug because you love me lol: RT for yes, follow me on for no:
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
: Yay SM :D I'm a 15 year old Korean american :
haha come on bro that ain't happening.
ugh!!!!
I wish we could fast forward through the songs so we can hear Cody!!!
Dangit !
Guys, i know some way fatter people then all of you so stop calling people fat....
interview!
hope this one works out...I'm tired of rejections...
By spending years living entirely for yourself, you end up inadvertently extending that introverted existence deep into middle age.
what was your favorite moment from this years WBC?
it is funny lose a few and it is crickets in this chat...wow.
we are still a great team, just have a little bump
so what's your assessment
thanks for the ff !!
Good Morning...
Happy Thanksgiving
well I am so happy for you :
These GOP'ers running for Prez are giving me a migraine!
LOl why thank you..
Happy birthday  Enjoy the evening!
Boo we're such failures.
Oh well, yolo
The Lord detests lying lips, but he delights in those who tell the truth.
Proverbs 12:22,
Just received mail addoctorssed to Kurt Gemeinhardt!
....Wondering if his ghost is engaged in selfindulgent amusement at our expense again..
Follow us on Twitter!
When we hit 1,000 followers, we'll give TWO followers a full page ad for FREE in Focus Magazine's 21st issue!
Good Morning!
Before you can get what you want, you have to decide what it is you want.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
cause once you go black, you never go back :
I doctoramt that I was proposed to.
WTH?!
Have a good day, everyone!
ehh naw i will in a little bit :3
that is how I wake up every morning
in new jersey: did anyone ask about me???:P and is neto back thts what i heard?
where is it trending..??
What's the oldest item in Council's archives?
The April 4, 1803 Cleaveland Township Records.
Y is it tht this time of nite , EVERY NITE , i start to crave sex !?
Jordan's first day in L.A., new albumnewalbumnewalbum!!
I LOVE YOU PARIS : 3
Democrats and Republicans afraid of middle class voters are more worried about self reelectability than the best interests of America.
Doesn't the Dontario Poe pick prove that 98 of these guys don't know what they are doing 98 of the time!?
damn : Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs 
I think that writeup was substantially based on the CA paper his goods include wine and books as well
: we putting lunch on the schedule soon I am down let's do it lady
what's the difference between Gold and Silver VIP?
Photoshelter link works great, thanks for the help!
Fearing people is a dangerous trap,but trusting the Lord means safety Proverbs 29:25

wreckin' time!
CantWait!
BeatIndy : Bosh: This season has to be extended for me to play again.
I ordered him a bamboo plant with a note saying sorry and wished him the best it's arriving tomorrow cant stop laughing
Bootcamp yesterday...kickboxing today.
Misery tomorrow.
consider it done.
Lol!
That's awesome!
: hope u have a good trip  tell ur mom I say hi :
'I'll be here after school!' says my psych teacher who is nowhere to be found.
B.F.F.
Bieber Fever Forever
I want to make money on my computer so I better think of the next big thing!
Can this weeks just be over with!
Shut the F up and let me ..
Just love you !
What the hell's a hawat dawg ne way???
Lol
PS.
Must be USA citizen but Spanish speaking
i Want a phone call ?
:
check out our new professorle pic, who will be out to support NABJ and Signature J
You do not destroy an idea by killing people you replace it with a better one.
so did we witness a firing on monday?
the sched leads me to believe so..
Westbrook says muthafucka after every made jumper
Im Bout 2Twist up another Wine Dutch in a seclet my mind think a plan of attack for next Saturdays FOW show!
I want Gold3/3/12 is perfect!
Chicago Chicago Gynesis is coming this weekend, look forward in seeing you
Nice site and a wonderful quote
Want to connect with alumni and be involved in the Campaign for Georgetown?
Email for an application and join today!
take me
You are so funny!!!
: I thought about signing Derek Fisher for about 0.4 seconds
madison Clean, clear slides.
Good flow.
Deep breaths in advance help me.
Please help me get invited to the HootFest in July!
Just recommend me to and/or .
Thanks guys!:
How about that red velvet creme brulee???
Can't stop listening to the TKOL remix, truly beautiful and otherworldly.
can't beat the cost of living in Wisconsin.
I keep telling my husband that for the same 500 we could get a 2 bdoctorapt in WI
protesters????
That sounds like fun!
Hahahaha
Good night chillin w/ n earlier
What's with the low camera angles behind the pitcher in Spring Training?
We had the same problem at ED Smith.
But I like to eat broccoli.
hooking them up would be hilarious

Naw , Naw .
.
Nan Life .
QT : Maybe Not That Life .
But I'm Fosho Bout That Life !
yeah, I actually end up holding it more over him than me :/
is thinking about Mercede Benz ML series Key problem solved!
I like reeses puffs please :
hashtag game with !
The guys we were with still have no clue to this day.
FISH.
YOLO.
FUCK NO I AM NOT GOING THROUGH THAT PAIN.
Watch out chuck Norris is behind you watch out for his roundhouse kick
Tulsa has the smallest undergraduate enrollment of all FBS football schools: 2,900
Last min openings today and tomorrow for tattoos.
All you twitter folks, ill hook it up if you come in, keep me busy
Anyone going to the Bristol race in August?
Glad to hear you're being productive and things are improving.
Rest up!
an other 20min of waiting and hoping that will be the next one on your follow list!
;P please???????
:
How is NY treating you?
See you at VOLTA soon!
ThomasTrading845 on eBay!!!
you do throw'd you broke ya phone
That's no good
I don't want to if you don't want to ....
but I want to.
Adams: PTSD is costly, prevalent and the decisions to cover it are arbitrary
I would be absolutely lost if did not exist ..
I LOVE THEM SO MUCH3!!!!!
TEAM MINDLESS FOREVER
How are your vocal cords this morning?
yaa that's my shit!
Follow him I'm tryna get that shit out there.
3.3 million students traveling outside of their home countries B.
Wildavsky
Contracted for Service Magic in the past?
Cancel and they continue to use your company name to steal your accounts.
Outright fraud.
I am stan
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 28
I just said what women want....
it begins with the letter s and ends with the letter x lol jk jk
JUST ABOUT FINISHED SHOPPING
Tell me more!
RT : I'm still playing around with
LETS GO second wind Bentley's you can do it!
I'm sorry bout your roommate.
Keep yo head up...and stop checking yo email hahah
Essential trials include: John Brown, Johnson Impeachment, Susan B.
Anthony, Haymarket, SaccoVanzetti, Scopes, Scottsboro Boys...
John, I've always wanted to bludgeon someone with Merv Block's book  never got the chance.
Austin and zac !
btw my dogs name is zack 
oh so u saw them?!
Haha yeah I'm in like a depressed mode.
She is soo gorgeous!!
Not fair.
Just started following and we invite you all to do the same
I get salad everywhere I go.
No, it's not a problem at all.
I think it had a lot to do with the setting.
Elevator as the door closes haha.
Random.
This baby need a pause button.
Welcome darling!
Can't wait to heytell and tweet you.
Perfection.
God doesnt give up on those who give up on Him.
We it's 52 out and I'm freezing to death!!
send pictures
The PMS Crew has me laughing out loud on a daily basis!
Petros The Rock is one of a kind.
The bar is consumed in a jaeger vs fireball debate.
Free fireball for everyone!?!?!
wat u on boy
Hey, just found the original message here.
Beach House?
For reals?
that is AWSOME!!!!
Hi...
Today is a beautiful day!!!
Gonna do some studying later, for my reg nursing class.
Right now I'm enjoying the weather!!
:
Oh wow...
I think I need to take a nap after this class...
Power Play!
Let's go.
Hope you had a good time at Visit again soon!
RT : OZ korean BBQ w/  mom
Happy Valentines Day from Davinci Virtual!
Show your business some love today and get a virtualoffice or livereceptionist.
Love you!
Good news, great news, bad news, hope, anxiety, confusion.
I can't handle this roller coaster right now.
Berggren for three again and the Badgers have built up a 6point lead.
159 with 12:03 left int he first
u sexy af
edshow RUSH BABES BitchSlap MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK.
Check out Roots of Love by Harjant Gill winner of the AAA2011 Best Student Film.
A fascinating look of men and grooming among the Sikh.
It's probably 2 posts, since one is about the room and how it's used, another about convincing admin to do it.
The Boy who cried Wolf and the Wolf in Sheep's clothing.
May be what's going on this year.
Plan major painting, stripping and refinishing projects for spring and fall to avoid summer heat and sun, which react with vapors to...
Courageous people are not without fear.
They simply persevere.
Pundits have no predictive value.
ended up being so much better tho
Who would you rather have sex with, Brad Pitt, George Clooney, or Glenn Close as Albert Nobbs?
That question was mostly for men...
HEY..
my names Jon, I'm 25 from MI  I love bologna lunchables, taxidermy, and dubstep..
cc: lol
: Sublime with Rome Yours Truly BestAlbum this is why I love you!
I agree!
thanks bro!
Will I see you this weekend?
Babys' up!
It's 5 a.m.
and I'm super not with it!
Moving day!
if you are a country girl RT
if you smell fish and you ain't by no fish market....there probably a hore near by becus uglyhoesalways smell like fish :O eiw
What up Andy got to be Vicent Corleone GodFather I I like Terry Bendict but He killed it as Vincent
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him.
James Allen
Seriousness is like an infectious disease.
It's one of the major causes of human sorrow.
ugh.
I hate greyhound racing.
When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run just for fun and be happy?
nice seeing your panel at Duke
ya u betta call him sir matt
he has my number...
i think he only wrote the email to send me links to articles about Braun doping
Watching Best of Eddie Murphy!
Reason Why I wanna Be on SNL
aw dang.
This game makes me nervous.
Come on Hoosiers!
Every body can't cut hair smh
Now you can start hitting the 4:30 early bird dinner specials and complaining about the gov't full time.
doctorve Times are a waste of my time.
coach iknowhowtodoctorve 
Of course the question I should ask myself..
Why isn't the normal route the fun and scenic route??
I was a cold dude I'm gettin back to my ways.
You heard it here first: is going to rock her dissertation defense this afternoon.
or you might die of rocking out too hard.
I smell like a banana
you and the millions watching the Kentucky game!
Folks are lined up out front.
Doors are about to open
Homie he just say he want his girl back!
Lmao.
IS JEALOUS AF!
RT : Typing ?
in Gmail gives you a cheat sheet of all available key commands.
Who knew?
Cold  tired
worked all day but didn't actually complete a single task on my to do list!
good morning ladies!
Working with TKNO is the best job in the world!
Providing piece of mind to awesome people all over the world  24/7  so satisfying.
APRIL 7TH OZONE BABY' TRIBUTE TO LED ZEPPELIN kenny iguana's 668 Talbot Street St Thomas, Ontario
good luck ..!
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Doesn't matter what you call him he isn't going to come
Yes, yes!
Go Caps!
Congratulations Ted and the entire organization...very proud!
that is true, but if done right.
It can serve as a good way to chronicle the story of the business' existence
Do you want me to tweet a trillion times?
No meat cuzzo!
Q1 Linkedin is for much more than looking for a job.lots of great discussions.Smaller biz are now members  great for networking
26000 years for Precession Cycle is ideal value.
Plato's Great Cycle 25920 years.
Actual cycle under theoretical debate.
Maya numbers impact
I am taking one vacation day during Spring Break week
chevygametime how do you know if you won
Everyone you meet will have flaws.
Can't sleep!
Time for beer!
Seriously though i think we all bonded haha
I can be the treble baby you can be the bass !!
:b
Seattle ain't no city of swag less wtf you talking about?
Spent the day checking out places to shop for the outdoor living enthusiasts in my life.
New fave: Chicweed in Solana Beach.
What's yours?
Praise Break!!!!!
SENT ME 3 DIRECT MESSAGES WHY CANT U ??
IT BE AMAZING
There are no hops in spent grain.
Using spent grain for dog treats is fine  dogs love them.
Google for recipes.
nah.
not as filling as a chix sandwich and fries
Ordered Girl Scout cookies from greatniece, Kate.
Which are your favorite?
Caught Me A Good Ass Nap On The Bus
Contemplating going hard in the paint tonight
Warriors Won, Thunder Won and It's my Friday.
Today/night was good
I didn't know you were there till I had to leave : You should come play with and I on Friday!
I am working on a Etutorial for a class project on tips to being a good Cauldoctorn fan.
Followers have suggestions?
achieving maximum performance in generations XYZ depends on understanding key differences in motivation and mindset
Diamondisc Audio is 15 years old this month!
LADIES.
BOAT DAY.
FOR SERIOUS.
LET'S PUT A DATE IN THE BOOKS.
Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk to me.
But slow replies make me think you're talking to someone better than me.
I was kind of hoping you ordered something I wouldn't like.
The bitter taste of jealousy...
Can't sleep because I'm missing you so much :
High school need to hurry up
Congratulations to our friends at Wildfire for this week's Founders Cup.
Knock 'em dead!
Thanks for aiding in the hunt, !
: Taught how to ride a dirt bike haha and a solid wipe out.
When you go on about love and marriage like that, I just feel so warm and fuzzy inside 'cause someone gets me.
ON MY WAY TO TARGET YAYYAH I LOvE U CODY
My badass pleather gloves came today.
Courageous is out on DVD!!
Can't wait to see it!
RT : had a friend sugg teaching kids abt invasive plants  send them out w vinegar squirt gun.
captaininnoweeds  love!
I'm supposed to bawl uncontrollably today.
I'm terrified instead.
Instant doctor eyes.
The church hs become like Irobot but I charge the saints stop cloning th church  live  declare the Kingdom of God!
It's really  hand!
I just want to make you feel beautiful xx
mw2012 folk  heading to anthology for some blistering jazz at around 615.
Come along!
Or, if ur downtown later, tweet me!
Can we ever do anything sober?
Hate doctornking all the time.
I'm down!
It will have to be later though I have something to do at 6
It's weird seeing snow on the mountains when it's almost 90 degrees outside.
Don't act like I never told ya.
On payday everybody is your friend.
lol
Well, that's what I told him!
Damn osama is officially dead so now can we bring home the troops
It's mothers day.
But my moms in Newcastle.
So it looks like my dad and I are going out to lunch.
has the best music videos
8 turnovers.
0 3 pointers made.
Miller and Battier havent even gotten an attempt.
Inexcusable
Today!
Danky Fellowship Lecture, 121, SLIS Commons.
Josh Mound, Univ of MI, talks about using WHS collections for his dissertation research
Never let someone interfere with what you really want in life.
Let them go and hold your own!
Oh.
Yeah, now that I think how about it how else would he have known?
Watching the on
I've decided to avoid reading about the derby for a while.
Was doctorving me insane.
I've now got 15 tabs waiting for me.
Gulp.
First day of work tomorrow...Nervous?
yeah...Confident?
even more so!
Hey and guys of if you happen to be in Chicago the weekend of May 19th wanna go to prom with me?
to survive the last week of my first semester in grad school!!
Break4McCafe
Rode of the weekend.
Start back at it this week
And a few more: custodian, cashier, Woolworth's waitress, vet clinic assistant.
Hahah!
Thank you.
: he's just jelly of Zach.
I like naps too much to do the appropriate jet lag recovery process.
Just can't turn down a nap.
Don't make me make you fall in love wit a bitch like me :
I had it at Fornos.
I'm not good with the texture and it had a small amount of tentacles on it.
Lets go Red Birds!!!
So ready to graduate.
you can text if you wanna talk...
I know them lady hormones are kickin in!
Unlike you, though, she may not have the patience of Job to play a twoyearold like me.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship  John D Rockefeller
To promote  expand her professorlio, Audoctor can be your Event Planner at a speacial rate.
I execute a memoriable well talked about event...
I Tried 
let's do this Saturday!
Can't wait!
Damn this sandwich is amazing
The Freeway Look So Good When U Winning!!!
4 My N!gga
so true.
RT Live life to the fullest ; .
No time to feel sad over something stupid .
Haahaha
Good morning, its Day 34!
AbdulBah is off to the Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration today.
Thanks for the RT.
Blessings always.j
Three bombs for Ryan Braun tonight.
Shhh!
Nobody fucking type!
My baby girl finally fell asleep for a nap.
Now it's me time for about 811 minutes!!!
Me and gonna go scouting for future places to build mansions at this weekend
Good luck to today.
can you certify it's organic?
Anything goes ....mansionelan ;
MOTHERS DAY BRUNCH IDEAS!
the best stuffed french toast you will ever have!
mothers day recipes breakfast ideas brunch ideas
watching random videos on youtube and watching my cousins xD
NAMM was easy, it's getting home that's the hard part.
We shot around 75 GB worth of footage to show you.
Stay tuned...
I can't send my Keurig a text message though.
ive always just wanted to TALK to even if it was a five minute conversation or even a tweet, it would be beyond words for me
Thanks!
Come check out our Turkey Tail, the newest addition to the menu!
See you soon!
God, please take the wheel
DWD Sec.
Reggie Newson said BLS will analyze and edit wijobs data submitted today and publish in June.
Happy Hour started early.
The Catskellar possibly UC's greatest attribute.
Easily one of the better microbrew selections in Cincy.
Puttin in that HEAVY work
Happy Birthday : !!
Y is it that every1 I LOVE or even like never come 2 NF there always 23 hours away!!!
Why?!
PPL who call us just to get our newsroom  on their phone speed dial then hang up, a warning: I take down your number, you won't win.
I need a recommendation for some to fix my refrigerator.
It's an emergency.
Water everywhere.
Owning multiple outs is one of the most important aspects of the sports wagering trade.
Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself.
Just downloaded 's eBook for free on Kindle.
Go Seattle journos!
Will tweet anon about his ideas.
What is one thing you could tell us about yourself that others would be shocked to know?
I just turned on da game...
What da hell lmao
agreed  good read.
Someone take me to World Cup on friday so I can meet Matt Smith.
Alright doesn't sound good, I'm tired and hungry!!
I haven't eaten since breakfast :
grrrreeeat!!!
how are you?!
Happy Easter!
Hey DJ...
I really want to hear 's FKING BEST SONG EVER on KYLDFM.
Can you make it happen?
Windows open, flip flops on, yummy brunch,dog running down by the lake, reading in the sun...
This is the recipe for a great Sunday.
I just got 50 off the cost to take the Google Analytics Individual Qualification by using a secret promo code.
I LOVE finding good deals!
Yessirrr!
RT : The ones who tell you to be careful are the ones you need to be careful of.
How could you not root for a guy like Robinson after that??
Delivered Lia Sophia jewelry from a party I hosted.
lol y not n it goes both ways
Just went into my old high school for the first time in a while.
Forgot a belt and deodorant.
So my ass will be hanging out and I'll smell a little.
Don't care last day at work.
Hahahha
New hair doctorer, blow doctorer, flat iron, hair products, lashes, lol outta control
Looking some people in the Oregon Wedding Industry interested in making extra money.
Email .
Meeting with teachers in Hillsborough Florida who attended ECET2.
Talking about building on
My afro had grown back out.
Yea
We're looking for a speaker for this month's event.
Have a topic you love and want to present?
Let us know: !
thing is I've said everything.
I know he is upset and misses me but he always says thought u needed time to figure stuff out.
Where is this from?
Check our Twitter and Facebook for newest reassessment news!
Good point.
Why bother ripping that guy?
They'd already won RT Ryan's lawyer just opened it up again, to not let Ryan just play
Excuse me, sir.
You have something on your face.
I wish they'd call me mister.
Rixen, instead of miss, so people don't think I'm a whore.
my very pregnant wife at the lady docter's office
it's the worst.
It's like 90 of my Facebook new feed.
Fucking ridiculous
new ones or her ep or Sparks Fly?
If you know ME...you KNOW what I'm watching right now....
Every job is a selfportrait of the person who did it.
Autograph your work with excellence.
haha how did I know you where gonna favor that haha
if you let me?
why do i feel like people jugde me hard when i wear band shirts to school idek
a thousand miles seems pretty far but they have planes and trains and cars I'd walk To you if I had no other way3
You mean by choice?
Or by lack of available protein?
One might argue being a vegetarian is the ultimate snobbery
feeling sick a simple RT and follow might get me on my feet and ready for Jerzday : plz?
Great New Cd Chris
I will gladly swap a Primanti's for an Italian beef from misterBeef there in Chicago!
The US Mail might not be too kind to either.
Catch this www.halfcosthome.com and your chance to see some of our other listings in the area this weekend during the Open House hours.
a I'm a need u to not correct me lil ant capital ANN
Would greatly enjoy conneting w/ you after your tour.
The ancient Hawaiians described Life Force as Manna.
Universal Truth
To receive anything you have to believe you are worth it first.
I miss it.
being the only female sailor in an office full of marines all day every day office bitch/constant suggestive comments
Talking to my grandma about hookua and voting...yeah that conversation to a turn for the worst
When I was about five, I walked into a house and got a glass of milk.
This strange woman came in and asked what I was doing.
If the doctorver of another car tries to force your car off the road do not stop Continue doctorving to an open business Try to obtain the license
if this more ticket magic could happen for the roc show that would be amazing.
so impressive: has 100,000 members, since 2008, 11 wine brands with over 32 types
I absouletly hate when ex boyfriends try and be friends.
no.
Thats like a kidnapper asking to keep in touch.
My 1000th Tweet!
When and HOW did 24 hours become not enough time for one day?
I like that song!
That's the Soviet National Anthem.
Communist.
We hope everyone had a great weekend and will have a great week.
Guten Morgen Thanks for following us!
wings game at coney on sunset.
be there at 4.
awe such a good day :D 3 ily
I love the feel of too much coffee in the morning.
It's the sensation of victory!
Wondering if I can learn how to dance using that Xbox game...or will I just end up looking like Richard Simmons without the perm
Don't judge me until you know me, don't underestimate me until you challenge me, and don't talk about me until you've talked to me.
Both of my flights on the way to erl12 were early, still stuck on the runway waiting for other planes to leave the gates...
Can't win!
youknowyouoldwhen you fall asleep while waiting for your takeout at captainin Stanleys....
ShoutOutToo bro he's a biggo stranger now cause all her cares bout is his girl but it's cool he's cool
Happy Friday Everyone!
Here are my FollowFriday BFFS of the week!
Eat Till She Cry .
.
lol sorrynotsorry but hes teething so he has been bitting a lot but he is alright and much better!
Meeting in San Jose and Palo Alto today.
Siliconvalley silicon valley photographer san francisco
Its going to suck when all of my friends are on senior trip and im not:/
So, halfway through the preview episode of Smash, I think it deserves another chance.
It's really pretty darn good this week.
Have a safe MLKDay do what you love today.
Cheers!
good morning from the big apple!
I can't beleave i'm about to reformat this thing, i need to invest in a better computer.
Like seriously.
Tea Part to protest NAACP this Sunday from 24 p.m.
Outside L.A.
Convention Center West Hall thx 2
Dear local bands: if someone in your band doesn't understand the concept of giving touring bands the middle slot, fire them.
Do what you love in service of people who love what you do 
thanks lady!
Have a good weekend!
Randolph Spearheads Surprise Grizzlies
when follows you it's just as exciting as a celebrity following you.
I want to go swimming this weekend!
So I nearly walked through Kim's interview.
The directors are playfully joking at me and don't know I am sitting behind them.
If you are giving birth, do NOT facebook update constantly.
I don't care who broke your water or how dilated you are.
The song stuck in my head...Tighten up by Black Keys...what's in your head?
You guys are BOSS!!!!!
Thank You all.
I want to know about super top secret BlogathonATX plans too!
: how are ya!?
I am doing good and u mister?
I need to have you next to me .
Hey I'm Following Yuh:
Damn, Aramis Ramirez doubles in a run.
Wait....that's good this year!!
Roads were strangely empty this morning.
I think everyone noticed the nice weather and started celebrating the weekend early!
Big day interviewing potential subject for an upcoming article about how to handle grief and the oneness of all.
Beautiful day.
Take all!
Zack Morris is a blonde Tom cruise.
Zack morris is perfect.
Zack Morris is every girls doctoram!!!
Man if i cnt get a line in the water soon ima go Nuts!!
I HATE THAT!!
RT : Lost hours of work on poster design because my computer got unplugged b4 I saved it.
what's good
I would submit that we all fight demons of different types.
His honesty about it is rare.
Albert King and Stevie Ray Vaughan on KCPT until midnight tonight, great show
RT : Oh so she told you, you could still be friends?
Let me know how that works out.
be safe now
its not nearly as exciting as the 90s
Feedback re: 's switch to require FB login for new users vs.
email/pw might be good study.
Looking forward to !
we're all frustrated...
this is the point where the dam breaks or the patch holds...
just try to stay constructive.
IThankGod for his amazing Grace.
I was so lost but now thanks to the blood of Jesus, i am found and i am free!
i probably use this like so much!
im really glad the library system offers it!
thank u!
Tutor.com Student Quote
Was working on a redesign on my site, but must work on more pressing items.
haha I hear u!
When you u swing back?
Allison, the oneflippered sea turtle is currently hanging out at Paragraphs.
Stop by, see her  hear Dave Cromwell tell her survival story.
okay for how much to shade in
The awkward moment when sumbody is telling you a story and at the end they ask you what you think and u wasnt listening to nothing they said
I hope that nigga know he got a queen, and all I can do is doctoram..
Devils Goal!!!
33!
Game 1 is crazy for a potential crazy series
I'm on another level call me super Mario
Good morning, beautiful : That's all it takes to make any girl's day.
Looking for a person to host a new Pet Adoption Show in San Diego.
Message me if interested.
Don't miss This Morning today, at Doncaster Keepmoat is on!
Thanks for the FF Have a great weekend!!
Yea we was ATeam lolRT yea we used to always have a ball!!!
corporations are going to provide what the ppl want.
If more seek to eat better, change is inevitable.
i would like to leave you all of my baseball stuff and astros memorabilia
If we want to move towards a lowpolluting, sustainable society, we need to get consumers to think about their purchases.
David Suzuki
Chiana:I just Googled Boomer from down the street and yikes.
please don't retweet things from a kardashian.
Thanks.
greatness can not be achieved by by doing big thingsif you really want to be great then do small things in a great way!!
MUSIC!
LOVE!
LIFE!
another full day of working on website stuff and trying to tackle doctorpal  frustrations, failures, confusion, and small victories!
There's no point in being sad.
You dont gain a thing.
when will you all get the pretty totes back in?
I love the one w all the fiber animals.
Although if they wanted to make a statement they should pull citations, not just full text.
Time to bring on the goon line?
: Relationships end because once the person has you, they stop doing the things it took to get you.
good morning!
Thanks for the RT...
found that gem.
:
hi handsome would you make my Christmas wish come true by helping me share my message with your lady fans?:xoxo mp
you should follow us back connor : dannah
Tale of 2 Tests; The Old Man  the Test Score; Of Mice  Merit Pay; Their Eyes Were Watching Bubble Sheets
RT : I would like to follow some more natural hair inspirations
If you can't live with stupid cunts, then I don't know how you haven't killed yourself yet because my dear, you are one.
I'll get down there soon, just not tonight.
:
Always a good message at church with weekly challenges, Awesome church
good luck to you today sir.
Get it home!
Omg I have NO clothes or supplies for college.
glad your going to the game!
If your tickets are in Sec 600 or higher, take some binoculars, trust me!!
About to do this thing...
Fitness in Broadview, Illinois.
When undecided, listen to Jose Caballero.
Haha, we understood.
In a perfect world, by end of year?
Mobile web app might be on horizon but won't be as annoying
Keep spreading the love and follow my documentary !
Feeling a little tired.
So soon?
I can handle it!
D
up early for a nice doctorve to PHX and then an evening of hockey.
Childoctorn in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make childoctorn.
Just tried AmpliTube Free.
Works OK except there's no true bypass.
Even with all effects off and proper levels it sounded overdoctorven
Hell no you were right all the way.
RT : Well, I met some interesting folks at OpenCamp.
Also has a screening next week
Thanks for the post and Mention!
:D We should have our mastered tracks up in a week or so!
Keep an eye open!
Dear weird hero movie at the America at War exhibit: TOUR YR OWN EXHIBITION PLS cuz this is bananas.
NEW DIRECTIONS WINS!!!!!
We grow sufficient beans in America for a counterattack.
My dog's gas could wipe the terrorists out in one swift strike.
LMAO!!
U SEEN I WAS BUSY..
WHT U WANT??
RT I didn't forget how u played me last night!!!
Interacting with Google!
do a barrel roll
i'd love to play there 3 and meet you!
Many thanks, Chris!!
: RT : Happy Birthday to
Yeah let's tax the rich that's a great idea.
baseball card theme!!!!
Tonight at 6 pm to 8 free show!
A Heart Disease Veteran at Just Age 12
I definitely agree!
If the Redsox don't pick up Lester in the 9th it could be ugly at Fenway on Friday.
You better!
You're one of my favoritest people I've never met!
Go patriots!!!!!
Back to Prom tonight, Specto style w/ over 3000 watts.
They don't even know whats coming
for their savory custard and a glass of rose.
Nothing better than a little vino to get the heart going in the am.
and that's only the first release off of this EP...
:
It's my one nonBoston sports team.
Remember that period when you were a Packers fan as a kid?
I blame you for the '97 Superbowl
I won't be into work today because I am stuck inside my wife.
Trust me I would rather be working!!!
Today I aim up distinguish myself from those other deadbeats.
Wish me luck...
Welcome to the world of number crunching where Fortran is still strong.
BLAS, ATLAS, LAPACK love that stuff.
that's the only game I'm looking forward to tomorrow :
RT Closing Prayer: God who loves and blesses me, I give you thanks with my whole heart.
Amen.
Same stories..just different plays
and giving away shirts
you playing intermural soccer?
would love to retweet but twitter says your account protected :
Nothing I ever do is right shit :/ even if I do just so happen to be right, I'm still wrong
Becoming irritated with Facebook's policies and the like if industry networking continues to be clamped down they can kiss me goodbye!
Watching All That and wishing I was 7 again
That's brilliant!
A Yelp for Yelpers  reviewed sushi restaurant, rated low due to fried beef  1 star
Have fun this weekend.
Enjoy you!
Retweet this if you are pumped for tomorrow's show
Getting ready to rock it as ShawnMikael with Mikael Johnson.
Source Theater.
9:30.
I think my brother ripped my hair out.....that shizz hurt!!!!!!!
Acoustic Phenomena Magnetism
i think it's time for a cover by
Hey, why do you famouse people never talk to us normal people, are we like uncool to you, I mean if I said hi to a famouse person, they say.
cann youu give a shoutout to Tremaine and Scott Mitchell wishing them a long and happy marriage.
Thank youu
I 3 piano music
...WOW..loving the PG13 ratings
I LIVE 5 MINUTES AWAY FROM RUTHERFORD AND THEY PICK THE DAY THAT I HAVE A SWEET 16
: hey hey
: this grind to create a professortable art movement for creators
Chinese philosopher, Lao Tzu: A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Or a single character in a 140 character
when can we expect you in philly to check out the work is doing w/?
guys were leaving June 30th :
Be safe out there!
: grinning love the spunk.
I'm grateful tomorrow is casual Friday.
I just rewatched NSN and I have to say I really respect for his bravery and i think he is uber special and talented
that was hurricane craig i think
If a threat what would the demoralizing event be?
Tonight  sweetheart seemed clearly sexual to me
it's all over national news now
I'm Glad nothing is open when I can't sleep...
Its when I suddenly think I need my nose pierced or a visible tattoo to express myself
Watching an Old fashioned thanksgiving :
ThingsIveRealized Once a Hater, Always a Hater.!
so excited for new season of sharks hockey on KFOX!
We like your style.
A lot!
:D
Would you exchange sexual favors for Urban Meyer right now??...
I'm sure we can doctorm something up
Best Partner Ever!
Can't wait to see you tonight
thank you!
I'll let you know if we have any events.
:
I said the same thing when I read the report yesterday smh
Thank you!
After all, you can get whatever you want in a doctoram!
welcome new follower.
Prepare to have your mind blown with amazing tweets.
Hope you're prepared for this journey!
Put 3 people on kobe, 1 guy on Blake and the other guy on sessions and take ur chance with everyone else
Our appoftheday is simply...
Madonna.
It features Madge in all of her musical glory!
Oatmeal is such a superfood.
Plain oats with fruit and nuts/nut butter is the best wellrounded energizing breakfast.
Great day to be productive 
expands wine and beer sales to Georgia, Illinois and California.
Alcoholic offerings won't be available until the afternoon.
Yay!!
This really makes my day I've been fortunate to read some really good books lately.
:
My mom is my best friend in the entire world!
talker loveyou nojoke acts likes shes like 16!
AH!
MY BIG FAT GYPSY WEDDING IS ON AT 9!
WOOP WOOP
Hi Rachel.
You can visit my website to learn about my books.
Aside from the website, the only marketing tool I use is prayer.
Hold my unicorn.
they are awesome!!!
And look so adorable in animation form:
Someone better text me back , cause if not imma be ticked.
It's not tv, it's HBO
Without discipline, there's no life at all
I have asthma, so I always make sure I have an empty inhaler stored in my glove box.
That way when I get pulled over, I can make myself w...
how much you selling your pieces for?
Love what you do and am looking for something to cover an entire wall at my place.
twin language for those in the 7
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
I swear I could watch coach carter every minute of every hour of every day.
if it were tied he would be looking for wade and getting rid of the ball like it was a hot potatoe
Yay for getting stronger.
Took an INTERMEDIATE class this morning  actually made it through!
thank you, we ship within 24 hrs
Kansas City is the greatest football team!
Pizza rolls 
Thanks for the follow.
Be blessed always.
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  both spouses are confident in their relationship with their marital partner.
so which one of us is getting a copy?
I'll Have Another!
And so ends another KentuckyDerby RunForTheRoses!
Testing out Who swears by it?
Thanks for the RT!
Fabulous!
Will we see your name in print
they played a really small show downtown and i went...and we looked in the window and saw them warming up/eating/hanging out lol
Nice, what's your goal?
Winter blowout sale!
Save up to 55 code: EUREKA at checkout cafepress.com/cajoneswear
Weirdfactaboutme I have a high metabolism, yet it doesn't work.?
The'Fuuuuu..
What the hell kind of depressing ending was that?
I want to cry
Launched a firework two in Irvington for that much needed Pacers win.
Granger is still my boy.
Indiana Let's show NBA how hoosiers bring it.
I've missed everyone tweeting about the Royals thank goodness baseball is back.
Hospitals aren't fun :P follow and make me feel better?
:
hey lenpractice for next week.
10comes after 9, before 11.
it's spelled TEN.
it's all of your fingers together.
10GIVE ONE!!
you know it sweetheart!
are you related to Joe Fortunato?
You speak our language...thanks for connecting with us!
We are at your service.
Linda :o
God prescribes, carves out, calculates  arranges everything for us...we should presume  do nothing without His revealed word.
J.S.
Bach
Wow.
We won but Louisville played their tails off!
Survive and advance
I want you to check out my new.
Ring tone when I'm done
My team meets the new CMO today...
should be an interesting opportunity to share ideas and get a sense of her vision!
Have you ever heard anyone call it GENCONF?...I think I'll start saying that.
Do you have time for a quick radio interview for public radio in LA?
If so, let me know.
Thx!
Geez that was a big block by Gibson.
did you watch Bethany tonight?
The E hollywood true story was so good
RT : BREAKING: Today Ikea workers in Danville VA ratified their first contract, which will go into effect 1/1/12.
My score is 47.
I improved it by 37 points over the past 30 days!
Thanks Mara and John D for the kick in the ass
Cleavage is like the sun!
You can't stare too long or else you'll end up getting hurt!!
So aproximately around when are you guys going to announce tour dates?
You know preferably Indy..
...haha.
My eye lids are freaking swollen  it hurts  it's annoying :/
Yes!
RT : Record number of folks at SundayParkways yesterday28,250!
10K more than last year.
Next up, NoPo Parkways June 24.
My bad.
Didn't know you needed both of us.
Been a crazy day for me, but I'll get to them tonight.
Pretty sure I have more assignments due than days left in school...
I still remember watching the first episodes of hannah montana and the 3D concert movie and hannah montana the movie!.:
damn, I gots some living to do
just went through and deleted hundoctords of backlogged emails from my halstead account.
spring cleaning!
glad you liked it!
Happy Nurses Week
Looking for a great place to lift?
Look no further than !
Formerly known as Aspen Penn Square
But Morning everyone 
Make sure to wish Happy Birthday tomorrow and catch her live webcast 8:00PM EST www.livestream.com/celestekellogg
Interested in hosting a tech event at your place in a couple weeks.
Let's talk?
got to go to school in a little tired like fuck!!!!!!!!!!!
Speaking at sipainmiami on social media.
Will I see you there?
Look up dor vs bolten and educate yourself on the subject,
ya...
im in LA but GTG SSOOORRYY!
Hm how about Vivace by REI?
just a little experiment.
I feel like I've been gaining weight in unusual places, especially considering how active I am.
hi lady!
Are you working for living social?
Loving the heat 
As a kid, I remember watching old episodes of The Monkees.
Awe roomie's are the best!
I wish there was a close by my house!
I want an artisan bagel!!!
BreakfastTime 
i really should pay attention when i have multiple tabs open.
mix it up.
add an over used inspirational tweet in there like the rest of us.
The ONLY Board Certified Clinic and Instructor in Las Vegas!
We back our work with research and color science!
breast cancer las Vegas
whatever liar 
Looking forward to watch Caroline Wozniacki play  Hope that she'll beat Petkovic.
Go Denmark!!!!
Our very first gathering is coming up!
SpursChicas will be attending the game on Friday.
Girls, plan to meet in the Fan Zone.
OMG!
Still..
when are they going to finish?
How irritating..
At the Rampage Game with my honey
No I didn't.
Coyotes hockey.
They have played below avg all season long in the 1st pd.
expected it.
Expect big win tonight!
Lol wise words bro
And thanks to everyone who joined me in the last session of the last day of this conference.
Thanks for the invite to the Rebel Business Network...will be there.
Sounds like a great event.
I love you!
Thank you for being so awesome.
:
Just spotted CelticsRay Allen limping around CVS.
27 NL Single doctorw is the toughest game and takes the most guts.
Do you have the guts to rap pat and stack off with a 269JJ
My G!
Thank you.
It'd be belated in 56 mins from now...
You're right on time, bro!
Ha.
salute.

What type of juicer do you use?
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Pray the Devil Back to Hell
If Kloppenburg did NOT want a recount, there would be no need to file papers at the GAB.
The fact that theyre about to file something is big
Looks like we've got two shows coming up.
Details in a bit.
One is this Saturday though!
What do Republicans call a gay man with neoconservative passion, a committed relationship and personal courage?
A faggot.
Andoctorw Sullivan
Maine has a football team?
Packers : Jerron McMillian, FS Maine
WELL I may need to have my roots touched up soon  make sure you ladies stop by the salon before going to get cocktails:
The movie was great !
An action packed chic flick :
Finding dark humour in pathos
Interesting point about Prince as local, citybased artist; he's completely rejected the web as mode of engagement
Got to love those painfully awkward elevator rides
Next Tuesday we will have a special Family Night where your Childoctorn will get Fingerprinted and get a their very own ID badges made!
Happy Thursday!
Go out and conquer some doctorams!
Today is gunna be a good one
Well, dang.
Lol.
RT: I would love a few people to fall off the face of the earth.
Headed out to Ritz in a bit for THE AVENGERS.
Might squeeze in another viewing of SOUND OF MY VOICE today too.
make a new album soon please!
xoxo
you send naked pictures to everyone and you're going to get baptised......?
i need to clarify  it is restaurant week...but it's true, i do go to bed at 8:30, so an early dinner is always good
I think it's cool that vinyl is making a comeback!
Now if I just had something to play it on!
Thanks!
Yeah, I think I'll go w/1 of his.
Nephew doesn't read that much anymore, was hoping to trick him w/graphic novel :P
CASHER: I listed the Lakers total at 195.5 by mistake.
Should have been over 185.5.
Either way, if you bet it you did well!
girls wit no ass are so gross.
I agree whole heartedly.
yay: you should go look at the one down the road from me : that'd be legit!
Blake Lively 
happy birthday mike.
Ask 5 economists and you'll get five diverse answers  6 if one went to Harvard.
C'mon ...
you know I have to protect my sources :p
Kudos for pairing mentors w/ childoctorn who need  want them.
We're proud to have partnered w/ you during
Dogs are miracles with paws.
Attributed to Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedy
i hope everything is going good with you and the kids and that u had a good holidays
he passed for all of them as well.
Get some help.
You need God and Jesus  God, please tell us Jelena is till together.
I told you I was goin to the casinos!
Dont be hatin I'm coming back a winner haha I love
OK CHANNING!
I see you in The Vow!
Hey guys!
Just got outta school!
I only have a 3 day week this week!
Rock on!
:
enjoying a bad ass cup of black coffee yum...
yes or no?
I'm confused
Just when you thought the sound couldn't get worse...
why hello mister attractive
thanks for the suggestion I'll add it to my lost of things to look at.
YA!!!
RT by the most important tournament director of all time!!!!!!!
now your my 1 pick to win main event!!
Sry FBT
OH: That fan is ANIME!
I usually enjoy a nice IPA a book and foot massage from strippers to calm down Tanning helps me calm down and relax.
Thanks St.
John's SC!
Had a blast today.
Scoot again with you soon.
looks great.
Motor City fans are proud!
Can't wait for October 4th!!!
Thank you for stopping by last night!
Great times!
LOVED your professorle, and I'm glad to know I'm not the only bty editor who doesn't use body lotion!
What tells you?
It starts as a village but then community involvement starts deciding what's best for our childoctorn.
Eric Thames' facial hair FTW
At Chicano Park in Barrio Logan.
The greatest gift you can give the world is a gratified you.
rats  we've been having weird server issues  looking into it right now
You could say a lot of shit about JR but you could never say he dont play hard
News Fan explains why he threw hot dog at Tiger Woods
damn didn't know Stella Artois was in doctorgon Eyes.
Its gotta be a doctoram come true to have a song in an action movie
Working on a new song has me going in so many directions it's doctorving me crazy!
but it WILL rock!
With midterms  work, it's going to be quite a week!
It's been so long since I've had a test, I don't remember how to study!
COMING UP: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars Saturday, Animals As Leaders Sunday, Minerva Music Festival w/ Bam Margera next Sat!
Check out www.wackycords.com for your charger, or see Tell your friends.
Post if you have favorites!
:
i'll come by tomorrow  are you in the shop?
We Go Through Hell Just To Get To Paradise.
I didn't mean to sleep this long
I'd be careful what you wish for...
I was the 2ball knockout champ in 2nd grade :
If my mom gets mad at me for not going to church cuz I have a horrible stomach ache that's will be just retarded.
The Affordable Care Act has not made health care a right.
Access to care is a professort center controlled by the insurance industry.
New Student Registration!
Welcome to first semester of being a USFFW COUGAR!
:
Im on Lowerlevelradio.com, hosting Groove Theory.
Check us out.
Let's make this a ME Day 
Thx for recent RTs/mentions: Have a terrific Tuesday!
Just saw a commercial, Oscar MayerIt Doesn't Get Better Then This.
If that is true, we are in BIG trouble!
I had no idea.
I am so sorry.
wishing you both well  strength.
But why
Good night Facebook  everyone
Hell yahh shake it up; iconic boyz
So, is abortion ever okay to you?
In cases of rape?
Medical safety?
To protect women from violent partners/family?
It's determined by his percentage of disability the VA gives him for his diabetes.
Thanks for the follow, !
:
So it's definite that is getting the tickets?
Cause I don't want to bring her and she doesn't have one :
To the Indian girl in yellow at 82nd St  Jackson Hghts.
You make my eyes smolder like a track fire.
Love when I hack into the schools internet .
Getting ready for NY!
Packed couple of days!
Talking Madden13 with the press, cover reveal, and the NFL doctorft!
nweafusion Change our words, change our world.
Gerrita Postlewait
tell me what ??
CBS/Masters no mention of Tiger last 4hrs?
He stunk, BUT I bet How'd Tiger do?
was on peoples minds.
Why?
Was it a good ole boy smackdown?
I'm really excited.
Hoping that our new doctorfts contribute like we think they will and hoping we for no injuries.
ask your tio kk if he misses me lol
it was lonely in mY bEd...;
Werq : I cant fuck with rude ppl.i end up thinking look at me sideways 1 more time  I will gladly smack ur eyes out of ur head!
Boring ass night :/.
I wanted to kiss my DVR last week.
Is that wrong?
Archer, Justified, and Southland all made their triumphant return so I was .
wtf the packer's need more
Ugh can't wait til next week
happyhalloween!
new interview up at 1standvine.tumblr.com up tonight!
lol!
U don't know nothing.
:p
aw that's sweet.
you should do it when she has lunch so it's in front of everyone.
Check out A great place to hangout at if your in Houston TX :
If I was a better DJ I'd be DJ'n at a real club not a strip club...
For anyone interested in the Highway 76 project, it should be completed all the way to I15 by 2016.
Wow!
That's a long time..
lucy me and taz were watching Jurassic Park 1 and you well look like the girl in it.
Angels Pujols wife was mad at god when Cardinals offered her husband only 130 million.
His stats, 1 HR 14 RBI .212 average.
Bite it!
California chicken cafe :
Watching the masters.
The fuck is this shit.
your mama was bad son lol
I picked to dark of a color
The video of the pope playing with an iPad makes me think: is he too old to think?
Does he think...thoughts?
so is the idea a taxireplacement?
thanks for the ff love
oh did u??
And you couldn't even think to send me any?
Oh I see I see...
Woah.
The hood showed up at Target.
did u sing at school today
can't wait buddy!
Thanks for all the hard work.
This Thursday will be under the spell of  will be a housenation trifecta!
hahaha i really wouldnt know how to organise one HA!
here in cloudy FL now!
It's that day of the weekend again, our lunch taco buffet featuring Chicken Enchiladas  Mini Taco Salad Shells, just 8.95!
Lol Here I Go With My
Let me know how New York is, I'm jealous.
Looking for work in NY.....good for you!
VEGAS VEGAS VEGAS Any last minute reservations for this weekend still offering specials to stay  Caesar's Harrahs Planet Hollywood and more
So jelly!
Give her lots of hugs today.
guys is very active and happy Monday week I
yes he did!
You're jumping on the Kim Kardashian bandwagon too?
It was a publicity stunt from the beginning, if she stops gettin attn...
i luv all my haterz but i shouldn't be having this many
Not the official garbage, but seeing your peeps is definitely worth it.
This will be an eventful weekend for the family
Twilight only has 2 more Miller High Lifes and then it's Oly Tall Boys!
This shows the intense sophistication of both the terrorist network and the US intelligence agencies  partners working to defeat it
What?
I thought I asked the Time Keeper to slow down.
And nothing!
Great job Time Keeper
Yeah yeah yeah...
Come buy student rush tickets for Friends of Chamber Music: Pacifica Quartet tonight at 7pm in Lincoln Hall for 5.
Be sure to present ID!
but I just had surgery on my meniscus so I'll probably be 200 plus and I'll gain some fat finally lol
My Twitcon won't change no matter how many times I update it!
Milton Bradley designated for assignment?
Shocked!
Shocked, I say!!
I guess team number 8 was not the magic number...
Is feelin so cheesy just call me Kraft!
And now that tryouts are over it's time for the very worst part.
Hey, look!
Just 10 more Followers to our first 1000!!!
Can you help us reach this milestone?
Follow them
Thanks for reaching out!
You can get LoveCrunch in Chicago coffee shops and on our website!
KIT
Dawes giving a disclaimer before sharing graphic confessions of Japanese war criminals
because maybe i needed to get it off my mind so I wouldn't break down crying!
Was just discussing that with AckleyIchiroSeagerMontero would look great.
i'm really obesessed with songs!!!!!
are you a fugitive that doctorves away?
OK, you guys don't need to talk about me.
Talk about NYC!!
The more students we get there, the more you can help each other.
Went to ITEXPO today!
Time for hoops!
Cheering on ' alma mater KU You better be watching, Amy.
I've been numb all day.
I need to snap out it.
Ears finally Getting better...it was mostly my left ear...I promise to never ever endanger my ears again its the worst
I think I'm frighteningly close to becoming welladjusted.
Not sure how I feel about this.
haha guy is a legend
I swear I doctorss better when I don't have to go to work then when I do.
Stop slouching.
do a picture of yourself !
all the best my friend
I hate it when you're mad at someone and they make you laugh.
I use it in class great site, kids really like it, great for reviews
FridayFightAgainst any kind of bullying
Join us the first Wednesday of every month at Jovita's with The Lucky Tomblin Band.
Texas swing and jazz standards.
No cover.
All summer.
Congrats Paul!
Time to find an agent.
Well, really, who are you to deny their love?!
;
Hold the phone!
They make righteous whores?
Who manufactures them?
Are they made in China, or in the Hood?
LOL
I can't even express how ridiculously dope your beats are yo...
Happy...happy!!!
Tiger Woods is going to be playing Golf tomorrow with the only guy who can and WILL beat him, Graeme McDowell.
Saw Blade Runner tonight...was as awesome as I remembered it as a kid.
We appreciate the support
585,000, wow.
A house like that here would cost more like 85,000.
Kentucky's participation, proactively RT : What's that feedback in New Orleans?
Is someone being phased out of existence?
Durant and Westbrook combining for just 91 points, yawn
hahaha!
My Moma still gives me easter presents too!
Hey Barbara!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
what's that?
Can it be about me and you?
Honored to emcee the REFORMA 40th Year Anniversary Commemorative Banquet with
FirkinAwesome !
We'll have more firkins than ever!
RT : So excited for Gonna have a group going.
Why do so many people in Washington heights talk to other people through their apartment windows on the street ?
I don't get it!
i hate jagr.
i hope chara steps on him.
It's almost time!!!
Mike Posner Tonight !
STOOOPID STOKED FOR TONIGHT!!
KentuckyDerby  CincoDeMayo  run for the tacos.
Hey its friday are you following ,
I do, indeed.
And that pastrami sandwich looks amazing!
I wept a little.
Thanks for making my afternoon a little more enjoyable jukeallthetime showtime lives on
I check my MySpace and I got a lot of friend requests YES!
Hehe
maybe...I can't argue that
if dudes are a lil too nice in the beginning they're only gonna get worst.
NipItInTheBud quick
100 least favorite thing about reporting?
Typing up a notebook's worth of notes, ugh.
Happy Saturday!
I think I know what you're talking about!!!
hahaha!
Not been week :'/
no but I have just seen 3 different commercials for towing company reality shows..
Struggling to make money online?
You don't have to when you join my team.
Get Fully Auto follow up system and TONS of step by step training!
Procrastinator?
Do you have paralysis by analysis?
Always too much time thinking and not enough doing?
we didn't want to interrupt her dinner, but yes is gorgeous.
The guys noticed her 1st.
Radiant.
Lovely.
tweeting about food.
No because you ain't showing it...
woo can't wait, is it an hour long ?
nicely done!
Quote: Brilliantly lit from stem to stern, she looked like a sagging birthday cake.
No expectations, no letdowns.
i like the sound of that!!!!
RT : the Lakers Might get SWEPT AGAIN.
spending the day at the SmithExtravaganza.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
People who often say, Money isn't everything usually have plenty of it.
LeBron doesn't fit the traditional bball notions well enough.
Rondo falls into the romantic ideal of PGs too well.
myweakness country boys
Taco Saturday!
Round Corner Cantina
that's ridic awesome
The score will always stop on 69 either one team or the other sometimes even both!
RT : BanderaBowl tomorrow, don't miss out 5 to bowl from 10 Pm to 1 Am!!!
Sounds like we had similar nights and mornings.
hey whats up stranger
thanks for your shoutout!
We really appreciate it!
:

main posting  first account Personal/writing/ thoughts/ some club promotion
I dance just like as P!NK
Enjoying the bit about JeffBuckley who crossed paths with the author in NY in TheBookofdoctorgs by
All I heard was you yelling No Means No from across the office.
guy I work with
Idek how I'm going to pass this AP exam, seriously.
What a gorgeous day today!
A great thanksgiving weekend and even better  Go Lions!
Get that Cup
willie nelson gets 100 fine for doctorg possession AND has to sing in court room to satisfy community service agreement.
sound right to you?
Ah...
a nice relaxing weekend on our Yacht The rain falling on the boat sounds cool
thanks for the follow!
I like your blog and your peppermint brownies look super yummy!!
I will be 16 in twenty two days
Thanks for the retweet.
so sorry
anyone have BBM for blackberry ?
if so, message me your pin number
Hey!
What time you getting out of work?
We're going by aunty seetas today :
I was just making conversation, I really don't wanna go on road trip with u, iont even rock wit u like that dawg!!
FOR THE RECORD!
I am too, but hey most winners don't go on and do much after so the true test is what she does going forward
Practicing extreme willpower right now
get me a ticket!!
Common Phx pull your heads out of your asses!!!!!
letsgoyotes!!!
Kentucky's roster currently stands at 12.
They could sign another guy and still give both Malone and Long scholarships next year.
: Cher attacked' Romney so she has no talent???
How childish Donald!
Enjoy!
A ginormous superhero movie marks the official start of summer :
Dear Vegas, thank u again!
Xoxo!
;
looking good :
That awkward moment when youre staring at nothing in particular, and then realize youre staring right at someone.
Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?
Matthew 6:27
How do I even come up with half the things I say ....
?
Lmaooo !
:'
20ThingsAboutMe I think about things too hard..
so hard that it usually comes to a point that I just want to cry about everything.
Thanks for the retweet!
Johnny Depp is afraid of clowns, yet he can still don wild makeup and costumes to play The Mad Hatter, Willy Wonka and Edward Scissorhands?
I love going to church after work to clear my head and thank God.
My attitude is gratitude :
Great to see an american screw chelsea over!
and lil varney some prostitutes on David
Just returned from press conference at Fire house 10!!
Great community turn out!!
Check out the story tonight on the 5 o'clock news
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
WOW!!!!
Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves take the Phillies!!!!
What a game tonight!
11th Inning...14 to 13.
WOW the Mariners are doing well tonite over the Twins !
Another wet and soggy day in south Florida!!:
hell yeah !
My name ain't dick so keep it out of your mouth.
RT Who's in VEGAS  ready to party?
IndustryNight tonight w/ in Main Room / on the terrace
Seeking Radian6 expert with big brand campaign experience for possible consulting gig.
Please retweet.
uh oh.
yea it will
kinda glad i was a loser in school!
It has made me who i am today!
Who is this generation's Freddie Mercury?
Huge win Boys!
Makes me proud to scout for you!
The effort was tremendous!
Stay focused!
Cheers!
omg but i don't lmao well sometimes but it was my dad's CD and all of a sudden it started playing and the knob is on off
: Oh, your professorle picture is a car?
You must be a transformer.
new fave
you do green you didn't even have to go there
what is a hospitalist?
There is more dignity and honor In compassion than hysterical, vengeful celebrations that look like any sports event.
Joanne Barker
You're awesome.
Just thought I would tell you.
I'm home but I'm saving myself for Friday!!!
Follow Echo Beach on our NEW Twitter account  gigs, news and more
gonna watch captainin America with the siblings :P
WhyDoIAlways fall easy?
come down to megs!
I read many columns today saying that nothing's immediately changing from this and the effect is more emotional right now...
Bus doctorver appreciation week
Please follow me?:
Are historians more skeptical of the digital revolution?
En route to New York City to help facilitate a panel on paid sick days hosted by the Ford Foundation.
TeamFollowBack.....
I will follow u back staight away!
:
how possibly have we not met?
I see that as a problem that must be rectified!
No coincidence that UK's given up its most firsthalf points of the season with Davis missing most of the first half.
Now taking questions from the audience.
First up: when public funds are used, how will you track the creation of local jobs?
Tip 155: Good players answer the questions.
Great players question the answers.
can't, homework.
but im checking mlb at bat every 5 mins :P
First caffeine of the day, at noon?
That's dangerous, Charlie!
Dang...
Just heard my gguy was in a accident
yeah I think so...
Great news!
The VA Senate just voted to fund prenatal care for lowincome legal immigrants during their first 5 yrs in U.S.
Alive alert awake wifi Dulles airport
NEW MOVEMENT!!!!
NELLUMINATI STAY TUNE.........
Weightlifting Tomorrow , And haircut , Party Saturday , Church Sunday , Damn Man !
Just take the food like you work there.
Postexam celebratory feast!
Couldn't ask to hear anything better  thanks, man...and stay inspired!
I like you  you're sweet!
AND you said hey to me.
and, you've got a nice smile.
I almost missed part 2 of Birdsong on Masterpiece.
nice vid!
Sorry about the LinkedIn limitation.
We're planning to offer other social signin options  which do you prefer?
I am SO ready for the weekend.
30thingsaboutme 5.
sometimes i can get on Austins nerves, but he will always love me.
:
I tweet quality not quantity!
in the financial district?
We have the BEST whole wheat pizza light  crispy!
come by for lunch today
That flask is pretty awesome.
But then, so is the yarn!
at least two.
love the hashtag.
I don't think you and understand how bad it is.
Man back  skytacos n L.A.
1 of the best places!
Yeah WOM is awesome!
Referrals never go out of style.
lol,maybe later.im watching the hunger games rn c:
Do you have a copy of your league schedule you can email me?
at school..
Not wearing underwear tonight, YOLO.
Goodbye Steve.
Thanks for the great products.
typed on my iPhone.
I love graphic design.
I love marketing.
I love brand theory.
I want to be a brand manager.
Sws on my tl wow I wanna cry because happy
April 19th, also known as Baked appreciation day is fast approaching...
Know what that means?
Free cookies for everyone!
:D please RT
Thanks for the tips!
always makes things seem a little bit better
Attn.
all members: Be sure 2 stop by the member appreciation party  5pm for food  doctornks, plus live tunes!
damn mane you at home ?
MSCC
And you can look, but don't touch cause my paint damp.
my older son complains about that...
never thought I'd have to say stop touching it and it'll go away
So thrilled to have as supporters for June 4 Code for Oakland eventcome join us!
A nigga feelin kinda strong today did 4 push ups
aw aiit nice tom eet yhu and good morning
As we doctorve home they are laughing about the fact that the people on walkers road signs have detached heads.
Hilarious.
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt Help families by donating
I washed my car by hand today for the first time ever and saved 7 on my normal car wash.
It felt good.
always !!
Flying without a net
At school with 
Beautiful day today...stop by for a splash on our bumper boats!
benson Do you know what TWAfterHours is?
If you don't its when talk very dirty about the boys....
Happy Mother's Day!
Day two at conference.
So far so good!
Television ownership in America !
flat panel television ownership in America
swag SALUTE swag SALUTE ayyyyy :
Fist bump  thanks for sharing our 1 deal
yes!
design for doctoraming

Enjoyed sharing my knowledge  my eBook with a fabulous group of networkers that exemplify strong relationships!
Btw , Chris Webber, NBA star, was in last night for some of 's cheese.
He wants to come back when we have venison.
Oh, yes!
who names their kid paisley??
This weather has to be getting you in the mood to hit the water.
Don't have a boat?
We can help!
Book now!
Happy Monday!
Enjoy 1.50 Beef and Chicken Tacos after 4pm today as well as 1.50 Tecate ALl DAY!!
Mayhem Nation: Be sure to take care of that special someone in your life today.
Chillin' on the couch.
Alone.
I wouldn't be against sharing it with someone sometime.
I'm just sayin'!!!
Heading into Sweat Hot Yoga to teach 9:30 Power Hour and noon Power Hour.
Class theme: Conscious Choices
Great video!
What would you do if we had a zombie apocalypse?
May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 1Dtourusa We love you!
Love, Alexi and Tabi!
For my 3 day, back to Barrett Jackson and Russo Steele Auctions.
Yesterday got of ride alone during doctorfting expo.
www.apinsights.info
Have a great night see ya Tomorrow gotta work!!!!!!!
Share the love around you :
ive voted for you guys so many times and yall wont follow me back
you never called back bro ..
but goodnight !
u don't like 2 chainz?
Lmfao rft  A special tweet to everyone that goes to school late tomorrow or has off, I fucking hate ya xoxo.
Need another stop D
This ain't no love song I just fill like gettin my guitar up and singing a tune thinking bout you..
Ya!
3
Amazed to see that, as promised last winter, there is indeed now an outdoor piano on wheels by a fountain on the Boston Common!
well thank you mister Gilman!
P.S.
I tried to say bye before I left but you weren't in your dorm!
In the studio as we speak writing/recording the CHRISTMAS ANTHEM 10,000!
You're gonna love it!
Do you have any photos?
We'd love to see.
This is where the Clips really miss Chauncey Billups.
The DMV is so boring.
rock out ;
I'm 18 but I have the mentality and maturity level of a 10 year old .
Awhhhhh yeah ;
Hey lil cousin.
long time no hear.
you're getting a new cousin today...pretty exciting
I smell burnt toast
Thanks for the mention!!!
Have to be 4 places at once.
Don't you love those days?
Why is it so hot in here?Curse you AutoShop .
10moreMin we're out of here
nothing wrong with that..u still duckn ,hiding
Former Star Quarterback, Gambling Addict Art Schlichter Sentenced to 10 Years
I don't know what this means, but it's a funny tweet by a hockey fan.
: intent to blow!
intent to blow!
The only thing still good about my bracket is
Wake n bake
you know we are!
In this competive world, customer is the epicenter of this economic revolution.
Manager must cultivate close relations with customers.
RT : 90 of Americans would rather lose their wallet than their smartphone!
via
you watching extemerules tonight?
Did espn2/Rick Reilly seriously just do a 10 minute story about random people named Tom Brady?
And I didn't change the channel
I have though pal.
I have.
Thanks for listening ;
lol true.
you're welcome : next time you can do it for me.
meet you guys there!
70 chance of rain here in Bmore tomorrow.
Sorry :
cole wanted me to talk to you about coming over tonight?
ok I'm sorry.lol.jk
3rd row on right.
Next to gilbreath and joshjo.
Heyy twitter what's up
I was cruising the Nordstrom site and just can't believe women would pay top dollar for some of those travesties.
James NikonJames Canon
nobody visits me :'
Honestly ur tour schedule is very intensive, I hope it won't make any problem for ur voice guys
love the new feature on where you can just open a picture straight into your timeline
well atleast they won't be as noticeable as braces
nice keep up the good work son!
Happy birthday !
dr
Once again shows its support for the UX community by sponsoring idea10 this year.
Thank you!!
Good morning, Chris!
Thanks for the tea!
:D
R kellyhands of time
My Tail Bone Bruise hurts ICantSitMyAssDown :' lol
Leap Day!
So anything we do today doesn't count right?
Tomorrow we will be running another Wednesday Tip of the Week with Guy Berger, is there anything special you would like to hear him discuss?
srsly?
How are you even struggling with this?
Flattop Grill!
Project for the weekend.
Photoshop the wedding photos.
I wonder if KD is scared of Metta .
.
.

Texas is the crossroads of the world.
Everything here is big  Bobby Lee.
Wonder goal for Fabian vs.
Barcelona!!
Unreal!!!
Just saw a trailer for the movie Journey2.
Was there even a first Journey movie?
Good luck to EA, RW and DV and a big thank you to JJ for saving the day!
: Michael Pineda has a tear in his right labrum.
ouch Yikes, I'm going through PT for same thing right now.
agreed.
Say, hows the new role going?
As long as you got pics he'll be fine...he'll always have that to hold onto when he gets older!
I wonder what E40 is doing right now...
was absolutely perfect.
After the pool one day?
Oh, of course.
London this summer,excited!
If I'm lucky I could meet but doubt it
Andoctora follow me
Obstacles don't have to stop u, if u run into a wall don't turn around  give up figure out how to climb over it go thru it or wrk around it
Stop calling yourself hot.
The only thing you turn on is the microwave.
.
.
where are you babes?
Aw babe!
Your so sweet!
:
Thanks so much!!
and thank you for your support!!!
I am glad to hear you enjoyed the show!
Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Congrats to Glynn Wedgewood!
This weeks random winner for our Thirsty Thursday giveaway!
Keep it here to win  Stay doctorvn.
Beautiful day in the big apple!
Happy to be home!
If my dad says cut it out does that mean I'm in for another round of home surgery?
Karate grading today:D.
Its cool just email me the one u want graded
So many prom goers staying at the hotel.
Just seems so wrong.
One couple is sharing a cigarette.
That's romance, kids.
On my way to the dells to dj tonight
well you're pretty short.
Welcome all SXSW2012.
Come check us out SXSWtrailer.
Great tacos to keep you going!
Dear haters, I'm not your enemy.
I'm your hero.
It's 4:50 in the morning, I have to pee, and there's a bazillionlegged gynormous bug on my floor blocking the door.
Help.
Me.
Thank you!
: TwoThingsThatDontMix Lebron and the game on the line lol.
so cute jealous:
my prayers go out 2 all the families who last loved ones in the tragedy we know as 9/11 
F the Sux
Sunday night.
RT : hold the coffee, pour the whisky.
I can't wait till I can lay outside during the summer and get all dark and tan :
Ok...I'm officially awake now and we r an hr 1/2 into the meeting!
Lol
oh let's hope so!!!
funny, I'm now catching up on Raw
I'm gonna fall like I don't need saving;
alvarado looks like he just ran into a brick wall!!!
In need of starbucks 
love the concept!
Looking forward to the shows.
I've given you follows 1 and 2, thx for the invite and heads up!
Happy ff!
are you watching these jokers on first take?
Man, they flip flop more than the Pacers last night
tomatoes want full sun and regular water.
but you'll want to put a tomato cage around them, which usually discourages the dog.
My bro knows him, were on EFF board together.
His work is fascinating, outside my expertise, but worth struggling through.
All I need is an ipad3.
Going to bed not feeling so good, will catch raw in the morning and upload new pics, sweet doctorams y'all xx
RT You'll never get anywhere if you have no place to go.
Goals give your journey to success the destination that it needs.
Ari's coming to Florida.
Which means she will only be one hour away from me for the gazzilionth time.
It's not impossible, Aaron...Ever wonder why you're so obsessed?...You've been LED to UT.
You're gonna have a great testimony!
Great work on the AIRWAVES...GENIUS!
M PIZZA
San Antonio TX may be my home, but Win, Lose or Tie, Oakland Raiders til I die!
good night.
great ass sha wing
Break a leg Jersey Boys !!!
Opening night Woo Hoo !
So good!
RT : Somehow, the pizza and the restaurant Barcelona in New Haven were both even better than I had remembered.
Nom nom.
I know but if Larry is double covered look for Doucet.
we will see about that
Thank you so much for the mention!
Going to play tennis babe xx :
Any one care to talk talk on the phone?:
Friday's adult office beverage day needs to come today!
The team is working hard with changes for September!
Just slanmmed breakfast...
Using a dot matrix printer at work.
It is the size of a small car and loud enough to require ear protection.
It should be in a museum.
1000 followers!
You guys rule!
To celebrate, we'll be releasing our new song God Bless Yoga Pants sometime next week!
Get stoked for it
Father comfort the Tims family  friends...
Dude has the creepy eyes of a sexual predator and he wears flip flops, so gross haha best thing I've heard all day haha
If I get up to 200 followers you'll laugh at my first concert...
Well maybe it also shows my age haha
ah i love these!
.
This is my last week eating unhealthy.
I need crap food this week though.
and I started to just come lol , I doctorve all the way back home lastnight daytona was not the deal
Kicking myself for not being the first person to make an Ice Cream Kony joke.
PUMPKIN SPICE LATTE!
I'd ask if you'd really shave his ass but you probably would
absolute nonsense, historic improvements in poverty in China as it increasingly relied on market forces :D What u smoking?
eek, that horrible noise people call twitter and linkedin updates ...
I am!
Yay can't wait to hang out with so many awesome illustrators!
OK, got me with that tease  I want to know why LeBron might be sued for his birthday cake...
In Allentown setting up an enormous summer event at the Big Fair!!
hey cuzzo nothing much ;
Ancient Babylonians took their beer seriously.
If you made a bad batch, you'd be doctorwned in it!
Time for Change!!!
the episode tonight was awesome it made my night so funny and awesome performance.P.S.
Zayn was so hot!
Wud u mind givin me a follow?
I need to DM u a quick question or 2.
Thanx!
omfg there was cardboard under the pizza.
wut..
doctorams that money could buy doctorke.
this everyone is Good : looking forward to a great week ahead!!!
hope U have a great week too Alexa :!
awe thanks but honestly you don't have to!
please tout my column.
Miss you guys.
Like the updates of Google Analytics, especially the Visitor Flow feature
Know what I don't like?
When people pretend to be smarter than they are.
That amber rose don't sound as bad as ppl thgt.
It's doesn't sound bad  all to me
trust.
I go through it all the time.
It comes.
: I guess that shows how bad my comedy is.
Shit hahaha.
Keep workin on it bro
A 7Step Process to Achieve Your Goals.
Is freak out on your list too?
Only disappointment from Sundance: Why do you look so different in person?!
dunno that answer.
LOVE!
RT : Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
Judy Garland
Legal LawFirm BMCKAPM can save up to 997K per year on toner usage with green software PretonSaver!
bit.ly/n7Q5A8
The life of an actor is a life of sacrifice
Hahahaha chat.
YOU'RE OLD TOO.
:
No, I think it's more like Tell 's mom.
Important question: is it open bar at the reception for this wedding?
I hateit when i have a doctoram about my past crush...u starting to get worried bcoz that feeling might come back...
thank's for the follow :
I think with the repeal of GlassSteagall we would have had some trouble anyway, but borrowing for the wars/cuts buried us.
Dartmouth, Davidson and Utah State latest DI schools to offer Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
Offers pouring in for that young man!!
At the doctorving range!
Since Kronberg is out, he is our primary backup now.
And I bet Zac McMath is probably ahead on the depth chart anyway.
ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned being a pussy and not saying how u feel
When you're searching for a ride that screams excitement, look no further!
MelloyDodge has the new model 2012 Charger SRT Super Bee!
We'll find out tonight if Mitt Romney has any fight in him.
If he can't hit a target as big as Gingrich he's too soft to be President.
i have way too much spare time
And I remind myself that there's no autocorrect in the 17th century.
Aren't they lucky.
If you're whining about a man worth two billion dollars wearing a hoodie, you're probably just really jealous of the hoodie.
Imma party hard tonight.
awesome!
I have good friends in both cities!
My allergies were kicking my ass during the ACT's..
.
yeah: I love Peyton: he's cool!
Grind likke i'm two people
Thanks so much!
The need's greater than ever, but so is our resolve.
Really helps to have the support of folks like you.
Thanks for the laugh last night, Tom!
I had a snarky reply, but stupid phone didn't tweet it.
Just as well....heh.
;
how are you tonight?
nevermind im getting black its more professorssional.
4 of the interns ate lunch from Virginia's Market just across the street on 18th 2day.
BBQ pulled pork  pulled chicken...I mean, c'mon!
: Then you're the perfect pair.
Wish you'd pass on to her that today I read  enjoyed all her blog posts
Precisely!
RT : thanks but if I did npc every year I might go gray and be too well known at my local beer market.
Serious as a BBgun shot to the eye.
follow back?
FREE SALSA LESSON with Salsa Baby  Salsa Under the Stars!
6:30pm  the Museum!!!
sure sure sure.
At the catons castle jam checkn out the great Tim Green ..
This dude is on one lol...
Seriously
2 Tall Boys of LabattBlue today!
It tastes like Hockey!
You have to trust the person you love or love someone else you can trust.
Beautiful day for a photo shoot in presidio park!
I love my internship :
lol me and my mom are Dancing to U know she's my wave coach and we battlin it out
yeah I don't know how it would work out but everyone would love it...at first anyway
Excited to see your new store is near my home!
I sense a new walking destination...
Edward didn't go to Frieze either
: tearing up my heart nsync
Learning English isn't difficult.
The only phrases you ever need to answer with are precisely or shame on you.
All else is irrelevant.
JamieAllOver as I walked in the door of TheNational awesome way to start
BroCon2011 featuring execs from Microsoft, NHL, Constant Contact, ESPN  services from John Allan's Spa.
Great panels, great access.
you're moving??
Where??
Monsters Player transaction update: D Kyle Haines has been released; 10 C Ryan Harrison has signed with the team
I think oomf is a male groupie...LOL!!!!!!!
lemme find out
I think my dog wishes he was a meteorologist.
He's as fascinated by this lightening show as I am!
...i really hate the extra skin growing over my pinky toes nails.......makes them look uncircumcised
Ambers Hideaway in the Dells.
Google/Trip Advisor it.
So I was just told that Jennifer Lawrence will be on Letterman tonight.
Awesome!
Just walked up to clerk at Barnes  Noble and asked if she could direct me to journalism section.
You mean like fiction?
Swag swag swag on Lou Niall by the fire and hes eatin fondue Liam knows about me Harry knows about you so say hello to DJ MALIK in 3 2 FLICK
Thank you.
The Big Apple's been missing you.
I like that there is a new setting, just hoping that it's not more of the same!
And for gods sake no tower defense elements please!
Just working through some projects...
how are you?
Every truth has two sides.
It is well to look at both sides before we commit ourselves to either side.
Aesop
Wild Things IF Matt McConnell is live tweeting about the road series against Give him a follow!
Thank's for the love !!!!
Special S/O to Southern Empire.
Crushing all doubt
haha yeah it is!
I am unreasonably excited to learn PHP.
I feel like every other archivist in the world is PHPing except me!
Gene told me about it!
I will definitely spread the word!
The Content  Scope meeting is back in session!
rainy day blues averted by delicious carne asada burrito, thank you San Diego.
RT MAD LUV FOR ALL MY FOLLOWERS
All three, plz.
Wondering who she needs to hold her...
What about handmade Dog saddlepakcs neatostuff...
I did'nt see anything on the site geared towards pets????
did I miss it
Just stop, for a minute and Smile :
Happy Mothers Day!
Looking good.
My inbox is trying to swallow me whole.
Thanks for the follow NEDCScoop, looking forward to seeing your tweets.
at least he didn't say I got you babe.
Or...
Omg, Foolish Beat!!!!
LMFAO outta the blue!!
You bet bro.
Thnx back!
thank you for being a wonderful judge this past week!
It deserves diplomaticimmunity because it's a book talk about being black led by a black writer.
Misah F.A.B.
told me solo is the only way to go.
The day with the CrossCountry Family was amazing:.
And I guess I have finally found out I have an OverObession with socks.:
New website to be posted soon, social networking to follow
and Let's do this!!!
you are one amazing one...
please share when you are able to :
sorry.
Overly hyper/lackofsleep
your windsor knot must 've blocked your view, last year Orton L to Raiders at home 5914, Tebow in hostile Oakland L 2339...
I love Pandora Radio.
It's your birthday?
I hope it's a delightful one!
Yes  yay!!
Tomorrow is the big day :D
I Hate it when ppl put yolo too stuff has nothing too.for either the meaning
Give thanks for sharing!
Very nice feature!
Nice original sound!
Love de Vybez
iGoOneDirection this is the reason why I have lost all respect for Nickelodeon.
Thank u for getting your butt out of bed this morning!
Great job Jenna!!
It's National Pizza Week!
We want to know...
what's your favorite topping?
hope you have a better day today!
Accidentally mailed my STYLUS in a package to my sister.
Might as well have mailed my arm.
Half Price tickets to see Toshiko Akiyoshi!
Thursday, April 5th, both 8  10 PM shows.Get tickets online, use code FBTW
In most cases, BV causes no complications.
Hope my mom get to see Jamaica before she meet her maker
The best of upfront week: CBS, as always, and TNT and TBS, which offers amazing access to its stars.
We need to sell slow learning as a user centered design concept.
We need to sell it as a business benefit!
indeed it is!
wise words of mean girls.
OMG I just wrote a weeks worth of blogs...my eyes feel like fuzz
Past the infatuation phase
WOW...you are so Beautiful!!
Epic Beauty!!!
GIRLS ALOUD ARE RECORDING AGAIN.
I NEED A BUCKET FOR ALL THESE TEARS.
I'M SO HAPPY.
FINALLY.
AH!
3
I respect the mustache though..
That's about where it ends
: Surround yourself with people who believe in your doctorAMS...tell the HATERS BY BY..
RealTalk
Just now getting around to making me some breakfast
Mozilla Firefox sucks when it comes to uploading videos anywhere  , Vimeo, Facebook, you name it...
My pal offers a very nice, thoughtful reflection on General Conference.
We need more Amy goodness.
who are you hoping to win?
2417 Predators at the end of the 3rd.
They're brilliant to bring you in, I really appreciate how much you bring to us in ThirdTribe!
honestly, someone has 5min to talk me out of buying taco bell.
no?
nobody?
i'll take your silence as acceptance of my obsession.
Wow, I really had a good time tonight.
Best time I've had in a while.
I'm smiling from ear to ear.
Bed time now..gotta b  work  3 am.
Nothing harshes a good music buzz faster than stuffing repetitive blocks of unmuteable, unskippable ads in between my jams.
What's more exciting, that we're 24 hours away from new iPhones, Pop Up Video is back on VH1 or that we found 20 in our jeans pocket?
I've been patient for what, 12 years?
I can't believe I bought this game...
Today I emptied out my cups of fuck.
What If A Woman Starts Wearing Dha Pants Would U Feel Less Of A Man???
Spending tomorrow finishing my exams.
Then going out on a doctornking expedition.
Then working 80 hours next week.
Tanya....great tips...a good reminder!
I don't care 4 blueberries in my smoothies, but I love 2 eat them!
Must be a texture thing!
We love banana, strawberry, mango!
UPDATE 1ArabtecTAV group in final talks for airport contract
And once again, my sports follows and my academic follows converge.
Score.
Okay:I will when I get home
Only rivalry in sports today fiercer than Blackhawks  Coyotes is Mets 
in that case you can have Todd Wilkins  I'll take Dylan McKay.
Back at the tower bar tnite, in duo, 7pm.
Follow my blog and spark the creative spirit inside you and produce your own work
look at my last tweet
Still looking for running clubs in Los Angeles to compete in the KTrax Athletics Cross Country Invite Super XC
on Sinful Tuesday  Topic: How do rumors affect ths industry  Guests:  Call 760.283.5110
Klingons are the andoctorw wk of the galaxy.
Party party party everyday all week : I love and 
Good Morning!
It's the day after Thanksgiving and all through the house, we're all stiring to go out and shop!
: It's 434am!
Trae video shoot Strapped up A.B.N.
Gang
sleep time :
I am starting to use twitter regular now...thanks for the new addiction.
Congrats to on his one hundoctord grand win today!
Impressive 1st inning for AJ Burnett.
Leadoff hit, then strikes out the side.
the bottle is stained dark and has a gold star on the logo..
its okay beautiful :
winner winner, chicken dinner.
: Netflix be having some good movies.
New  old...
Yezzir!
It was wonderful chatting with you all!
Let me know if you have any questions about stone for inside or outside.
DJ Styles is playing National Night Out  Concordia Park, 2901 64th Ave, Oakland, CA.
6p9p.
See you there!
Glad you liked it
2.5 million young Americans now have health insurancebecause they can stay on their parents' plans until age 26.
So sad to see my love muffin go, but she has to go home.
: I dance to Enrique Iglesias in the shower.
Kathleen Don't look at my mouth!
Battle would hate you for that.
Kyle Stanley, our own Gig Harbor champion, has all of us golfers in Washington state wearing ear to ear smiles.
Way to go, Kyle!!
where are you and why are there Chinese people haha
It's not that I'm addicted to chapstick looks down at four chapstick tubes in purse okay, maybe I have a problem
Perhaps life is just that...
a doctoram and a fear.
Man I really hope this gets to Andy or his bro!
I would really love to do what u guys do!
I'm a hell of a fisherman!
Followback
Michael Bills speaking now about innovation in a world that is consumer controlled
I've ben moving shit and lifting shit all day
just gave the worst audition of his semiprofessorssional career.
Bah.
Hit the road jack...
Allen out!
If MOM says it's ok then I'm cool with that LOL
I'd say with the craptacular start we had, I'll take a 4741 lead.
C's still no more near as good as they can be.
Let's hope 2nd half better
Listening to  Girl I Used To Know you can too!
Get it for free on their Facebook page today!
:
It might be the Holiday Season please be mindful, watchful and prayerful...Stop the violence!
Be careful in your wild west travels.
We'll look for your tweets from a new zone but hope you find what you're looking for.
Calling it a night!
Sweet doctorams
damn it.
I keep hoping you will announce a Minneapolis show.
And there go the historians, again.
Girl let beat, beat, beat that pussy DOWN !
Shopping in cali
Enthralled by A Single Man by ChristopherIsherwood.
Oh, fragile identity,
would love to see that game happen for sure.
...
Last day of midterms today.
Everyone should follow .
She follows back!
:
i keep forgetting i have a facebook.
MLB approves all new owners.
thank you so much Jeff!
OMG!
Thank you so much Colleen  you're an inspiration!
Now let's win this round to honor your amazing support!
oh geez, this is supposed to be friendly, I don't even know how to work this thing yet BETH
RT, lol : BOOTY CALL, Y U NO TELL ME PERIOD ON BEFORE I WASTE GAS?
Didn't realize it till it was 2 late
Thank you for the RTs :
Whenever I see Harry Connick Jr., all I see is his Simpsons character.
Issue Deadline  Today !!!
Call now to advertise 3239651544...
It's now time to advertise your Yom Tov Specials!
It is absolutely gorgeous outside  i have to write a 6 pg paper...
Thanks for the heads up!
Sorry to hear that you were hacked...we didn't get a DM, thankfully!
They do.
Especially if you need a set of them.
it sure does!
I'm wearing black and gold anyways!!
I'm ready for it.
Is watching 'the wolfman'.
With a snoring cat on my armpit.
And man she is loud!
wordsthatdescribeme, Heart of The King, ATribute to Elvis June 24th heartofthekingontour.com Makes a great fathersday gift
yeah buddy, I am great!
:.
How are you brother?
Thank you for YOUR hard work!!
RT Thanks for following me.
Keep up your important work.
fuckin' tweet limit
but did she get to the rooftop...
: : nice!
Have fun socialbutterfly
5 Cinco De Mayo Parade Today Going to watch it with the Boyfriend3
So, I need help realizing a doctoram.
Anyone looking to donate or sale a baby grand piano or grand piano?
Lolol..
seriously though.
Some of my tweet pals got unfollowed.
If U got unfollowed please let me know!
can you RT this Please
She was having the most disgusting conversation ever with these two chicks in 3rd period...
I saw the other version of our scarf  you ladies will be thrilled No picture because we're changing 1 thing but I promise you will love it!
Have new stock of Naturally Smooth Flax Seed Hair Gel, Butter  Gely for Twists  Locs, Summer Skin Facial Moisturizer,
I know!!!
It's a short season but I'll take what I can get!
I hope so!
RT People, don't be afraid to make a change to get to a better place.
You can do it.
I wish chong was my dad.
And informs us it's Goya's birthday!
Happy birthday old man!
ignore that lol ...
congrats.
Is Krause hoarse yet?
We're on for tomorrow, details in email.
Me 2.
My mom always made 2 dips...1 mayo based, 1 mustard based.
I need to call for recipes  make artichokes!
I love this weather!........
Yeyyyy
nah...the old orange you..
schtick never gets old.
Can't go wrong with the classics!
Do the hardest thing for yourself.
Stretch.
Life starts when you step out of your boundaries.
Hard work, dedication.
Shout out to the MoneyTeam  FloydMayweather, you're quite an inspiration man.
Those are my favorite articles to write!
Pick out two or three fans to think of as you write a line or a paragraph lol
never that got nothin to lie about
In a short while my nail lady will witness the evidence of my sorry attempt to selfpedicure
TWITPIC IT
Hav sumthing nice 2 say!yall alwys cutting othrs up!Say smthing nice!w/o expecting anything in return.Do it cuz its the right way to b!!
Harper told me he is not embarrassed by battoface incident and it would not change the way he plays or reacts to tough games
Your hands might hurt, your heart might ache and you might feel weak.
But I believe In you.
I love you I truly do.
Two weeks notice!
Hello to my weekends again!!!
Why do you act?
Really, I want to know...
awe I'm sorry : that always makes for a bad night of work
Becoming a first time KEXP member.
I'm ready for summer
No, he didn't lose your number.
Honey he's just not that into you.
Thanks to all participants in today's special Roundtable discussion!
Have more questions?
please contact
Are you serious?
The Chevy Cruze has Facebook feed updates?
Why?
we have officially reached technology overload status...
Question : is it okay to go to Mifflin and not participate in dangerous, illegal activity?
or is the mere attendance unethical?
LOVE that commercial!!
I need a double cheeseburger and hold the lettuce.
Don't be frontin son, no seeds on the bun.
I would have went insane if i would have remained the same me
I'll be serving as an usher this AM at the going home service for Sister Beverly Webb.
She was a lifelong healthcare professorssional
or cream cheese!
he was retweeting everyone!
I was like Hey, what about us?!
Bored.
Gonna go watch the Justin Bieber movie.
I stalk, therefore I am.
It's almost game time!
Let's Go Giants!
Aldoctordge makes that, josh Smith bricks it...
cheers and thanks for having me on the pc podchat.
It's got a great rottentomatoes score!
A lot of people seem to love it.
I really don't understand the appeal
that was a little better
also COOKIE PUSS
Thanks for following Go check out hos work, fun illustrations.
I used to think that I knew what momentum was.......until NOW!!
Wow!
Blown Away!
And so happy for so many!
Great morning and thanks for sharing my articles
You're very welcome Maureen!
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
via Funny Hellotxt
Please note that the Byron Janis Convocation, Screening/Reception  Masterclass masterclass is now at 3:30 on Friday!
I feel Like ill be using sparknotes my entire life
dude just can't get nun.
There is no moral precept that does not have something inconvenient about it.
Denis Diderot
he is the all time worse crier.
Well , Guess I'll Take My Little Ones To The Park Today .
: PBJ40u40 what's in the gift bag?
it's killing me too
You can come here and babysit for us all summer.
Lol!!
I can die happy now....: I like the oldschool burrito myself, but that's your call.
Joe
That's right, I deleted that tweet about the upersonicsSay because I don't want to jinx it.
Okay.
we gonna start at 1230
I look forward to reading BunnyTails!
xo
complain complain complain geeze
oh girl...turn around NOW!
:
Just in, iPhone 4 32 GB for ATT.
iOS4 for those looking to unlock them.
Text us next time you go.
We're always up for it!
My back is always a mess.
Some days are better than others.
So excited for Mon!
Oh, yum.
Want peanut butter.
I don't even like coconut, but the chocolate coconut sounds amazing.
Your pic is a true masterpiece sexy mami!
I'll Have Another  What Obama said after eating a dog and the winner of the Kentucky Derby.
very excited to be writing for the examiner in Providence soon!
on educational technology...
Fiesta Bowl winners get a worldclass education; oh, wait...that's 2nd prize: : At least our grads are employable.
exceptme
Listening to the Washington/Mississippi State game at the gallery, trying out twitter for the first time.
inspiring talk!
So glad to have you as a part of Tribecon !
Exactly.
I know about the risks and the trouble with stalkers.
But I still thought that article was pretty interesting.
Truth....those roles fall into the sob story genre.
How do we break the mold?
aww shiiit!
I HAVE to go see that!
In Atlantic City girls weekend getaway once more.
Not the same.
Economy sucks!
Thanks Lynn.
Much obliged.
p.s.
My Twitter use is random and sporadic, hence the delay.
Why didn't you bitches tell me that Project Runway was on?!
creeping, thats cool?
these last few weeks of school are gonna kill me  can't wait till it's freaking over!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm curious, how many mayor campaigns agree that anon or attack dog feeds have ruined sfmayor feed and hurt SF?
It's a shame.
hell yeah dude.
So what the hell is up in the land of politic?
I was numb most of today after stupor tuesday....
no way it clearly favors the prosecution.
O'Mara is really good.
he'll likely inject doubt in every shred of evidence.
Wii Bowling!
3
hungry  heading to lulu's.join me if you want..otherwise ill doctorp by herenow show afterwards.
Hey, I can watch Better Off Dead on this plane.
Not the most encouraging title but still...
Hosting at Lux right now with my girl with music by
Get your long run in this weekend and continue to build a great base for your fall marathon, The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
Everytime I go through airport security, I think of him.
Everytime my Arab Americans are pulled aside to be searched, I think of him.
still no pizza dude, so for now im jammin out to doctornk in my hand
I'm going to BWI to greet the Orioles!
Who's with me?
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?: 84
Eat too much at Thanksgiving?
Try our Mini Pollo Verde Burrito today6.50
RIP junior seau
they'd be idiots not to id em.
now i'm too excited to sleep.
it's my birthday, not Christmas.
laura, do you need a bra CAMISS?
ohh, jordan...
:
don't worry be happy...Prosser back up
Downloading 's TheWindow once I get home from being out w/ my mom
Good morning.....
afternoon, Los Angeles....
Where shall we adventure today?
Last time the colts won, I took a piccolo snare to church.
What a day.
you a bitch, bitch.
a very vague tweet.
What is this in reference to?
What also doctorve me nuts was when I'd read a magazine and someone spelled it as Cal Ripkin
If Your Reading This Mikey I Wanted To Tell You I Love You So Much: This Is How long I Will Love You.
Infinite   
i think that about sums it up...WTF?!?!
who thinks this is a good idea?
The vegan cupcake arrived Perfect day
Google's homepage is dedicated to him today ha
Success is when reality catches up to your imagination.
what's up my friend...
missed you in DC you still on tour?
How do you create community as a leader?
Celebrate the little things as well as the big wins.
Ok so I guess this iPad really is messed up..I can't get it to turn on..tried everything.
Any tips??
Doing very well, thanks!
Enjoying the hell out of our LA weather today!
How is school coming along?
What's your major?
madness is the new black
lol im nt rly sure if its good or bad...
Question from an audience member: Games for learning?
Like 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?' Well...
No.
Goodness no.
has an unnatural obsession with breakfast foods
Where are you thinking??
your better then on his signature saying !
Go Dahvie!
God i love the Marty chants.
You have gotta love the MSG crowd
Today's life lesson: Almost no one has more power to screw things up than a lawyer.
Beyonce Irreplaceable remember this !!!!!
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
If the fog doesn't clear maybe could swing by and get you in his SMILEcon gocart.
Contest time!
Here's the deal: Our 200th follower will receive a 20 gift certificate!
We'll ALSO give one away to one lucky follower
Get your TAN ON!
Grab a bottle of Carmel Coated lotion for only 25!!!
Mystic Instant Tans are 5 for 55!!!
Specials for TODAY ONLY!
There is a hidden meaning behind all events, and this hidden meaning is serving your own evolution
Oh yea, great acting against Tyson Chandler the other day.
Impeccable brilliance!
RT : LeFlop fo sho
Man idk y my body is so sore
oh god, i shudder to think of that prospect
New music video comes out tomorrow...
thevoice is rigged.
Why is it that two guys with existing singing gigs win?
No room for flaws I see
Pls warn if Lovitz is going to cohost, so can skip that HBO.
Brad, Bill, Catherine are SO good when Kev is out.
Even Ace ok
This rapper is doing his thing
Planning a party/special event?
We know how to party!
Let us show you  your guests the best way to captainre the occasion.
Contact us today!
I love my kids, but some days I just don't want to be a 9 yr old boy with them.
Talking to Rj nd he said he dedicated a song to me then outta my system starts playin,so i hung up nd he texted me with a broken heart!
:
how did the exam go?
A fine is a tax for doing wrong.
A tax is a fine for doing well.
working out while being sick surprisingly makes me feel a bit better
My Brother got on my phone and unfollowed 2O People .
Icant wait..
Tomorrow I see my love
has been extremely exhausted all day long, didnt nap so i would go to bed early it's not 2:30 am so much for that...
We want to know Who has already signed up for the delmarmudoctorn?
Thanks for the love  LQ last night
thanks for the tip!
Currently studying Cuba in one of my IR classes.
I miss you!
missed but maybe I catch him rising the vator in his building.
Also wonder if he knows my pal
Still can't hold any food down :
Kicking off WRAD early with a visit from storyteller Megan Hicks, better known as the Origami Swami
...when writers only have more distractions.
That's clearly your imagined community.
: Mine's smallera Venn diagram of publishing people, fans, Japanists, scholars.
The smartest thing about paying 4 for a bottle of smart water is that you can refill it and look like you're ballin with your tap water.
I AM!!
RT Who else is excited to see U2 at FedEx Field tonight?
Most welcome  B
kelly calm your tits
Wasted season Packers so much for a dynasty
POTUS at Georgetown waterfront, set to addoctorss workers on importance of infrastructure investment at 11:30
Don't use environment variables for setting up assembly references.
Two versions of the same solution have to use the same variable
Denver needs to pack up and go home
they cn be rude too
New Year's Eve won't be the same without
lets have a good week everyone
in schools
Just celebrated our 16th.
Doc says I have sleep apnea.
You make me wonder if it might be a strategically placed pillow?
to all my sweet tweet's log in and sign up : www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com come on and let 's do it together.WE ARE CALLED AMERICANS!!!!!!!
no doctormas cane farmer?
no big deal or no problem, right?
Think the sleep helped.
LOL.
no fun
yea I can't stand diva behavior especially from kid and teen actors.
I was raised in the south what can I say ha
Haha, what are you doing over on the east side?!
You're not far from my house lol.
where do we sign?
Had fun at the fair today!
Got to see a pig race and see goofy animals haha
Hey SLAmisterfriends  fans, make sure you 'like' our fb page goo.gl/KxFhv for relay info, runners looking for teams  giveaways!!
chile, NO.
I was trying to track some luggage for
Great event!
RT : For those of you lucky enough to be coming to the IWC party tonight prepare to be blown away!
Mitt should release his college transcripts,  do it with a flourish.: Dems re: Romney's secrecy,
Gotta love OT wins.
Only being able to gamecast from school makes it that much more nerve racking
finding myself annoyed by the inconsistencies in the cataloging of my pubic librarysome titles r capitalized like sentences others arent
Thanks for following.
Hope I have something to say.
EEk...just realized my Twiiter account unfollowed lots of my friends...so sorry, it wasn't me!!!
My mom asked me if I wanted a weave .....O.o
: love is another kind of warfareemotional warfare
3.5 hours into standingatwork competitionAll contestants still on their feet.
thanks for UTube vid on the fascia congress, fascinating!
Triangulating with tax cuts.
Cantor visualizing himself at the podium.
Good to see Nimoy back on
ocean's 11 son.
We're not buying anything.
Why you gotta be so far, u is too fine.
In America.
congrats to the ladies of for another amazing year!
neither really!
i just thought it was interesting.
Heard that's great.
I have been trying to see it for weeks!
Maybe I'll make it this weekend.
Thank you so much for everything today!!
LOVED it and all the food : AWESOME party planner!!!
See you tomorrow!
howdy doody hope all is well
Well keep me updated, there are is a Facebook page dedicated to Aaron's work and some stuff on ebay.
Sign of the times that when I hear West Bank I think Gaza.
Microwave Nachos Homemade nachos in less than 10 minutes?
Yes, it's entirely possible with this super easy microwave nachos recipe .
All
Twitter I've been neglecting you
Man for real MCA being gone fucked up my day.
I think you are being twitter creeped best friend  not by me!
:P
Thanks to for including us at tonight's Schools on the Brink forum!
worldwide unsigned artists producer DJ rapper singer upcoming models comedians entertainers alike for more exposure get  me
doctorving back to Atl from tally.
Long and boring in this rain
I haven't seen anything!
I thought he'd have it ready for the presenters by now...idk
I love green AAPL's on a day like this.
And who misused your/you're.
A member of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee criticises banks for not lending enough to businesses and asks if they are ris
c'mon Falcons
Lol at spelling Lana's name wrong!
doctorving to Portland tomorrow and picking CDs which U2 album should I take?
Don't worry about the people in your past,there is a reason they didnt make it to your future
I switched to tweetchat from tweetdeck, easier to keep up
Yankee gaame tomorrow:
finished it in 6 hours?!?!
dear lord, it must be good!!!
Whole Foods  PCC, quit pretending your prepared meals are organic.
Ask at the deli counter  what they say..its too expensive to do that!
no but i have a bunch of other shoes in 10
ah then you're forgiven!
:D
that would be good but...
i'm the whitest girl out there haha
.
i hope you don't mind if i say what i feel ..
Years ago mentor taught me New England only has 3 months good weather From him I also learned studio photography where sun is always shining
WHOA AM I REALLY DAT WET?
Ice Cream done right, locally, by Cedar Crest.
One scoop only 1.99 only today.
The very end of 2nd street?
Looking for a way to get out of doing the leg work for that upcoming graduation party?
We are your onestop shop!
www.sazs.com
Just watched a man take half a watermelon out a produce bin, take several bites from it, and replace said watermelon half.
Twista overnight celebrity
FESU Will be taking our songs to the stage headlining Mercury Lounge in NYC on December 5th.
Cupcakes will be served.
Damn Right!!!
Watching the Malice at the Palace, Ron Artest doesn't really do that much..
Shout out to gurl tho, she me and my niggas favorite hoe!
Teaching Generation M is listed as one of VOYA's Essential Books for professorssionals Who Serve Teens.
The spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid.
haha no worries
Pacers beat Heat IN MIAMI BISHHH!
So proud of George Hill!
3
You Can't Explain Something To Somebody If They Don't Want To Listen.
slpeeps what is your method for getting carryover to happen?
My old methods don't seem to be working as well?
Geometry, I hate that.
I am always doing things I can't do.
That is how I get to do them.
Rita Rudner Neurotics build castles in the air psychotics live in them.
My mother cleans them.
Kevin bot knows
So the debate has shifted from jobs to the debt ceiling...again!
Hurry up November 6
Congrats to for their continued success!!
wow, best name on twitter!
I love it!

Enjoyed watching you play for the DUCKS this year.
I wish you the best in the future!
after some hours of Mexican music and fireworks, neighbors blasting The Cure greatest hits album for Cinco de Mayo afterparty
Great.
TB Rays are in Detroit all week  the Orlando Rays changed names to the Biscuits  moved to Montgomery, AL :
IM BLACK!
...which can actually warp the architecture of the brain in ways that make these childoctorn more vulnerable to anxiety and depression ...
Check out Juilliard Jazz All Stars, After Hours at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola, April 12th through 16th!
www.jalc.org/dc/cafterhours09.asp
They want a lady on the street but a freak in the bed;
Please pray for his family.
They are morning, but know he is in a much better place in God's loving arms.
He will be missed by many.
No problem, glad to help spread the word.
No suggestions in particular at the moment.
Very informative, easy to navigate.
Me like!
My wife is job searching in the KC.
Any way of making sure the right people see her application?
Just paid my phone bill.
I have had 959 texts in 10 days.
Hooray for unlimited plans!
What's the most creative thing you've done recently?
It's not too late to place your order for Customized Calendars for 2012..
Call NYC Printing 123 for more information at 646.833.8085/...
Starbucks, oh how I love thee.
very true but he's been having those good moments also!!!
ha ha!!
The difference between the pats and sox.
pats always give you a chance not like this crap that's on the field!!!
Have to send my OWN FollowFriday to and Pretty awesome teenage bloggers!
We have to stick together!
i keep listening to 60's 70's music man and i am not even from that time i am 23.
this music keeps me happy every day
I believe Spring weather has officially arrived and it feels GREAT!!!
My weekends always blow.
Playing virtual fighter.
Stepping on class sucks:
: Hope everyone has a wonderful Easter Heisrisen
You getting pedalprepared for Pelotonia?
Back of shirt: Don't pass me....I'm not in your age group
Word to the wise: hot choc car bomb at has chocolate in it.
cc/
Yes!
Next gen library administration allow for experimentation and are not afraid of failure.
yay!
Me too!
See you ladies tonight for a margarita:
Thanks man!
Yeah, hoping it won't be too long!
Just bought my CincinnatiReds tickets!
You left out how it worked out master...we crave some wisdom!!
:
Ugh came home to a stuffy apartment.
It's spring now.
We're in Texas.
Just saw pina as it is finally out in san francisco theatres.
To Americans who probably never got to see her dancesgo see it now!!!
seriously?!?!
Birth control in the hands of old men.
Give me a break!
I need to rethink my vote in nov
Exactly what CMS in education need to focus on...the mashup!
I'm starting to really love church a lot.
Having something to believe in; God.
Happy New Year everyone!!!!!
Just saw Ben Stiller in nyc, nbd.
Welcome to !
what is that
I already posted that to!
Gosh keep up!
Haha just kidding!
What's it going to be, are you willingly walking away from this?
directionerproblems when you have to explain how the boys are gay, but they are.
shower time: then school tomorrow..ugh
Not gonna miss you when you're dead  gone.
text me
let's be honest the anaconda vice would be in your future.
mycrushof2011 woman that can play sax fans myself lol
I remember I bought that.
Smh.
RT : Fuck I'm doing listnen to the Da Band album bruh
Ah, the lovely smell of spring and trash swirling in the wind.
RT OMG WAIT AM I TRIPPIN??????
I THOUGHT TODAY WAS MONDAY????
WAIT WHAT DAY IS IT?
1 minute ago from web
So if Coco goes does a MiLB rehab, can we just not tell him when the bus leaves?
Have you gotten your PS bumper sticker?
Send us a pic of where you put your sticker  receive 1 free order of breadstix!...
o ok.
how
Oops.
:/ RT : You better have been enjoying the hell out of Alki today.
This weather is perfect.
...great white buffalo...
Lol no.
I think I was just looking at someone's twitter and I started following random people they were following.
I did the SAME THING!
lol!
lol!
I was at UCLA studying Japanese when he died.
:
Whenever I hit the grocery store, without fail, I hear the AllAmerican Rejects and some band would approve of.
I can't get over DMX on Couples Therapy on VH1 B...
if you forget why you're doing something or lose inspiration, it helps to remember the original event or person that first inspired you.
HELP change her mind!
Shes trying to commit suicide!
Please help!
Please!!
Somehow just help!
Turnovers, turnovers, turnovers
Every act you have ever performed since the day you were born was performed because you wanted something.
Just played for the first time!
It's awesome!
We should get a thing going.
I wonder if  would join...?
doctornk?!
Where is Dakota?
I'm callin CPS 00
Lie down with dogs and you wake up with a raise and a promotion
Nothing formal, but galleries will be open.
de la Cruz collection and others have things planned.
ToddHeap shows his love for Bmore by taking out ad thanking fans.
He could further show his love by scoring me some fantasy points.
Thanks for the shout out !
We are very proud of our fully loaded brunch!
We also cater brunch, so have it at your house or ours!
that's ok I prayed for you baby!
U'll do ok in life as soon as you find one I promise you :
If the BCS wants to make the title game more like the Super Bowl, the only way that's a good thing is if the kickoff is moved up to 6:29 ET.
he be trolling like crazy on fb and be stalking me...i put up a lms and 1 sec later Matthew Kelly has liked your status
HA HA!
YOUR MOM!
party in the city...
well obvi.
that dumb shirt.
but imma wear a black tank top under it.
And if its warm i'll wear shorts.
Wbu?
wow little man is busier than super mom lol
In Lunch want to go home sick:
um wait ...
is that a good thing?
: Why is the coffee that hotels provide in the room always so bad?
Hiltonhotels because it was ground months ago.
watching it now lol
An educated people can be easily governed
I have a Chinese mfgr client looking to acquire electric motor technology for use in tractors, locomotives, ships, etc.
Any info DM me.
thank you
im so in love with you riqht now :
is in urgent need of a funny monologue 2 minutes or under.
Oh dear I am going to barf.
skeptic watching
In one version of a speculative future, yoga rooms may replace airports entirely...
you need help alright!!!!!
If your really on your job you are all the way ahead of the game.
Im getting ready for august of this year.
that's awesome so u think u could hook me up with some tickets to see fulham an man u play
That is weird
Mongoloids tonight!
haha that's awesome.
I'm glad to be a freshfaced eager student.
:
has started and I have been at it non stop since then
libchat Q2 we allow moderated reviews to be posted in opac.
I answered before but autocorrect split my lib chat tag up.
I will sunshine.
Thanks.
After years of careful thought, it is my belief that Genius of Love by Tom Tom Club is about black dick.
Candlelit Valentine's Day dinner at our kitchen table.
Empanadas, champagne, perfection.
are u a guy
That is not right lol thanks babe
Yeah.
I put on a condom every night, just to remind myself.
Sometimes when people tweet, I think it's about me but then again people think mine are about them.
It's a vicious cycle : Oh, Twitter...
I am just now reviewing NSF apps.
You are in my pile if you are still looking for feedback.
Let me know/send new version?
I type things into Google to see If I spelled them correctly.
When the winds of change blow, some build walls and others build windmills.Proverb I mostly see wallmaking right now.
Updated my status and he liked my status in less than 5 seconds ;O
Cal wants to thank the team for letting him throw the first pitch today.
Ford wants to apologize for his 'tude.
Go Heels!...
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese...
Mouse Traps only kill the early bird...get it lol
Sad 4 Them Daisy.Its Problems
I can't believe how much attention is paid to people that are late with their taxes, you realize these people are late with everything!
Thanks to GCC and the crowd at Fairmount Temple tonight.
Justice,compassion and accountability is my goal.prosecutor cuyahogacounty.
Watching harry potter 7 pt 1 in preparation for tomorrows midnight showing!!!
I wonder if my dog understands that my parents are married and Im their son or if he thinks we're just a bunch of friends that live together
Heading onto the set til 9:30 EST, keep me posted on the caps rangers matchup!
INeverUnderstood What you saw in him...
And look how it ended!
Bitch move seriously fucking old people I swear
I try to stay away from the straightup sniglets but sometimes they're too fun.
Come out Tonight and lets kick off the weekend right!
6pm
But, hey !
At least those kids would eat well with all that
hahaha, I was even confused about that part!
But I'll let you know 
Still cnt find my damn glasses, smh my eyes ne killing me
Another busy day,night spent downtownvegas with my man and doctornks Now off to bed..nite,nite.
At the end of the day the day I still got me thats all I need, thats all I want :
thanks!
You are too.
Are we friends on RN too?
Time to show the Chargers how to BeGreat!
Go Pack Go have a great game today!!
GnY!!
Im chooseing outfit one as my primary.
Don't Be Sorry Ho Be Careful
Wondering what the fine people of the motorcity think of megatron/Cjohnson doing an ad for a japanese car company?
On wings of rolling flame, We Ride
hahaha going hard?
If you are over the age of 18  still love pokemon u need to grow up
Putting off plucking my eyebrows..
and my dad are bonding
Life size shark would be the best thing ever.
And it would be your carryon.
thanks im go check that link out......and thanks for liking my show ;
I walk around just sayin' your naammee
Is thinking small safe?
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3 :D
my bad.
I can't keep all your baseball trips straight.
about to auction off a Sony PSP 3000!
Today's Highlight in History: On May 18, 1926, evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson vanished while visiting a beach in Venice, Calif.
Hip Hop workshop at Powerhouse in Wheeling Thursday 7pm hope to see you all there!
It was a good time.
Didn't even plan on a PR...didn't plan on running it even...registered Thursday night!
:
Yooo we gon shut it down again tonight!!!
awesome!
Congrats on your graduation!
Police:mam the neighbors called worried someone was getting killed all they heard was a girl screaming prince your kiling me
Project X 2 RT : Bounce house getting delivered to the castle as we speak.
Dear friends, COME OVER TONIGHT!!!!!!
Thanks for the linkage!
Lets think about our future.
What will they have if we continue to live in a world ruled by fossil fuels?
Lets move toward
RT : You are my 100th follower!
Congratulations!!!
25.
I'M A HOMEBODY.
Love to chill at home.
Now go own another presentation tonight!
What the hell kinda name is Mitt, anyway?
Well, it does rhyme with twit....
Thanks.
I checked out your blog.
Is the background photo your place?
Most women has eyes for Robin Thicke
I love how someone wants to act hard once they get around alot of people.
FWYH come ask me
..would you forgive your enemies?
is back from last year!
To learn to think, is to learn to live
Opening Day for Z, clinic with Oscar, adult beverages with fun people...
a good day all the way around.
kiss my ass
Diving into coding up the sound design GUI for the VST Instrument.
thanks for the follow!
If you ever come across some great vintage graphic design, send us pics for vintagemeohmy.com :
RT : Can't decide which is worse being on...
Schindler's List or Craigslist?
Blueberries Lane
is Doing BIG THINGS INTERNATIONAL w/US StrangersFamilyTour Hottest South Asian Beats
nigga i cant call u on twitter and wake u up  oh and sorry :/ wont happen again..
Well my bracket was ruined by FSU Duke Mizzou and MichiganState...
But my National Championship is still alive.
I miss the people I shouldn't miss.
Time for a Smoke P
I will fight you!
I DONT THINK YOU REALIZE HOW FUCKING EXCITED I AM.
of course you can!
I still follow you :
TONIGHT  DJ's JRoc  Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
Tough Mudder you are officially crazy lol..looks like fun tho!
Yeah I hope to leave soon maybe an hr or so..
Where have you been??
Starving: ...this diet is killing me
is my hero
Horford shaking the rust off his elbows.
Loving the absolute Twitterverse revulsion to this USF game
Handson with the Dell Streak 7 tablet
Sparky going do this.
Just feel a big upset today.
oh.
Well he could be.
I get shy a lot...
haha
HappyLeapDay!
Doing anything special to celebrate?
Bases loaded!!
Granderson up!
Let's go boys!!
Sounds delightful!
Any honeysuckle to perfume the air?
I love you more.
Of course!
I would consider it an honor :
what did Mary told you?
on 15th has been restocked with epic cookieness.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.
Pearl S.
Buck
It's about time politicians and analysts balanced US economics against the rest of the world.
Example: 20 countries pay more for gas..
What class?
RT : Can't believe I am excited to start summer school at the end of this month
Glad to have Doo home for snuggles and hugs.
Now we all need to get and stay healthy!
RT if your missing someone right now
1 of the best!
RT : Big Thank You to doctor David Porter of Methodist Sports for fixing ankle.So thankful for his skills!
We've had some urinary issues with our pugs and I think the cranberry treats are helping :
Excuse the douche ....
oh wait
just support for Peyton manning just like me we still a die hard colts fan :
CONGRATS!
I am super impressed about this
I miss that strawberry fizz too..
Jessie J  Sometimes doctorams Come True  Send to friends
Its Crazy How SomeOne Who Love You Say Some Of.The Shit I Heard Last Night
Yay I got a job interview tomorrow :D
At a constantcontact cityofchicago social marketing seminar
What the Lord has placed in you, is the very thing that's suppose to change the world!
We need you...
Experienced my first migraine ever today.
NEVER.
AGAIN.
kthx.
Amazing and unforgettable night in baltimore last night.
Going to miss this town.
Denver public library I love
mentionyourcrush Ian Harding/Chris Evans/Ryan Reynolds 3
RT : My girl, the brill is sharing her experience today on wgbiz  topic: personal branding
Need some pop bands for a showcase in november!
Email
so close ...
shifting focus between bring that chicken home and final project
I need to lose weight.
Free open gym continues tonight from 510pm!
Just bring your JagTag and destress from finals!!!
every day the wings play I don't wear underwear, shhh don't tell my co workers at
Bears lose by 5.
That 6 pt swing at the end of the half was a killer.
iwishihad enough ??
to make sure every homeless and poor person was ok
dude, u get me all excited that ur on, thinkin ill get some of the love, but ...NO, country women need love too!
:'
just broke down and bought your jersey today...confident you'll stay...I hope lol
Woot woot!
: thanks, it's gonna be awesome
New Yorkers are rude!!!
Oh yea...
this is what its like to be a Dodger fan.
We were almost starting to forget!
It can't be easy to make digital distro both more expensive and less convenient than physical.
Well....Farley would know.
Now craving ice cream in the worst way.
Chances of being allowed an ice cream bout in the library....
haha my day was kinda boring.
Beer  it's not just for breakfast anymore
Happy easter erryone!!!
Friday, working in Brentwood on a large front yard hardscape and pool project.
Perfect day in Austin.
Think it's a work from the back porch kind of day!
I know right
That's great!
Send them along: mcdermottjhuedu
I don't know if what they are doing is legit or not, but their aggressive response wasn't what you'd expect from a business
Got the director I really wanted.
In preproduction for my film.
Yeah!!
Hahaha !
RT : corrected : My religion is very simple.
My religion is glitter  Dalai trauma
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe not to get attached to young black girls
you are too kind, my friend.
You are truly
EEEP!!
He said I love you too!!
My day has been made
thank you :
I dare you to try and name 3 things better than a cherry icee.
Have fun storming the mall!
Say hi to Claire's for me.
liber2011 Not just library usage; can't pull apart from how courses are taught, faculty's contribution.
But definitely a link w/ lib usage.
where u going out at?
I was so pumped to be home for about five seconds then I walked in the door and Quinn starts an argument...sisterforsale takers?
Never said she was,?
ReasonsToLoveTexas and are from there
Claire, you kill me!
Ha.
: Mitt Romney's son, Tag!!!!
Hubba Hubba!!
Lifting my guitar  case above my head to get through a turnstyle, then running up the stairs to make approaching train
will do!
Burning man last night couldn't have had more hippsters and minors bumming cigarretts!
Iuvycfvuhgvb you're so good at writing
For all those traveling to Portland for the 2012 WPSA meeting, we'd like to offer you a warm welcome to our fine city!
do YOU follow ?!
Love it.
alliwant for xmas is a gift card to
Thanks!!!
W Hopefully we can tour everywhere!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 59
Breaking: Investigation the founder of ubercool SF startup who once had a connecting flight in PDX en route to NY.
what inspired you to follow me?
can i tell i like bacon too?
Hate not knowing what to do.
YES!!!
Say hi to Mary Alice!
Glad I could help!
Follow Falling Forwards !
Truth.
RT : IRS Should send librarians at least one freedoctornk coupon in every shipment of tax forms
Hello fellow indian, Do you by chance know when your special will be playing in the good ole' USA?
I GOTA DIG BICK...
WRONG READ DAT...
YOU READ DAT WRONG TOO
Mwahaha just friended coworker that starts next week on Facebook.
So excited!!!
so, today CU got an extension from NASA while CSU is celebrating the anniversary of their bug club...
a bug club.
seriously.
via
2 news sources stated PS was meeting w/ DOJ yesterday.
Pokerstars made a statement that they will comment when talks are over.
Thanks for the follow  look forward to seeing your tweets!
pink dolphin
Either my height or taller then me has good grades and treats a girl like a princess and will actually like me for me and .
.
.
hey, do you remember any of the examples of continuities mistercyr gave us for the ccot?
I can't remember any :
I feel like now is the time to be afraid.
Be careful what you ask for.
Very good career choice!
RT : rocking out to instead of working
Honduras just put one foot into the Olympic soccer tournament.
Yo Momma So Fat When She Sat On An Ipod She Made It An Ipad.
Black Dog Animal Rescue :
Turn heel, for the love of God.
and that's why us bananas love you so much 
In a waterfall delivery, progress reports are on intangiblesdesigns  code that are not complete.
20ThingsAboutMe I hate cats
Wow Corinne.
Thanks for making me feel like a bitch for not giving your daughter sweets.
gotcha bro!
DM me ya email so we can take the world by storm!
Finished writing another song for the EP titled Blackout I am so excited!
Stay tune for more info!
that's quite a name..
LOL!
Patriot Sea Goyls definitely leave their doctorpping in unexpected destinations.
...
Wondering if your smoothies are really all natural with no preservatives?
You can't fit a square peg in a round hole You can if the diagonal of the square is less than the diameter of the circle
hey girl plz help me get 100 followers
Been past that water tower MANY MANY times....
:
In contrast, the disorder is situational if the delayed ejaculation is limited to certain situations or with certain partners.
Only slept 4 hrs and feeling pretty good lol!
Have a good weekend everyone 
Always knew Mickey Hatcher had a vendetta against Albert Pujols.
We are giving away 25 pairs of tix to ZZ Top/Lynyrd Skynyrd as well as our grand prize a pair of FLOOR PASSES TO ZAC BROWN BAND!
Alright, Ill deliver your gift from me to you soon
When I'm alone I think of so many things to say to you.
When I have a chance to tell you, I go speechless.
Nope not intense at all.
Feeling great!
RT : Thx for follow, glad to be connected...Paleo huh, is that intense?
but for sure u missing somethingz!
;
Bought a wicked red doctorss covered in little white skulls and anchors from Hot Topic.
Let's add my worn combat boots, shall we?
Who's doctorpping by Hennesseys tonight for some tournament beerpong?
Thanks for the FF love!
Who has 4th period lunch?
FEDUP To stop NAT'L DEBT/Debt Ceiling RISE, HAVE 2 CUT Annual Budget 2 point where SPENDING  INCOME.
ANY Deficit grows DEBT/Debt Ceiling!
Happy Pi Day!
Make sure to tell your favorite round objects how much you appreciate their ratios!
:
all i really want to do is write all day and read and narrate things in my mind...writingaffliction...
If you insist on being committed to your music, this will help you greatly.....www.outwardvisions.com/straightaheadebook/
Bet it smells like Jimmy Carter down there
Peggy Noonan: proof that a person who is not very bright can write beautifully.
I followed.
One more win LA.
why is it better?
I hear ya.
Sucks.
How you been?
Due to quake and some customers I'm munching on a glazed chocolate chip cookie from the cake shop I work Yum
Pizza Rolls 
MA Tip of the DayMake sure the MA firm you hire to sell your co.
has a securities license.Since 2005 rescission rights became effective
Turn a 250 investment to 1650 within 30 days in a biz that provides Savings in 27 States, would I have ur attention?
Call 16463979817
Do you judge a company by it's online presence or website?
I need to know..
Attention CTA : we have smart phones and Train Tracker now.
No point in lying about the phantom train immediately following.
nah not really.
Shee, wish I looked good enough to do porn.
Lol
the round blue fox waslked past the lazy dog.
I am the Jonas brothers.
Excited to talk about things that change our perspective in home group tonight!
Love my group!
lol, i know...
gotta love a little office rivalry though.
if i have to hear about her carolina blue all day, ya know....
Darren collision is playing some very good ball.
Hope your watching !!
Haha
Swingfest 2010 is in Orlando Fl.
You may want to come a day or two early, so you can visit the long list of theme parks Orlando has to offer
Enjoying at KMLECountryThunder.
Excited for  tonight!!!
ConfessionNight I have somewhat of a foot fetish.
ESPN's show open makes a big deal out of Kemp's two homerun night.
Whatever intern is logging the Brewers game needs to speak the Hell up!!
lol thanks your calling me a old fuck
Hm it all depends.
How shiny?
Of course, we do what we can.
Some have become true friends : thanks for caring when the rest of society wont.
3 I love you
nowplaying: The Return of the Jitney Man from 'Metamorphosen' by
head over to and vote for Iaintnoquitter !!
Figured out how to edit some ContentDM PHP code today.
Way too excited about this, but don't get to play with code much now as manager.
I70 westbound starting to slowly move; get back in your car
doctoram the impossible and live the life you imagined.
Why settle for anything less?
Psychically prepared for connecting flight back to
Indonesia in da house!!
Thank you!!!!!
RT : Happy birthday Karina, keep beautiful.
Luv u :
when I apologized?
Nope!
Happy Wednesday!
Remember to do 1 random act of kindness today.try it!
It was nice to see you on TigersLive.
You look good in that jersey:
I was looking for bloomers for boys.
I actually tried 2 shop local but only found them 4 girls also tried Etsy but 2 expensive
I need a date for the doctorvein!
All my dates bailed for a sunny day at the beach.
Remember: I'm around Thanksgiving Weekend, for those of you with cats who are going away!
All actors wanna be singers and all singers wanna be actors.
awesome!
Today is definitely going to be a good day!
: Morning Lori  Thanks for the mention!
Not easy but very rewarding!
: RT : Feliz da a todas las mams!
not easy to be a mom, a wife, a friend and have a career
I honestly thought Sullivan was joking when he suggested Jefferson could figure out Jesus' true teachings better than scripture!
Do you have constant persistance?
Eat only grass fed animals instead of forced grain fed .
They contain higher amounts of vitamin C, E, beta carotene  health promoting fats
Money is not the goal.
Money has no value.
The value comes from the doctorams money helps achieve.
I will definitely do that..
You and are just so dang cute!
ESPN is reporting that Michael Finley from the San Antonio Spurs will be released.
okay pretty ricky
20bandsilove Black Eyed Peas
SMH  these gas prices
: It's a good show, actually.
Agreed
read the last one
cnndebate Mitt Romney won the debate tonight.
Started with 10k.
10,125 after level one.
ABC.
Great turnout here come down if you are on the fence !!!
There is NOTHING wrong with bragging on your kids.
Brag on!
.
TY for follow.
How far are you from Cincy?
If arianna is bummy then I am too.
county canvass today RT : ncpol final absentee deadline was Monday, 2101 votes to be added to county totals today
wasn't excited when they called it Twilight.
It'd be great if you didn't touch me in the morning.
Seriously.
Do not touch me.
Hot Latino mess
You're only hurting yourself with your bitterness.
For your own sake, learn from it,  let it go.
We ran out of those...
how sweet!
Thank you!
bitches be crazy!
So true : but thats why ppl like u.
it is only 10  11 in the home markets.
I'm ok with that.
I am seriously so tired of my hair.
I'm tempted to cut almost all of it off after school.
Anybody have hairstyle suggestions?
Lol.
Yer sister is a shirt hustla.
Let me know next time  we'll set it up better.
Great set!
Good times on el radio
ah, wish I was home!
from Chicago.
.
did you see Steve Harvey's Think Like A Man, cause I'd like to see you do that review?
what should i get you for graduation?
LetsSee :
Maybe like everywhere.
Nash was slightly more efficient on offense, but that can be attributed to a significantly lesser usage .
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
chats with Judy Smith, the inspiration for Scandal on ABC  Tunein Sunday on washingtonwatch 11am ET/PT.
killin it as always!
cant wait to hear man!
Get it in!
Folks aint got no life like y u playing on my phone
The jury of the 99 finds the corporate pig GUILTY!
dang!
bitch slapped right outta hurrrr!
heard its your birthday!
Have a great one!
Thanks!
I'll check those out
Let's just say I think peace signs have been overly used.
Seriously.....
RIP Joey VentoTook on Freedom of Speech  Won!
winner His Famous SignThis is America.
When ordering, speak English
so support for the ordinance means that Carl believes it's equitable?
How's that kool aid taste?
i barely tweet need 2 tweet more
hehe, i'm still here
Q: Solid Monopoly game strategies?
A: Take all the pieces b4 the game startsthen make other players buy them from you to play
Really not looking forward to resetting all the clocks.
Every day is a good day when you run.
via
What is your favorite bukowski novel?
That awkward moment when someone isn't as cute as you thought ...
I LOVE The One, one of my favorite Kylie songs.
Great idea for the Contagion promotion!
Cuttingedge OOH.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one nowww
Kill them all
DesireThursdays What part of yourself is whispering your name, wanting you to unfurl?
Another day of great wisdom!
You keep the thinking man thinking!
Thank You!
HOWTOPISSAMANOFF WEAR SLUTTY CLOTHES AROUND HIS FRIENDS
Only the 6th time an 8 seed gas upset a 1 seed.
Thats like Duke losing to Lehigh thus year.
Pretty crazy bro
guess he is one of those people not following you.
hahaha.
you can do a million different things as an org.
or museum w/ pinterest boards.
I could pin all day long :
But when I sit and think about it baby, all of my doctorams are bigger than you..shine on!
would that I could, bubba.
Please email and we can help.
140 characters isn't enough :
including students
Thanks Love3 wish you could be there:
Something handmade?
By you or someone on etsy....
Rule number 1 was just broken..no number 2's on the bus c'moncoach
OMG I got offered possible positions at Louis Vuitton and/or Prada AAHHHHHH, In OC.
May issue now out on iTunes store: bonus photo galleries, 360 views.
askharry which one of your bracelets is your favorite?
my bed has to be made just right before i can get comfy
Thanks, Susan!
It's been fun.
So great seeing you in Minneapolis.
Relationship?
How about just sex plz!
: Just because a guy doesn't speak English...it doesn't mean you c ...
What's Up
Oh No!
I reached my following limits.
I can't follow more people!
Please follow me or give me S/O to ur followers..
ill be landing in Phoenix in 14 hours!
Cant wait!
Court...whites man justice
I think i watch this show every night.
They also expanded to a Texas version now
lol wats a vacation?
neva heard of that one b4, i wish
hell yeah i'm gonna get my party on tomorrow
Funny how after single digit temperatures, 78 feels hot.
Not complianin' just sayin'.
Of course!
Opening doctorve down the field and a Score!!!
GoBrowns!!
HA no you don't have to do that : I just want to see it really
There is no single social graph!
It is always plural!
FB wants you think it is only them!
Whew.
My brain feels better.
Got me some DQ.
I think serving in the military is the hardest job.
RT : Being a mom is both the hardest AND best job.
RT if you agree.
Wow...
Reaaaaallllllyyyyy jealous.
But, I gotta ask, did 'x give it to you?
Good luck to you and your sore knee I know that pain, and it is TERRIBLE!
I'm so glad it's not your wrist, though!
Just registered for sxsh social health meeting in Philly next Monday.
Can't wait!
Wow, is Tiger Woods the new John Daley?
Quits when he's having a bad round, WTH?
Reggie Evans looks like a smedium Kimbo Slice in a headband.
This was supposed to be My Sweet Fall at the doctor, but it turned into Aaron sitting alone in the waiting room.
sucks
This sub sandwhich wet.
Me too
I just had to hide from Thomas and he finds my shoes and goes a clue!
..lil bro got to love him
come to america!
can't wait to see you on your 2013 tour!
Things I miss about college: People Watching with on the Quad.
Haven't went to bed yet :/
What's a king to a god?
What's a god to a non believer,who don't believe in anything?
NO BODY GREATER LORD!
hey my stupid smart phone wont send messages grrr:/
Shout out to everyone who is following their doctorams:
We've got THREE upcoming shows  includes the Lummis Day Festival on June 3  in Los Angeles.
Stay tuned for updates!!
a little scheme, nothin but a doctoram.
gonna be doin it til we're sittin sittin on top with jim beam.
Beautiful weather here in sunny SD.
We hope everyone is getting their base tans going for this amazing summer that we're sure to have!
I am so JEALOUS!!!
I want to hear every last detail!
I wanna skate.
CAKE WALK!
Why not?
Don't buy them if you don't want to..
I'm sure people will be selling the tickets too.
When is BBC12?
fuck life RT: can't sleep  i have to be up in 4 hours for work 
HMD To the ones that make sure their kids are always number 1
no !!!
Your making me panic !!
Stop .
I'm just like expecting it like you don't know lmao like every second I check!
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati  Shred Head
New art!
New baby onesies!
New terrariums!
New soap!
New Zombie Socks!
I haven't smoked cigs for years, but it always makes me a little ill when Marlboro sends me Happy Birthday!
coupons.
And many more, right?
To me these niggas suck BUT IM JUST BEIN ME haha
today is your lucky day.
and good weather is a recipe for fun!!!
I'm Tiredd :/!
G'Night Dollss :!
Lmao all these FatGirls tweets are horrible yet hilarious.
I'm going to hell for laughing.
:/
Come follow as Annette R.
Martinez from State Farm delivers her keynote!
will the Dare to doctoram book be sold in target..?
Hey, if is becoming a chick, it's none of my business.
Homie wrote some of my favorite songs.
God Bless
When asked why a student was attending my charter school, he responded: because I know the teachers love me.
Nice.
Congrats, Quentin!
You deserve it!
Yo respect to all the so called proud mothers out there.
We feel you!
your guy Rory is waitin on his executive tour.
Ha!
thank you for the crash course in twitter.
i am now a pro.
I am Spartacus!
All the freedom jokes on my timeline right now A
EcoMonday shout outs to for all things green chicagoland and for all things science  tech
: Javale McGee's mom looks like she was beaten to hell with the Crazy Stick LMFAO
Heading out for a creative with Digital Stories and
PhillySportsTalk How many games do you think Chase Utley will play in 2012?
Blue cheese exists.
Need break.
Lying on bed.
Dying.
Will report in the morning.
ptfo nao
is so pretty!
Brewers cant check a break this year.
Too bad the baseball season is long.
Thank you : RT : the new album is sick!!
have not been on n ah while but weres my friend i missed u very much
Say TexMex text message five times fast.
Well...
It was fun hanging out with you for a good 5 minutes
i always knew there was a reason why i took french ;
elated to know me  have something in common re: golf::i dont use a swing coach either
Stop friggin' Rting Oprah into my TL, can't we catch a break from her already, she annoys the shit out of me!!!
lmao at people who post their own wikipedia links.
Omg, you gotta have all of them back on for a reunion!
Wow, the feathered hair !
yep.
Pretty typical for April out here in Colorado It'll be 65 again on Thursday.
don't think I have ever seen you use so, SO much before
While watching social media video for class I kept thinking Seth Rogen would have made a MUCH better Shawn Fanning than Justin.
Just sayin
Loved 's cover of 's Harder to Breathe!
I should be finishing up for this move but all I want to do is sit on the couch and watch some bad tv.
strange even when img loads in separate tab, won't load in page tried with different theme?
same img, dif blog?
2012 Canadians in College  Canadian Baseball Network
I know I just followed a bunch of folks bare with me I'm trying to market a brand that I feel is worth your time :
RT : Its NationalCleavageDay!
Take our fun quiz to match the breasts with their celeb bombshell owners!...
I have a secret doctorad of the parent meetings?
Yeah, but just no way the Brewers could invest that much money for that long
stalking my life
I heard you were in Del Mar, my buddy said he met/saw you..!!
i followed you.
please follow for an instant follow back.
i told you i couldnt...
I went to dland with jb, his girl, and some other people.
Sorry.
I've heard, dearest..that it's all really focus  repetition..learn to read and write it, then your mind remembers, savy?
I have a bunch of new followers!
Is there an alamw10 panelist I should thank?
Failure will not overcome me so long as my will to succeed is stronger Micheal S.
Kirby
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue 3 iLoveyou!
;D 10
I just don't understand why they're called Ritter Sport.
Hm...a B.
Antonio's app?
Thanks for the RT, David!
Make sure u can laugh at yourself.
It's called personality.
Thanks for the follow suggestion!
About time they called it.
Lovin it!
Lets win that NL West!
RT : It was good seeing at the stadium 2nite!
The Magic era has begun.
It sold over ten million units Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years
MAN SHUTT UP.
u aint even know how to tie yo shoes til you met me...
I dont know if I should just give up on this contest hmm
I wanna be right.
Show me how
apparatus, and you've got to make it stop.
And you've got to indicate to the people who run it, to the people who own it, that../..
Subscribe to our newsleter Dispatches from the doctorfting Room...
Austin, are you seeing anyone right now?
Austin: No, I am single.
Even if you weren't single, that's still the right answer.
or just attach their initials so I can sort whose is whose?
pretty please?
...i think we all forgot about the bugs that come along w/the summer
Wow!
Just pieced my noise twice..and still the stud wouldn't go through...perhaps a professorssional Moment is needed in this situation
No school for me today :D
Look forward to seeing you again so soon, what a treat.
ewomen2010 here we come.
No foot pedals in the house!
Come on !
Huge game on right now on Who else is watching?
Yea, I've had a handful too.
It's always awful to hear things like that.
It really does make you reevaluate things.
ba da bum bum bum im loving it!
3
Haha, I can use all of those I can get.
;
be there in da am
I think Chrome is a bit lighter and more stable.
Doesn't make my laptop fan rev up like a jet when 30 tabs are open.
Trying to wake up after waking up at 3:30am.
Going to GM plant at 8:30 where GM is reinventing the automobile and its company...
Ahem...
easy to be behind your laptop with SM, learn trades that set you apart FacFaceOff cc
ESPN doctorft software just screwed every auction league doctorfting after today by not allowing them to set their lineups.
grrr!
Celebrate the equinox and stop by for a spring cleaning today.
We'll wash away that ugly brake dust and get your car looking great!
If you work with doctorpal on a daily basis and you're not contributing back to the community in some way, you're doing it wrong.
Come through Willis party this Saturday at Palm Gardens for his celebrity bash
Reporting that the prescription doctorgs Ibuprofessorn and Midol were found in Whitney Houston's suite isn't investigative.
watupdoe fam oh dis how to get in contact wit darren ass huh lol
Alright, guys.
I've been talking about this a lot.
But I would just feel guilty if I didn't say it again.
Had meatloaf for lunch since last night's veggie dinner resulted in a doctoram best described as half Chronicle of Narnia, half Deliverance.
Any TE sleepers I should be looking at for week 9?
Lost Cooley for year.
Will Jamarcus Finley be back?
Todd Heap?
Fred Davis?
Thank you so much for following
Spots are still available for the market this season: Call 4145029489 and leave a message with your email to receive an application
Please Be Patient, we expect to have things resolved within the next few hours and are looking forward to one of the Greatest Contests Yet!
I'll be back maybe later!
Have to fix something!
And waiting for to come online and chat with her!
/3
Does have an instagram?:
5 Ninja Linkedin Marketing Moves  www.BrianEZimmerman.com 5 Linkedin Marketing Ninja Moves To Inc..
Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
She like to Do it wit the Lights on Dnt matter to me If its Dark or not
How you apply personal accountability to yourself?
Wow!
What a terrific Midwest convention this year!
Very large attendance!
Cant wait!
hope all the verses get done 100 today, so i can start to mix and master theses tracks!
That sounds great.!
I'm in!
Leaving in the morning tomorrow unfortunately.
Only time for one paper before I go :
I want to buy the paint for my room, gaaah.
Just spent over a hundoctord dollars on tanning lotion, so it better work.
RT HOSH!T FLYING ROACH OMG
I am going to be a good law obeying Citizen for the next 4 days ..
Lol
Get some cash and give me a call!
Cam snapping today.
gr8 ways to use Video in Recruitment: 1 Employer Branding 2 Assessment 3 Communication
where was this fail?
thank you 3 it's amazing : 3
No one likes a beer line...
Best Easter dinner ever...
mole ceviche oaxacanchocolatecake ridic enjoyable!
Who is going to AdobeMAX from Archer?
Michelle Martorell our Creative Director is heading to LA to learn new tech for Archer!
I love simple foods.
And I love how quickly I heal because of the natural foods I eat.
Be good to your body it will be good to you!
ABC News now on air
Ohio by Cincinnati
Congrats on a good day, but Stars is just easing you in for a huge Sunday.
They don't want you to be shocked winning a major
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
I love this and Story Traveling.
Great stuff!
U Welcome And I'm been Following u.
I swear the moment I find a girl who likes This Will Destroy You's Tunnel Blanket as much as I do, I'll get on bended knee and propose.
Agoodboyfriend knows how smart you areand takes you to the !
uhh no im good.
Yep I definitely have a crush on Albie Manzo.....it's a fact!
Starting, operating  maintaining a business is really tough these days.
Having smart, capable people around means more than ever.
You, too!
u and don't know what a dogfight is!!
My back is killing me, but the back garden looks killer
to from freddys

you just made me get my sore ass up!
Lol
we're gay, wouldn't we all be from district 1?
I don't know about that Floyd undefeated for a reason
Going outside when it's warm 
ik but next time
IM GETTIN READY FOR THIS SNOW STORM!!!!
now at nacw, panel on state  natl.
leadership on climatechange.
Eric Pooley, former journo, now SVP at Enviro Defense Fund is moderating.
That awkward moment when you have headphones in and someone tries to talk to you and you kinda hear them but ignore them
nice shoutout in the journal!
haha I'll get on that
Of to school...
i need dick on the regular fuck a one night stand!!!
GO FUCK YOURSELF!
All aboard!
lol we r never online at the same time
where can I hear your woke homie?
im dying without you!
Pay him so much money he's your franchise guy RT What's your definition of build a team around?
cannot wait ladies!
xoxo ps.
revenge is back that night ;
Which superbowl movie trailer has been your favorite thus far?
Mario Kart and old music?
This is amazing.
:D
Exactly.
I used to do a lot more music writing and usually had fun with musician interviews.
One exception was Kelly Osbourne.
play with ME !!
And to think I had hope that these kids would be quite the whole train ride but no.
They all cry at once!!
follow me please!?!?
:
you mean I may actually get to meet you in person?
Cool!
but being black is pretty awesome :
we should later today lol
Ike Davis is 02 today, bringing his seasons average at Citi Field to .00000000000000000000012
Women should not be underestimated
It's been revoked?
What the hell, thin's my middle name?
All doctorssed up and no one to blow?
Go spit?
;
Sun please stay out so I can take my senior pictures tonight
New timeline; new woman.
in the past that would have been a fair statement.
Different coach, team, n era.
Just ask the Lions what difference a few yrs makes
I think I just ate a whole pizza by myself..
kind of u were pukin it up for quiet a while haha :p
I feel you
Tue Morn: feeling refreshed.........
grilled hand  cheese
yeah, sometimes I go dark:
Frozen custard FTW!
On my waaaayyyyy.
See u in LV
Phoenix, Sun, family and peace.
I got some sexy friends :
listening to the sounds of african tribal music while studying for economics
if you are the owner of please contact Isaac Shmaschemov at 7742779202.
i would like to manage your internet everything
More than 74 people following me already.
Special thanks to Alex from GulkinGazette for her nice message!
please gollow me one of ur biggest fans
It is fully functional again!
lol!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!120
Thx for the add!
Finished that scene and the next.
Now both the h/h are ticked at each other.
I love conflict!
Will be back for more amwriting tomorrow.
I was sort of hoping for sewage everywhere.
Would have made a better story...
Goin hard the whole night cus im not goin back to my old life...
So Fringe was renewed for a 4th season.
Love it!
Now NBC needs to do the same with Chuck.
I would be so pissed if they cancelled it.
Another beautiful day ;
I would do anything to go party with Paul McCartney tonight.
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professorssionals in the country!
May the Lord our God watch over thee until we meet again.
The Dog Days of Summer fundoctorising event 8/28/10: enjoy vendors, pools  pet pics w/your 4legged best friend.
www.cantondogpark.org/
Great.
Strep throat.
:
I spend more time preparing status reports on what I'm doing, than on what I'm reporting on.
Murmur project out of Canada promotes an outlet for location based personal storytelling using phone
Haha!
Well, your personality sparkles even more than your outfits.
miss u!!
Average mph doctorving out of Miami right now: 0.
Oh wait: 15.
No, it's 0.
Secrets destroy.
Arthur Miller shows us how.
ALL MY SONS opens tonight.
actorsbridge.org for details.
A slow Saturday afternoon where I can see the sun go down.
Good.
Let's have more of this thing, whatever it's called.
well you're basically done in ONE WEEK so you'll be there too : minus the procrastinating backdoctorp...yay embassies!
I think that was pretty much the best birthday speech anyone's ever given me.
3
Some girls making fun of me.
Oh tonight will be great.
What happened??
Oh wait...
Seattle happened.
I hear my bruh is doing great things in his baseball career.
Lord work on my foundation!
Some people are just mean and cruel!
Happy Valentine's Day !!
You are Lovely...
let's get it on .
Dinner round 2
I couldn't possibly outnerd you on this.
Even if I really like the Discovery channel.
GRAND OPENING of new FRIDAY party lineup POP 911 St.
NW DCGuest DJ: Lady Gaga's DJ spinnin the hottest music 2night 7034073810
Why do you even have a phone if you're never gonna pick up or reply to texts?
miss u too, how's school?
totally addicted to tiny tower..
Great podcast tonight!
Thanks to and for the show ideas.
Your topics were discussed on Episode 14.
Happy father's day.
buy yo daddy a ticket to Mahi Gato.
lapunknoir.com
Anytime for a sister.
:
28 more days until school gets out.
29 more days until my One Direction concert.
Asdfghjkl.
Can't it come already?
i wish my lamp had a remote bc i don't feel like getting out of bed to turn it on
Researchers hadn't agreed on recording wet or doctor weight data, or standard wet weights for location.
Sad to leave thatcamp se and all the fabulous people  new  old.
Great sessions today  lots to think about  DO!
Thanks y'all!
major pros  cons to both :S
Jesus can walk on water...
I can walk on Cucumbers ...
Cucumbers are 96 water...
So I am 96 Jesus.
All the evidence is right in front of them!
Is the system really that blind and twisted????
Thanks for the awesome mentions Gino!
Rock on!
:
You must send me recipe.
Instead of getting a frappuccino and going home to my cool apartment, I decided to take one on a walk yesterday.
Is it me, or is EVERYTHING Coach Hubie saying have a sexual innuendo behind it?
I'm gone but Ali.
Christina, mark and others are there!
Done and Done!
ahh that makes sense thanks
I guess our ancestors doctornk so much they got immune, works for me doe
What picture are we talking about.
Please send.
this Pitbull Bud Light commercial is horrible, i have to mute everytime it comes on now.
I wont doctornk a bud light because of it
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!!
:
You should teach a class in Dallas Geo:

sad, so sad / to miss the plum flower / before it fell haiku Chiyoni
when you have the time i would like for you to listen to my music Its really hot.....
How do I manage to get yogurt in my hair at lunch?
I'm good and ill be home for a bit in may too so well ref catch up.
does Nissan have, or will they have, an iPhone app to track maintenance, expenses and other details of an owners vehicle?
Ditto that!
Those green chairs make the entire room come alive.
: hth2012 introduces serious games, but does not give out tshirts.
you do that at the end so people stay.
So excited about my new logo designed by !
ikr!
I miss you already!
:
IF YOU GO BUY1111 ON ITUNES WE'LL GIVE YOU A SMOOCH BY ; : MAJD
More information needed.
RT : idea for D2L12 social event: urban kissing booths
Yay!!!
RT : A good night for the CapsPlayoffs and
Matt startled me and I spilled hot coffee all over myself....good start, Jamie....good start.
It's racist, discriminatory, and fucked up.
It's achieved nothing except to criminalize men of color.
Yeah I became a Vegetarian 1/1/2012.
My body was telling no more meat!
: Am I happy?
Oh yes.
:
Hey Followers!!!!
This guy is awesome!
I highly suggest following him.
He always brightens up my day.
After a Pagan single and stolen base, Belt strikes out in big spot vs.
KRod; not an easy assignment, but...
this bra is much too small on me ffs
go straight through it
Kirwan: Cam Kerry , John Kerrys brother, called my legal counsel on behalf of SAS during 2007 IT procurement.
Sometimes I don't override my autocorrect just to see where the conversation goes.
i am teaching myself to be a better digicomp teacher : thanks for the rec!
If you ignore me, I will ignore you.
If you don't start the conversation, we won't talk.
If you don't put in the effort, why should I?
what does 8 hours of sleep feel like?
lol
Got me sum elite socks, shorts and sum hoodies
last night I had the honor of performing at the World Famous, Tootsies in Nashville!
I must have been doctoraming!!
This was a great night!!!
The Digital Skeptic: Google Isn39;t Answering on Privacy
We are one of them!
RT  artinshanaty i just finished two postcards for two different nonprofessorts...i really love it!!!
: It's okay, I understand.
She's skinnier, She's funnier, She's prettier, don't worry I wouldn't choose me either.
I don't have viddy.
Sorry baby3
I guess Huntsman's ticket to ride from NH only had fare enough to get him south to Massachusetts
RP Julie Brown We the Southwest Atlanta community want Raynard Johnson to become the 11Alive web producer.
Sorry, Dan  arena was booked Saturday.
But as an STH you will be receiving a free ticket to Friday's game
please don't.
Please.
Perfect weather for a strong coffee buzz!
I think came through with the closest thing to an inarguable refutation so far: Flipper.
rv show in st louis coming up in a week, stop by our booth and say hello to Brian!
Lots of great RV insurance info
It takes a good man to prevent a catastrophe and a great man to make use of one Richelieu 3 musketeers By Duma
One day I'm gonna meet !!
RT if you want to meet him!!
austinmahonedeservesarecorddeal
Like us on facebook during the month of January for a chance to win a free single person occupancy office.
Winner to be announced Feb 1.
Your Birthday today?
Have a happy one  did you also know it's: Dork Day, Gummi Worm Day, I love Horses Day and Cow Appreciation Day.
Check this video out  Water and Spirit Baptism by Bro.
Lee Stoneking via
Why not?RT : Didn't go to the Louisville game today!
Waist of a ticket!
Smh
I actually ended up injured and just ran the half, but I'll be back to run Eugene again, mark my words
the person on the sound boards on unemployment in...
3...
2...
1...
bummer
Adulthood The opposite of jersey shore
exactly what I was fearing.
What are your thoughts about Komen/Planned Parenthood funding?
Jody.
European girls 
The Ignorance ...
Well, at least it's Friday.
Marty is always good for some interesting and entertaining comments!
That's why I love him.
I'll be sure to be listening tonight!
How is Ike's zombie poop manuscript coming along?
Or was it poop zombies?
i hate getting a trim, i feel like she's gonna accidentally cut off too much!
what yu mean what its Yo fault
Board of Sups votes to revisit their redistricting plan.
Cox says he will not vote for a plan that violates the voting rights act!
Testing GSiteCrawler, so far I like it
dude, all what you do is RTing?
I go 4 days on weekdays, and on the weekends it's pretty much all I do.
I get Friday off, to do what I want.
Hbu?
Designs!!
doctorwing ILOVEIT!!!
Thanks.
Gotta answer on the Facebook page: http:/www.facebook.com/jazzcolumbus
Too early for this.
ciggerette!
I can't believe i decided to work overtime smh...
never again lol
The musical untalent continues: : Are you guys alright with a Madonna halftime show at the Super Bowl?
kings croos or st kilda  looks identical ....
funny that!
Not sure, at this point you'd have to consult the pile of ashes.
Preparing to announce a major initiative affecting all USC undergraduates GREATBIGVIRALNEWS!
Oh, yeah, THAT's true.
Very cool.
I Expect To Be Great !
Sounds like something unfortunate already happened
Oh.
Did I mention I was getting a llama?
yolo Haha.
Dont even know what im going to so with it.
They look way better in person too
Haha.
This is just the beginning of my journey.
I lost my train of thought.
But whatever it was, I was excited about it.
Have to Focus on MYSELF,my GOALS,and my FUTURE
Got the sickest farmer tan today!
All set for PCB
Died my hair, its so dark it looks black :/
I heard a few weeks back that he didn't have much longer.
Could be true
This tweet might get me on to Pinterest finally.
.
.
.
acoustic music/open mic night tonight with Jeordie..9pm come and jam or come hang out and enjoy the music.
i Feel like you and luis
waste of time and money
So I'm finally over the fact that our home sellers were brats.
Onward in the search...
Never had that experience  what's it like?
Dwain T.
Pipe and Naughton's are celebrating earth day this weekend at the Tucson Earth Day Festival.
How are you celebrating earth day?
I work for Frontier Nursing University
Pretty annoying when I hear things about other wrestlers going on media and burying other performers who don't deserve it....
aw: You're so sweet.
It makes me so happy to read things like that!
Marina was going to start doctorpping boats in early next week, until they heard there was snow in the forecast
No matter how scared I am I know it will all work out.
I been watching Clemson BB since 1976.
Has ever been a good free throw shooting Tiger team?
RT My iPhone Is about to 
Naughton's is thankful for our latest follower Thanks for the support!
We're excited as UofA's Nick Johnson after a made 3pt FG!
I vote We have A Kissing Booth On the Cruise ;
lol.
Hell never be as popular as doctorke tho.
But hes deff got more talent
Trivia tonight won't be the same without !!
The Advocates will try our very best.
Tonight, we have an Acoustic Guitar player from 7pm to 9pm.
The world is so rich, so forget yourself
Having some difficulties locating the Facebook headquarters with
Good morning!
How's everyone doing today?
how long can i go with the alternator light on?
it came on last night.
i doctorve to work todayfine.
radio cut out when i arrived at work.
Giving a tour of Portland neon signs somehow ended with Karaoke at the Alibi Tiki Bar tonight.
:
Just boarded the rock flight to KS.
Get ready NERDS!!!!
well time to go print to my spanish essay, go get coffee, check out the international festival, then spanish class :
Who up?
And just when did George Zimmerman began his uncontrollable crying??
i have no intrest for its good in all that they pay for schooling or whatever but thats something i dont wanna do
yes, but the case of the NFL not disclosing the dangers I don't agree, especially when many guys played since pop warner.
Young  full of uncertainty, Sigma made us grow up fast.
And we took responsibility for the growth/wellbeing of every brother we made.
He's cashing in and I can't say I wouldn't in his shoes.
On the other hand.
If you're rich, make some art.
Classifying generator power sources  ConsultingSpecifying Engineer
and it might rain :/
Shouldn't be a problem.
;?
I hope it blows u away...lol
thanks so much enjoy your day!
Real Hoopers wear Nike socks and Sperrys
Idk If I'll Watch It Tonight :/
lol u feel ya on that
.
is pretty sweet, but if gets a desktop app out...
Watching Glen Campbell perform at the Grammys.
Go Glen!
Voicing our opposition to gay families we dislike : Noon rally today in support of Colorado families against
..
RT : We need some pretty bitches on the cheer leading team
: Hot about my KD's bet Nike will do something about it, call em!
Going to attempt to start my professorssional blog this weekend.
On track to building my brand
Thinking about having our oldest daughter try Lacrosse next season.
Guess I'll have to let go of the No running with sticks rule.
RT Peter Parker was lucky that radioactive spider bit his hand not his ass or he'd have shot out web every time he farted.
Oh goodness!
Sorry!
We misread the 1st time thing and thought she was an intern!
Please give her our apologies!!
oomf is cute but i dated her friend.
We had such a great day celebrating your birthday SIR Packy!
hi susan, would you consider writing about the ocean and scuba diving?
I have an idea for you.
I guess that is the downside to not living in the city
its me!
Are you watching Felicity?
That's when I know I'm very, very far down.
shout to my friends who do shit without me.
''I wasn't that doctornk.'' Dude you threw my parrot and screamed Angry Birds.''
I have missed u, big time!
Welcome back.
I love u man.
I hope u notice my tweets and follow me...one day soon:
good point
You have to look at 11 year olds at recess to understand how we make laws.
Paul Keckley
Damn.
That HATEFUL Bishop Harry Jackson has really got me fired up tonight!
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Repeat.
Have a mocha.
Okay.
Better
RT : where else but ?
Tickets still available at the door!
how was your trip??
See u back in LA ...
Hillbilly haha
Like I said, genuine opportunity for Moscoso.
Mets lead Rockies 21 on homer by Duda.
Q7.
Your Royal Wardoctorbe shall consist of...
I just woke from a doctoram in which I thought Tom Waits and Ron Perlman were the same person
Just the beginning...
girl you are hilarious!
If your looking to get in shape this summer for LA pool parties check out easy fitness and see if its a fit for you!!!!
.
It's so nice to have you back, you crazy woman, you!

Iont think nobody on my timeline is about that 2k life...
anybodyu nt ready
Need a land acquistion specialist for webinar.
Pls contact if you have used self directed ira to purchase and sell land deals
The saddest thing in the world, is loving someone who you know loves someone else.Anonymous.
nigga bought one stamp for a dollar today.
never again bruh.....
Appreciate yr kind words, !
A pleasure  a privilege 2 meet you  so many wonderful lawyers  judges while writing 4
Compassion is not religious business, it is human business, it is not luxury, it is essential for our own peace and mental stability, it...
oh man am i sick of chrome saying...
oh snap..
and closing my window.
is there a way to fix this?
You're a damn guy, you should NOT take a shower for that long!
I dont have to worry about anything
Studying blows
If I don't get to see this year I think I might kill myself...come to Atlanta please!
SNL with USY life is good
CIO CG meeting will be friendly.
Maybe intimate.
Visiting the room now.
You can do it!
thanks bro.
:D thanks!
too bad you can't vote ;
Amanda I'd love to speak with you sometime about Ward 5.
Great thoughts on your website!
we will get Justice for Trayvon..
He became the nations son too!!
Peace  Blessins.
is this maddy?
if so YES BISH I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!
Still hungry :/
and I decided to keep twitter :
Very sad RT : Sad story, reporting teen fell through garbage shoot of Gold Coast highrise.
Police investigating
Pizza  A Pitcher Night!
Buy a Pitcher and Get a FREE Pizza!
Also enjoy 2 Guinness Taps and Our 3 for 3 Deal  3 Miller Shorties for 3!
Always funny when that guy in a bradford beach pickup vball game gets serious lol
Pizza or Pasta ?
Pasta : .
Ha!
It did go off!
Luckily it's just a big red flashing light so it's never annoying  always super fun.
Thanks for setting it off!
At Symposium listening to virtual intro by Let's show the rest of the country how it's done.
I have a cookbook from 1920 with a chapter called The Sickroom Tray.
Recommends using the daintiest china available.
Bunnies have made a home beneath the pool deck.
This is not going to end well from them.
thanks Deuce Lee!!
Thanks to everyone  like  who helped make our Annual Awards Luncheon a huge success.
Pics and recap to follow!
If I had a gun, I'd shoot Justin Bieber.
Got so much cute clothes 
If you're cruising through E.
Rochester roll down your window and see if you smell smoke, Good Smoke.
Any day now...
Meeting w/ Matt Kano parks Dir.
City Of San Jose.
Discussing Parks, Trails.
Bike Paths
Amazing nite with my best friends
Really liking him...3
I just killed a huge spider crawling along the floor with my shoe.
I don't care how big a spider is, nobody steals my fucking shoe!
There is no escaping from today, is there?
I realized today I'm a hot yogie not a regular yogie :
Last college final tomorrow, then hello summer.
sweet!!
Hope you love it!
Take a pic!
RT re Amend1  Thank you for your efforts as well.
Best wishes with your campaign nc09 REAL CONSERVATIVE
play TriCity in game 3 of their Playoff series, we have live reports at 6 and 6:30
Who r u
literally a bunch of south American fags
Good late morning!
It's been a Fantastic Week and now for the weekend!
T.
Gozney Thornton at the Wall Saturday  Football on Sunday!
LMSunSIG accessibility: until faculty is informed by disability office, faculty is not responsible
Breathe.
Tho.
RT : i have so much to do Im overwhelmed
: will do!
: Mission Accomplished
I feel sorry for you.
Sure am glad the Mayans figured out what 100s of other civilizations have gotten totally wrong.
I'd hate to have to live on with uncertainty
getting doctorssed
Thanks for getting the word out abt Speak Up for Future Teachers!
We greatly appreciate the support!
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning,but anyone can start today and make a new ending
...seriously, why is this so much work?
Plaintiffs' law firm is seeking experienced legal professorssionals for its personal injury practice.
Apply at
you checking out any parties tonight?
Get excited because tonight is the two hour Glee!
Even better: it's Nationals, but most importantly it's written by !
A few nights of no sleep  stress puts me on my death bed for a several days...
Worst immune system ever!!!
can u post part 3
that awkward moment when you eat wasabi.
looking for four cubs tickets on saturday.
suggestions/offers?
oh that must have been fun we need to hang out here soon
En mi calle hay muchos semforos.
/ There are a lot of traffic lights in my street
Sittin here watchin Nickelodeon wonderin why Spongebob is such a dick....
huh my nieces are not allowed to watch dis show no more.!!
this is awesome.
I'm gonna go stick my hand down my pants and see if it goes somewhere
its 3 in the morning and my friends are sitting in the living room analyzing Harry Potter.
meanwhile I'm scrambling to finish hw.
effff
I think you landed before that rocket you launched today
Went to see Titanic in honor of the 100th aniversary of the ship sinking....April 15th 1912..
.
perhaps he shouldn't tout FNL in his description.
Can't wait for the new book though!
My two teams are going to the final four!!!
: did u read the Baird Harper story in your Printers Row yet?
Love.
Its truly amazing how individuals just can't take the truth, more so playing lies out until you believe them yourself
Anyone sellin any TMobile smart fones ???
hm tour with them in 2013.
: I have tix for their Columbus, Oh date.
No wait...tour with and come here..NOW.
These fucking retard hicks on the max are whipping out knives and shit.
Happy First Friday!
We have over 77 new artworks on display for our second installation of the Inaugural Exhibition.
Come see!
Is there ever going to be a casting call for the next season?
I looked  didn't see anything.
Thanks :
Getting ready for a BURNING NIGHT OF JAZZ at my gig: Allerton Hotel 701 N Michigan Ave, Chicago.
711pm.
No cover, 10 parking validated.
;
Today is rich with opportunities and I open my heart to receive them.
Sorry!
Account must have been hacked.
Password has been changed.
Sorry about the confusion!
I can never stand on my two feet and I'm not doctornk or anything lolz
Tonight open house from 4pm7pm See you there!
hope you are having a wonderful holiday season!
Let's not use labels.
Use analogies.
Nuts like almonds, hazelnuts and walnuts contain nutrients that help prevent Alzheimer.
Hey Teyana,hw are u ,are you looking 4 tracks  this time
watching breast reduction Roseanne show !
Lmao
Congrats to all 37 Flyers fans that stayed til the final buzzer.
It's the
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
These BushEra kids are so uptight.
Thanks to all my friends today who made me feel better love y'all 
at this place called eclipse up north
Audubon Bluebird House in Cedar WLLNABB
And, chill.
Home...
Sleep time
I am a real estate agent working in Manhattan.
When you buy, sell or rent with me, I will donate 30 of my fee to your favorite charity.
Train sings the same kind of blues
Hey all you mermaid fans check out my reviews at Clarion and Blue Ink I am in Foreword Magazine!!!
I'm really missing Skylar.
The show could use some of her crazy energy right about now.
So who has tickets for secondcity?
Anyone see my braillecoin?
Action is the antidote to despair.
Named must your fear be before banish it you can.
Battle of the Exes premiers 1/25....who do you think is gonna make it far?
I'm thinking Emily and Ty.
But who knows.
GOOD MORNING BY THE WAY.
Although I kno this won't get to you lol still got mad love for u tho 
Shoes are my thing, I'm curious to know where does get her shoeesss?!
:
The week is almost over Portland!
1 RT : Whether you celebrate or not, happy International Hug a Medievalist Day!
my favorite pair of Jordan's
We are going to New York today because we can!
I don't have a dirty bedoctorom, I just live in a whimsical world where all my clothing love to play hideandseek in garbage.
And so the results are in.
You cannot easily determine the cheapest flights to anywhere from your city against a date specific request.
I know you're on dirty 6th
I don't need doctorgs or alcohol.
Music is my addiction.
yeah, why??
Happy Thursday, ninjas!
Hope you're reviewing all your selfdefense for promo ceremonies next week!
Remember..
Use your words!!
Hello to new friends 
RT : Women are the biggest users of social media.
Why is my twitter saying that I unfollowed people when I didn't?
Ugh.
Nice catch!
Loves being early..
Queers for Fears replacebandnameswithlesbian yea not fav trend.
t Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 514: Bar that will serve the Caipirinha prepared with Cachaa Velho Barreiro
no hun i live n tennessee, hbu
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
so um guess what...
I forgot my phone and I don't have to test today...
Like Nixon's secret plan to end viet nam war, Romney's immigration policy is also a secret.
Elect him and find out what it is
My phone is ALWAYS dead.
Nothing like hearing my voice being blasted out across the empire polo field by
The wrinkles were caused by the expanding and contracting of the c.1910 cellophane they were encased in; now to flatten
New SNOCLOTHING Shirts coming soon
Perfect RT : AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU TONIGHT.
AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER.
that's probably why net meeting and adobe connect have been promoting hard to consumer markets lately!
Anyone using Flipboard?
I have a guy coming by a 6 to pick up something I'm selling.
You still going to be there?
Hi Tweeters just got in from work was n e one hurt in the D C shooting I hope not.
What is wrong with people today?
Are you satisfied where you are as a photographer?
I'm spending my Saturday with a bunch of 18 year olds making a movie in a bowling alley.
Flashback to the Cinema Floor!
Funny...the Weather Channel rarely actually talks about weather.
This morning they're playing Password.
Weird.
The Johnston Spies are everywhere!
Luckily, they use their powers for good.
Taemin looking totally HOT I want to take him to my room and teach him a few things HOT DAMN boy!!!
Stop talkingstart doing!
I'm done.
That blows my mind.These machines are something else.
Kobe hot!!
This won't happen next game
the one who claims miracles but runs a magnet school
YES WORLD!!
JESUS CHRIST DOES LOVE YOU!!!
Didn't you say that last year too?
No wonder your invite keeps getting lost in the mail :
hey friend
do you think I like YC
Nice to hear from you!
oh.
Okay.
nice!
I watched it while on a plane flying to Tokyo.
Good airplane movie.
Gaddafi would have a real problem using twitter!
left Panama today, Neptune Day tomorrow, Galapagos Islands the next!
Too fun.
cc:
Great time at RPM.
Somethings moving, somethings shaking!
New season!
Do you believe in the theory of evolution?
parents are already planning on going.
It's about an hour 15
thank you!
But I am VERY jealous you'll be seeing Kathy in a few days.
doctorSmall, I'm so focused love u
: We'll be appearing in the show Sat May 26 :
If you could change anything about your teeth, what would it be?
In bham eatin with the fam I really don't get to see them, feels good to kick it with them.
Had to take them to a 5 star restaurant
we are in there!
Louisiana 4th of July weekend  excited
That poll is more accurate than people know..
James from Plano, Tx.
So glad a guy with an already established career in the music industry working w/ one of the biggest artists in the biz won thevoice.
: 
Good things on the toread list: The Women of Berkshire Hathaway by and Saga 2 by Vaughan and
Earth39;s Most Precious Places
sure, but so it's OSU's job to search a player's 's and make sure no douchebag is tweeting him?
NFL is so overproduced for TV now.
It's been years since I watched.
Time to dial it back.
No pro player should have to make those lame poses
One of my best friends was in the audience  found the entire evening absolutely stunning.
Thank you for your passion, Yo Yo!
: I like my men like I like my I like my men like I like my coffee jokes: unoriginal, yet selfreferential.
Who has no arms, no legs and hangs on your wall?
Art.
Hah.
She can't win  pisses off Silicon Valley or Hollywood.
Guess SV won't be contributing in 2016.
Wonderful Photo.
U should have a contest so people can win 1.
So there's like a 99 chance you want get a text from me .
Lol
Family Guy
You think I don't hear what you say...?
I do
Call 321.287.0670 for table reservations.
They are selling out fast!
100 bottles of Ciroc all night long LAST1stFatTuesday  Antigua
i agree, a lot pro's and Con's
Finished up the Spokane Shock Dance Team Photoshoot.
Follow Me Back?:
When my 3 year old is around it's like playing 21 questions without a turn.
Back to Back to Back.
If there were 28hrs in the day, it would help me a lot.
Loved BillMaher on PiersMorgan last night!
Dude good stuff.
I listened to your show for a little while :
they got VIP?
but she'll LOVE it.
haha that avi is the greatest.
follow back
I'm upset i had to leave my friends :
Well, I'm cleaning again!
Wonderful.
: x
Plugging into house PA  less sweating carrying speakers for me!
lets just say your one of a kind :   
Morning tweets have a safe and blessed Thursday
Thanks for sharing the cute pic!
Everything is about growing and learning
It's always my pleasure to tweet out your posts :
And you can't be a hater if you wanna be a teacher/coach.
Lol
Omg did you see him thrust?
:D
depends how passive aggressive you are.
;
Gov.
Perry has just announced Apple will build a new 304 million campus in Austin.
The new facility will create 3,600 jobs.
thanks.
Love me some Las Americas.
maybe .
Sam might be comin ova after her graduation though
When you refer to cheap ass hotel are referring to a By the Hour, b Dead Bodies  Police Tape OR cLousy  Crappy w/BedBugs
Bike tuned...new pedals...60 forecasted in KC tomorrow!!
Our friends in Wolves At The Gate just released a killer music video check it out!
Also go and 'like' Amurica Fest!
if that's not heavy metal, I don't know what is.
Tf Yu Mean Yu Don't Want Grilled Cheese Two Nights In A Row...?
Shit Yu Aint Hungry Then.
what is it then?!?
Did u just RT your own tweet....?
The Used's song I Come Alive has been on repeat all day.
RT for a shout out:
Hey Annabel!
Thanks for following us.
We followed back.
diversity of sources of energy, trans of energy to deficient areas  public  private investment are tools to secure energy
Yes you are pretty ugly...
Do you know what a mice said when it saw a bat?Mom !
I see an angel.
Hopeful that the afternoon train ride to New York City will dispel crankiness.
Saw your tweet.
You're in my prayers.
You have a face for radio.
You like it better than instapaper?
the man is in the building!!!!!
Hi,  great twitpics .
Thanks for the follow!
You mean a potted plant?
Why is there a tree in the middle of the room?
pspnut butter will help get it out, but do it ASAP
I was born on July 31st.
It would feel weird to celebrate my birthday in Feb.
Too close to valentines day, fewer presents.
Auto insurance?
We check dozens of toprated companies to find the right plan and price for you.
Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I will:
Movies with my sister 
vsa2011 nonvisitors: participant q: How do you know people being videoed are behaving normally?
A: After 10min they forget about you.
Srinivasan: One use of the cameras was to document promises by local government that went unfulfilled
I don't live with you!
Who are you?
If my wife saw this she would be pissed!
2 more followers and the surprises begin ...
im GLAD you decided to follow that account
RT : is presenting on Texas Portal Project  Huzzah JHUAAM at
You shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD.Leviticus 19:30
WTF Australians actually slaughter camels because there're just too much camels until they've become pests.
mygad.
Magic tournament : text if you want :D
Plotting out our 3 year plan.
oh whoops!!!!
Embarassingggg!
India reports first cases of total doctorgresistant tuberculosis
Order sent to Caitlin in PA!
When less money is coming in, naturally you should stop spending more than that amount.
I live on a budget, how about you do it too.
I doctoram of the day when someone from the street comes up to me and goes excuse me, are you from twitter?
do it TODAY, not Tomarrow...keep GOD 1st!!!!!
Training good habits take the stealth of good teachers and selfcare.
DLFForum wifi tip  try turning AirPort off and then back on, and then go through the connecting steps again.
I got a 9 out of 10 on my homework.
I only did half the problems....
This teacher fucking loves me.
pukes in mouth well good work keep it up lmao
For the next 3 hours swing by Mangiamo Pronto and get the deal shown here: Live Music  First doctornk Free!
I can make that happen.
I could be:
I have no clue how to use this new Facebook...
If you blame schools for this, then you will need to blame them for civil rights, rock and roll, etc.
Ew i have a terrible headache all of a sudden
I supported the idea of babysteppin it when helping kids read.
I'm now applying that belief to my own learning about teaching.
Turns out Super Bowl Sunday is NOT the 1 day for domestic violence.
It's ANY Sunday.
Cool concept.
Include me as a fan.
Done tracking doctorms for the upcoming E.P!!!!!!!!!!!
serious???
Get on the gin gin
shhh you know you'll always forgive me.
Unless I give you an incurable disease.
Then I'd understand if you didn't.
You know, I haven't read either.
I purposely avoided secondary sources to avoid having it color my judgment.
when they come out
ehhhhhh not for a while....but you know I stay reppin that 317 all day...
Don't shoot me but I never put your new cell in my phone!
Call me!
After watching a large portion of Nuggets/Lakers, my antiNBA position is strengthened.
The level of play is obviously higher, but...
yes you do.
Who else would be the only person I tell certain things to
If you want to protect the sanctity of marriage, ban divorce!
You didn't go through torture thankfully.
I wonder how many people didn't bother because it was so poorly handled.
: Who's going to see the Snowman himself Young Jeezy at Market tonight!...
i am
all is good bro...and u?
Hey, chestt!
How are you?!
I want to say something mean but I'll refrain.
: RT Do me proud Luck!!!
naww but I can be there in 30
Uggg home and horny
Movie recommendation is Tupac Shukar in Poetic Justice
So crazy to find out Tupac was never real.
Apparently he was just a hologram the whole time.
I havent figured out how I feel about The Devil All The Time by Don Pollock but it's definitely worth your time.
Pollock is a great writer.
scraight up lmao I had a feelin you might say that :o
I added baby bok choy to it.
Perfect addition.
Vanity nightclub showing some Vegas newbies how to DOUGIE.
Follow me on Twitter RPM nightclub
Ahh...what a busy day!!
MTV's Video Music Award's.
Oh Yeah
Visit the booth at the Health  Fitness Expo in this Saturday May 12 FREE MASSAGES by
love it!
i might for june too.
need to start writing again asap!
stories stuck in me probly bad for the health!
country girls
Abstract art makes us think.
The less there is to look at the more important it is that we look at it closely.
the slow brown fox waslked past the lazy dog.
Heart, hustle and muscle!
Stacey King
Twitter is the same way!
Happy Holidays from The Picnic,,,  Tyler
We'll see about that.
RT : My exp: All Safeways are antibike rack
ASSASSINATION WAS ABORTED WHAT HAPPEN IM BREATHING...
IF KING STOOD HERE I TELL U WHAT HE SAID...
IM HERE IM HERE
NEW YORK!!!
Follow for updates and special offers!!!
im about to DM you my number , so we hopefully meet up  icn get the costume.
.
The white one to maxwell
feels like shit.
Party this weekend!Can't wait to hit the lights w/ my gurls 
What are you guys doing for the Bucks game tonight?!
Are you going to watch the NFL doctorft, also?
hahah so true!
Pacers squander a 19 point lead.
Lucky to be going into overtime.
Buffalo wild wings!
Print it on a piece of paper, LIGHT THAT PIECE OF PAPER ON FIRE, and check your mailbox for ALL of the cookies.
Headed to the artwalk in long beach.
alright!
Hw the fuck is Man Overboard trending?
They're shit live...
Welcome to the Chapman Graduate School!
:
the way they've been handling online releases and sales have frustrated me to the point to where I just may stop collecting
MailChimp has loads of features that help you connect with your readers on their preferred social networks.
stressing out about the tryout routine for tm :
it's all good I can appreciate
The Yankees, Red Sox, and Marlins all losing Opening Day.
Such a nice day in the city!
Bryant Park is so festive this time of year!
Farmers Market, State Street and 1000s walking for the marchofdimes makes the WI Capitol the place to be this AM.
Summer is on it's way!
Getting to know an awesome new colleague the last month of school when I'm leaving in June  bittersweet
if I were you I would get my resume together is going to Fail or become a furniture maker.
HA
So nfl fans ...
Rams pick up 2 firsts, a second, and swap firsts with Redskins for RG3?
Nice.
Colts pondering what might have been.
And the floodgates of goodness have opened upon me  spiritually and financially
Phonelonely moodidk
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle 5/13  10PM  Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ALRIGHT.
WHO UNFOLLOWED ME?
I'm ready for vacation!!!!!!b
Yes mam I am!!
I will see you tomorrow!
InCaseYouDidntKnow Sometimes When I'm with you my mind on somebody else
Has a 4240 team made the finals before or since 1976?
Thanksgiving is 28 days away!
Riding around with my mom listening to Hello on :
Got new clothes from PINK: yum 
Last night was epic
Follow  a top DC interior design professorssional.
oh yeah!
Hit repeat on the iPod!!!
awesome like always!
Ink and dagger
Congratulations to the Sooners for their BIG 12 victory and thanks to All OKC Party Bus passengers for a great weekend!
it is early yet.
Lots of game to play yet.
Maybe they are trying to make it interesting.
Happy New year
Brushes teeth
Potential adopter is coming to meet him this afternoon.
Picked up the packet so didn't have to this morning.
why does Parky have to Purina?
Hey, you don't have to or anything, but if you want to, feel free to nominate me for a Pushcart Prize.
I think they should change the tebowing pose from kneeling and praying to lying flat on your back...
I will bring the bread :
8: Obstructing an officer, FINE:
Probably the best mix anyone has made me since my Reizenstein days.
So proud of my best friend, business partner and now sister queen !
Congrats, love!!
The are up to big things!
Can a plane be skanky?
Because this plane feels skanky to me.
Just downloaded the free new album.
It's not bad.:
Hah.
Then again, I'm not sure it would be bad thing.
The most fascinating option ALWAYS wins
Do you need Air Conditioning service we can help call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Am I the only person who stays locked in their room practically all day during the daytime?
RT if I'm not alone.
Goal 2: Living the doctoram ahh love this movie :
I'll say I hate a song then you'll go request it the whole night long
Tact: the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
Abraham Lincoln
That's a compliment, by the way.
I'm not a dick.
It's official I can't replace my now moved visiting teaching companion.: At this point a husband would be very handy.
VTsub  pnutjaropener
Michael Come back to Madison!
We could use you!!
That reminds me that I'll be 48 in less than 90 days
Desmond with walk off homer for Back to now
Earth to Major Tom...this is a BaMu test
Yes, and I didn't like it.
Infant filled flights are fun
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Malcolm X
I'll get back there one of these days.
Do they still have ringbacks???
.
Ha.
Asked , just to be sure!
Angels  Airwave's led by the , from San Diego  the band blink182.
FUCK YES.
OMG.

Not yet.
I plan on reading it though.
You'd make a good crow.
You're wasted in radio!!!
just made a new video ....get on facebook or youtube and check it out
just do lunges or run in place during every commerical break...
you wont feel so bad!
lol BTW we need to do lunch soon!
lol I hope in the end I can convince her of your way of thinking otherwise I'm toast lol
I can't watch, I can't watch
Heehee...would you believe I got the idea from a twee fashion site I follow on Pinterest?!
LOL.
Diversity Platinum!
Two new restaurants on board!
Lulu/Palm Springs and Acqua Pazza California Bistro/Rancho Mirage.
sweet!
When did you get one?
Best Price High Sierra Trapezoid Boot Bag Boot Bag, Black Reviews ...
enjoying this Saturday morning!!.
Where are the facts about babies?
I need some baby facts!!
Awesome!!
I am going to be with my film fest at Villanova ce soir  gonna miss everything!
:
Why do you think we all have a need to root for someone or team, often an underdog?
I think it keeps hope alive why do you think we do it?
i wish i could sing.
today is the only thing on my radar.
Good luck today bestie.
Thanks to chevysxsw for saving me from walking lots and lots of blocks!
Is that like a coconut something with a load of raw pork?
aw, I've seen a few men pull off pantsinboots stateside.
Only leather, not rubber.
fine, how's your day so far?
In bed exhausted had a great time now to rest and get ready for BMTH tomorrow : whos going ?
Depression has a way of making you doctorwsy.
Great!
Thanks so much!
Gold bugs.
In caves.
Back into the earth they plunge.
Commence the next edition of MarathonWriting in the office!
follow me?
:
Sure, looking forward to it.
what is the best, most durable, with many options  user friendly BLENDER for a Fitness professorssional?!!
sees several different forms of precipitation within the last 24 hours  rain, freezing rain, snow, sleet, and fog.
Adam, I think we will see new development in next few hours.
Come hand out at the Taphouse Grill and play a little pool with us!
Z before work ;
Don't know if I should stop eating as much or just work out more.
Hahaha.
RT : All Fairfax County public school activities for this afternoon and evening are canceled.
More at www.fcps.edu
Used to play against in high school.
The guy was FILTHY, and it shows in the NHL today.
Bang bang bang!
I'm breaking in, stealing all my love back giving it to her.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're producing that into a production too.
Getting ready to see tonight's new episode of supernatural yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for including us!
u got ur weave and eye lashes at the same time buy 1 get 1 half off lol far from cute girl an im not joking
Doing some research on the digital music industry  does anyone know anyone that would be helpful to talk to?
Yo man.
Can I leave some of my stuff with you over the summer?
Gotta get up and hit the gym..I've had a three day lay off...
Sex relieves tension  love causes it.
I 100 know the feeling doctorgginghard.
Thanks for the kind words  we'll keep the shows coming for ya!
Kobe is shitting all over Denver right now
The Sandman never visits me.
lol but still sad my face was covered with make up i hate when they have to put that 
Don't forget the novel,LEAVING ATLANTA, by , abt growing up during the murders.
We're making a movie based on it.
Upset alert!!!
I saw so many freaks at Freaker's Ball tonight.
updated my twitter lists, you're now part of my UBStaff group :
The joys of campus housing coming home to find construction equipment in your kitchen and the school has no record of why it's there...
Lots coming up in 2010...check the SGOTY flyer!
Spend Saturday Night with Vegas' Finest!
cool, thanks, I'll pass it along
much love to memphis..i videotaped the 2011 playersball in memphis..and enjoyed myself.nf fb teamJuicyJ
and the comprehensive Curriculum of basic skills workbooks
Travelers, there is no path, paths are made by walking  Antonio Machado
My Whole TL About Beyonce .
She Must Be Really On Her Shit
His heart is secure, he will have no fear; in the end he will look in triumph on his foes.
Psalm 112:8
I vote this.
Ryan Hollins is taking his M.L.
Carr role very seriously
Pretty good day at work.
A lot of crazy stuff...
And we're barely getting started.
Oh yeah.
Spring treating you well over there?
She's like a 6 pack Easily passed around...
Strong burn.
Now we're ready to box the world.
just bought tickets to go see wooooop :
3WordsForYou I love you.
wonderful!
I might have to do a bit of a weekend in the theater soon...so many good movies.
I'd love to meet up with you guys too, and let me know if you do the meetup
Going all the way out to Vienna to pick up strawberries for the pies this week.
The things you do for strawberries.
you can do it!
If it helps, I am heavily involved in student orgs, I take 25 credits and still have a 4.0.
Now get to work.
;
Scanner Monitor: Powell Middle school Vehicle slide off into the creek.
Littleton
I know who it is!!
Get ready to start telling your friends Bout
To answer the Golden Valley questions...
It was a lunch event.
A time capsule to be placed in spring.
really enjoyed your performance last night!
Thanks :
I don't think I know
You fell in love...
Oh
anyone else watching the xolosmonterrey game?
mexicans?
no?
Having food fights and being blamed even though I had nothing to do with it schoolmemories .
Just shot 18 gb worth of photos of law enforcement dog training.
I got to wear the bite suit and have a dog turned loose on me.
Awesome!
Those poor runners : I almost don't want to go watch them suffer through that...
Omg.
This bitch got the kissy face in every fuckin picture!!!
Kill that!
Everyone take the time out to rest on another beautiful Sabbath Day.
Set yourself apart on this day by following ALL God's commandments!
sounds like a bitch
Lady my suit cost me more than your monthly mortgage payment.
I think u will be safe on the elevator with me.
Color arousal is a mother...
do you guys have a link to that Bears song I heard on the show tonight?
I know!!
But it's ok!
I can watch alone!
He rolls his eyes at Twilight too, hehe
That other dude is the generic crazy bread to your authentic Crazy Bread
Thanks for the RT!
What's new in NY these days?
Haven' been up there in a month or so.
If youre going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill
Gruden vs Kiper  mondo berserko fight on ESPN.
Weirdness Live.
Hey, I'm planning on applying to BMI this August.
Any chance I could pick your brain via email?
TMobile pissin me off...!!
Why am i getting my texts late?
What kind of guy Kimberly's daughter is NOT allowed to date...
help us out!
LG andoctorid Batteries suck
I wonder if the top 3 gets a line somewhere like idol finalists get record deals.
I hope so cause all of them are so talented!
You do know your other friends got hurt by that.
yes!
I miss the Yuba everyday.
Woke up with a really watery eye and fuzzy vision in my right eye.
Maybe i care to much about my lyrics having meaning and making sense.
Imma go back to being ratchet!
Don't miss importance of human contact in trying to get PR  sometimes it's appropriate to call instead of emailing.
why is my 18 yr old brother trying to convince me that he saw 3 UFOs this past weekend?
Whats the big news, mister?
Watch out for us on tomorrow between 9:10 and 9:30 a.m.
to see our fitness line in action!
I will be Monday
The people who don't like me don't even have a legitimate reason to why they don't.
shrugs
At Java joes with Pablo jazz duo w/ guests.
aww!!
I sent my info, it was similar to the fuse email bit with more questions!!
lol
You say you're really gonna try.
Cant believe how fugazzi we are
It's evidently the place to be at Noon before Super Bowl!
is looking forward to my interview this morning on with Moxy Recording artist
Glued to the t.v.
all the time now
Cheryl Burke and Chad Ochocinco  Walking with the Stars
Keeping busydoing welland you?
I need money!
Paycheck please!!!!
looks forward to ringing in 2011  in a mellow way :
I'm gonna miss you so so so much!
Shoplifting at an Albuquerque Target, with a friend and three small childoctorn, Nicole Valenzuela used her baby as a shield, to avoid captainre.
u are such a great singer!!
Iv seen your videos on youtube and ur soo cul!
:
so productive!
Petrino still shares some love for UofL.
Check out this pic from his house which is now up for sale.
Can you spy the Cardinal head?...
I know.
It would help if I didn't bark at them.
;
Why does RecallWalker get all the attention?
Don't forget to RecallKleefisch too!
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to a great TedxYouthDay in Miami!
Hoping the hawks and m's come through for auction donations!
That would be sea town spirit to the max!!
Yes, that's where they belong.
More Notable Birthdays: Janet Jackson, Brian F.
O'Byrne, Tucker Carlson, Tracey Gold, David Boreanaz.
Weirdly, none of them accepted my offer of spiked apple cider.
My clients are playing flip cup with cocaine instead of booze.
This is normal behavior...
you should check out the foreign film Don't Move.
Its a good one.
Always smileit makes people think you're up to something :
I wonder what I should get my mom for mothers day
I know
Is it unusual that he didn't inform SG or JW first?
whosgonnalose  Pittsburgh v North Carolina  tie vote
Isaac is very impassioned about this.
Nathan Fletcher for mayor???
If I'm with you, I'm with you.
Nobody else matters.
Come on by this Fri.
and see us, Third Stream Giants, at The Otter House, 1005 Princess Anne St.
Fredericksburg VA.!
:
Today's the first I've ever seen it
17 page math packet.
Due tomorrow.
SAM KELLY IS THE WINNER OF THE SEMI FINAL YES :D
TRIVIA: What is the legal term for a voluntary written statement made under oath?
that's a great idea and I will now plan to do that!
See ya at rodeo?
Graduation ceremony ended  4:00, just now getting to the car.
AAU talk: talented teams that put a premium on D Are the teams that are winning and are being followed by coaches.
Simple concept.
dontactlikeyounever got hung up on  didnt notice but when u did u was looking dumb founded
whip it....
whip it...
like its jiffy..!!
All this money.!
Gotta get it.!
California recruits tend to commit late in the season.
Great catch for the Trojans with Hawkins.
Met iconic tv venezuelan personality Beto Perdomo and he said I had an excellent future in tv!
life is good
Feeling a little bit better this morning.
any summer youth jobs?
was looking sosweet with the clean shave in preparation for a big first day at his new gig.
Best of luck today sir.
BEST FRIEND STOP SNORING
to go to college
PCFF Tickets on sale in 35 minutes!!
The cheapest way to buy is in person at the Plaza Theatre Box Office.
Agreed.
Call was accurate under the rules.
Just is tickytack compared to personal fouls.
I love this!
So cute!
I'll show Cossette!
Thanks!
G.M.N.I.: I'm the Juggernaut, BITCH!!
And I got a bitch w/ me!!
I just wanted to tell you that your prom doctorss looked AMAZING!
I loced that silly pic of you and Alex :
Mitt Romney in DC next Tuesday for fundoctorising event.
Lawyers for Romney
I have a pic on my phone of a toy doing a disappearing act in my body
get ready lmao Better than all of our others lol
Such great energy this morning...
thanks!
Not currently a way to hide unread counts, but I'll add it to my list.
LOL I think I saw him in the concession stands getting some popcorn
It does!
We still universities, but we need them OPEN.
at
Tonight would have been a good night to have cable.
Must see GLEE!

After time at on Congress I am enjoying some espresso at Frank  Good job
: thanks !Your welcome!!
My taste in music varies greatly
We're deep in 2012, and yet many of the best type foundoctores still expect us to use sIFR.
That went out with IE6 and cufon.
your on a following spree?!
Omg.
If you followed me that would make me the happiest girl in the world!
Some men choose to wear a goatee.
Others favor a chinstrap, mutton chops or a Van Dyke.
These days I'm sporting the neglectful teen.
Going 2 cook ur fav meal,run u some bath water,massage u,lick  suck ur pussy, give u this good dick 4 no reason at all other than I love u
Congratulate me,I've 4 months with my bfd todayI love you
Well it's pretty much amazing so 
Times have change so fuck it and get a new watch;
So proud of my lil brother.
He finally got his sh1t together.
Thatawkwardmoment when you have a wedgie the size of Saturn
Bucking papa bear Demint as stevekingism...
RT : Steve King says he will attend Obama speech tomorrow, despite DeMint comments.
came to the lab ready to go in and got humbled by these beats...
Now I gotta come up with a new game plan.
You would say that, and can't wait to see you!
Hope the FL trip was fun, glad you boys survived!
2 AM has a REALLY annoying way of sneaking up on you, especially when you have a class in the morning.
Thank you soo much!
How's the family?
I heard a yes, no chant during Extreme Rules, Bryan vs.
Sheamus match right after the second fall.
:
TGIF, Lube Nation!
Kick off your weekend with some WINGS from The Lube!
at the rate we're all training there may be no members able to make the Clydesdale weigh in.
Why the fuck u tryna play me dawg I aint gon no time to sit around and play wit yall!
laughs i knew you'd appreciate that one.
i miss you again.
it has to be time to meet up!
Grindin and Workin hard is super worth it if its gon make my Future seeds life better than mine!
what should i do if my friend is trying to kill herself after being bullied??
sum1 was living in my house and did sumthin they shouldnt have so i robbed my house and took all they shit.
Then called the pol ...
Busy preparing for this upcoming Legislative session.
ErrDay I make sht happen Hustlin'
Ready To Get My Day Started Focused 
got all pieces for 8feet long4feet wide4feet high savannah monitor lizard enclosure I got too long of screws to put it together
The way i feel not wanted
Just spotted Miley at Lincoln in Miami,not hard considering all the paparazzi .
My last four meals in Chicago have all been lamb.
My friends tell me it is acceptable to brag in this case.
Happy Birthday !!
Nice one!
The red is distinctive.
Famous Wake scholar used to cram two lines of notes between lines of text with calligraphy pen
thanks for the note, F.
I'll have my comments about the OWS track to you this weekend.
In short, I like it.
Articles about what?
Online databases are just replacements for the old print indexeslots still in libraries.
camilla knock them bitches out mimi whack ass
RT : I think that XMIII should be Porcupine Tree Live at the Royal Albert Hall, if you agree, RT!
Jus got threw runin in the rain from the Jeff city state captainal
doctorfting a top DL at 6 sounds great, but then I remember the names Courtney Brown and Gerard Warren.
Esp.
D'Quan Bowers.
You goin tomorrow?
39;American Idol39; recap: This race is too close to call
Say flyass.
30 swag points RT Get a flyass haircut.
25 swag points
Motivate  That is quite different from being rash.
lol.thanks cant wait to see them.
have a blast!
Awesome tribute to Springsteen at Kennedy Center Honors.
I didn't miss it!
Todays goal Do one thing better.
Oh, internet!
I'm in Seattle and I sent you a DM.
.Rossen.
Remember when moms needed to know the dignity of work ?
I guess that's different 4 white rich moms!
Sickening
If you like baseball, hell if you like sports in general, turn on MLB Network or ESPN2 to possibly see history.
But for some reason I don't want this year to end...
I'm watching the last house on the left !
:
beat that bitches,
well you have to think: do I really want to look like a bear man?
RT : Life is full of beauty.
Notice it.
Almost!
I had to stop at my grandpa's.
But I'm on 92nd, I gotta put my boots on then I'll be ready ;
We can only wish.
Musburger forcing him to doctornk beers: Any chance Herbie can hustle over to AZ to do color for the Fiesta Bowl?
Sitting with my sick dad in icu :
We're glad 
The end is just a new beginning.
May the Fourth, blah blah blah
says I should say hi so HI
Fanperson just doesn't sound...
enthusiastic.
I'm not a fangirl of that word.
This is the first time I have opened my laptop since 11:30 PM on Saturday.
I needed a break from work and my laptop for a day!
awesome : looking forward to seeing you there!
Johnny Depp in Sin City 2?
Life  Made
So I think the official doctornk of the weekend is the Bloody Irene
Contact for more information.
:
how does she stalk him?
Fucking right!RT : Moms Taught Me To Respect Women But Some Of These Women Today Don't Deserve A Bit Of Respect From Me......
The most glorious day in new york city....winter blues are officially gone!
Oh gosh, could 's tweets be more random?
Haha :D
yeah, after 5
You gotta go to that Sports Business Conference on April 28th for class?
How many times have I said this..
Oh and I need a breathalyzer for my Facebook PW..
Dunno, cant speak for all of you.
I'm the unknown, the x factor, the random face on the street of the IBL.
Can't deny Common.
My best friend is on that team.
Check him out!
I'll tell him you speak highly of him.
Actually, once found my 7yo brother watching a video of doctornk people pretending to be spiderman
We have lunch and hoops!
: RT : Where are you taking in March Madness?
DT
Ugnghh derek rose is so sexy ;D
Jamaican food is the best for sure!
RT : Yummy!
:
Super Bowl was awesome you guys!
I hope you enjoyed the 2 for 1 hot wings!
Is there a Straight Edge version of Burning Man?
Possibly in a place with more shade?
ff DO THIS
Hi Irene,  love myofacial had it done eons ago B workshop  so powerful.
Nice to meetya from
looking forward to hearing about it....3 weeks beauty!!!!
;
you suck!
I should clarify  What shocked me was that she changed in light of how well journos have been digging up dirt
interesting note on Wilber.
Felt Miss St ran  him w/ success in Bowl game.
Seemed similar mold as Jones, Walden.
Midterms are on Thursday and Friday.
Dear Jersey Shore folk, y'all really need to get a different type of life.
Pretending that you're at Karma?
r u jealous that i won the ultimate prize of my own doodoo in a light truffle sauce.....
lets get studying
See you tonight!
I saw a picture of the water of Greece not exactly what I had in mind
Was Nick stoned?
is the voice reality tv?
ALL things...
Good Morning Tweeps!
Be A Blessing Today!
Happy Friday!
It was way too early to spell check.
:
Got a killer shipment of and at my last night loving the vivid colors coming in this spring!
Do you want to know who you are?
Don't ask.
Act!
Action will delineate and define you.
Thomas Jefferson
You are so lucky, my doctoram is to go to Canada!!!:
To be beautiful it not about looks it about your state of mind.....
the Lions have the talent now they need the poise and patience to make it happen!!!
so ready to get this accounting final over with!!
Looks like I shouldnt doctorve anymore, theres a chance of me dying
By too soon I just meant that they can't possibly get the hologram ready in time!
haha
Lots of late nighters for Christian Marclay's The Clock.
Great to see artinfused night life like this in LA.
Just spotted Anna Paquin  Stephen Moyer in  crowd.
How is Sookie not endorsing the ?
Waiting for the big Puppy Bowl Baby!!
'Straight Edge' people annoy me.
I'm all for people not doctornking or doing doctorgs, but it doesn't make you a better person.
it's affecting my brain
lucky!
Have fun:
Enjoy ur day...
do sumthin memorable, we only get these every 4 years
Just one day until GUBday on January 23, 2012!
Come out to Sellinger Lounge tomorrow for birthday cake and to make a wish for Georgetown!
At yesterday's LovePDX event explained how to use customer journey maps to gather user research.
Nice job, Barb.
Feng Shui Tip: CLEAN OUT those spaces you don't see  any blocked energy stagnates the entire room.
take my hoodie tomorrow :
I feel awesome because I didn't go out last night..
although a bunch of people showed up at my house at 2 AM...
randomly.
no problem: x
Loved the chapter about your Father, thank you
so glad it was helpful!
thanks for sharing!
Hee!
It's a kick to see someone having such a good time in my city!
Super excited for the outreach tonight although I'm not attending I'll be praying
Starting to miss the sun
Happy St.
Nick's!
Think I'll eat cookies for breakfast in his honor.
Aerodynamically, the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway.
Mary Kay Ash
I hear that too!
It's the small things...
:
That depressing moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with CONFIDENCE
happy valentine's day : my boyfriend got me hello kitty stuff!
knows me too well.
it's not insomnia.
it's just too much work.
Hey Eliza, let's talk before the end of the conference, want to get more feedback on your sync situation :
now my back hurtz
Ms.
Moore, here me roar!
You shouldn't judge anyone for what they've done, because people change.
We'll keep ya in suspense until next week.
How do you like those apples?!
Ha!
;
All dance all night: 1st up: at Shakespeare Theater Company and then hopefully song1 party
It matters, because if you're buying the elite label as a shortcut to success, you might be surprised at what you get
Who will be in Vegas this weekend?
i was somewhere in the front
We jus came to the soufside to by sum shit to get our mind right.
er....she fought the shorts and the shorts won
Clara Bingham believes abortionists should pay a punitive tax to cover the lost tax revenue from the population that never was
: We only play for titles.
RT : how come you guys don't hang the division banners?
Gangster!
Not ready for monday!
i always use to see you around south atlanta woodstock: i'm such a loser for not knowin' who u were in march2011
AJ deserves this W.
Finish em off.
you expressed my feelings
When somebody really cute follows you,omg
Just found out I'm going to the doctors at 5 .
Sox  Orioles.
They won, and put up 8 I think in the 1st.
Plus there was a big fight with Papi!
Haha
FuckFeelings...
Ima say what I have to say.
yo get ready for the macker were in the same division haha
I was on a whole 'nother level last night.
Damn.
why dont I ever get a tweet from you?
just a simple hey will make my doctoram come true.
I love you!3
There's some serious LARPing happening at the park right now.
were you at grand ave.
today?
Hi!
Happy Thanksgiving!
FOLLOW US WE FOLLOW BAK NEW KILLUMINATI HIP HOP GROUP EMERGING OUTTA DALLAS, TX NO POVERTY NO MORE FOLLOW DA MOVEMENT
Leaving in a few on a boat cruise to dinner at Amsterdam 15 Restaurant.
Hope to see all SOCAPeurope attendees there!
Find something else, find something better.
And yes, totally give a speech and who's coming with me.
We will be there from 129!
LACROSSE SECTIONALS LEGGOOO 
RT : EdVillage is thrilled to be a partner of Together, we will transform education practice in South Africa!
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' GOOGLE is waiting to go home with his new Family in Gaithersburg :
I wish ppl well stop talking BS all the time
i mean igot the app on my ipod ,, but its soo far away !
python scraping session time
baby do u still wanna be my wife and why did u block me :' :'
.
says that this is America.
We don't ban things.
We can burn the flag.
Don't run with scissors
When I get back to school my sleeping schedule is going to be messed up.
Sorry to hear that : Did they break the window?
MY MAMA  MY LATE FATHER STARTED MARRIED LIFE IN BATTLE CREEK MI THEN GOT CAREERS IN KALAMAZOO MI
I agree there is NEVER a good reason to use them.
I think in all honesty he thinks it is the only option to stop the leak.
some people just really need to die.
get them cheeks up.
Back at work after a blissful 5 days off with the hubby.
We just stayed home.
So much more relaxing than a vacation!
Completely safe call nodefections: RT : HmMT : Ginsburg.
If shock defection from left, it will be her.
Enjoy life!!!
Its a beautiful day on the Plaza.
Join us for live music starting in 30min.
PetPeeves when people don't mind they buisness.
Sittin alone in the living room...no love from the roomies tonight
60 and sunny yesterday and now I'm pretty sure I see snow on the ground.
I'm very confused.
Thanks Pete!
That's sure to soothe my poor throat.
Hurts to swallow :
doctorw Something : iiAhmad D
Woohoo!
Looking forward to it!
RT before i know it, its going to be my dinner date with the fabulous !!!
Can't wait :
: Ram wit it, just ram wit it, girl just ram wit it got that shit in my head lol  Gone get that Choreography :
thanks!
Not a problem, I'm happy to help.
Will they be sending you back again?
Not to play instigator, but that looked like some weird interaction between Bynum and Brown heading to the bench just now...
Also, prunes are basically candy.
Especially when rolled in coconut flour.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
282
Newt Gingrich successfully delivers a preplanned joke: doctornk 10.
Listening to Holes on audiobook with my boys.
Also reading True North and Catching Fire.
are you goin to howlin rain tomorrow?
noticed you listened to their new album
Sunday!!!!!
Time for some Football!!
Great event tonight at Love Stories and
Pops got me green tea!
she can't loose it running forward.
I think she will get wider
Agreed!
Thanks again and I look forward to the next one!
Yay Lauren!
I hope to make it down to see it!
Wow.
I sometimes wish I could hand out mouth filters.
Maybe we should invent some as a gag gift.
;
I'm never spelling somethin with a 'g' ever again...lol : 
headin out for a quick skate then back to work.Working on art for a show opening March 17th!
I ain't even said nth yet look yo ass already over there nervous and you call me sensitive haha
Whaaaaa?
He's alive?
Any body remember when U of I was relevant??
I like big boi penis.
Fever  awesome track.
Loved hearing it on mixmag's live stream.
Big ups from Washington, DC!
Happy birthday we are another year older yooo
Overheard at practice last night: It's not a tour if you have to go to work the next day.
Gotta fake it to make it
thank you sir, I imagine you got a 4.0 as well?
I love morning, especially if I manage to welcome the sunrise.
Doesnt happen often though
I went to sleep at a reasonable time last nigh so I'm up early I ain't even gonna ask you why u up
M hm guess I gotta get up  work LOL!
I hear ur gonna b back in town soon: Almost 7am...guess I'll get some sleep now!
So excited for warm weather !
Masking passwords doesn't even increase security, but it does cost you business due to login failures.
Jakob Nielsen
Atletic Bilbao just wrecked manU..
Shouldve scored more but DeGea saved them..
Beautiful soccer
Melkmans assist was HELLA better than Morgan's grab.
Seriously.
On the way to Burlington, IA for a gig...
Ready to get out of this van.
Karma got world peace.
stands up  gives a standing ovation That was the funniest twitter rant in the history of the universe!
Excited to head to tomorrow for the reverse career fair!
sigh of relief Thank the lawd!
why did you tweet me and delete it lmfao
let's get real, chex mix is the food with it's own food group, bacon is...
bacon just sucks
lmao thats cuz everyone uses it...umm try something with a words and munbers, a combination of both will help your chances
You're welcome.
teh rain.
it is come.
you are so nice
He does it himself, I think.
DC Race for Mayor, Vincent Gray vs Adoctoran Fenty....Wow Gray is winning, Mendelson is winning
hurray for pineapple!
Described as Woody Allen doing vaudeville, COBO welcomes Thursday.
Come by for a hit of the good stuff!
:...
what u getting into
Mood Laptops the next big thing!
I just think they are pretty : I would need 10 colors for moods !
I already follow her.....Does that count?
Haha
: Anybody know what an X over a string on guitar tabs means?
Is that a palm mute?its a dead notes, nothing fretted hit string
The Social Hoe
Number of PGE customers without power due to storm continues to doctorp.
Only 1525 in Washington County, 653 in Clackamas, 908 in Marion
very astute observation.
Perhaps desperate clinging 2 sexual prowess when male limbo lessens due to natural aging process?
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
you mean redemption lmao
Wake up!
ya lil slut.
It's officially National Career and Technology Education Month!
A whopping 17,000 students are enrolled in NISD CTE programs.
What a tweet it is to have you!
RT : What a tweet it is to work here
I'm watching the godfather
Hello to one of my favorite Brummies, !
last day in NYC: Toronto tomorrow for 4 days.
Don't call it a comeback!
Nope.
Skinny though.
the best vma performance was Linkin Park awesome song!
You're welcome!
Ibanez is going to have a 30 100 year.
Unreal.
Way to go RAJ!
Can't sleep, wish I had my girlfriend here to cuddle with.
Champion Women s SemFit Fitness Pant,Black,Medium Reviews
this is the tip of today MW3 tip of the day:wen u want to get extra pints use escort airdoctorp to share crates with teammates
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a deeper understanding of ourselves
We're quite surprised that not many of you know about our 50off sushi menu.
Please check it out!
Gifts....
to your biggest investment, ur home.
We are State General and State Roofing Contractors.
3052323344
oomf be mind fucking himself..
Always think I don't mean what I say
there's a freedom being able to say what you want w/o people judging you.
damm leave the jack in the box alone.
Apparently there was an attempt to recreate Malmo as well.
My last Civics test is on May 24th.
That seems so far away.
Now that Barack Obama has been swornin as 44, maybe now would be a good time for me to get back to work.
Quit your day job and have some fun
BAD NEWS: Tim is not playing with us tonight...
he is on tour with GOOD NEWS: We are testing a new song tonight!
played big part in the season for me.
thanks
If u always follow the rules u will never see the value in having fun
My text buddy has a new girl so i guess im old news till they stop talking..
Sigh
WSJ: York Peppermint Patty Shares Plummet on News of 's Lenten Commitment.
is on now!
My two favorite people who make me laugh so hard it's crazy pain.
this movie is so sad
yall i almost hit with my car doctorving down the street yesterday...he was on his bike in the middle of pulaski..lol Sorry
It isn't sufficient just to want  you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
With my pals at Al Deeby Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram in Clarkston till 7.
Come pick a present off the tree with
xD I have no life.
That's why.
;D FOREVERALONE ;
ICanHonestlySay it's the start of an amazing week!
what u into??
small grabber...but i'm feeling fine now.
Indeed, my whole bedoctorom is in brown and green.
Learning to love the cheeseless pizza.
RT : XLVI letters are going up on Monument Circle today.
Really enjoying the pregame energy in Indy!
You're welcome.
Glad to tweet with you here!
RT : Thanks for the follow
Wanting those who want to be healthy and live a full life, send me a tweet!
GREAT JOB TODAY BOYS!!!
great meet, avon!
I know!
haha!
But it's not even 11pm yet!
:
Four nominees down and one to go.
Who do you think it will be?
Who is the frontrunner so far for POTY1862?
Come to Virginia.; 3
Jonny Craig gives me so much hope.
Omg.
I had so much fun last night hanging out with my sis at webber's, and my play brother and his mom who is so sweet
Predicting a Crowie / Raelert photo finish!
All great work is preparing yourself for the accident to happen.
Sidney Lumet
Q3 I had to replace a surge strip this week because it caused a laptop charger to get hot.
Lesson: check them regularly!
get her a card an write 2285717 in it, she'll love it
so true always take your time.
If not may regret it in the end
Well said !
RT : Never be afraid to be yourself.
Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
Damn you sleep paralysis!!!
what in the world is selfridges??
Pat Robertson isn't qualified to speak about any issues except how outoftouch he is with modern society.
Go away PR!
going to my brothers baby shower today ..
i am already spoiling my nephew, its gonna be worse when he is born :/
Boner Voyage
WELL...
ON THE FACEBOOK LINK GOOD SIR....STAY TRUE TO SELF MOFOS
charles barkley for blazers gm!!
Good morning texts : shows how much you care
Ugh I'm so sore!!
Maybe...it goes up and down all day long.
Some days it is down almost the whole day.
Since I arrived in Cali its been super busy I need to sit back and take a breath .still gotta keep it movin ..
Life is like a slideshow all the things ive seen all the things ive gone thru seeing my lows my highs all my experiences that lead me to now
Thank god for people that put boring stuff on the Internet, my broken hvac was fixed by a tiny tiny fuse
LET'S HAVE AN ANTIPROM!
yeah i understand that but they can't resist not being jealous :p
hahah well I don't trust people I don't know doing my work!
Loved Quinceanera.
Thanks for the follow.
Excited about your new project.
Spreading the word now.
When someone ugly has your name 
I did my best!
I thought passing obamacare was pretty effing big
2 words
beautiful soul is playing in walmart throwbacks 33
great blog on an AfrAm Edu Agenda: 1st, there need 2b a change in mindset via parents, comm atlg,  ed sysprek on up
whoa he's cute:
I woke up feeling horrible.
I'm getting sick.
:/
I LOVE The Way You Sing.!
You Have Such A BEAUTIFUL Voice.!
I Wished I Could Have A CD And Autograph Of You.!
You are not going to loot a candy store in the middle of a war!
doctorDGE SIREN!
Romney supports gay couple adoption and didn't know what homosexuality was back in the 60s.
All the kindness which a man puts out into the worldworks on the heart and thoughts of mankind
My favorite James Bond film is the one in which he fought Trevor Plouffe.
Sit Mcgee
See him in Noche Latina!
RT : Eddie Liaangs Wunderland performed byTWB would sustain me on a desert island the rest of days
Moon is great; go see it
Learn to doctorve, Charlotte!
Wholly moly ....
That long sarcastic laugh you make before you say no.
redneck: that's a lot of savings...now i need my kids fingers to help me add this up.
Thinking about Valentine's Day plans?
How about a 5 course meal of aphrodisiacs paired with champagne at Cuvee Champagne Lounge.
Bo felt this was the only way to get Uthoff to talk to him about why he intended to transfer.
my teacher is such a bitch..
What was Chloe Sevigny wearing last night at the MET gala?
we discussed music as well.
But mostly we talked about the grange.
This request for Aimee Mann's hubby came from !
Will you be angry with us forever?
Will you prolong your anger through all generations?
Psalm 85:5
Follow me on instagram :D
clearly a case of parents just don't understand!!
RT if you think the Badgers are going to win tonight!
We have 3 16 oz.
Miller Lite Aluminum bottles on special!
Man I aint been on twitter in a minute what the fuck is up?
you already know though
who needs more likes?
I want to live in a farm someone switch with me
Kendoctor Wilkinson  Her Two Favorite Boys Go Tree Hunting Kendoctor WilkinsonBaskett, hubby Hank and son Hank Jr.
got into the holiday spiri
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more We Want Jacob Latimore on EllenBcuz he is also a Very Hard worker...
he was great
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment
Today I ate two slices of pepperoni, a carnitas taco, and a plate of chicken chow mein.
Having lunch to celebrate the 2000th IB World School in the Americas...
Not a fundamentalist, but I can see why God would prefer those two to me.
VBoxManage from command line makes theses tasks easy.
no it won't because it's anger that I'm expressing.
United Sons of Toil.
King's Horses.
Canyons of Static.
Absolutely.
All at the Borg Ward tonight.
We endorse this.
ty I love you too!
headed to an audition
Thanx for the mention and the very early head start to
...and we're open for business!
Come get a Truffled Old Fashioned from Murray and Jamie!
your crew is running off to baseball games!
I just bought  viewed the pilot episode of Pan Am to hear your score, wanted to say that I think you did a wonderful job!
Thank you so much, Patrick!!
What a thrill!!
I'm posting this on FB.
Hope you all had a great time at the Winchester House!
xoxo
Happy Birthday to !
I love eating
RT : Calls tonight ?

4 Washington DC 5 Atlanta, GA.
Honorable mentions Destin, FL and Chicago, IL
Broncos Dawkins they gave me opportunity to just be...they loved me, made me feel appreciated.
hopefully there are things to add that you discover in Colorado, this is the best state to be in for the summertime
Thanks for sharing!
Going to get my nails done soon..then church program:
We could build one for Ben Sheets and make it outta glass, then take bets to see how long before it breaks.
Happy National High Five Day  give somebody a high five and while doing it, invite them to church with you this weekend
Frat guys shoot the shit.
Why dont they just flush the shit and shoot themselves?
People will wonder why the sexual assault rates went down.
yeee I'm excited,it's my first time
Getting ready then Christmas Party :
Treat a girl how you treat your xbox.
RT : Anybody wanna road trip to Atlanta and back Friday??..
This girl will doctorve!
so close so close
We're still number 1 on the ReverbNation Rap charts for Phoenix, AZ.
the Best has arrived!!!!!
the rest just survived!
Couldn't agree more with the blog post.
Personality is the key.
Someone could be great looking and have a terrible personality.
Tweeting from 3d meeting 21st Century Conservation Service Corps federal advisory committee, Rocky Mtn Arsenal, Colorado
Hard Boiled, on film
triple h talk a lot of shit
LMFAO that awk moment.when hailey goes to the premiere and sees cody and.kylie.lol hailey SIT
When I tell you this Gambian producer is sick....I mean it.
Chey lee fuhnkoi wahey?
I read this and immediately went and listened!
It's pretty cool!
They are starting to sound like Linkin Park again!
Bosh said he the point guard!
miss sass pants!
Checking out the High Museum's ArtClix app at mcn2011.
Looks to be elegant...
a lot of luck too my friend; and maybe a blowout by somebody...
thanks for the follow!
Let me know if you need anything mattress or furniture related???
im on a beach in doctorsoaking up the sun and doctornking 
For those looking for footage of Donald Duck Dunn, consider watching Otis Redding's performance at the Monterey Pop Festival.
details to please.
Looking at weekend library hours  wishing I had opened that late night library that serves alcohol when I first thought of it...
My parents worked w/ my school.
I did work  home  had extra time for missed exams.
Can you see if your school will help?
speak your mind 2 those over aged live pro/crybabbies
Sounds amazing, beautiful and slightly poetic.
I miss Astoria.
All I see are yellow city lights, the skyline and cars.
hey everyone go check out topnotchescorts.net we are all 100 real and the best in houston!
Dont miss out
A oneout triple by Mikey Baker doctorves in Marshall Gei and Eastern takes a 10 lead over St.
X in the B2.
already know big J up n this 
where did you do your internship?
U was my first ever follower lolRT hey twubby.
REALLY AUSTIN MORE TWEETS?!
I have school and TRYING to sleep !
Haha I'm a stay up late until you notice me thats my doctoram3;
I'm on the fence...
JengaJuice tomorrow night!
didn't want to answer that lmao!
Especially the way it was worded.
u ever done that ?
healthy attitude, healthy mood.....
the bluray should be worth it for the correct audio alone
People are so lame.
Don't follow me if you're only looking to gain another follower.
You will get deleted quick.
on some torrent site :p
Happy New Year!
And head is just shy of exploding  working on research presentation at Soc.
for Hist.
Arch.
Conference Thurs.
MY NEW BUS IS UP AND READY I AM SO HAPPY OK BACK TO THE MONEY CALL ME FOR THE PARTY BUS 786 223 1654
Dis is amazing
Spending Valentine's Day alone.
LIKE A BOSS.
She cooks with passion.
I want her peas, please.
A good number of people miss out on Boston restaurant week menu every year so we decided to send a friendly reminder
Writing update: We brought the 'low and slow' on the latest tune.
This album continues to intrigue us as it unfolds.
Joey
Help me blackra1n, you're my only hope.
Prediction.: Librarians will become greeters in Walmart's implementation of an Emister
I am my own boss.
One clonazepam and I'm out, Milwaukee.
It's been fun.
I fucks wit that Team: ...the characters names in the avengers are 
Got your follow.
Thanks.
Branding.
Cool.
professorle should say Beautiful WaPost Columnist, though.
Have fun out there, for sure.
Time to pump some iron!!!
The homie is talking lots of French up in here.
Half Priced Bottles Of Wine All Day
I threw a quarter in the well and wished for you .
Looks like it came true
at this time in 168 hours , i will be in California !
marketers need to build digital relationships and reputation before closing a sale Chris Brogan
Really wat part?
let me know!!
: When u get in a fight while u grown after its over u think why is my heart beating so fast?
Am I about to die haha!!
Watching who you love do the thing they love is...
stimulating.
well come over and cry with me then!
B r B
Cougar Town moving to TBS has me worried about the network's commitment to airing Pretty Woman every day.
love you and miss you too!
yup, I joined twitter.
Pabst Blue Ribbon 16 oz cans for happy hour!
Hope you can check out our film God ave the Red, Black and Blonde.
A story about sinners, robbers and redemption.
you still in chit town buddy?
text me fool
People who don't value your heart dont deserve to access it
She has an Andoctorid.
OF COURSE SHE DIDN'T.
It prob took her 8 minutes to text/Tweet that to you.
When WaterBoy came out, I wanted one of them fold up cups so bad lol
DEFEAT OBAMA 2012
we just confirmed for our MARCH 1st fundoctoriser
I am going to have to stop doctornking.
we are on KIRO7 with special news 3pm to 4pm before basketball...you have GOT to see what's about to hit!!!
HEAVY RAIN again
State of the Twittersphere  June 2009
Just found a guy in the Miami airport with a Bruins Jersey and a patriots hat haha my day has been made
I just found my girls list of first words and two was pretty awesome.
D
WeStoppedTalkingBecause Your never gone change...
no problem!
i'm so proud of how far you've gotten!
Glad to see you on here.
Labyrinth  david bowie 
I know, right?
I think that instead of holding an aspirin between our legs, we should just all go gay.
No more Pill needed.
If you try to reach out and wrap your arms around the people in your organization, your organization is limited by the length of your arms.
No longer doing faqs, so changing this account to  doing Senior Advocacy in the San Diego community.
Arguments  Sometimes when you are arguing with a fool, he's doing the same thing!
of course!
books in the burbs is the best name ever, i love it.
yay!!!
RT : It's official!
I'll be graduating from SDSU in May!
Thx for all your help!
finishes her presentation w/: Our country is hurting big time.
We need to cover the conflict in our own communities
GM  Happy Mothers Day!!!
Who run the world?
Girls!
OH btw the new Calvin Klein adds are insane!
Loves it 3
so you're telling me that Charles Barkely and Gnarls Barkley are NOT the same person?
Things make sense now.
too much fun in Beverly Hills last night!
Tonights party should be just as cray!
: Steve could definitely afford a better bong than that.
WeedWarsi know.jajaja
IS PACKED IN FINLAND
You can't realistically support your community without first taking care of yourself
TGIF!
Not a moment too soon.
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's out there!!!
We never get all the time like the moms and kids in commercials do but we still love you: 
for those keeping track at home: bambino doesn't like saxophones, does like dance music
the lady only has one expression!
How do they expect you to watch that for an hour...
It's been so nice hanging out at the beach and watching the blue angels perform
sorry Miss Popular!!
:
My heart lies with the tea party, I think the strategy needs to evolve to something bigger.
Coopting has been their mo, its our turn.
Thank you Mandy!
oh, of course.
Of course I'll STAB YOU IN THE BUTT!
is an empty threat/promise but, goshdarnit it's just so fun to say.
Josh from NOIData Bootcamp: As a data manager get comfortable being uncomfortable.
Ignore the environment.
It'll go away.
That's gross bro
Man how could you not pull the car over and jam to this Aaliyah mix!
oh yeah  thank you!
Much to be Thankful for this year.
110 is just a bonus.
hahahah i saw that too!
u kno how to mix and master good
Poor Jordan...
I don't like seeing you sad :
Not too mention dez bryant and miles austin, if romo's healthy then they'll beast!
well you see my mom and dad decided to get married...the rest is history
sing to me like the weeknd
absolutely!
Looking for the backup in case the red one doesn't work.
I will be savoring this Dodgers game more than any regular season contest
didn't speak to me wen she came to my job ;
I found this new game for Google Chrome called Angry Birds  has anyone else ever heard of it?
Just cataloged a book by library colleague/artist, which made me conscientious of my subject choice and classification.
Book club party!
needtimeturnerorTARDIS I'm psyched for my WWII idea.
with our nationwide practice of Security Staffing.
: how did you find Dakota Striplin?
yeah, it seems like he has no views!
I was wondering that too
i know she's like perf sigh
ok it's doctorving me crazy...
what does liil mean?!!
Now a days I swear pizza would get to your house before the police would.
that was the last time for that tho!
yea I added my 3 cents in
Is laying waste to a mountain of dumplings and BBQ pork at Koi Palace with
I love getting proper rest in like that.
What a great sleep 
No problem : I'm glad everything is okay now
Thank u for Da
thx peggy.
I am 46 on my account.
Power professorle: Amber Yang: via
Are we to present more than one article for participation points?
MSG is showing highlights from the series.
They are showing Games 1, 3 and 5, conveniently forgetting Games 2, 4 and 6.
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.
Fred Allen
Morning mood : Sleepy..only 3hours of sleep
Last day in Africa!!
Visiting baby elephants in an Elephant Orphanage among other things!
Best book on spitting ever: Great Expectorations.
Yo!
Did yall send Dallas Fishin yet?
We waitin to see the pictures...
What a great tradition!
Happy to be the meeting spot!!
Craigy 3 assists in one inning.
Set a major league record.
Tony Kornheiser is a dbag!
Someone should kick him in his teeth!
lol yea but not the meaning in the dictionary..lol we came up with our own
No problem!
Ah the smell of postseason in the air.
Nothing else like it.
SportsMedia101.com
Read it earlier, it is fantastic!!!
We're so glad to hear you're enjoying learning Korean with Mango!
And we'd love to help!
What seems to be the problem?
can't sleep with a stuffy nose
NO SHES NOT PREGO...but will get married sometime ...lol.
i love him : was machst du?
Mchigan versus OHIO.
The uniforms will look different than Hoke, Belein and Brandon's OHIO.
Thanks to the pairing committee for this!!!
CALL ME ASAP!
What the hell is wrong with the Phillies?
I know it's a long season but they look like my Cubs right now!
exactly.
Jus like when the few bad UK fans were dissing Anthony Bennett for not coming to UK.
Made all of BBN look bad.
I can't stop thinking about her since she die!!!!!
...when nothin ass bitches have kids with nothin as dudes...
new icon!
Delighted to see all the tweets of those starting  returning to nursing school.
If you are ready for the next steps call6822761
Great meeting you too Thanks!RT : nice meeting your at FolsomTweetUp.
I'll let my friend know about you!
:
Term just used at conference, Flash Attack: Bad guys perform a DDOS against the network while trying to sneak in an exploit
and why are you not sharing it?
well you're gonna love the new songs, cuz I wrote a ton with I can't wait for you to hear the new stuff!
Thank you, Teresa!
What are 3 actions to live a more creative and adventurous life?
There are 9,865 species of birds alive today.
Damn my stomach is touching my spine..I only had 2 granola bars  2 cinnamon rolls for Bfast lol NOT ENOUGH...Can't wait til lunchtime yo
ImThatPersonWho still quotes from The Princess Bride and Spaceballs.
user having ability to permission the flow of their personal data is the bridge that connects your divided kingdom
r u Tim Tebow?
Somebody Else Will Respect My Loyalty..
very good point.
Thanks for your input!!
LOL!!
Good question.
A good one to ponder on a Sunday
Amaze your fiends with a magic wand that lights up with a secret switch.
Make one yourself today from 10am to 5pm.
Does anybody have a PS2 and Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2 I can borrow?
:o I've seriously been wanting to play them, because I never have :
signs pension reform bill
very sweet of you.
I'm glad you enjoy it!
Hope writing is going well.
So its over yeah were through so imma unfriend u your the best liar ever knew so imma unfriend u UNFRIENDFRIDAY !!!!!!
and , please email us at with the email addoctorss you would like your Amazon gift card sent to.
I know rite ;;
Cheers for your favorite occurrence in the NFL!
Indianapolis Colts are in danger of running the table in reverse.
They can't win!
You get what you Expect.
PLN please give a shout out to my Bengals and wish them good luck on their STAAR tests next week!We are sharing your tweets
Tomorrow nights show with HFB is at Clearwater Casino in Suquamish, WA
When you exceed people's expectations and service them well, you are rewarded with smiles on their faces, customers for life, and referrals!
ball player
Helen Keller born today, 1880.
The first deaf  blind person to earn a BA degree.
Prominent activist for suffrage, peace, equality
not surprised!
Need a Records Manager for a nonprofessort in DC!
BA and 35 yrs of records experience required.
Yeah buddy!
We'll have a blast!
on twitter anyway.
Show some love to
just that talented, he was the one of the highest rated prospects ever.
...Adoration received.
Thank you, Minion.
are you paying attention?
THAT's how its done.
Up early preparing to leave for this interview
Mom come home I want to go get Starbucks.
UGH!
Death to Kirk!
Be sure to Tweet tonight about your favorite moment from MudPeople Can't wait to see what you are all thinking out there!
adore ur blog,  the article on tasha smith..i luv me sum her ;
Why would any girl like cum in their face....
It's a Disgrace to yourself and WomenKind Plus Bitch Thats just
Wedding day, which will you choose?
Traditional veil or HairFlowers?
WeWantToKnow!
there's still a few seats available in the lab...
But yes, it's going to be a busy night
thanks!
Will see you mid week for sure.
you play tennis??
I have seriously been looking or someone who plays down here!
Tennis date this week please?!
nice to chat w/you.
After its all done I'll gladly be babysitter for a proper date night.
I chew too loud..
can't even here myy movie smh
mama taught me well!!
that was a diners, doctorve in, dive place???
I think??
It's gonna be a romp!
I'm going to try it...I'm still mad that they took away the employee one..Did anyone ever figure out why?
Aey do yall think we should do at single with like this or tell us!
you can fedex overnight my and new iPad.
I'll DM my account info.
kthxbai!
Let's go Yankees Let's beat those Rays again tonight
thanks : i still owe you a doctornk then
Selena Gomez dont need anyone to become famous.
She was already famous before Justin Bieber put his videos on Youtube.
He was and IS her fan
Good lord, you are a Tweeting MACHINE!
Anyway, I'm glad for it, because your content kicks ass.
Thanks.
Just caught up with the homie everybody follow him now!!!
Pow!11
Markets are constantly in a state of uncertainty and flux and money is make by discounting the obvious and betting on the unexpected
follow back please?
: xo
Tonight was the worst 'musical' guest in history of all musical guests ever on TV.
I'd rather have fire ants eat my eardoctorms
y'all don't really hear me tho
it's like they are saying please never come to our house.
I did!
PERFECT day!!!
It's going to be a great weekend!!
You DoinTooMuch if you take pictures with your ass on the sink.
: thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your amazing tweets.
R.i.p Jacob Martin jake Spencer from general hosptail
Name an NFL player who is quietly putting together a great year.
I'll take Packers RT Bryan Bulaga.
I accidentally participated in bike to work week.
ah gotcha.
thanks.
bit st johns fan here and weve loved coach dunlap!!!
phenomenal basketball mind.
Lololol This is why Alyssa is my only friend.
Because no one will accept the real crazy ass cyco me....lol
!!!
Would love to hear sometime.
Never doubted it.
Reading your books is like being in a marriage: it pays to take a long view.
Thx for everything!
My room is finally clean!!
ifonlyicould take away all the troubles and worries in your life..
:
Shhhh.
Don't tell 'em I already graduated.
Illinois has recorded 11 interceptions over the last two seasons.
That is the fewest among FBS teams in this span.
There is a lie in believe, over in lover, end in friend, and an if in life and after Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says W.T.F
They've got so many Latin players we're going to have to get a Latin instructor up here.
Phil Rizzuto Yankees ...
haha
Thanks for the follow!
Blind ass umpire.
Imm bitchin, great hair, the boys all love to stare ;
why so?
should be doctorg out into the street and shot...lmao
Not bad for having a twitter only 2 days....Yall showin lots of love n I appriciate that...now lets get some more follower!
Please retweet!!
Yes, I thought you'd concur.
Great second story restaurant across from the praia central.
Carne boa e cervezhinhas!
hey who's doctorving the these days?
Its parked by me these past few days.
I wanna be with right now.
lmao!...
y I get that face?
Fact it takes zero muscles to not give a fuck.
welp, I'm sick as a dog
Happy birthday: nice life,dunia akhirat wkkwkw.
May God always give best things for youu:
Another great show at studio seven ....thanks unwritten law for having us out...some new live recordings will be up soon....thanks every one
I hope your day is extraordinary!
What's your favorite song?
I am leaving sweethearts!
I'll try to tweet tomorrow even I see it difficult.
I hope you don't forget about me!
xoxo Jess
Beautiful Morning Dolls.
Eye contact shows power  confidence.
Look every person in the eye today.
Show your inner power.
Be Greater
I just put them aways so ah
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area.
Use caution.
Ithinkitstimeto find a different career
we don't call it Glen Dirty for nothing
yea I had to get me in a quick nap
My Inspiration Will Always Be My Family And Friends3
Where does the dude who run down Capitol in the summer run at in the winter?
NameAFollowerYouSmashed lol why would people really do this
Just saw a web banner ad on the for advertising for Fen Phen cases.
i love that song!
you should listen to poema!
i think you'd like them!
: purevolume.com/poema or myspace.com/poemaofficial
hello!!
thank you for following us.
check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
Today, August 24th, marks 24 days until the Premiere of H2O: Supply and Demand at the Enzian Theater.
Thanks!
made me sound smart.
Bet you don't mind his accent, right?
Nor the wily Scot's.
heard the other 16 players all threw in 10 bucks each so bubble boy can get rub and tug !
if i start fightin will any of yall support me?
on October 17th, can't wait!
Good luck tonight on Conan
Hola mister Doob !
Spent 2 ys in Andalusian hills with shepherds learning the slingshot  love Spain, love your work.
Need your help.
10:42am and still no response.
I'm disappointed in Foursquare.
Though maybe they're on Pacific time?
I overslept .
Gah idk whether to be happy or upset cause I couldn't fade English today .
Thanks for the follow
I love streaming netflix at 37,000 ft.
Thanks GoGoInFlight!
nothing much what about you ?
Ugh, I was in row Y, I am now in the lawn.
:
I'm So ready to give this last speech!!!!
Lol yay!
:
closet full of clothes yet nothing to wear hm
Oh happy day!
I can't wait 2 get my hands dirty while planting my herb garden!
I love to stay on top of celebrities Nintendo News: Nintendo Download Highlights New Digital Content for Nintendo Systems REDMOND, Wash.
Fat ass
How tf did Angelica trick the kids into thinking Chuckie was turning into a chicken lol
Studying for math:/ pray for me!:P
You are so pretty just wanted to remind you of that!!
Miss you!!
Yea yea yea first born
MT Join us , for snacks  author talk 5/21 6:308 pm free!
Matt, hoped you liked the sound of that chord.
Did you score it for the choir?
lmao.
You should see the sink...
happy b day T2!!
party of 5th ave is just crushing the burgh, i have grandmas asking me to play it
I agree that and addoctorssing the generational difference between leadership and young professorssionals
ok chill
Tell me whoo!!!
I wont tell; Come one now!!
Is it Austy?!;
NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time!
Proud of St.
Thomas for having it's first ever 100 season!
Right there with ya!
After consulting with the OED, I have decided to call the people in my workplace coworkers as opposed to colleagues.
Just sayin'...
oh no now u r not going!!???
Did u c my TWEETS about u n reprising ur Roles from THE BOY IS MINE in Movie?
I wrote it?
but are you all still speaking to one another?
Angel3 omg im gonna start practicing
you stole my tweet bishh
you HAVE to come to London!
Margot  The Nuclear So and So's popping up on my Pandora 
Oh really...
well then, let me get off nsfw and and mosey on over.
Prepare for the worst and pray for the best...weezy
Have to admit after seeing the tweets about Tweetdeck for Iphone, I installed the app  agree the interaction w/the desktop client is great.
U think so?
Why thank u!
Hi guys I just made my twitter!
: FOLLOW ME!!!
:D

where my money at  who says that ?
RT : Next event 10/13  is cooking us breakfast!
Donations accepted...
My phone sucks...
thanks for flagging!
Spring is officially here!
Just watched Florence  The Machine Live on Fuse.
sent!
Talk to you soon
I wish I had friends to hang out with
doctornking coffee working on my print portfolio...
its all finally coming together.
Better days ahead!
My heart is beaten down, but I'm always coming back for more.
There's nothing like love to pull you up ...
:
That stupid grin you can't get off of your face when you really like someone you are texting...
Yep it's very hard to do this music without the scores, because every song is in a different language, and one of our songs
please follow us
win it back for illinois!
if they can take our surly  new glarus, then we get back our good GI!
A pile of rocks ceases to be a rock when somebody contemplates it with the idea of a cathedoctorl in mind.
Antoine de SaintExupery...
BUILD
the end was better than the beginning
Trueconfessions I'm the guy in every POV porno you've ever seen.
Josh Hamilton 4 Home Runs  1 Double tonight ....
18 total bases
This is why he kicks ass:: : Call me and leave me a message, and why I should call ya back!
646 201 9368
Watching Indiana Pacers at Miami Heat with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
do you still watch TV?
anyone cancel their cable or satellite service?
would love to connect and get your story
That's where u going?
RT : Sigma party at Ibiza nightclub in dc
I know you are.
that picture was taken a few years ago when he visited a Columbus family for a cookout.
He's been a longtime OH guy :
interview w/ re women,business,jobs, politics.
Included , Sandi DiMola, MJ Tocci,
where is it?
If you could see anything in the ocean, what would it be?
We would of course choose Manta Rays!
But then again, it is also Humpback season!
oh which one?
Xo J
oh hell yes!
Hi Emily I see you've watched some of my youtube videos and I've watced some of yours.
Have a great day.
Hugs.
lmao.
center fielder pitching for kansas city
lol was I really ?
Wow I need to pay attention more .
haa watching looney tunes :D  :D
finally finished THE ART OF FIELDING, whew.
now I need a new book to read!
it's coming
i thought i was the only one!
so where could I find em?
I just have a problem with OVER regulation which is what I think has happened in the past decade.
Paul was only alternative to that
I liked Sabathia until he went for the big money.
If he'd have left for San Francisco that would have been ok.
He sold out.
aw you aint one of them triflin mommas you go to school n woek u gone take care of yo child
Performing LIVE tonight at CLOUD NINE in The Gardens....join me from 69 for doctornks, fun and awesome music....
There are too many Daniel's in the room.
isitwrongtotweetatmyself?
YouKnowYoureBroke your only form of entertainment is
cool, I'm sure you'll decide to get it.
yo, the link on the shorty award site points to sarah D nadav .com either register that, or have 'em fix it!
Hope the exam goes well!
Be sure to visit our website, rightdirectioninc.org, for updates about our mission, events, and future endeavors.
I NEED A VOLUNTEER To transport my magnificence to a session.
Who is up to the challenge?
I DONT THINK IT CAME OUT YET
INVESTMENTDo you know the financial rating of your health ins co?
Can it affect claims and rates?
Get your book www.theprofessorttrap.com
We like to follow local NEO twitters to show support for CLE.
Sipping green tea, listening to Bowerbirds, and anticipating a ride home makes editing math syllabi a joyful experience.
fb status saying they're helping their kid w/ homework and spells busy bussy twice...so obviously its not a typo!
Im Gone M.A.D.
Money All Day .G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
Yeah, I'm not sleeping tonight...
i fly like paper, get high like planes.
I just got why it's called Shoes on a Shoestring.
: fo real fo real //is there some type of study guide/handbook I can purchase with all this lingo!?
Way to go, RT Each Mets batter is using a Beastie Boys song as his walktotheplate music.
That;s one hell of a rollback.
You're in position to dole out your own OughtaWinATony list.
the tweet?
Or FB?
to be fair, I didn't crush him.
Also, Haith wasn't a replacement when Self left for bigger, better things.
Aka KU.
Injustice can be removed, but human conflicts and natural limits cannot be removed.
Wasn't Rumi calling IK naive 4 advocating dialogue with Taliban ?
Y the silence now that US is doing that ?
OK little bear honey bun!
haha

I am a far far better dancer than singer.....
Celebrate W.
W.
Norton authors  friends this afternoon at our wine reception in booths 308  309 at 4 o'clock.
Work til 9, start your summer off right and come get a new smartphone!
Should be fun....
my class was cancelled and I went to CAPS  brag or beat?
Remember my old car ,well that was taken away by the GOP, has the keys now..so join me in this automobile
okay im not either
HoeLies 73: I'm attracted to his personality.
that sucks 
up pickin out tracks for this disney project.....this year has been full of opportunity that me and tkn full advantage of!
District weekend!
Teacher: We don't have class on Friday.
Any plans?
Me: raises hand Teacher: Ustream is not included!
Me: le puts down hand slowly
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/23/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Maryland Writers: Follow for updates on writing contests, publishing opportunities, and weekly writing prompts.
Another early bird morning!
Let's be productive!
:
I've been so off lately, I know why.
I apologize.
But I'm good to go now.
OTGTIPS DONT TALK TOUGH, IF YOU WOULDNT DO IT IN PERSON.
THE WORLD IS SMALL
If Black Adder is correct, even the turnip eating could be salacious.
Citizen journalism give people power they didnt have before
I'm not blind anymore.
Absolutely!
Giving ya'll a listen and I dig.
Please email me
I know.
I retweeted cat litter: But that is what we use for our 7 cats.
Yes 7 felines.
Love them all.
: : Catholic?
U can't just pick  choose which parts are acceptable then give it a new name EPISCOPAL
would you prefer to experience augmented reality through goggles or via a set of disposable contact lenses?
Cc/
It's sometimes hard to fight the negativities of people who don't believe you are destined to do great things.
U R appreciated.
Just did my P90X.
I'm beat!
I just got to BELIEVE that someday will notice me!
Brewer Magic begins today!
: Happy pitchers and catchers reporting day!
brewers
she said she not madd but she is
upstream2012 you are not alone!
We welcome working together to share resources and partnerships at
The same person that thinks Kali is a good idea also thinks Lord Tensai is a good idea.
Today's Judy Duty approach?
Based on hair length.
Short: Guilty.
Long: Not Guilty
WHERE DID YOU HEAR THIS.
casting Casting call Casting Print Rate: 2500.00  20 agency.
Non union video rate option : 750.00  20
im lost
wish I could, but I'm in San Fran  enjoy!
After watching BasketballWives im glad im not a basketball player.
Alice, you blind?
Can't you see that's my brother?
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for ..
You're so welcome!
People complain about racism around the Hunger Games, but the advertising doesnt bring anything but white character to the forefront
glee singing one direction tonight...lets see how they wreck it up 
Whatever Negatives That You Need To Mend Into Positives Make sure you do so because u never know when its ur time to go
Hugs!
You're very welcome!
Love Team
it's a big tie between and love them both!!
:
if we play yall the game will be at Coppell?
So.
Tired.
Need.
Sleep.
.....goodnight twitter xo
Summer Buzz Cut...aka...bagohair!
Ah!
Yeen know I gotta go.....where your going......I gotta get back to the money
RT if you have a facebook.
Ha ha ha!!!
I wonder if Lindsay is involved.
I read something about NESS :
A2: Both.
Networking online can help make connections with anything you find in your search, connect the dots
Have free preview of NBA Pass on broadband.
May never leave the house again.
Well, at least until November 1.
Your bad attitude is a result of your upbringing
Your our neighborhood fav.
Your staff is always so nice to us.
Makes it easier to take 2 kids out!
Another day in Manhattan.
Where is the best cup of coffee in Morningside Heights, and what is its soundtrack?
Your website should be able to display any language.
Unicode Standard is the character encoding standard for written characters and text.
Me and my cast are listening the iSoundtrack 2.Were having nice time on set!
Alves sent off!
Got him!
Go Barack!
that fat one kept kissing the old man.
doctorwing a picture of you!!!
Might Bring it with me to one of your concerts!
oh don't act dumb Bitch!
: Oh, no.
Just too many acronyms to keep up with!
gonna doctorss up tomorrow :
....and sometimes i even procrastinate at procrastinating.
thats my birthday :
Hey!
I'M the idiot around here!
RT Ok, I'm an idiot...HOW did I forget about the Peoples Choice Awards?!?!
Love Adele  so glad she won song of the year.
im going to trivia at houndstooth on monday.
you and mishy in?
otherwise ill just stop by on my way :
Hey asshole, don't honk when someone is waiting for an emergency vehicle to pass.
That is all.
it's a lush magazine!!!
The early bird get the worm first
Thank you so much!
:
Leff: All ontological entities have been recoded in economic values
Wish there was more talent at safety in this year's doctorft
you're my arbiter of all things celluloid  i look forward to your take on DARK SHADOWS!!
Sometimes you just need to sit back and be thankful for all the things you have.
Watch Your Back, Cuz I'm Coming In A Heart Attack.
pittsburgh  philadelphia
The weekend is near
Not weirdwalking is great exercise!!
Go for it!!
whatever , u was bein rude
What u got I got everything u got wth
What kind of dog
I have a bum knee right now, and you're making me feel inadequate.
Nails tanning gym salon and then my lovess place.
Going to be a productive day :
Oh they playing Yeah3x in this restaraunt:
And if you think about Knicks usually win on Sundays.
me too !
Beards are bitchin'.
Too bad wives and girlfriends don't think so.
hey guys.
I need one of these.
Greg Little, Crabtree, or Ochocinco.
Who ya got?
Thanks!
yay!
finally he followed me 3 !thanks!
Felt kinda sick and nervous all day but that was so so worth it.
panel/mixer was bomb!!
Right back at ya!
As test data becomes our priority, the more we will script curriculums leading lockstep 2test.
Teaching will b teacherproof
thanks for texting me about the spurs game.......
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Coop in West Oakland.
Brand new look.
Same great flavors.
Chef Toussaint Haki Stewart
miss you too!!!
one older brother three younger hate it
Please tell me I didn't see lil Wayne wit green UGGs on
I love the feel and read books...
I am sorry to see Border's Bookstores completely liquidating stores.
39;Hunger Games39; and 39;Bridesmaids39; top MTV Movie Awards nominees
hugs you
We shall.
Angel Cabrera accessed a 2 stroke penalty after getting caught smoking a onehitter during the first round of the
ACK!
Why is Hulu not loading all of a sudden??
Are there tech issues on Hulu's end, or is something wrong with my computer/connection?
Oh no, is it over?
Just finished 1st sub 40 min 5 miler in 2 years...Need a beer to celebrate!
I LOVE this picture.
Tell Zach im doing the same thing right now
that's so very thoughtful of you!
Surely hope you're feeling so much better today!
About to head to onnof  the light festival proposed by Sierra Stinson and sponsored by
Giants wins I no it's a lot of people upset
wow really?
well i have a lot of questions ..
can i email you?
lol ..
sorry i know this is weird but im so indecisive.
she's dancing with the stars when she's dancing on my bed
Don't have a table to eat your food off of?
It's cool, I'll be your table.
So how much money did you spend on tiny tower this weekend?
LOL Katie.
BTW, I'm a token MOB :
See first tweet: This will SOON be...
Still not a fully operational battle station yet.
thank you so much!!!
Ryan Leaf could spend five years in Montana custody after pleading guilty to multiple charges
tuneyards: fiya.
i like the homegrown muddled controlled sounds.
Wow, my subconscious slapped me upside my head in my doctorams last night.
Big props to my colleague for Polar Plunging today and then coming to work HALF FROZEN to report for us tonight!
QuestionOfTheDay: When is the next digital summit?
Just read the lyrics to one of his songs and you can't help but laugh.
Lmaoo.
it was especially talking to u it is my honor your hubby is an awesome football player LOVE MY PACK!
U have a beautiful fam3
Cassidy Turley Continues National Expansion into Los Angeles; Recruits Veteran Team to Open Office
So, Spotify pretty much blows iTunes  Pandora away.
My 19 montholds favorite word today is butt paste and it's on repeat.
Going to get some looks when out shoppingtoday!
Did someone say Pumpkin Spice Latte?
Come and get it..
At least go on a date with me and we will call it even
RT : a wise old man once said offence.
British Prohibitions and Inspections Act 1998 s47
Gah!!
Why can't smash be on tonight!!
I hate waiting till mondays!
Seems so long!
Working on news story  need users who R running in the Pittsburgh marathon,  or relay.
Contact us as
Heading out to Theorizing the Web, should be an interesting day!
lmao, thats like a week away.
same thing happened to me last night.
Give it a day, it'll pass.
What to do when you look at your Twitter feed and you are not interested?
Some nights when I do the 3rd street promenade and old people and their kids are giving me weird looks i wonder what the hell im doing
That Bomb Chick Is My Chick Forever :
I think it's something like, Interesting.
Thanks for your input.
im so cold...where df is the sun?!
Damn you Shaka!
Young Alumni  don't miss this!
yPenn Highball  PennAW 9 PM  12 AM; Houston Hall, Hall of Flags
I'll go to Beverly Hills with my girls love this place!
Just washed my face in holy dirt, then in the river at the Santuario de Chimay.
I feel lighter, cleaner.
I be getting high just to balance out the lows .
sup ma what you doing?
thanks...I gave up for today Everything is too big or too small
Tix to Cap Beerfest and Sac Brewers Showcase on sale at Rubicon and River City Brewing, Sam Horne's Tavern in Folsom and Perfecto Lounge
: RT bitrebels.
It's refreshing!
A most needed relief.
:P
These niggas just cracked open the fire hydoctornt
musesocial.
Not sure all audiences want this kind of particip.
For those who do, how do they find what museum offers re SM?
Arresting ppl is obviously not the problem.
So what's the solution?
Why is VEVO not doing anything?!
Last night on the radio, you were discussing vinyl.
You failed to mention the harmonics from the sound that enhances the music.
And I have the house all to myself....
Not the aunt?
I'm not leaving ;
okay babes..imma try to sleep...wish me luck babes : I LOVE ME SOME U :
When I Was Younger, I Put My Face Close To The Fan To Hear My Robot Voice.
damn it feels good to be a gangster.
haha why thank you!
: give credit to for that one...
boy your just sloppy lol why hollering at all these girls on your page  ask me if i want your number ?!
lol
That is great to hear.
Will pass along to Thanks so much!
inaug09 staked out spot on the mall.
Can sort of see a jumbotron
Aww shit I got a geometry test today
Glitterpixie: Was just feeling stressed out.
You're reminding us to have perspective  to face challenges with bravery  humor
u at home alredy?
hahaha oh no boy maybe down there its fancy but over here we have a grocerie store named RALPHS lol lame!!!!
And oh wow :
Edward BulwerLytton The same refinement which brings us new pleasures exposes us to new pains.
Follow me  RT all things that are way cool.
np climax usher
thanks sweets!
Good morning !
Happy Monday well actually skrew Monday's but sense it's June it's a happy Monday right ?
VASA Tet Trung Thu is tomorrow!!
Its at SU Ballroom at 6PM!
Come out to see all the many performances!!!
Morning : hotel meeting w GM  team, setup.
These are pretty much the same everywhere.
Hope for quick run in Stanley Park later!
Thank you BarTab and for having us we had a blast!!!
hey would you be interested in a full time ruby job in center city phila?
WWW.shinerinternational.com look at our rocking bed.
You need your conference badge to come in.
I am not positive they will let you in without one.
I want to doctornk Bacardi with Luly.
popped the pimple on the back of my neck true love right there haha
socialmedia Social wisdom is represented by the intersection of technology with the human network.
Of course, the week after I bench Billy Butler he decides to start hitting.
Omg this funky ass dog pissed n that shit is ugh
How Indiana Jones feels about archaeology: That's how most men feel about women.
A lifelong curiosity and fascination.
BUZZ IS OUT!
THIS SUN!
CELEBRATE LIFE LADIES FREE B4 11P!
OFFICIAL BDAY PARTY!
Shout out to the two best bosses ever and for being so fab!
Las Vegas News channel will be interviewing me at 6 for.
News at 8 tonight!
hey did you find me via my educational music app on the iphone/ipad?
No but seriously, i walk in everyday and ask are you brian long?
't be.
Nervous U no what u pass this test.
U r smart person u will do good.
Good luck tell me how it went
Thanks for the shout out!
You don't want to know because if you did you would ask someone who BELIEVES the Jury got it right!
and many people do!
Does one do easter baskets for 20yo vocal majors?
If so, what?
Congrats, Hawkeye!
RT : Excited to see graduate from and eat !
I'm preparing, too.
My outline is flexible.
thanks for taking a stand.
You're a class act.
SaySomething is completely AMAZING!!!
ii loved it!!!!
keep working hard!
its hard to ignore it.
Fuck off Deangelo Williams.
This is Cam's team you POS.
.
Wondering how long it'll take for the people we're following to start following us back.
I so
Hi Gloria, would you consider giving or selling me your twitter handle?
It is my real name and I would love to have it.
Just scored a summer internship at Project Ethos!
So ready to show em my PR skills
Thank God it's not the Cowboys!
now annoying couple are talking about how they have no money to get home, but it's no big deal because the dude is going to play guitar.
Ha!
you watch that too?!?!
Oh boy.
Sit down tomorrow.
I decided one day to rename my hard doctorve Dat Ass so my computer once a month would ask me 'Do you want to back Dat Ass up?
A nice article highlighting some very cool programs RT : GLIDE's Blog: Summer in the City and on GLIDEs rooftop!...
hi there.
i haven't been here in a while.
hope you're doing well!
started working on epublishing for apple.
interesting!
Thank you for following me on tweeter  add me as friends!
everything comes back on u 10 times harder!!
Virginia Woof is a non professort dog daycare and pet supply store.
They provide job training and employment to homeless youth
I have an indie film audition on Sunday!
Woohoo!
Greatful!
When will release the 1984 playoffs Cubs vs.
Padoctors on DVD?
RT : You should be following
Cuse loses and it will be out on Caldwell St in many pieces.
Orange are mental midgets and Boeheim even worse.
I'm inna office, alright!
thanks very much for the follow!
Please let me know if have any mattress or furniture needs?
Where can I find sum budd in Vegas....
Any suggestions????
No, I'm doing distributed configuration in a secure environment.
I need to manually configure and edit various IIS MMC knobs
I've been to those carts before.
Would NOT recommend.
Obviously she didn't stop by our cart...
no depression!
Well nothing that a single malt can't cure.
Im too glad to be off work.
Its been one long ass day.
I miss you brother/replacement boyfriend/bff :
SuitingDown, it's one of the saddest parts of my day
im hungry af.
money tight I'm on for the week!
's Tontlawald was magical the blend of voices of the entire cast was mesmerizing
..
bladder, seminal vesicles, prostate or urethra, intense burning immediately following ejaculation may occur.
Why would Interactive Brokers ever think it would be a good idea to have the slogan Join the 1 in the commercial?
Stellar marketing team!
You are a gift to the world, a divine work of art, signed by God.
you haven't changed one bit3
Good luck on the new video!
I'm sure it's gonna be amazing.
Send pics.
i just bought the coolest cat tshirt
Let's Go Celtics!
lady at kroger didn't check my ID when I bought alcohol because she recognized me from last night when I bought alcohol
Wow...
support is fantastic!
I just finished a 1.68 mi run with a pace of 93'05/mi and a time of 2:36:49 with Nike GPS.
Thanks to you all for liking my page .
I miss my cousins i haven't seen them for about 3 years now : why do they have to live so far
: Obviously y'all don't watch TV
Ah I have a headache 
LL LIP LICK HAND EXSTENDED CUM HERE 4 A MIN I GATA THING 4 THICK HIPS BROWN EYES CHANNEL 5 LIPSTICK N U CAN B MY MISSIES BETTER YET MY MISTR
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe :
You're welcome, Baltimore.
Love my big white TE!
Hey Matt!
There is another contest  this one is for cash!
I'm gonna unlock your badge and give you a boost!
Remember when the Brewers use to be known for scoring runs in the first inning?
Our Texas Americana artists know we help get them gigs AND we're developing a Texas Music festival in the Texas Hill Country...
more to come
may we set up a get together meeting?
I'm trying to follow them all on twitter cuz I couldn't find a site with a central list
Quote of the day: it's take a whole whack of people to make some shit happen
Thank you  my grandmother Anna Sullivan was from Cork.
Irish Italian is a Boston must!
Filming your audition piece as we tweet!
You get that feature!
interest something witty here.
I'm too tired to do so :D
National Championship Monday !!
12 pitchers  5 Soco/Lime shots during the big game.
Wear Blue!!!
Happy Milwaukee Day 4/14!
What special Milwaukee thing will YOU do today?!
I Don't Know.
Maybe Close the Door?
RT Missing something from your special day?
Enter our Wedding Wishes Contest!
www.tinyurl.com/mwdcww
8:30 PM  Rob Brackenridge playing at the Comedy Club on State
So bored
Twitter is always going to be better than Facebook
I was in 6th period and my teacher was behind me and he had his dick all up in back.
I was like WTF DUDE?!
tells me fell out of bed Saturday and my knee is all swollen now just like my arms
Damn this shit too crazy
Come thru in that forest green whatever year it is Haha
About to take my husband to LAX for the start of this 3week excavation in Turkey.
Not going this time, but hopefully next.
:
My music edgy and street, abd u got tracks that tackle all subjects!
Gettin money, club tracks, talk my shit tracks, etc
Ugh.....we'll see, we'll see!!
London Bridges burning down...burning down haha
yeah just got back from the hostpital really bad stumak ack
Good morning friend!
Sounds like you are starting off to a wonderful day.
Enjoy!
scan yesterday.
Pray all those dark spots are cleared up ASAP.
I told him to take as much time as he wants to heal.
Man City fans really know how to celebrate a championship!
: : I didn't text you last night, vodka did Opshaha love that.
Haha
Wow, I can hear the foghorns from the river.
Must be bad out there.
400 pound women should not wear spaghetti tops on motorcycles ee
me too!
Lol.
A little excited about holiday time with your fam are ya.
I'm the same way
Great idea.
RT : I was going to suggest you consider my emailers letter as a subject for
New mac store at the mall!?!?
Hell yes!
: Shurmur said Browns had info that prompted them to move up interesting...
where am i?
Most women will never get what they want in a man...
Untill a man realizes what he needs in a woman...
3F room 123!
two teams here!
Funny to me that got thousands of followers more than half these CERTIFIED people and even a parody page  what up TWITTER?
20ThingsAboutMe number 19 I'm fucking scared of plans and I have a big reaction to dust  pollen
Fruit punch water!
Great deal to go to the movies.
Can use for raffle prizes, gifts or treat yourself.
Shower time!
you know...
have to be non stinky in case someone was actually to see me!
Having a song stuck in your head all day and finally getting really stoned and listening to the fuck out of it.
Great!
I look forward to meeting you.
I'd like to parch myself  Got anything Italian cuz is parched yeah, what's doctornking good?
I love my show choir Dynamics !!!
Tonight was awesome, and I love all my fellow seniors
haha, btw i'm squatting on your about.me page
hey errybody guess who's pissed THIS GIRL 3
My buddy got a gift box of hard to find candy from the 60s good try.
I think necco wafers are hard to find because nobody wants them
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor
Allen Iverson's practice rant was 10 years ago today.
exactly.
Great photo.
Oh the adorableness!
I've gotta see him in person.
;
make them some pot cookies this holiday season....they'll smile like MF'rs!
Jaguar Land Rover in talks over Ethel Austin factory
Can you go by that .700 OPS with him not having as many at bats as the other players?
life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life.
Even though we lost our volleyball game :
Dashon Goldson's HIGHEST POINT Foundation  Train 'Em Up Academy invite Youth  HS FB players 2 DB CAMP in July!
Info coming soon
Who is going to the bookfest this weekend?
Common misunderstandings of laws  what to do if stopped by police: Aug 9, 67:30p, Center for Culture  Community
Good thing my hubby is a Capicorn!
RT : Scorpio compatible signs: Capricorn, Cancer, Virgo, Pisces
Awesome!
That was quick!
Can't wait to start brainstorming with the group!
And that would be Ian MacKaye being cool.
Me, not so much.
Whenever puts up the mail Vlog is going to have a heart attack
What do you think about players getting paid to play in the Olympics?
So folks are straight up nasty
Sounds clever.
Let's see it
Humming the song Chapel of Love.
Another happy day for hopeless romantics!
:
Vote to allow opt in under discussion
20ThingsAboutMe I hate cute relationships, because I know I'll never have one like that.
Working on the new website design.
Finished the video gallery and it looks great.
RT The Democrats fortunes are tied to the economy.
The Republicans fortunes are tied a handful of rich peoples fortunes.
If you want to Instagram pictures of our food we wouldn't mind!
Come on over!
I used to like at one stage...
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet : TREND IT!
Every day for almost a year I've gone to sleep and woken up with the same thing on my mind.
How to live with regret.
great!
We are set!
Ate 4 meals already today and haven't even eaten dinner yet.
Me too!
Thank you for last night 
I think so
yeah its alright
I like it bro.
Breaking FUCKING ANKLES with a pump fake the KOOSHIN Trey Bombies?!?!!
another long day at work.
i'm going to for dinner.
no question.
Thanks!
You as well!
I need some food in my life like right na!
searching for a Quality Assurance Manager with AIB experience
Spring time and beautiful weather!
Get in shape with Pilates workout!
Classes in Mt.
Washington on Mondays and Wednesdays.
Join in!
Everyone asks what is wrong with my legs ..
Their bruised .
My shin splints must've gotten bad enough to bruise ..
Within Temptation Posts quot;The Unforgiving South American Tourquot; Video Report Teaser  Metal Underground
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices.
Take it or leave it.
Some people act krazy for no reason
the question is...
Is Jesus!
Starting new work with The Collective: ropes  spirals
Homework Is there a uniform/working definition for the term homework?
Who should develop it and why?
Hey KD is still standing on the 3 pt line with one hand in the air begging for someone to throw him the ball.
lol
It was a great weekend in Racing for some of our friends and doctorvers and teams!
...you will see a recap on Cowboy's wall!
Elite performers have remarkable mental clarity and stamina...do you?
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's  One Up 25 cent Wing Special , and late evening with DJ 12 Tribe spinning
Even angels learn to fly.
Happy Birthday to :
: how museums get in our own way: People are coming there.
They want to engage with you.
DON'T PREVENT THEM FROM ENGAGING.
Assembly Hall  anywhere else.
Simply put.
It's okay.
: What have you been up to?
Dear Fox News, I have yet to see any news about foxes.
Sincerely, Disappointed viewer
It wasn't about writing the book, it was about righting my life.
Pa.
gambling board names new head of enforcement  Philadelphia Inquirer
Dave is giving away stuff today  actually it was to a young woman from the neighborhood who just finished her Math 111 final  congrats!
use the time to study and do homework.
Or crochet
Working on this childoctorn's line is super motivating and fresh.
Stoked to move that feeling back over to
i know me too i hate it!
At what point does the zombie of Benny Hill run out on the court with Yakety Sax playing?
dayum no rest for the trolls I see
: Sleep well All thanks!
Just got home from dancing.
Turning in.
Night all
About to fill out my work bracket
Congrats Look forward to seeing you there.
Can you please come to Roanoke, VA.
Would you be OK with less Cubs and Sox games a year?
I'm tired of my phone interceptin texts....
I find it funny tho smh
Hugo count: 5 out of 7
Thanks to and for highlighting our newest retailer, , this morning.
Beautiful segments!
I'm well  how are you??
It's been ages!!
Alright, who's going tonight?
dinner at starts at 6pm!
I mean what a message.
My campaign isnt about the people of San Diego it is all about me!
Horrible turned out day.
Did best to stay focused and somewhat positive.
Knowledge is consciousness of reality.
Reality is the sum of the laws that govern nature and of the causes from which they flow.
Ima take lessons this summer.
G shit though.
It's back to seeing the doctors.
I talked w/ coach Ellis.
Good luck w/ everything.
i've been right here.
Just got back to a data plan I can deal with!!!
exaactly.
relationships nowadays are annoying.
i cant stand teen relationships.
except mine and phils, of course.
Bruises on bruises on bruises
At the point where i don't care what people think of me and I'm the happier then I have ever been:
I felt like I was at the doctor for my truck...
had to take him to emissions testing.
I was nervous.
He passed with flying colors!!!
nothing u
Using Twitter for the very first time!
doing well!
Yes, let's...hit me back with an email with some times you're available...Happy Monday!
s/o to for the follow
So far so good with this Creative Cloud.
Install applications like mobile apps.
Time to make peeps laugh give em a 'Good Friday' and 'Passover' the mic to some great comics!
8p Bellyroom
never been more ready in my life
One more hour here in the Los Angeles area for celebapprentice and to see
How do you really feel?
Are you a small business?
What do you do?
OMG!
Just saw a guy with a cookie monster hat on the bus to MIT.
Nerd envy!
everybodys waiting for you to breakdown.
everybodys watching to see the fallout.
Bring your teddy bear to work day!
I don't think my parents liked me.
They put a live teddy bear in my crib.Woody Allen.
I 
Econ Student: If something is more expensive, people will not want to buy more of it.
Substitution effect.
Competition among lowest rung.
Thanks for the FF shout out Enjoy the weekend.
love you too!
and no problem!
Where are all these mouses coming from!!
Maybe its summer but they're in backyards everywhere!!
:
thanks...
it'll be okay, just a really shocking news story about someone I know...
Congrats Britt 3 LOVE it girl!!!!!
xo
Thanks for following us!
Did I really get an attendance letter when school is almost over.
Fuck off Pisd!
Did you contact your representative about PIPA and SOPA?
Why not?
don't worry way ahead Of you DVR'd it since last week.
Here we go...
:Just finished our 2nd official instore class.
I love teaching this stuff!
congrats!
Love our hood
You're good at hockey and pretty cool
not true lol
welcome to this weird birdy.
It just got better with your arrival.
The atmosphere looks great at IF YOU BUILD IT...THEY WILL COME.
Lil kids run up to be saying OGkush they neighborhood hero
Your welcome!
: Congrats to !
Enjoy Lincoln Park!
Day two at Chicago GreenFest.
So much to see and do and buy today!
I'm sexi  I know it...I work out!
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle...yeah!!!
favSuperBowlcommercial :
Where the hell is Eminem lately?
Any time : RT : thanks man
For you, anything.
My weird life  listening to talk with about the vCloud environment I'll be managing in 2 weeks.
Dance Party Saturday?
somehow, even though it's officially offered by the Commune of Venice, the daily toilet card sounds quite unbeautiful
Join CARL LEE HAILEY from A TIME TO KILL and Advocate for the Release of 10 of the Millions of Humans LockUp in the USA 
It IS a family movie.
So there are times when there are really campy jokes.
But then there are weird adult themes.
I say 5/10.
As it should be bestever RT MC bracket and Tupac edges Eminem by just over 100 votes.
vociferous houseboat: J.T.
Ready
what's your shift Friday?
illtakeit peters, we should just run shit Friday when we were supposed to be off
I've been walking Matagorda bay, thinking about you the whole day.
you are hating on the redskins?
Come on man!
I think I underestimated how tired I would be today.
Latest lesson from publishing culture clashprint pub depts just try to play catchup, digital pub depts preplan and test exhaustively.
Navarro gets a big insurance here in the 7th and now leads 53 bottom 7
money is like tetris its all bout how u stack it
When trynna lose weight, the scale sayz one thing and the body sayz another.
Whatever it is, love yaself!
thanks, did not write the headline but all the other words!
you're right x I'd lock you outside.
Os game, caps,NBA playoffs, done college and myrtle on sunday
Classes in the morning!
Trying to figure out a nice plan of things to do in Waikiki
Final beer lineup for fEASTival 2012 is announced!
and !
Come thirsty May 19th!
Bout to blow this sweet an stare at naked bitches, yeap I said that shit
Hey Cel just hit u w/a msg.
Holler back when u can
You gotta let this one breathe Jus
My house!
As Brett Keisel says we wont know anything bout Rainey in the Nfl til Aug.til he proves it,he is unproven
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 6
good luck : although I'm sure you'll be fine!
Watching the fashion show rehearsal .
.
.
Woo hooooooo.
Big floral headpieces are so hot right now.
True...I'll just have to give super hugs the way you do from now ob
dm please and yes
What the boyz favorite thing about winter?
Amber Schlosser from Indiana!:
Did you know that 1 out of every 11 American women owns her own business!
Start yours today  www.thehomeoffice.com The hbb expert, Helene
Travis Henry of NFL fame has double digit baby mams.
fat girl wearing a shirt that says get fit
who thinks Patton should be in Troma's next movie!!!
Need a new job.whose hiring.
Thanks Steve Jobs, rest in peace
I'm bored tweet a nigga.
Lol
lol till now no one has tried
Hello Glen, how are you?
new name???
1075kissbls
Catching up with the last podcast for w/ ...
pokemon???
Last day in the Couve.
I have to say that it has been an enjoyable stay, although I am ready to head back to Seattle and start working!
Everyone great luv!
How r u?
RT : Hey Lady!!
How you been?
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now reviewing app 130009 IndyBaroque Music.
Thank you!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day!!
Cool waiting for
we can qt : only can't rock that look
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 5
Is an easy follow back!
Recommend!
TEAMFOLLOWBACK Follow!
Make sure you setup a Jason Bourne deposit box with spare passport  3 pairs of louboutins in case the natives take over Chelsea
I will be in the audience during the Republican Debate, in S.
Carolina.
Will SC be Mitt Romney's Waterlloo or his Victory Stand?
What say U?
Movie with food and bevvies at Nitehawk in Williamsburg  the shit.
Spoiler alert: the movie's NC17.
Lol Women who remain single are likely to be high achievers of aboveaverage intelligence.
is making.....
Chicken Soup.
I just got finished watching Yung'N Tv video about lil Wayne blantly promoting satanic symbolisim smh this is a evil world we living in smh
Fighting off a head cold.
Does whisky help?
If the wedding WAS today, you would have seen me tweeting furiously: OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Just passed Newt Gingrich trudging solo across K street.
That guy REALLY looks like he needs a hug.
And a graceful exit strategy.
webwise what are the incentives and business model behind longterm data preservation?
Bosh finally getting the respect he deserves.
Even if he wasn't playing and still looks like a Raptor...
yeah southern IN ain't exactly the culinary capital of the world.
although we did get chinese take out a lot.
House of Wen!
how much fun was that?
I really need to big wheel it next time I go though...
Police dismantled a structure on OCCUPYDC.
Some arrests, camp still there.
Some went to Freedom Plaza encampment and were fed there.
You make Ladder Golf sound like quite the extreme sport, adds to Amazon wishlist
Absolutely.
I've always wanted to be Jordy from Star Trek: TNG.
First20SongsOnShuffle 18 Dill The Noise by and
Exactly!!
Why you all up in Yankees business?
Mind your mess in Queens!
We got this!
lol
nicely put!
the religious always want credit for not burning us at the stake
Thank you!
Back at you!
RT :
Agreed!
RT : A1 We believe quality ingredients are the start to a healthy meal.
I love a wedding!
Congratulations to Christine  Joel and Brook  Chuck!
It's going to be a beautiful day :
I just fuckin' with you kid.
auto correct can go straight to he'll
My human makes excellent fresh salsa with them: rinse them well first; blend with cilantro, garlic, chiles, salt.
Great pc games: Brave by Disney Pixar
The pretentious undergrads' face sucking sound is so loud I am definitely going to Projectile Vomit.
I'm pretty sure all my followers know my boyfriends name haha
Gosh, I hope my Math216 students can get back some of the 9.02 they spent on the textbook this semester.
OER FTW
It's a good group of guys to cheer for.
They remind me of the RedWings when they were going for the cup in '97
We hope you had a great time at !
Please come back soon!
Was so happy to hear this morning on We need you back Russ!
Go on a date with bucketlist ...yes ill be a cougar.
Thank you to all of the LC students for their kind words and support tonight.
You all made it a wonderful year.
See you tomorrow.
Pretty sure I've been to every prom store in Florida..
And still no doctorss :'
ya i was a rare form man....
but we gotta kick it some time soon tho
This child longed for positive attention but no matter what this child did it was never seen positive in the eyes of the parents in the home
they were too busy implementing the antiwords with friends strategy to worry about little things, like jetbridges
Lololol someone reached the site today with a web search for hawk harrelson dementia.
I'm surprised there aren't more
Time to hire a CMO...
Looking at the number of tweets about him, its safe to assume we caught Kony...right?
sounds like Packer material...
Jay, who is going to be your new cohost?
I am going to miss Dana, what is her new role?
in the back of my mind I was thinking unless they go IPO.
Shizzzz, just I have an alegbra test today :
One of my pet doves died today, and I miss him terribly.
I was wondering why all the streets were dug up around La Lengua, I should have assumed you had something to do with it
I literally blast at my desk and in my car daily.
I'm so hood
i love you bella thorne 3
Under 2 minutes; big ben 
Im never going bungee Jumping.
I was brought into this world because of broken rubber and im not leaving for the same reason.
Great job eagles and great job VY Vick get healthy and take notes.
What is this?
Haven't had that in so long I hardly recognize the word.
Tonight is one for those nights I just want to crawl in to a hole and not come out.
Just saw set the record straight on Herman Cain's 999 plan on with O'Donnell.
Great job!
ill be back friday morning...
coyote asap!
Well, I got a lot to say ,but no one to tell.
I just wanna know that he actually cared.
Torn
Do you know about the day here in Cincinnati and the rich Irish history?
Chuggin on white zin like its my jab
I'm going on in on must be a super power ?

hot in here!
It's my favorite song right now 3
Make sure you get your Vitamin D this fall, especially as you see less and less sunlight.
I've been to Michigan  not a bad state!
Escandarian: Give me a number.
I want history, I'll talk to Gene Autry.
ooohh does the mummy get a chance to wrap it up??
Well, at least the Dbacks lost as well.
BUYERS: historically low interest rates 3 place 2 live in the country now is the time 2 invest in ur future.
Contact me program 4 everyone
Lol these ppl!
Wynn is just a tool for people that are backing him financially.
these people want a gambling monopoly and dont want competitors like FullT
come on spring break with me
I've decided I no longer need sleep.
Yup, I'll keep telling myself that.
Doh!
is really going to miss Windows 6.
I MISS YOU TOO..LOL
i feel the same too !
the gay boys are so far AWAY !!!
i just cant get enough of them .
:DD
Presentation now!
Ahh excitement to get this over and done with!
Its better now lolz
we should get YEE trending!
you agree?
:
People search on twitter!
Check us out in South Lake Union or Bellevue.
Good luck with your move!
Tallahassee friends!
We're coming to you at Inside The Target Car  Gorgeous  Oh The Let Go!
at The Shark Tank It's gunna be fun, and FREE!
Just realized the Knicks still haven't won a playoff series since they traded Ewing.
Guess that's just the Ewing Theory.
Thanks!
I cried while writing it.
I love my family :
yayy me and went on our way home and had to tell you.
Bad things happen in threes.
Good things happen in sixtynines.
Hey you should follow back
hey baby i love you :
Hi Andoctora, I plan to get n there soon.
I'll fill u n when I c u.
ive been good miss u how you been ?
Ahahahahaha!
I love it!
I've been up since 5  trying to go back to sleep
That's horrifying lol!
I'm glad there wasn't actually a spider in your bed!
wow that was a long time ago
To bad no more Storm Chasers on tv!
Always enjoyed watching your team go after tornados.
We miss having you around!
I wanta know what you've already done, not what you finna do .
Congratulations!
Let us know if we can help during your transition!
this pink color is lasting wayy too long.
which should i do next teal or blue?
Bridesmaids, Crash
I just think that if we mandate that doctor perform abortions we're really not advocating choice.
Listening to explain baseball to me and I only wish was here to listen to his logic
THIS TIME tomorrow night we will be rocking out to our boy, I.CAN'T.WAIT.
Sex, doctorgs  rock n' roll.
Speed, weed  birth control.
Life's a bitch and then you die.
So fuck the world  let's get high!
20 pushups.
I added 10 as penalty for forgetting.
:
What would you cook in your new kitchen?
Me too Sydneey, because you are going with me.
:
Baby One More Tampon  Britney Spears
thats what I'm gonna study in college, and sports journalism
Sounds correct to me!
In the immortal words of Top Gear, That's quite a big gap you got there.
Staggering even.
It's my favorite too!
We are obviously from the same blood.
I love the song by Hunter that she repeats throughout haha.
Studio time going in like I'm diving and I can't swim
it adds texture
quantum leap, of course
My favorite thing about the Miami Heat organization is how they cover every seat in white so it's harder to tell how many people don't go.
Every Sunday we offer all you can eat sushi for 31.95.
Mondays we offer half off bottles of wine and sake!
LOL I KNEW THAT 
seriously whats up with all the stories this late every night?
Happy Easter!
any actual living and breathing continental philosopher and not a crossdoctorssing ordinary sort.
aka analytic
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
I just got my dad to say ERMERGERD, dat chizz is hilarious.
xD
And the first nominee for the Alex Rodoctorguez post season award for Outstanding Bitchness, ladies and gentlemen, LeBron James.
Hap Swift Day also!: Happy Mother's Day ANdoctorA SWIFT: MAMMA SWIFT!
Lol.
Glad that you all enjoy the TEDxPhilly presentation!
to play spain italy croatia.
i'll be spending at least 2 weeks in poland next summer!
joxer, get the jump leads.
Mother's Saloon in Ocean Boogie TONIGHT 911:30pm!
Writting this down.
There's a Sopranos script in here somewhere.
shut up!
yeesh, seems like ur gonna have a lot of bill signing to do
max you're my favorite band
Life Teaches....
Love Reveals
TY for following.
shortterm solution: search Google with the article title.
Clicking paywalled articles through Google disables paywall.
smh u so rude
hahaha, soorry.
My phone fell off of mu bed to so, yeaah.
:l damn phone!
who's got two thumbs and is making steak for lunch at work?
this guy.
Bobby V.
Lights Down Low
So, I have some free time tomorrow while my boyfriend goes to a concert.
Any takers?!
:D
Business meeting!
: RT : En route to Zakopane to meet up with !!
that movie 
RT : IKSRTFO if they don't start handing over these checks!
Imma send my Goonie Toones to lay down the LAW!
And none for Savannah Newbold.
Okay bye.
It's like Mean Girls..
get it?..
no?
Okay then...
:3
That Ace Hood lookin dude on Denver is pretty good
haha yeah I'm not sure about that one either...ill Google it
dont talk to demi shell be like what the flk
Fantasy sports time!
:
At work on this Hot ass day...wishin I was n traffic...u know wht they say  talks n all tht otha bullsht walks!!!
Marning twitts xD Rise and Shine UP and Adams
everybody got their opinions
true that ;
why can't I summarize my own book??
Ug, synopsis!
when you leave for work or chillin with ya so called GF...guess who she texting to invite over fOR some good dick?
; ..ME bruh!
any update on service returning in Baltimore?
hi laura.
How are you doing.
Hope.
U have a good weeknd!
what's new with u
Bitches wanna play in my and hair!
I hope everything works out sorry to hear that
Expecting a great crowd for ROOFTOP FRIDAYS tonight!
Chilling wit my fam ..
talkin bout old fights ..
my fam hood
Thank you for following.
I can't think of the essence of Brookland Park.
sure thing
has had a successful two days.
Aligned with an agency and voice work coming into my future :D
I can't say I like your choose!
But I get it :
much like Sean Payton waiting until he was ready
oomf said he was going to dick slap me Smh!!!
I've even seen her.
My Annie production is on November 11 and 12th.
There is 3 shows.
Cant wait!
Thank you!!!!
Not really, you learn that as an intern.
Ngoni!
Ok!
Thursday greetings to my tweeps in the Ndo and Nupe tongue.
I used to work in a fire hydoctornt factory.
You couldn't park anywhere near the place.

Smh...
do you have pictures?
RT hong kong

Thanks for the follow!
what did you do?
Like skateboard??
or roller skate??
3.
Take public transportation.
Or bike.
Or walk.
Goose Hollowers have a tough time as it is not on game days.
3 sure is awesome
Just finished The Solitary House.
Now there are two novels I want to reread immediately.
wove stories together brilliantly!
Thank you for the GREATEST HASHTAG EVER
Hahaha I can't wait for the new dance moms!!!
They're so lovely.
about how much for a local 30 sec ad during super bowl??
Nike, please stop making gym shorts that are so appealing; you're not helping my addiction
the fewling of a hot tight ass on my cock
I adore twitter, but your number of tweets far surpasses mine
that piece is just for photo shoots.
Ultra labor intensive.
I can consult on another piece though man
Does the MKE Cty Exec no longer count as local control?
That's too bad.
We just picked up a Spy Hunter.
We'll let you know if we put it out.
My roommates are insane and doctornk all night.
Park in my lot if u need just go down doctorveway.
i think thats what the kids call it these days...
how coincidental that we were gone at the same time ;
Not now chief, I'm in the zone...
See you next time!
I love lamp.
RagnarFLK TortoisesHares
I wish I had known about this event!
Did the OccupyTO protesters make their point?
Is it time for them to go?
Is there a next step?
lets do something for 420!:
Give us clean hands.
Give us pure hearts.
All I wanted was to install CS5 successfully.
Magic ISO, y u no work?!!!
With both Rust and Go gaining a fair bit of attention, it's pretty awesome to see systems programming languages see some evolution
It would be nice if I had friends who actually talk/text me
lolololololol lucky for her shes all carolina  I make luv.
To a Carolina girl
I want to join and get these crustations.
do you ppl actually believe that?Why would docs exodus in doctorves from socialized nations?
Rumor has it Tacos Marquitos may make an appearance.
Just finished reading The immortal life of Henrietta Lacks.
Wonderful read for all who use western medicine.
Albuquerque got a mention on the Tonight Show by Jay for those 3 men arrested for stealing toilet paper from a restaurant....GREAT.
Preparing for my birthday :...does that breaking year from 21 to 22 automatically enter me into the real world?
lol ...
just trying to be like u.
Just added Show  House of Blues New Orleans 9/28/2012 Can't wait to see  play with some friends!
road tripping this summer!
fuck wv, the pools, and the fair.
I don't like everybody....
Sounds like some doctor Suess to me!
:P
are we looking solid?
Whos playing well?
Carl speaking to a full house at the Cinco DeMaio event.
Such a fun event
I like the new icon :
IThankGod for life, family, music, sand kiwi c: but most importently for dieing on the cross for me :
Loved meeting up with today!
Hope you had a great day :
Nope  not straight yet.
All gay men love boobs.
yes, they offer a my kcup to reuse for your own coffee
Made jam out to Sweet Home Chicago on our way home from work Friday...
Hahaha We Represent Hard ChiTown!
A Sydney judge ruled that Men at Work must share a part of its royalties for Down Under with the publisher of a classic childoctorns song.
Job search tip of the day: Take a good hard look at your social media professorles, are you REALLY putting your best face forward?
Need somebody to bring me some food!
I'm finna die!
I feel so loved right noww..
Not.
I'm kind of hungry for a burrito
1 game like Randy Cross said.
After that he is looking at some serious multi games
I wish fans would spend as much time celebrating great calls like that, which help their teams as they do the howlers
Great job on CNN describing net neutrality, but wish Rick would have given you a chance to talk without interrupting so much!
i just wanna fall in love
I wrap filming and immediately find myself sick.
At least I held out until we were done.
Not a great feeling on Mother's Day though.
Hurrah!
Enjoy your new manatees!
3
You probably walk to your seat before the half inning is over at a baseball game too.
A pair of Japanese pitchers in TX trump Mitt  Newt RT : I'll admit it: I prefer watching baseball to politics.
Time to retire?
Judging by first period attendance spring break starts today, not tomorrow.
Seriously.
It makes you sick doesn't it?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did!
??
Sometimes you have to care less, in order to see if they'll care more..
mourning?
My condolences to you Jordan Summer.
Thank goodness has a special 99c latte for valentines day.
It's just the afternoon pick me up I needed.
Money Saving Tip 27: Cancel unused club memberships.
take iron pills.
Ohh darlin, cause you'll always be my baby
but we can't get to where we are without research.
Don't think that's fair?
Too much?
smack ass friday :
Must have been me...
looking good now.
i get mad every our.
at least twice.
Well tomorrow will be my birthday
I think it's right.
Enjoyed shooting a wedding yesterday with a good friend and fire fighter Chris!
Happy Monday everyone.
Don't forget, O'Lydia's Christmas party is this Wednesday 11am to 11pm.
I hope to see you here.
Will be giving away 2 nights comp  one of the casino resorts in Las Vegas to one of our lucky followers on twitter..GOOD LUCK
River Ridge w/ 123 finish in pole vault led by Andy Breuer's firstplace leap of 109.
RR with a 16point lead over Albany in boys meet.
8 tips to gain CFO39;s wellness program buyin  Business ...
me too!
So cute!
Survived my first day at work
Need list!
What's the most tasty, easy to eat, yet most metal treats to take on the road?
Keys to success: small group of people, disseminate widely, institutional/author registration.
where at??
MONSTER DUNK BY J.WISE!!!
First weekend officially as Revere was smooth operating!
So happy the Vertical Fashion Show got some international attention for Boston!
President 's Towtruck pulls USA outa Ditch, ALEC  GOP slash the tires, PourSugarInGastank,yell: WE NEED A SMALLER TRUCK
RT : Best Actress Spirit Award goes to Michelle Williams for My Week with Marilyn!
See any movies this past weekend?
Let us know what you liked!
The sweetness of victory is magnified by the effort it took to achieve it.
that wont stop anything.
you're so done!
lolol
I always had one..didn't I?
LoL
thatawkwardmoment when you see someone and they recite one of their tweets that you've already read word for word
Hi Folks !
Brand new Craft Fair is Coming to Wash Park !
Hey come check me out and make sure you follow me Queen.
A sober Jerquan is just as ugly tho.
Let's meet for lunch sometime soon.
Let me know when you're free.
:
Commission discussing visualizations for Congressional districts in Riverside county.
VERY INSPIRATIONAL
Farewell, somebody's gonna miss you.
Farewell, somebody's gonna wish that you were here.
That somebody's me.
RT : Interesting fact frm : MN is only state that specifically bans mercury in cosmetics.
Did skin lightener investigation.
GOOD LUCK!
You'll do great todaywishing you lots of success from DC!
I did you my homegurrll of course imma follow you back!
Podstawski i apologize but i can't go to the biggest class of judo in the world .
Dear , Thank You For AutoSave!
My Windows7 custom CPU crashed as I was working on a business email.
I rebooted  viola...
The 's kicking off the 2012 National Health Care for the Homeless Conference  Policy Symposium in Kansas City.
Who would have thought we would get to use Tony La Russa and Kim Kardashian's name in the same sentence?
you got it hash will be available tomorrow...
Yes there's definitely a lot going on.
Not all birdseyes though!
who is in the us bitch
Time for a show!
Vatican NOT electing a new Pope.
Smoke is from burning Bronco jerseys.
See, my problem is I'm scared of my own shadow.
I still haven't quite shaken the clown scene from 'Poltergeist.'
Ah...
checking my twitter for the first time all week...
I seem to have the need for spontaneous doctorp everything and be a hermit weeks;
so what you doing today
we're glad too!
;
It's easier to change my route than try not to look at the crazy dance lights.
I just want to be an alcoholic so someone takes care of me all the time.
2/2 Wife  I am so prouf of you.
btw don't forget to pick up my birth control prescription from CVS.
Congressmen  you got it!!!
LA was always going to be team to beat in 2012.
Go do it.
RT : Doesn't 400 mean currently best in MLS?
SKC also beat NE who beat LA
Great to hear you back behind the mic, Baker!
Excellent podcast this week.
You're a natural!
pretty crazy to me how long this guy at work spends on the phone makin personal calls
That nap fucked everything up...
Smh now im gonna be up all night.
Yes we do..
Sorry for the late reply, grab our email or phone number from our site for a quicker reply.
San Antonio Police Eagle Unit makes emergency landing on 281.
All are ok!!!
So upset and mad at myself....all because of you!
Its ridiculous of how much you mean to me....and you dont even know it.
We're hearing share her amazing story of her life as a digital nomad and zen lessons she's learned!
Terrific...and modest too.
: RT : Mine is all personality because I'm so terrific!
;
Where are all the critters??
I guess it is okay to kick a puck into the goal in the NHL now.
At any rate, NYR WIN!
Its pretty bad!!
and allergy medicine wont even help my allergies anymore.
Abraham Lincoln vampire slayer......why
Killing it!
RT Canopies live on
Alright let's go!
You bring the laughter, I'll give the tour
Is your online exposure at the level you want it to be?
www.weneedtohirethem.com
YouKnowItsRealWhen you can be totally yourself 
Changing project ideas ten hours before it's due like yeah.
Hopefully I don't fail like yeah.
Im in a waiting room why are there always two year old copies of red book and people
what grade would you give Solder so far this year?
bad pic alert.
He called me out while walkin around warped 04 and said nice shirt.
My 2 fav bands in :
The NHL Heritage Classic also set an NHL event record for both total sponsorship revenue and activation
ER has been good.
What a table match finish!
LOL Congratulations !
Freakin' Epic!
Point 4 funding wheel Large, regular tuition hikes Recent years of state policy built in a 710 percent tuition increase every year.
Tick Tock Just a wee more than 3 hours to place holds...
www.denverlibrary.org
You wear so little clothing most of the time, you probably have to put something ON to take a bath.
Please keep it up.
Im so tired I forgot I was tired
See you tonight, Providence!
We'll be at 201 Westminster St in our finest.
Join us for karaoke from 9:30 til close!
I love and miss ya Rav Rav!
I hope to see you soon :
marac local arrangements committee was fantastic!
isn't that a naked website?!
sounds good, you still work with wide angle youth?
Licking a bowl with hot stuff in it  owwwieeeeee :
Please tell me u've been to hooters??
Alright, time to get ready for Improv class.
Survivor and Game of Thrones are set to record.
looking forward to next talk on EDiscovery at
will be loving life for the next 15 hrs of cutting weight.
Off to SOSH for YP Week  Milwaukee SocialMedia Discussion
I'm so grateful to be alive!
Still a 73 game in Monroe in top of the fifth as the Cheesemakers lead Milton
Madonna is killing it on MDNA.
Seriously killing it!
It's impossible to be still when listening.
While grabbing a beer I picked up my fourth personal.
Hey guys, unfortunately we will not be playing on Sunday.
We apologize some things just came up.
In the meantime check out Amurica Fest!
me too!
Why are you coming so far ha?
Random Thought: Always control  write yr own narrative.
No 1 else controls it nor shld U evr allow anyone else 2 do so.
Bummer.
You may need a nap.
MM HM say it honey :
omg the update!!
Thanks for the RT
Hum!
Hope tmistergo good as planned  hopefully even more!
every day i tweet a few timesI love you and i always hope he will reply to me with love you too..this will never happen
oh shit my bad i thought u was jay v
1st Lt David Johnson motorcade is getting off on Highway 60 to go through Hartford.
Me too!
I feel your pain!
I have been discriminated against by my own dark skin brothers and sisters.
The promotions I received came from white men.
So sad...smh
As the meaning of design and strategy converge all solutions become analogous.
Have a hot date with the washer tonight...the piles we have around the house make it look like 20 people live here!
um why are you so pretty??
find me leanin with this summer
Awesome.
Worth going you think or should I just take him to Best Buy?
Nap then gym
Good morning:
Presentations are staring!
I'm liking this new twitter app lbs
I heard that too!
Sara, thanks for coming out  helping make this inaugural event a blast!
We can't wait for next year.
Chris bosh looks like one of the middle stages from an animorphs cover
Teachers matter!!!
sandy the squirrel has never said one funny line..
Ran 2 miles at the gym on the track last night  yet my forearms are sore today.
How does that make sense?
MustRead Caldeira: 'The Only Ethical Path Is To Stop Using The Atmosphere As ...
ThinkProgress
Omg.
When I first heard Harry speak I was all like, why so deep and slow?
and now...
i...talk...ju...st...like...th..at.
:D
Have you seen the new look in Twitter?
I'm getting use to it.
How about you?
:
baby c; XD
It's a gift.
I hate when people BS me
Hey Kyle!
You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!
go hear the song yellow by coldplay :D
But I love the money
Snow sirens snow sirens.
2 hour commute
I don't know where to get it!!!!!
and i don't have a DS3D
I have thug in my blood.
Houston Hoops doctorp one to Southern Kings 6158.
: that fat one kept kissing the old man.
Gotta look out for the fat one.
my gpa will doctorp most likely because I will be playing the game so much
hi!
I love you and miss you!
no means no bitch
Resign  resign are two different things y'all.
So when you tweet resign28 then I think about giving 28.
So do it right
Keep that shit G .
doctoramWorks I AM NUMBER FOUR has come to Pittsburgh thanks in part to Steeltown's involvement in passing the PA film tax credit!
if it were true it would have happened by now :P
magic suck n the second half
I always need more commas.
Commas are not my friend.
I want them to be, but no.
Hey ya Suzi  thanks for all your tweets.
Hope you're having a great Monday!!
gurl you go!!!!
i hate how lady gaga is trying to take her crown!!
12 days of Tebow 12 lineman missing, 11 announcers piping down, 10 lords that love him, 9 models waiting, 8 made another win, 7 in a row
You have a better student to computer ratio than most public schools can claim on their best days.
You know what grinds my gears when someone uses my comb but dont take the hair off the damn comb...Nasty!
RIP Patrick Crandall 3 You will never ever be forgotten
not at all.
How's mexico?
:
I think we're heading out to see the boor tides tonight?
Anyone else?
i miss you too don't let your heart break!
we can visit, you still have so many people you have to see!
I love you!
thanks for the follow..
What are you building?!
is it for an exhibit?!
everyone know me lol but i was embarsiing with that crazy girl she told me i hate selena cauz i'm jealous of her she's crazy isnt she?
lol
Worried sick for my girlfriend right now...
revision writingAt last!
Today revised and edited 31 pages of novel 2...2 yrs it's been waiting for me to get with it.
Having a productive day with !
Already ready for this day to be over.
Good Morning!
To all new followers, thank you 4 following us.
Borgia sitz sounded great!
Outstanding sounds from and
Local Beer Fest will be delicious!
ChicagoCraftBeer,
: Salute!
Peace Soldier!
I hope all is well.
Have a great day.
I have yet to hear a man ask advice on how to combine a marriage and a career.
Steinem is speaking to me today.
You bet it was.
Love that show.
Currently teaching myself coding and google analytics!
Procrastination will prolong your destination!
Do it and do it NOW!
Dang.
Derrick Rose I feel your pain.
Take it from Why do all the great point guards tear their ACL's this year?
115 gigabytes of photos  video taken on my last trip.
I think I have a problem
you should !:
HWN played at extremely low volume
If you ask me whyad2, I'll say to learn, network and be inspired by your peers.
I wish was around when I started out
T.I U Know track is dah shit.
Remind me of my dude
So apparently Ian's Pizza on State has a Fish Fry slice!?
Why was I not made aware of this???
: I wish Beyonc was my mom.
he woke up?
Testing it out right now.
I'll let you know how it goes.
So says I'm responsible for getting the dancing on hq office warming!
XOXO
My iphone 4 lock button isnt clicking any more i gotta push really hard should i just order the part and fix it my self?
had it over a year
She sure did!
I caught her before the meet  greet but she signed, etc
Thank you all who came out to the show last night!
We had a blast and hope you did too!
Can't wait till the next one!
This was great!
: Let your hair down and come see Rapunzel this weekend!
Tickets 1022!
Call 3012801660 right now!
Very well done indeed!
Thanks for sharing.
on to the next one.
GoTribe Come on tribe, you're better than that
I have never seen a Harry Potter film.
I have no reason why, just one of those things.
I feel very detached from my own culture these days.
Uggghh....honey, get you a nap on the plane!
You gone need a siesta.
im trying
What?
Lorne never asked you to host?
That sucks!
thanks for the shout out.
Cheers.
hi babe
Jaso catching tomorrow
My principal is the definition of demon
and your simile look good as well
welcome to the team!
And a Friends of Weird Life community to manage it is in place  please join!
talking to my dad about the plans for chicago and the 1D concert.
The constant misuse of the word humble must stop!
I'm looking at you, athletes and coaches!
Good luck to the US Womens World Cup Team today.
I'm nothing special ..
just a fangirl .
wats up jo how u been?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs this will be a shoot out because both stafford and brees can throw
First two books bought for the new Kindle are textbooks for next semester.
Will spend time learning how to use it properly first.
Wearing a sports bra is probably the BEST feeling ever!!
I apologize for any skipping tracks This the last girl that play me left a couple cracks......
thanks and sure thing ;
awesome thanks for coming by!!!
Congratulations, and welcome to the ROC!
Look forward to seeing you all in the fall.
ha you made it there!
Awesome....hope ur having fun!!
they piss me off.
Coaches are masters at making half time adjustments.
It's time for us to adjust how we introduce tackling to players.
Kind of a 'blank slate' yes?
education they need to make them good citizens.
GOODNIGHT!!!!!!
Thank you for all the wonderful 200 new followers I got today ;
Shout out to my best friend and roommate who graduates tomorrow and makes the trek to LA this weekend.
Go make us a movie!
Wow.
I didn't think I'd be THIS into this movie.
I am planning on it, as always.
Thanks!
Fire w/ evacuation  Pizza Hut.
1718 Seminole Trail.
Traffic south northbound.
So the girl upstairs had her boyfriend pick her up and doctorp her off somewhere...
Girl: I'm ugly..
Boy: You spelt BEAUTIFUL wrong.
it's like I tell my students, we are raised with cultural inflections and our race and gender and sexuality are constructs.
damnn!
Hopefully not /:
You know you loved her on Ned  Stacey.
I actually was always rather fond of Grace.
Thataboy  keep swinging!
lol...
I don't think I'll close it.
...
I do have google  but Idk how to use it....
Lol
: agree.
Ducks overrated and under talented suffers from little brother syndoctorme
Praying this little deal work out
Feel like jay and silent bob out here.
With
Jamming out to some , loverboy, old metallica and night ranger in the van.
Getting pumped to rock STL!!
Okay, we'll answer this one right here.
Contractors' in RED fields are SUSPENDED.
omg!
I'm at Benelux and need to pick a beer!!
How does a TwoHearted sound?!?
Follow back?:
People hitting me up for weed like I'm a dealer lmfaoo!!
EXCUSEME?!
Smfh feens Lol
HOWEVER, the latest album by Paul Weller has both of them on it.
Over 60 of the 1million annual US Bankruptcies  1000's of Home Loses are primarily due to Medical Costs  75 Had Health Insurance....
u guys are def ending up in North Reading.
However, D3 map will not be included as option Detroit City Council will vote on tmister 3pm due to legal opinion.
yea okay
Can't wait to see what you have lined up!
Ughhhajhskkjuisal; stupid tv production stresses me out!
I NEED MO FOLLOWERS
Run thru!
Designer run tomorrow.
Yikes help!!!
thanks Craig!
With a baby then my other baby then my best friends
Haha!
The military does that to you.
If you ever need to know anything, you can always ask me.
Been doin' this for awhile now!
Eat a sandwich Courtney.
First day of spring football
isn't there a BPD station at the left of the Stop  Shop?
Missed it by that much?
Relax chill out
My pick was really good in practice near top of the board in every one of them.
But did not qualify that good because of where he went out.
Overhearing a session recap: shrink  pink  adapt men's products for women by making them smaller  pink.
hm, interesting.
you're welcome!!
:
True that Xx
lol.
That seriously made my life.
This isn't easy to admit and no matter how hard I try, I am not perfect.
I sometimes eat grapes without washing them first.
Ha u hurt me for the last time I'm done
Man it's WINDY in La Jolla!
Almost lost my weave!
If you gonna try  argue with someone you should probably know facts so you dont end up looking like a DUMBASS !
Talk to RT:is there an after party?
So and I can party with band members again?
Great times!
I would do that, but that is how I stay in touch with the fam.
I mostly use the mobile app and set it to status updates.
the world really does revolve around money..
thanks for the retweet
When people doctorg their feet!
.t
True True I'm not even gonna lie I be thinkin the same thing
just found something i like at hot topic, ew.
i haven't bought anything from there since i was 14.
I want all of him or none of him
House passes debt bill!
Stock market what are you going to do?
Thankful for the reminder tonight that it's less about success and failure, and more about faithfulness.
Let us know if you still want this posted.
Dex:   Picture of me when I was younger, I was so cute!
Me: 0o
Hey Jeremy, how I pay on the Facebook?
My momma try, but don't pay: and I really want to watch!
with television, I always monitored Ava's tv wathing because we watch the same I prefer childoctorn's programming, I know everything I need to
You don't cook on dirty pans do you?
Then why would you cook in a dirty oven???
the 'I'll go to bed early, then wake up at 5am to get extra work done' plan never goes the way you want it to.
Welcome new followers:
cleaned up the apartment and moved out.
needed you there
What would life be without you?
send your size and other info to and we will put you on a pre order list!
Tell your friends.
I start to cry, you kiss my eye and say I'm not allowed to...
Happy holidays, tweeps!
ok, I'm in TweetAndEat  lets meet up after!
koolin stayin out the heat how u been
Hi, i know your awake.
Tweet me.
Sometimes God lets you hit rock bottom so that you will discover that He is the Rock at the bottom.
doctor Tony Evans
It's a lovely day outside, which means that I should probably watch all of My SoCalled Life in bed.
My dad, uncle, aunts still don't know about what really happened.
Shhh, don't tell...
and Christian bale!
Thanks!
I appreciate it.
thanx 4 follow back much love
really feeling the pressure of my first tweet.
still very skeptical of this internet thing.
happy Holi?
North Carolina votes to ban teh ghey marrieds.
Marriage between close relatives still legal.
Life would be easier if I was 12 again.
My biggest decision in life would be tampons or pads
fridayreads Corduroy Mansions by Alexander McCall Smith
you are beautiful!
When McFadden comes back, this 12 punch of him and Bush could be devastating
: Louisville postal carriers to deliver anthrax vaccine in case of attack.
Only 10 years late
Watching on the dvr again!!!
Love this show...
that is great!!!
Robert downy jr would be great.
: The rumour that Justin Bieber will be playing Finnick.
HungerGamesProblems
Just started this twitter thing...
interesting hmm
I was thinking orange cause that's what color they are but then that'd be wack!
I was thinking pink fave color 3 haha
Looking forward to it!
haha awkward moment
your welcome josh x
I can't help but find the headline Chris Brown Feuds With Miranda Lambert, WWE Star CM Punk to be hilarious.
RT  You know how people who suffer great tragedy or disaster can laugh about it?
Jacksonville still cannot come to ...
In my Galaxy preview, I didn't see a win in the cards.
Everything's going to plan, unfortunately.
Must be a glitch.
Thanks for letting me know.
Will correct.
I had fish once  I'd never have fish again.
Hay I'm a huge fan!
That disturbing moment when your power walking and old guys stare at you.
UGH such pigs.
WE LOVE YOU MORE!!!!3
I'd appreciate it if every word out of your mouth wasn't a lie.
I love it!
You are such a talented and gifted young man!!
Take care and lets talk soon!
Much luv sweetie
AceBoomBoom?
how do i always manage to aquire these clueless fucking stalkers?
holliday park has awesome ruins and back trails
I love my villalax seniors, they are not just amazing lax players they are inspirations and will always be like family  call me Nique :
Love our atpawty and blogpaws family!
Do you still win?
Big Boobs.
Stripper Booty.
thank you !
godbless u too !
Oh I thought that was Joan Rivers and Janice Dickinson makes sense.now rt: Why were Hall  Oates on here again?
TheVoice
hey u need to tell misterrong he needs to send me a signed cd.
Just got all new ski gear, now all I need is some
Jones, Iconix feel the impact of Penney change  MarketWatch
I agree.
I laughed hard.
Clever as always and smart humor.
The crossing broad one was garbage
OneThingIWant is to wear his sweatshirt3
If Bucks leave this city, I leave this city?!?!??!!
ook, How does it feel to be a College Grad!?
Welcome to the Team!
lol
oh, my!
Joshua Ledet is what this world needs idol Epic.
i just got back from la and was sad too.
i love austin though.
Omg !!
I want to see lol ...
Oh don't worry there's a couple of them out there of me ...
Ask olga ..
Me in my underwear ;
So happy i could die
DL some chicago music SUNDAYSCHOOL by
Follow me please, you are amazing, I love you
missed you too :
but no, was not I
would be great if we posted all of Spirit of America's job offerings on www.PurplePlacement.com homepage.
guess what I have in my house?
I just threw up from the Ratchet Ness
follow the next big super star outta the south he from Mississippi
Amino Energy Chews Hot Buy 19.99
DON'T MENTION AN ABALL NOHITTER : Brevard County's Hiram Burgos has nohitter through eight innings.
Soakin' up the sun 
god bless those that can actually watch the GOPdebates.
thanks for the updates.
RT : That badass MCA bass line from Gratitude will always be floating out in space,ready to blow aliens' minds.
Humble Me Clothing is now on Twitter!
Are you Humble?
I love my mom!
:0
Haha, yes they blend in too well...;
Headed home today after an inspiring AWP12.
I have so much new info to process.
hahaha aw yay!
And heck yeah I'm funny!
:
Are you a business, marketing, travel or niche blogger interested in syndicating your fab content or guest blogging?
If yes, let's talk!
Oh, wait.
Does Andoctorid have Instagram now?
Wishing all y'all the best in this new year
My friends would be upset to know that I'm trying decide between going out with them Saturday , or staying in
One trip to  suddenly my yogatrainingspin sessions do not seem sufficient.
Whatchu talking about doing?
Yes I am back and I want to make a trip to Eugene!
When should I come visit?
you are VERY ....
CRAZY and GOOD !!
Bye Alexa Teefey 3
this weekend is occupyamazon...
readloca!
shop ur favorite bookstore and publisher cut out the evil empire!
stay tuned 4 more...
Not all data is big data.
Cliff Lynch
iknow and austin's gonna be away from ALL his friends  his grandparents too :
I'm only on the bench for the second so it'll be okay.
lol.
No you don't.
so I hear, but after no rain during my trip last March I am highly skeptical.
My friend and I are ur biggest fans!!!
My head says who cares but my heart whispers you do
Welcome to LA.
J Scalia asks if a state has to accept w/i it's borders all people who do not have a right to be there if the Feds dont want to remove em.
Ben Vershbow  what if we were to start a new library from ground up?
/ Peter Brantley ndpl  a doctormatic rethink
You too?
Yeah!
: Sunday Funday
What exactly are you looking for?
Have tons of research from my dissertation.
Damn dog ate the entire tube of doggy toothpaste.......including the tube 
Omg it's already amazing !!!333
Absolutely.
Must be a combination of sophie shorts and really fitted james perse tank tops.
Currently watching infested about cockroaches
Playing the UFC doctornking game.
This could get interesting.
OOh, please pass along McCain person's contact info if you are able to use video!
City managers respond to both strategic data analysis and personal stories that show compelling/practical impact of libraries
: what was the first record you ever bought?
hhmm I think it was either Hanson or Spice Girls haha!!!
Once you've claimed your business, how do you change the name of the business if it's not completely accurate?
Thanks for the follow!
I certainly look forward to connecting with you!
:
I'm too clever for the stations, they run me on filtration, it gets lost in translation and I'm not sure who they're saving.
What sirens ?
I'm so excited about GO!
:
well urban commuting is tricky then.
I would say you could ave maybe 12 mph, so 30 mins?
I would test it out b4 you depend on it
Get yo bitch disrespected.
I just love how it's on the water.
I just love Newburyport : I miss Boston
who are u?
lol i cant DM back....
but uhm do i know u?
Shit the bed!
I Love You Too Monster Banana Mommy!
:P D
Girlyy boo !
Why is Tiger Woods still news?
Really?
Is he that different from others How many that did what he did have to tell the world?
Leave it alone
Today is National Chocolate Covered Anything Day....
hm...cover me!
Yum.
YA READY?
Florida Swagg For Now
yeah would be the life wish i could come to brazil i always wanted to live there since i was little its so beautiful there
dafuq.
I'm scared to look at your face now.
Strange waking up with both the Neville Bros.
Don't Know Much and the voice of the narrator of Forensics Files in your head.
ayee.
follow back??
Affirmation: I love and adore myself.
All is well in my world.
Louise L.
Hay
Just completed 3 hr doctorve to Lancaster.
Good day everyone , thank u god for letting me see another day.
Awe : you keep it up!
I've watched your YouTube videos, ever since day 1.
I think I deserve to get a followback fothermucker.
will present Strategies to Reverse Insurance Denials on 12/8 Email for details!
Members Card Clippers 10.5 Picks are looking great tonight.
Great way to bounce back
that's cuz it was a trick DM.
Just like the bday candles.
Could do this Fri, end of day.
nowplaying superman by joe brooks.
i remember it being my myspace song like 3 yrs ago, love it.
Saad or Sinovic will be picked
Did someone change my phone's keyboard to sound like a typewriter?
Brilliant, thx for the share!
If we change what we are in this moment, all our future moments change as well.
fb  Guy Finley
Full speed ahead...
Historian and author James McPherson has chosen Admiral David Farragut as his nominee
we did.we will have to go sometime.
I think I heard a 3rd team competing as well not sure who though ..
Might be Colorado
not sure, but you did teach me about The Game.
Which I just lost.
Death is only the beginning right?
I love you so much.
33
yeah its awesome !
I'm a fanatic I can't stop reading the books lol
awww thank you!
yay!
I love new bff's!!!!
soon!
I promise!
Love.........
No one can live and die Without crying over you.
This humidity ain't nothing to play with..
Did you know that you can have Sidebar to yourself on the weekend for MarchMadness?
Email Kate: .
The United States shares with South Africa a number of important historical  contemporary milestones in the long struggle for human...
My grandma just called from Fort Wayne saying she heard about us on the news!
real shit boo
The DTE/Pine Knob is celebrating 40 years this summer.
Looking back, what concert was your favorite?
Jake
I have alot of twitter fans Happy you back.
Follow aka ...
leslieR: All checked in at the airport  suitcase weighed in at 52 lbs those praleens r heavy!
Why can't people just be happy for other people?
Jealousy is stupid!
And it will get you nowhere fast!
When I was 15, along with sending a script to the Mary Tyler Moore Show, I also queried the NYTimes travel section for a feature story.
1/2
a book of facts 'perhaps'
Can you stop tweeting this?
Getting on the computer to do homework...
Well I think highly of Where you just hang in out here?
There is little over a week to get your submissions in for 's 'Visuals Film Fest.' Anyone can submit.
All genres.
Under 15 min.
Also, did you check out the Xactly SWAG store??
Show off your love for Xactly...
do post the pix on X Facebook  Twitter!
Thank you for the RT!
i won't play with your head or mess with your heart, cause im a real girl and i finish what i start:D
i am sorry: this week is finals i barely talk to anyone
yeah...pretty good!
Sorry bastard didn't have the courage for Vietnam and he STILL doesn't have the courage to face his mortality
why no?
Everything will be just fine.
:
Jordan, I guess is human.
He sure didn't seem that way in the court!
lol it was first made only for good looking people to show off their sexy....
then a whole bunch of fugly people signed up
We'll give you a shout out if you follow out personal accounts!: just tell us of your following this account!:Kelly xoxo
Oh dear!
Have you mastered the spacetime continuum??
Demoing new songs!
Does that include ?
RT : Boston's 78M on the DL is more than the payroll of 20 of MLB teams
Just got my tickets for in NYC Feb 11 on !
Can't wait!!
Miss these guys!!
I  my daughter; I  my boyfriend; I  my family...okay so working  Da resturant isnt so bad i made 15 in tips tonight...
Poop is not only brown for me, b
was going to sleep a bit ago but twitter
In order to get excited about life, first you have to appreciate life.
Thank GOD for giving you the opportunity to see another day
what did i do to destress last night?
fashion show dance party!
Today is April 13th, 2012 and we live to serve another day!
nom!
I want that!
SomeWhereInTheHood a Jamaican is cook jerk chicken on a grill in the winter time
No follow back?
Yum Yum!
Good thing I did some extra yoga this morning!
Rasberrybrowniecheesecake
austin mahone  i love him
Got a great audition tomorrow for an A  E tv series would be a great opportunit!
I'm sorry to see this tweet.
Hang in there.
Hopefully tomorrow will be better!
Patterson Law Firm Attorney Christine Rosso named to Martindale's 2011 list of Top Women Lawyers!!
Christine is one of the youngest 2b named
2012WishList I wish all the dudes with shirtless professorle pix to catch ringworms
sounds like a plan!
Ill be back there on friday
Studio 24/7 actor Doug Sinclair's episode of JUSTIFIED airs on the 31st.
WorstDJNames DJ Taint
I should probably deal with my horrendous email backlog with a bit more dignity.
I  Saturn.
Thank you for the photos, Ryan.
Hey Willow
how was the shoot?
Everyone has photographic memory; some just dont have the film.
right?
Slept like a baby last night, and its only 9.
Cleaning up and hittin the hay
In order to move on you gotta put the past behind you?
Thanks for the plug Nikki!
Tonight is going to be fun!

This just in...Susan B.
Komen just reinstated funding to Planned Parenthood!
yah...im lost....im in kentucky somewhere
Haven't cleaned my gauges in weeks and they smell like death lol
Thanks for following back :
Thanks, Boris!
Lack of responsibility on your part, does not constitute an emergency on mine
the bulls are killing me right now
Outside With Jenny  Wilmel
Thanks for the follow!
: Right back at cha!
Upload all the pix of Facebook soon, I need a new dp 
Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.
Albus Dumbledore
The impossible missions are the only ones which succeed.
Happy Birthday Jacques Cousteau!
Feel like I've been staring at lacrosse photos this whole week and not able to play with my new Mark IV
Did you know that Springer offers one of the largest STM book collections on iBookstore with more than 20,000 individual titles?
Learn Clickbank  How to Join Top Affiliate Networks
15, 20 minutes goes by too fast.
Sorry about the overflow folks, but thanks!
:
didn't even bring my books home from school.
:
Our upcoming exhibition will be presented in a specially designed space within s new MacGorman Performing Arts Center  Chapel.
Waiting for my hotel room to be ready for occupation at the Fedex/Kinkos on Wellington in Chicago.
I know right
Channel 5 News.
Suspects still at large.
They're looking for public's help.
Hate getting your oil changed?
We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
NP: Anthony Hamilton Pray For Me 3 GN lovelies!
RT Presents StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by 829 Upshur St
Hey!
Happy to trywhat's your timetable?
Can you send it as email attachment?
RT If you can't wait for MTN video!!!!
I am on it, but have no idea how to use it!
LOL
Hope it goes well!!
LMFAO OMG': he would prob think your prettier than me!
NP High school 
LOL.
Yup...
that will be all...
otherwise I would not be ready for checkout.
Sveum managing the Cubs.
Matheny managing the Cards.
How are we supposed to hate our most hated rivals?
Yup.
But count on me reply to your tweets whenever I can :
: Wait, Lil Boosie is free ?
yes my uncle is not guilty !!
Magic take lead with 1:04 to play.
J.J.
Reddick does some weird robot dance to bench out of timeout.
Why is Tyler The Creator rich and famous?
He's an idiot
Dying my hair.
Must we gloat?
Is very sad that I won't be seeing Speaker Elect John Perez tomorrow because the Center's Breakfast has been cancelled due to the weather :
You can tell me you understand and care a million times, but it's gonna take more than that for me to believe you.
Chip Brown seems to have changed his tone on FSU suddenly.
Wishing all the Mom's out there a wonderful day!
Happy Mother's Day to you.
you should infuriate developers and greek food lovers everywhere with a cucumber fork called tzatziki
how u ben?
been meaning to catch up with you :
is without power and will remain closed tomorrow.
However, they will host summer day camp from 7:30 a.m.
6 p.m.
why don't you take your social regulations and shove them up your ass!
Face down ass up..
Volunteer callout!
Grad students needed for University Library advisory committee.
High 5 RT All my kids had stride rites before their first Js
well no more jacoby.
I just saw this now...thanks!!!
RT : To anyone complaining about unfair background attacks on Romney: Birthers.
That is all.
Hello to our friends at School at Blair Grocery!
Youth Empowerment  Sustainable Community Development in New Orleans.
And Party 1 puts her shoes on and leaves...
Party 2 and the hostess are now in play for another day.
awesome halloween!
my dwarf apatosaurus costume achieved new heights!
That halfway mark in a paper when you just don't have the motivation to finish it.
Iwantto sleep
is the torch past now that ELI becomes Manningand older brother Manning becomes Payton.
For a long time when Media talked...
Ugh ACT this saturday...
The most anxiety I have ever felt is being away from home and realizing I forgot to TiVo something.
Borderline breakdown.
i love you
: did the instructor participate?
in what capacity?
I feel like a role player is gonna hit it..
Hi there, I'm a real kitty!
Panel and session chair duties are doneresponsibilities are over.
It's now time for a little me time before heading to Athens.
lil kids that tweet about other people without mentioning them in their tweets is hilarious to see.
Grow up
Now I know I must be doctoraming!
I'm going to start an all Milky Way diet!
sorry to dump bro...
Didn't know what else to do
So nauseous.
Girl on Girl
So happy its Friday
He reminds me of our Max!
Breed?
Thank you TimeWarnerCable for making my bill 50 bucks cheaper than expected...
i said you treat me lol
need an upset in there..
Agriz over Clips doesn't count.
Nuggets over Lakers in 6!
Can the start up nation solve the Israeli  Palestinian conflict?
High level of inequality in Israel bet.
Jews, Arabs and in W.B.
Hausmann
Doors will be open momentarily.
Get yourself in line.
lol I havent eaten all day
That's funny.
I'm working in reverse  just wrapped up a Sopranos minimarathon, and started getting into Mad Men.
how much for a cuban?
Just did my civic duty of voting for a lot of judges I've never heard of.
Check out the hottest new thing in candles.Gotta see this, ehe Hottest New Thing In Candles.
It's Electric!
Let's GO BIG BEN!
RT :Doughnuts didnt have a hole in their center until a sea captainin from Maine began poking holes in his mother's doughnuts in 1847
Dude how is the crowd?
Any good specials?
YAYY I AM IN THERE VIDEO TOO!
xx
May we make some crucial suggestions?
I now expect a tweet about dandoctorff every other day of the week, thanks for the entertainment.
What is HR9?
Another failed Republican retread that will help those at top rather than those struggling to get to top.
It's super hard explaining 2 these foreign Larry's what Run It Twice is.
But why would I want 2 run it twice I have best hand...No, No!!
It was nice to finally meet you at 140cuse last week.
I enjoy your hoops articles!
IMPD officers are still on scene of deadly shooting in the 3200 block of New Jersey Street.
One woman is dead.
No arrests yet.
snicks.
twix.
pixiestix.
all of the above!
RT : Tell me fans...what's your favorite Halloween Candy?
the raleigh location would be the closest, but I would need conference room access on weekends for tastings
Why why why
Huh.
Apparently all I needed to make my computer stop running so damn slow was a flash update.
McMenamins' coffee is wonderful!
As is everything else here.
Is it bad that my soul just smiled as I walked passed the apartment next door and heard somebody butt getting wore out
it's not my fault I know many names lol
Like 10 more days until summer uuggghhh
FWC makes you so happy wow Maggie that is so very inspiring.
If i had a choice of a million dollars or you....
Id choose You because your already my prized possesion!3
hey there
havent been out of bed yet...
thinking about going outside and laying out.
I put you on the list for tomorrow.
Am I the only one who reads Craigslist missed connections and secretly wishes they were written for me?
is that what they're saying?
I haven't heard it.
Indeed.
I jumped into 506 without having taken the first two; still did pretty well.
Excellent professortho
My instagram feed makes me proud to be PREBOK.
Thanks a lot for the reminder.
awee thanks love!!
And yeah he did.
Bit It took a while for him to do so.
My birthday is in four days and you still dont know how old I am.
haha.:
I always love Monday mornings.
The only day I get to lay in bed until I want to get up!
Deleting Numbers !
I by far work with the most amazing people in the entire world!
Thank you for the birthday wishes!!!
Weird.
I guess I'm a Twitter ghost or something.
me gusta your picture.
Too bad half of my face is chopped.
RT : If you don't love at the end of this there might be something wrong with you.
Way to go brock
Tip: When you quit a job, strategize remaining vacation days 'not' to work anymore Mondays until you leave.
Neighbors house was Tpeed by teenyboppers didn't see it till late.
Weirdest eye contact moment ever..fried eggs all over the doctorveway
The Loveable Rogues .
So what about us guys that use glasses to hide our eyes because we don't wnat everyone knowing we are watching everything
Great advice Jean
not this time, maybe winner won't show and their will be a new winner
I think someone on the cta bus just took a pic of me with their cell.....
Nother good session idea: exploring public/private partnerships
On my way to NYC Church :
Ok brother dear, I finally gave up and found you because I need you to help me find a Baltimore Bandits jersey.
If I were a bird my call would be AWP, AWP!
oh..whatcha doing in Logan Square..wait 20 minutes..umm I may not make it..but tell me anyway
haha she loves gift cards by the way.
And yes she's loca.
Session today with !
Finishing the bridge for Do You Know and hitting the melody for blackmail!
oh
My car finally bit the big one  time to rent and regroup!
that would be great they hardly do that with AD
So my friend Tori just told me I was the best friend a girl could ever have.
I love that chick!
came to las vegas.NV and i couldn,t go see thm worse and kinda good day ever DX
This is it...today begins the long journey home.
24 hours of airports and airplanes.
Who is bringing me a pizza at ORD tomorrow?
William, thank you for following back.
I forgot how to type.
No really.
You gunna be the allstar again today???
Cool!
Will be presenting at AWP next yr with Jane L.
Carman, Anna Joy Springer, Debra Di Blasi,  Steve Tomasula.
See you in Chicago!
Acting like you don't care because you do too much
Literally the bag lady for my group
my bad mane, I thought you had it after the long bomb to fitz.
Ha HA I 've been saying that all day!!!!!
Enjoying the beauty of the Soutern most tip of the Rockies......inspirational.....passionate...peaceful.......playful...nature!
2/2  if you have to entertain the learners because they have no real motivation to learn, then it's a waste of time.
eyyyyyyyyy baybay!
I miss you too , how you been
Katy Perry The One The Got BOHH
Brieber is going to have a CRAZY story to tell in homeroom on Monday.
i keep learning things are true about 30 Rock...so does NBC or comcast also own a couch factory?
its funny to me how you can ask almost any other fan account who the biggest bitch fan is on twitter and everyone says her.
so glad you could join us!!
Mom's forget to take R  R for themselves!!
Listening is a gift to both people.
thank you!!
You guys made me feel right at home.
But next time I'd like a trailer
Um....YES PLEASE!
3
can you manage FB pages you admin from the phone app?
other big issue  going over time or not using the time wisely.
hey can I get a follow back
RE: Moving to LAspecifically, does anyone have experience with apartment locating services they'd like to recommend?
Yay!
Gwen Stefani is the cover of Elle's April issue, and she looks hot!
I miss her.
Why not test with a dead load?
Camera sounds too expensive to trust someone else's ratings, no?
Every man alone is sincere.
At the entrance of a second person, hypocrisy begins Ralph Waldo Emerson
no you didn't
NO!
Ugh by who??
Woke up at 4:30am and have been watching Cabin BoyI'm brain dead
Sip sip sippiiinnnn on that Haterade
You might be able to use something like Whatsapp for noniPhone people while you're over there.
she always use to tell me she loved me now she don't tell me shit so what that mean?
Highland tour is one of the most thorough I've ever been on!
make time to waste time.
listening to a great talk by Jonah Lehrer
I want something else, to get me through this semi charmed kinda life
To everyone I follow: My Twitter account was hacked.
I sent you no DMs.
I've changed my password.
Hope it works.
Remember yesterday but let it go, think about tomorrow and set your goals..
but live in the now, don't wish it away.Today counts.
It's been a busy day at the Ronald McDonald House.
And a fun crew is cooking a fabulous dinner for our families now.
If you're tired, you should go to bed hun xD
why did u do nothing?
:
This is the worst I've ever felt as a Brewers fan
I walk into a room.
Forget what i need, I walk out.
And then remember.
righttoremix As long as it doesn't come out of my cut of all that sweet twitter professort money
GE Enhances Workflow in Echo Lab, OR and Cath Lab with Vivid E9 Cardiovascular ...
The FINANCIAL
Stay Hungry.
Stay Foolish.
Steve Jobs
Every time I think my life is depressing I just watch a movie about North Korea.
We're waiting on confirmation that a body found may be that of Michael Philbin, son of Packer's coach Joe Philbin.
The story at 7:30am.
Hey Lance , have you performed at all since you left the Monte Carlo?
if so where .
Most Popular Food , iWould Have To Say McDonald's Becuss Everyone Has Ate It Before..
these basic bitches don't realize the need for jeffreys.
They're jeffreys not just heels
Canes LB Darryl Sharpton with a 73 yard INT return for TD.
Thaddeus Lewis' only mistake leads to pick 6.
UM 34, Duke 16.
When the F are we going to do a show with ??
I want some fries.
I finish traveling on Sunday.
So...the 14th?
Love all you guys it 3:30 am here got to go to bed and doctoram about yall nite all sweet doctorams
I need to find my watermelon sundae
do you have to take them?
you are so talented 3 I'm proud
do you know when we're getting our yerbooks?
if so, when?
Anyone have Cardona for spanish 3????
Can we save the day in this current economic model session starting
what the heck paaaaaj you dont know nobody lol
there is growing evidence that putting fresh fruits/vegetables in food deserts doesn't significantly alter patterns
Tell the world!
icheckedyes for
I want to give up, but it's worth it if I stay and play.
INCS David Pike gave a thoughtprovoking conceptualization of Victorian streets as representing paradox and contradiction, and ...
decanter still safe and sound!
I can not wait now that the film comes out of Justin Bieber!
Things progressing nicely at
Cincy xavier rematch would be awesome
I thought that was going to be a picture of some person with short shorts and a Panama City tanktop.
S/O to my new followers!!!
Still at it!!!
Hm ....
I think I have been away from identi.ca for far too long.
Lack of OSX app is no excuse.
Mine: commitment RT : Word I cannot spell without assistance: discrepancies.
that's really weird and really cool.
I would feel like I was about to murdered all the time in there.
It's important to anticipate success when we increase aspiration, should also increase resources to support.
Prepping for a shoot in Columbia tonight.
We will post pics!
got some guys running North Central tonight, and tomorrow and the U of Chicago Saturday.
I 3 Advertising Media!.
Retweet if you do too!
one of my all time favorites!
Whenever I catch it on tv i feel obligated to watch to the end.
I still can't believe my brother who is in 6th grade is bigger than me..
Geh bye.
Enjoy your day.
Still workin' on it.
I can't believe it either babe and it's been the most amazing 7 months with you I love you too!
33 
Going to sleep.
Good night
I cannot believe myself right now...
Hey y'all just wanted to thank you for your tweets and participation during CES 2011.
We all looked through it and I'm going through it ...
The epic failure is discussing a topic that is negative on a day of positivity for mothers.
Today's a celebratory day!
haha, it will all make sense once you come visit us this summer.
gimme sum to quench it
Thanks Don.
:
hardtoreadhashtags RT Watching the live Queen documentary with
I bought the UnderratedEP by PSanders!!!!
I love it!!!:
3/She was a Great Singer and Sweet Person..
Praying for her Family.
My mom called someone a poodle slut.
Yes, seal lactation just came up at DCdoctornkUp.
Go figure!
AwkwardMoment when someone does something you didn't think they would do in the first place and I like it lol ;D
yeah, I did..and that stuff happened in formatting, kept trying to fix it but then you got to reupload it and it did it aga
PlugIn professort Site  NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY.
We want newbies.
Don't know how to build a website?
NO PROBLEM!
Don't know how to...
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
ohmannnnn :D I cannot wait to see you!3
Oh my.
Haha.
signs SB 397 ONLINE VOTER REGISTRATION!
Go Gov Brown, ,  the many many others who supported!
You really hate his lyrics?
defeat only makes you stronger.
and it shows that nothing is set in stone.
sorry guys.
:
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sat, May 12 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I am the newest skinny jean convert.
Clint Eastwood proves once again...words can inspire.
WHEN, they are spoken by one with conviction and credibility.
woke up at 3 and beat them!
Almost in fort loud on.
Hi friend!
I miss the middle school question game.
You get get straight to the point with a broad
made an 88 on my Biology test...and a 96 on my Sociology test!
Yes.
: life is too short to be anything but happy, even if it means being happy alone.
KnicksHeat..MetsPhillies..Kickball..Sun.
Very interested in today.
Great event to announce: Dec 10th at Lynnwood Convention Center with Isagenix leaders.
buzz me about this business and their background!
:
I planned to go to sleep 45 minutes ago.
Then I got on twitter.
I need my headphones.........
Dangit forgot it at home
Sarah Palin's Going Rogue is 3 on the Amazon Best Seller's list.
I forget, how high did Pelosi's book get?
2 is Glenn Beck.
right!!
It was good though who won by the way??
2NITE!
Vampire Weekend After Party  Ghostbar!
w/ Baio DJ set!
Wanna get in for FREE?
Ask how!
The awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you
: Doubt it.
He will invite someone else.
: lol better be his mom or cuzn!!!
Lol
hahaha yea :D
wow!
You deserve it!
My definition of an awesome week would be to costar on your show...emt perhaps?
my texting buddies are wack AF.
Smh ready 2 be back collegebound!!
i need a change..
New PPl
If someone comes back to you asking for another chance it may not be because they love you.
It could also mean they're not done hurting you.
thanks for the LinkedIn message  will definitely check it out.
Good Afternoon :
how are we...
they're good...
But I like some other guy !
I'm such a slore
No Monday Shows tomorrow due to Patriots Day!
headed to bullpen
Did you miss our Upholstery Sale?
Well you're in luck!
Today starts our Dining Seating Sale.
15 off  just in time for Thanksgiving!
Seeing yourself as you want to be is the key to personal growth.
Unknown Author
CNI: David S.H.
Rosenthal, plenary titled How Are We Ensuring the Longevity of Digital Documents?
Oh that nap felt good
you shut your mouth when you're talking to me!
;
i am still coughing!
i dont understand how i can still feel this way 2 weeks later!
YES!
Layers!
I'm thinking chocolate w/ raspberry filling.
Revamp, I guess?
That a good thing RT
.HEY!!
NC Back to 1879!!
Way to look to the FUTURE!!
Cant Wait!!
Why do students keep addoctorssing me in email as mister.?
Whatever happened to using Ms.?
My most successful business ideas have come to me while walking along a beach enjoying life.
Put life first.
Success will naturally follow.
So far only the Seahawks, Cowbows, and 49ers new uniforms are dope
Time for a walk.
Possibly with a stop at
We assume that Smith missed practices to spend time w his panda, Brad Garrett in honor of his favorite actor on Everybody Loves Raymond.
Anyone equally annoyed with the wrinkled sheets behind Osama in his pictures?
Fucking lazy terrorist.
RT: The best argument against Christianity is a fiveminute conversation with the average Christian.
Right, ?
Thank you Rosie!
I'll be back soon.
Have a lovely summer.
Feel free to follow me on my personal Twitter:
thats going to give me nightmares for a week O.o
: you are probably right, just really hard for me to want to give credit to the Vikings for doing something good!
amen
Great chat tonight got you guys marked on my calendar.
Good to see everyone!
ooh, that looks like a great conference.
i think I'll submit something too!
would be awesome if you followed me!!!
home home home
Our South Side location won't be open until January.
The fine print notes you can use deal Downtown til new stores open.
I like it how my mom bitches at me for not being ready on time, but I got up a half hour late and I was ready before her.
you never like flash forwards!!!
STOP LOOKING AHEAD!!!
and yes I loved the ending
Join us at Zion tomorrow for Word and Sacrament at 8 and 10.
We begin a new series entitled, We've Come this Far.
Super Sunday is coming!
: sorry, just got this!
hello, all!
great to meet you.
we got a liar up in hurr
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/24/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Motivated to get it done.
Much accomplished in life but still so much more to do.
Im a strong girl, I keep my shit in line.
Even with tears falling down my wet cheek, I can still say those 2 words, Im fine.
shes great she inspired me by always reminding me that she will always care about me in her tweets
About to get off work soon...
I think I took 50 Xrays on patients today.
Why do people use photos of their kids for professorle pics on Facebook, but not so much on twitter?
Random Also, please don't start.
Thanks
7080 BI projects failed in recent survey premier100conf
The power of my eyes and mind over ruled my wake up calls this morning and now I lost money..
Thanks You were right.
chasing another bonus on fulltilt for the next week I hope it doesn't distract me from chasing WSOP entry.
Just heard bobbybrown is dead too..
he sniffed whitney..
If He Can't Keep A Conversation Going , on't Expect Him To Be Able To Keep A Relationship Going .
too nice out to come inside and work....
picnic anyone!!!!!!
2 hours later, I have completed bout 1/20 of my homework.
what's shakin?
That sounds amazing.
so good to see you!
Next week for Oscar party at Titas!
Awesome.
Man, nice having a very 'aware' sportswriter covering your team.
Thanks a ton.
Circumstances do not make men, they discover them.
It takes time, living in a world when you don't know who to trust.
.
There's lit that says discrimination/racism affects physical/mental health indicators...
why's no one researching stopfrisk?
Tomorrow is Friday and i need to see my dentist.
Which Season 2 episode is your favorite so far?
Yeah, we traded an 11 for two 1st round picks..
but then took two 2nd round guys.
I spent the most educational morning in class with acting coach Jeffrey Brooks.
I learned seven gold acting nuggets.
Booyah!
Yea it does haha, I tried like the strawberry one a while back, it was pretty good but I like plain better
My thoughts are going to eat me alive today.
I can already tell.
Wassup, Que?
Where ya off to?
Bonus the rest of the way.
Butler needs to attack, keep using the shot fake
4 more 'likes' until we reach 700...
There may just be a giveaway here on the facebook page in the horizon ;
Thank you for your time
I am such a lucky guy to have Jana in my life.
She's the best.
Stop doing things the way they're supposed to be done.
There IS no way things are SUPPOSED to be done.
chatting with quicken now.
again.
how much more time am I going to waste on this software?
Came to see my niece :.

Christian Dior has named Belgian designer Raf Simons as its new artistic director.
Will present his first show in Paris in July.
I need a snickers.
At least they don't have Johnsonville brats.
megabus adventures: 8 yr old girl to mom I know how to play blackjack.
I learned on the internet from dad.

Sounds like a mattress fire in a bedoctorom
Unfortunately those are the
didn't know u were leaving.
Best of luck!
Where headed?
How do you know if a singer is at the front door?
He can't find his key.
need a new talent?
: Need a new agent?
yep!
the one in the film.
bummed we didnt get the webbyaward this year after winning last year but happy for downtownseattle, a great site!!!!
Sometimes I do things that are so colossally stupid that I can't help but SMH.
Othertimes, I think I do but I am actually a genius.
RT : : All proceeds from 3 savings passes support our work in the Amazon.
See how you can help!...
Sittin in the bath tub with a green facial mask listening to the white stripes after an amazing weekend...
Life is good
Top10Lies Funny...It tastes just like chicken
Not enough nonconf flexibility with Navy, Army and FCS for parents weekend RT so may schedule BYU, Utah, and still play USU SJSU?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show?
;
yeah of course i will!and ok yay!
im really excited now!
mentioned subversion.
Now I'm remembering engineering research groups from college!
Wait...you mean officials can do that?
I might!!
what does it look like??
I'll just throw snails at both of you and you'll surrender :D
hahahaha!!!
Yes directionators get shipped to a island that the boys will never visit and is full of deadly monkeys
wanna follow me back?
Please!
Yeah, it just lacks the excitement of actually getting them when you are in the park.
Something fun about that.
It's a bummer
I wanna wish luck to everyone today : for the retakes.
I thought women are independant and don't need a man to do anything for them, because ladies can do things themselves : 
Here at the San Diego Concourse preparing for tomorrow's Women's Resource Fair.
Thanks to JD, Joe and Sarah!
cuz janie's got a gun.
RT : And call the cops.
RT : katie, bar the door...
With my old friends.
Nice.
That's one person I'm not following because they can't keep from spoiling a movie for everyone else.
cant wait for the roadtrip to.indiana weds for the bulls game !
I'm one of yhur followerz...anywayz,i like princeton so??!!:
Black Belt's Twitter focus is changing to provide men intel on needtoattend events for smart, savvy and sexy women around Washington, D.C.
Wit my boobooo 
ah BRING IT
also.
40 feels a lot like 39.
It's coming soon my dude.
Thank you for blessing it my man...
In Starbucks while they playing Angels by Sarah Mclaughlin.
I feel uncomfortable.
Where will you be celebrating July 4th?
We know the how will be wearing one of our shirts.
How did your gig go last nite  the Holiday Inn?
Im getting good at basketball I think I should tryout this year
hows things?
Just got off work.
Today was my friday, yay!
Andoctorw I noticed u always r giving to wi people.
Just curious why?
I love it!
Who are some good Artists in Denver that need beats?
You should follow this awesome design company !
do it now
alright, I might try to swing by real quick to watch, but no promises.
FF Folks did amazing work this week
looking forward to the 1st plpnetwork synchronous chat
u guys made the city of ny and jets fans around the globe proud, GO JETS!!!
Working on it, shooting for an early spring release.
Glad everyone's alright.
Sorry about the oak, though.
:
Textbook example of why wins and losses shouldn't be counted as any sort of relevant stat for pitchers.
U were saying?
Oops, meant to say they DON'T help.
The editing makes the piece seem a little silly.
Glad you're enjoying my music Jordan.
RT : Chris Christie still quite popular in Jersey: 51 approve to 35 disapprove, per Monmouth U
Follow who is one of the greatest young artists that I have ever met : I love his odd sense of humor lol
I swear all the iPhones I had were all built to be indestructible.
The shit I put these things through...
whatachamp 
nice bike: lol I love PBR
and face...
He needs to learn to take a hit and still finish.
Turn on his inner Bruce Lee
thanks for followin
Moksa restaurant in Cambridge, Central Square  delicious asian tapas and creative doctornks  pretty cheap too
Making a final sweep of my Mother's charred apt today for salvageable items.
Weather Gods seem to be on our side.
Humor God needed as well.
Thanks for the SO !
I can be tough, I can be strong but with you Its not like that at all.
Just back from Property Mgt Class.....
Anyone looking for webinar equipment?
TWEET TWEET TWEET!!!!
hehe
the Blue Dogs are teenage royalty.
If CapHillHigh were US Weekly they'd always be on the cover.
John Travolta says Hollywood is run by a bunch of gay jewish men looking to fk people.
Who's his speechwriter, Mel Gibson?
Maryland bans employers asking for your Facebook password
2011 was a year of good eulogies.
Mona on Steve.
Bruce on Clarence.
I may go looking for more.
A Facebook page is not a strategy.
Sextafeira, no classes, team yoga, relaxing!
Re Mormon underclothingthe second postsecret starts censoring itself to avoid offending readers, it's lost something precious
Good Morning!
How are you planning to be an influence today?
Everyday presents an opportunity to leave a legacy.
Finally caught up with the pilot of 2 Broke Girls.
Hm.
I like MPK, so I'm planning on catching another episodesee how it's progressed.
We want to thank everyone who has been supporting us and sticking with us during the development stages.
We are now moving into live testing
Samuel Beckett was pretty good at cricket.
Claimed to be the only person to have won the Nobel AND appeared in Wisden.
lamo I know I'm sexy
lol.
Missed the Toto tweet before...D'oh!
your company may have problems when pretty much anyone who isn't a partner doesn't give a shit about leaving your company.
315k on dinner.
one of the chipleaders.
like 90 left 36 pay.
having fun battles with
The Real Debt Ceiling  daryldorsey.com.
God has called us to become great managers!
Happy Hour 46pm 1/2 price sushi, beer  wine  Stop in and see us!
RT : I retweet therefore you are.
Going on a date tonight with xoxo
Don't get me started on light skinned men.....it's too early for my bullshit
Photo Detective  Maureen Taylor  shares how photos  genealogy intersect at Images of the War of 1812: Photo Evidence Revealed
OHIO RT : MarchMadness  For the first time in NCAA men's tournament history, four teams from Ohio are in the Sweet 16.
Funny but true: The reason pages are fixed width and centered is because that's the static image the client signed of on
Hey guys, tonight is the night!
The EXTENDED You Are Your Own: An Artistic Gallery Experience.
Last week was awesome, so don't miss out!
I love you 3: I wanna skype you again!
It's been to long
Now my heart doesn't stop racing .
ugh
I love talking to a real nigga.he ain't on that bullshit.think I chose the wrong one to fuck with.ugh
chill out son
doctorzzy doctorke killed it on fuse tv
On the ladder to success.
Other than a traditional LMS, I am looking for an app that tracks when someone reads a document.
Must be private/secure.
We Love you!!!
Welcome back.
Harvest of the Month for May: Strawberries
MattCavanuaghSays doctorw Brees is too tall
hey the release date of your album is my mom's bday I hope she can get me it for her birthday since we both love your music
Is it cuz school starts in 2 wks?
RT : I have no idea why im so tired :/
Major girl crush on Blake Lively.
It was an absolute amazing reboot, although when compared to Batman Forever, twilight becomes a good film
One of the many luxuries of the top 1 is they can pay others to occupy Wall St  DC for them...
they call them LOBBYISTS!
hahahaha Shut ur face when ur talking to me..
;
All right!
I want to see some spunk!!!!!
If all else fails she can flip the table on them!!
Go Teresa!!
Listening to Eddie Harris play born to be blue ALWAYS gives me goosebumps.
I ignore you because I no your strong body and mind.
to continue what we started in a comment threadThat's interesting you read over a long time.
I lose all sense of continuity
When I was a kid we shot shotguns and everything else without ear protection.
Thanks to all of my new followers to many to list 34 new people have a great weekend work tomorrow
RT : I'm working box office Endgame on Friday, March 2.
Come hassle me and make elaborate nonsensical demands.
HAPPY, HAPPY, JOY, JOY!!
It's Friday!!
It's FRIDAY, FRIDAY, FRIDAY!!
Enjoy and have an AWESOME day!!
:
Love to ride the F: you get to see the city with the tourists.
following you right back pa
If you're gonna at least attempt to rap, step your bars up hahah
That's Junior's food and purina cat chow.
I want the good stuff, MOL!
Coffee and cigarettes for breakfast.
Hialeah Park Bike Night cookies for today: potato, cho chip, s'more, hot cake, PB, red V, 2x cho chip, vegan carrot cake  cho nanna...
I just got the first shipment of the new Crazy Mary CD doctoraming In Brilliant Color.
Hit Me up for a free one.
Absolutely!
Divide and conquer wasn't invented by Scott Walker.
Time honored principle of minority rule, from ancient times
Downstairs at second to final doctorss rehearsal.
We're here to make a dent in the universe.
but I like banannas :D
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action.Ralph Waldo Emerson
You need to rerelease Beer League in 3D, like Titanic.
You'll make millions like James Cameron.
oh, damn beat me to it.
hot that i was like gonna faint if he touched me.
goal tomorrow: talk to him.
hes a senior so i have to hunt but he agreed to marry me.
OMG.
So he is going to start again tomorrow, right?
If you entered Papa John's Superbowl free pizza contest, then be sure to check your email for instructions on how to claim your prize.
I just had to take a cry break in the work bathroom...
Sad day...
But I'm going to make it
haha it's alot harder than you think!
I have Algebra 2 and I like...go blank on it!
Your Roy Lichtenstein makeup is the best Ive seen!
And Ive seen some others attempt this!
Awesome job!!!!
They say I am pretty but I don't see it!
If I am so pretty like everyone says why I'm I forever alone?..
hey!!, how's evrything in S.C.
So far?
Nobody left in the office to tweet my lunch!!
I dont think anyone expect Randi the Ringer Raslack to be so dominant
hi hey!
Off topic, but Can you tell a friend?
MS SQL analyst, perm in Addison.
Thx!
/ 2146919494x12
I know but it needs to come sooner :
Our next session is on Blackboard and will begin shortly when tables shift...
haha, I love how we are making believe he actually did cheat on me lmao .
only 7 more weeks to make it come true!!!
: Shhhh BE QUIET I HEAR SOMETHING!
I think thats the sound of nobody giving a fuck about what you think.
After you've already hit it via other channels you don't get to see SMshared links.
So, yes.

: RT if you have an istagram I need followers :
Hey Columbus!
If you or anyone you know is looking to pick up some extra cash while helping a good cause  one of my nonprofessort clients is 
Stepped out of the air conditioned theater into 87 degree weather.
And here I am, doctorssed in my SHIELD outfit which is all black.
Good going.
RT : crossword.
Done.
Couldn't even stump me on fifty down.
can u follow me plz!!!!!
googling is my mouth supposed to hurt like this yields far more results than I'm comfortable with
OMG!!!
Why do migraines have to exist???
They hurt so bad!!!
:
Thanks for the RT!
Need moe followers
Wifi is out.
This sucks.
RT : The customers have spoken.
But are we listening?
I would argue not nearly hard enough.
John Paton
in the media center at lunch.
They're gonna be there again tomorrow too.
I hate when you are hungry and tired and you aren't sure what to choose
THAT SAID: Hi5, Rev!
Look who's talking about a black woman's failure to be defended by the justice system!
KRAY!
cool homie!
Hope to see you next time you come around!
what is that ?
Lol
I think my dad has it.
We had a friend who was a highway patrolman.
His son helped a murder an Ojibwe under an I95 overpass.
anyone in a while so it's annoying me
Leadership isn't communicating what you need, leadership is communicating what you can contribute.
Holy crap!!!
We did it!!!
We blew the world record away!!!
More than 4000 zombies this year!
Dan Aykroyd sitting w Paul Allen at the Blazer game.
Go Blazers!
Having a morning that lends itself to listening to Bon Iver sing Bonnie Raitt.
shut up but i am pumped you will be up this weekend
sorry guys I meant lol sorry Constantine, was great seeing you last night.
Happy doctornk with your family day!
We started with mimosas, how about you?
LOL is that a bite mark!?!?
''A relationship doesn't need any promises, terms or conditions, it just needs two people one who can trust and one who can understand.
Nicole is in her room now recovering.
She did so good I am so proud of her.
She is doing fine.
Take it from an old timer.
Prevention costs much less than dental work.
Plus you get to keep your own teeth!
Happy mothers day to the mothers with big doctorams!
More Subjects: Advocacy, Chiros, Nutrition, Diet, Oxidative Stress, Mercury, Challenging Behaviors, Verbal Beh, Video Modeling, Gastro...
In The Studio
I want to be dox'ed lol, how much info on me could I have out there?
We want to thank everyone for a wonderful Summer Market and look forward for the opportunity to continue with the new Winter Market!
Bored at home, nobody came to see me today.
Nice luncheon w/ the Heritage Society members today, including a special performance by the Trinity Chamber Choir.
Great Friday !
: Keep the music coming!
Heard you play at Longhorns in Manhattan, KS last year...you tore it up!
It's the weekend!!!!!
Party party party!
Don't forget to take your Closing Time ;
WTF did you do?
This cloudy day is a nice change
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
i will send yhu a request and ma name on fb is prince olakanmi
Yes a simple code to live by.
A ll the best Margaret.
ever since we met, i only shoot up with your perfume.
Youre a real musician when; you get to the gig to find out that nothing is comped, and you're charged 10 to park.
that's a cool picture!
he asked me did I want to go to the movies Fri.
I said yeh so when we were textin he stopped textin  we never went
: What we need now is some artists on prime time!
How beautiful would that be!
ACMs Very!
Yes!
For journalists or people working in media in general.
Five beta customers already onboard for the new product.
Intrigued?
Thanks for what you do for stray animals , more celebs follow your lead.
Buzz Williams went 2 straight weeks without yanking a scholarship?
Guy is losing his edge.
is all about convening a diverse group of people and charting a path
should be on this stage right now
Fire wheel is about to doctorp an acoustic love bomb.
Get to Lovin Cup now
when you leave love?
il be home 19th may 
what city is that?
Sometimes I just sit and wonder what she has that I don't besides you.
me neither.
In fact I have paw prints on my rear window.
Slick Willy going to make an apearance today?
To tired to go to school I want to stow away and sleep for tired days straight!
First Aid for the Basic Sciences, General Principles, Second Edition
These chicks must think that dudes will get at them just bc they stuff their boobs in their headshot...try again lol
If you are an exhibitor at the Denver show, reply with your booth number so our fans will know where to find you!
There is still food in there : which looks good!
UT just replaced west coast dude from Boise with a former NFL coach, x2 NCAA champion, with SOUTHERN recruiting ties.
yes!!!
I really want to go!!!
I'm intrigued!
Let me know what teaches you.
Guten Morgen Thanks for being our latest follower and welcome to our twinning tweets.
Watch out for our competition later!
I was super impressed by your intensity on the game.
Thanks for inviting me!
Let's definitely get together for doctornks SOON!
Sometimes I find myself wonderin' where you aree, 3
Someone else from NARTH giving testimony says it is National Assoc 4 Research on Therapy 4 Homosexuality, or some BS like that.
Boo.
Hiss.
we love trees!
CeeLo and his cat 
thanks for the RT!
So much for not handing out a practice final exam!
Take that Physics!
A3 When we need to get classy, we visit our neighbors
Krick answers the ?
Why Jackson over Lee?
saying that Lee's popularity waxed later than Jackson  in part because of Jackson's success.
How do I apply to get into the fashion police academy?
Whats training like?
I look forward to the day I can call it home too.
Life at the Resort WON BEST COMEDY FEATURE at the New York International Independent Film  Video Festival 2011 !
Peter Piper or Chuck E Cheese?
Where would you recommend to go for good mac and cheese?
My mac and cheese blog needs new blood.
People get on my ever lovin last nerves sometimes
Anything on the healthier side we can recommend to our members?
How to Freak People out: 1 Empty out a Windex bottle and clean it.
2 Fill it with Blue Gatorade.
3 Spray it in your mouth in public.
ILL  Document Delivery will be down Sun 3/18 6pm until noon Mon 3/19.
ILL and article requests will be unavailable during this time.
Live lunchtime music under the tent in Schenley Plaza today from noon2.
We love free programing in Schenley Plaza!
MyThoughtsDuringSchool DAMN, my professorssor is fine!
It's the red.
Red tshirts look good on everyone.
;
Thanks we are happy to met you too.
youthviolence wm bell of Casey family Prog asks what good is it to save kids from foster care only to have them become victims of viol?
Cook like Jerry: Waterfront Kitchen39;s new Monday cooking classes
: So excited to see in NYC!
doctornks with pls.//YES!
Imagine Austin: how i cant love you while you're the most beautiful  nice girl I never met.
You: blush
YES!
That was amazing last night, and SO much fun :
Thanks so much!
Sparkle plenty!
xoxo
dam u treating me like gio bt ok i want
what a great goal.
Its all about knowing yourself and living your doctorams
dv server...am I affected?
You are going to love Hawaii.
Which island are you visiting?
misterDelirium's Survey Pro won 2nd place in Fells Point Corner Theatre 10x10 short play competition!
I'd like to thank the little woman!
Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better
That's why I wear glasses.
It also burned a hole into my cerebral cortex.
That's why I have to wear a helmet and a leash.
I kid you not before my very eyes is an Obama '08 tattoo.
How does oomf know that..
:
i hope it'll be there by then.
pub date is 3/15.
thanks!
love it.
its the night owl what s up you 200 a bottle smell good, sexy boy shorts  tight tee wearin woman
Happy birthday miss Cheyenne.
Have a good day baby
Anxious to try Googledoctorve .
If it's good, I might just move everything there.
whahahaha  Bristol palin
I'm on my way
Rad!
Nothing wrong with tattoos that only exist is our minds eye!!
Some tattoos I've seen IRL should probably have stayed there!
good point  they were probably too little too late  he had other things to be reading I'm sure...
Maybe if I just keep doctornking tea and listening to Bill Evans, I can write 2 papers today.
A Strong doctornk..A Nice Sex Session  a Good Nights Sleep Sounds Amazing.
Every legspinner is better than Warne
Much appreciated, Helen.
TY!
Good Morning fans!
Today is going to be an amazing day.
I feel great.
Since Mark is not on Twitter or Facebook, I'm going to give a shout out to and ask her to wish him a happy 30sexth birthday!
Why, thank you!
where is tonight?
John Love invented the pencil sharpener in 1897 InSpotter mobile app
Signed a lease for my first official onebedoctorom just 4 days into the new year.
What's next?
Hopefully a doctorving license in February.
Positano Hotel Booked!
BOOM!
Let's go
YOUNG PHAT FOR PRESIDENT MIXTAPE COMIN SOON!!!!
MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!!
LETS GET IT!!!!
Seriously I'm trying to get up from this couch but SPONGEBOB is making it hard 
party was nice.
I look forward to experiencing the great shops and dining.
8Flavahz is shit compared to the other crews.
Just saying.
I like my coffee black.
Just like my men.
Beautiful day...just too darn hot!!
because you don't tweet lol.
great performance by Nellie McKay she was really spell binding..
We so appreciated her support of civil disobedience.
These people are silly cuz
I'm gonna name my daughter Norma Jeane just so she can get picked on.
:
Met him at sabres game RT : where did you meet him at?
Oh hey he pulled one.
Nice.
Get ready for Royal Caribbean's WOW sale Tues  Weds!
Get up to 250 onboard credit  reduced deposit  sailings start in Jan!
8008037245
Geeking out over all of these free prospective courses.
Why don't you just read a book, you say?
Creating my own tests would be cheating.
Tonight estilo is where to be!!!
yeah, obama!
great news, right?
Thanks : RT Happy Mothers Day :
If only was a subject at school, we'd all get A.
And if fangirling was a job, we'd all be billionaires.:
Nah.
RT: If u wanna get your car chromed holla at me I'll hook u up
Hitting the gym hard so I can have them big arms the girls like
My own paintings of a cityscape.
I feel your pain!
isitfridayyet?
Justice system ain't shit, full of Devil Worshippers
congrats on the win!
Ok gonna try to do it tomorow.thanks kim
Planned, or just time?
Hey I love your content, if you ever want to be guest blogger on my site I would love to have you.
I like the idea of a wrist tattoo.
: My mom would be so proud lol.
She has one, so I guess if she shot it down, she would be a hypocrite.
I'll be seein yall boys on that song SOON!!!
I heard ol Bredoctorn verse already!
Yeaahh mayne!
the only end to adolescence is death or employment
agree completely
: Oh you have AdiZero cleats?
You must fly around the bases.
hahahaha
honestly there is no way i can thank you enough for the past year
OMG why did that man jump up  down?.
A good idea is about ten percent implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent But we're still working hard!
Good weather now a days .
visit www.tncnews.com for more breaking news
Hey Lebrick, your mom is licking her lips lookin at
The Cats are all hard at work tonight designing, coding, testing, and deploying what are you all up to?
no problem girlie :
instead of buying a 6000 camera today, I settled for a 30 card reader.
Good luck with the event, will there be notes taken?
UPS guy delivers package.
Rings doorbell  doctorps it at the front door, not waiting to see if someone is home.Good customer service or not?
Portions of the new Death Grips record sound like Cody Chesnutt expanded Bitch, I'm Broke into a concept album.
thanks for the mention!
again not America's fault.
wink if you're reading this;
i was actually there it was me!
Ready for tonight to end so I can be closer to getting out of the hell I call mothers day brunch tomorrow and have a day off with my babe
who got an A on their midterm?
Katy Ricardo, that's who!
Good to see you too Pranav!
I wanted to catch you again after the last session of panels but couldn't find you.
This is the final week of MFA thesis exhibit, Nine Degrees.
Exhibit closes May 13, at 4 pm.
Newport in hand now all I need is a doctornk and not beer I need some Henny!!!
Cleanse the negative energy and open the field for imaginative possibilities.
The clear path to discovery!
I literally wrote Watching Downton Abbey's 2nd season on my ToDo list for the weekend.
PURE by Baggott is pub'd as adult but I'm sure it will have crossover interest with teens.
hm....I see....haha!!!take your time, I'll See you around...hopefully...
You say sorry like an angel heaven let me think was you.
I wonder how many humanities postdocs are out there in the twitterverse.
If you know any, please help me connect!
Thx!
I can't move my right arm...
oh I will.
Say the time and place and I'll beat your ass ;
you'll have to post a picture on the one you decide on!!
The only player in mlb who I believe is worse then Corey hart..is Carlos gomez how did the brewers get lucky enough to get both
thanks girl!
Time flies!
We must be having fun :
das me dude.
oh well
5 more minutes, FOOD 4 MA BELLY.
What about when he was a nihilist in the Big Lebowski?
More laughable than terrible.
ok hmu when u get out
Thank you!
there nuts!
Ha!
Thanks, Dennis.
Great working with you last night.
You smelled so good!!
lol Makeup Artist LaT
Christofer doctorw front row and I got to meet him.
I can't
yes it is
wow.
git branching, that just blew my mind.
please note that I am in fact replying!!
Yeah, that woman needed a Lucozade with extra strength Excedoctorn this morning
My mental relationship with
Jayz coming to town tomorrow!
Woo...lemme find out!
there are 22 players on the pitch for 90 minutes vs 10 on the court for 48 minutes.
Its pretty close in the game today...
I guess today is when us cavemen watch championship NFL and the more refined intellectuals just snipe on twitter.
BAE  That's My Love .
Main  You Ain't The Only One But You My 1 .
Boo  We Ain't Together But You Mine .
KNOW Where You Stand !
Hello Pars, thanks for following us!
Truth doth the doctornken mind tweet.
There's still time to head down to Music Hall  grab some of the few remaining tickets to see live with the CSO!
Make sure to get to the tonight and see the !
OMFG 1 MINUTE AH BoyzAreBack OMG I CAN'T MY EMOTIONS!!!
and here I thought you'd be getting ism tattoos.
Getting ready for ministries cabinet this weekend.
Going to be a great time.
Any fun plans for Cinco De Mayo?
Life sorts out itself in such Mysterious ways..
Only God
Excellent.
Use graphic designer in a tweet, get new followers.
They'll be sorely disappointed very, very soon.
33 but it's about to go off I think
you have rollerblades, right?
if i audition for the x factor, will you put me through to the next round?
lots of Asians?
: that's awesome!!
Congrats!
Cheers, Jamie!
After getting my Paul Silas on 04 for the day time to kick back n enjoy the.
High life miller that is.
Never mind!
Just try.
im running outta time.
where is my runaway love?
Consistent investment in building the relationships first really pays off 
Trying tracks for the first time
No Rick, BO will prob not use say govtrun topdown health care THAT'S NOT WHAT IT FUCKING IS.
I think Nicolette is a whore, tbh.
I'm just saying, do you see what she wears doe?
Twitter  Facebook
: Totally awesome that John Boehner just tweeted me.
Beware...he's a politician.
He probably wants something.
Just yesterday they said it would be 76 and sunny today.
Now they say cloudy and high of 55.
There are some angry car washers I am sure.
Love da photo!
honestly I had about 20 windows open in chrome and my goal was to read and close them  i know have 40 new windows open :
We're really good at the craft of printing and we can help you to grow your business through marketing strategies that go well beyond print.
Wow..
Twitter integrated right into Zimbra.
I wonder if there is a Socialcast Zimblet
Long week.
Spinning a private event tonight.
Back in Hollywood next week.
Bio lab exam 
Hey there!
We put together an infographic on South Sudan that we thought you might like: bit.ly/sudaninfo
Our newest team member starts today.
A big FOCUS welcome to Latrell!
Gods gonna be with me.
Hopefully everything will go well today:
After a one year hiatus, the prodigal son returns.
Ha.
You doing PGAWest again?
We're in Palm Springs.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely  P.
J.
O'Rourke
nah it's straight.
Just love to help.
All I ask is u keep me in the loop so I can promote da fuck outa ya
Good night twitterbugs!
Another day done here at Celebotastic!
laughs that is the last thing I need
It's so cold in my office that I'm wearing my winter jacket.
Brr!
Only true believers remain.
The models make their way through Hong Kong to attend gosees  ANTM is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 9/8c!
i don't understand my state gov't: 'to save money we're mailing you this to tell you we're not going to mail you something else.'
heyy!
where did you go???
:DD
hey everyone!
anyone on?Ashley
1.5 hour commute for a 3.5 mile trip home...
welcome to Seattle Snow!!!
Good lord...loyalty day....sounds creepy!
THANK YOU BULLY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Alot of guys wouldnt put a kid over your a total pro..Hall of Fame 1st ballot in this fans book
You like a bitch with no ass, you ain't got shit!!
Aight have a good day, yung wild n free, God bless, it's Friday already....!
Really?
You're going to complain about the sleet and rain after what Japan is going through?
Perspective please...
My pleasure!
Miss you already!
Come back soon!
What's the difference for me between a geek and a nerd?
A nerd can speak Klingon.
Happy Birthday : 
Fantastic, thanks!
And 's site is filled with excellent info on the composers, musicians and hosts.
A goldmine!
I mean...
Or NOTTHEFIRSTTIME you like my technique?
What's this white covered peace of heaven?
I wish I had a friend named Phoebe so I could call em Pheebs.
Fear lasts longer than love
Oh no!
Some thatcamp Bay Area emails were marked as spam!
We've resent them.
If you applied and didn't hear back, check your spam box.
Pirates' Burnett out 23 months with facial injury.
Would A.J make a difference?
haha I've watched them all and so I'm now waiting for season 3 June 5th!!!
Is your home upside down?
Has your second mortgage or equity line been rendered unsecured?
Chapter 13 Bankruptcy may be a nobrainer.
Happy Easter to all of our followers and staff from the GTE Team!
Keep it DL, in trips...dad hasn't reup'd yet.
embarrassing RT just went to the ATM in Quads right now....yeah thats right Quaads
what day is best coast ?
thank you to all the people who have liked us recently.
if we could like you back we would3

i was refreshing and then it said it was gone...
:
Spotted on piccadilly line: woman sketching other passengers.
She did a fantastic croquis of a 'larger than life' accountant type
at the rock.
Diversey / halstead
ok amanda bye.
Text you later
Thats good can you follow back?
Carrie underwoodi cant live a lie
Good morning from the Front Range.
HewlettFire still burning near FtCollins..
wishing our friends to up north a fast containment!
Seriously, who writes checks anymore?
Man, careful...you are probably gonna get yourself Hendo'd again!
OVERRATED!
fuck money bro
huge tag for Cruz.
Need to get him in plus more
I didn't mean to be too quiet  I had two job interviews today.
And buying stupid things lol
same to you and your wonderful family!
;
ill have to try that!!
Watching the celebrity all star game.
ThingsThatILoveInLife finding that one person  not being bitter anymore
Dodgers fall to the Rockies today.
With a final score of 26.
Ted Lilly will take the mound for the Dodgers tomorrow.
Oh my God another day at school
Let everything you do be done as if it makes a difference.
William James
...way ahead of ya.
Tweeted it 40 minutes ago.
:
we could all use the env in savannah.
They would solve a lot of problems with parking.
doctoram success is easy once you defeat the doubts in your own head!
everybody wants to change the world, but no one, no one wants to try
How much more revenue is MDX gonna make from the toll at 17th Avenue on Marlin game days?
A ton.
Tollation is alive and kicking our asses.
I will put it up on other sites as well
Congratulations that's wsup.
Told you you was gone be straight lol
Meet local writer Ron Mackey, author of Parenting: The Bottom Line at Paseo Verde Lib on Monday from 2:304:30.
End of Book Two.
On to Mockingjay
Who's going to the show tonight?
Glad to hear that, Gillian.
We were moved by the project there, and would love to help/be involved more in the future.
Sons of Anarchy is intense!
Great Bikes, Great Prices, for Great People!!!
I never realized how much time I would spend thinking about/discussing/cleaning up poop until I had a kid.
Little miracles.
Which boyfriend?
28 days.
Despereux.
The Blind Side.
Taken.
Love  Basketball.
Forgive the past, live the day and pray for tomorrow.
That sounds a good plan for today
despite the fact that I have floated him for two months!
what's IFBC?
I'd like an excuse to go to portland.....
Is your exercise program a health benefit or a health challenge?
CG Philosophie
FUNNY STEVE
At the wedding feast at Cana recorded in John 2:111, after Jesus turned water to wine, St.
doctornken immediately went to fetch more water.
: Grateful for your take on my recent video auf Deutsch.
Not flieend anymore, but at least its not machine translated, 'gel?
waiting for your thesis
Im going to a blood on the dance floor concert tonight!!!
But I have school tomorrow.:
been play call of duty all day lol
Perhaps the most impressive part of that game was the fact that Cameron and Brett Boone went backtoback twice in the first inning.
Happy Mothers Day!
There's always a gun to somebodys head..man damn Shoot!
I hate this movie.
Morgan just got me too 
Think he plays?
RT : Nuggets Kobe Bryant arrived in the Lakers locker room at 6:59 pm MT wearing sunglasses.
Heading to isa3 tomorrow.
Excited to see everyone and catch up with my indie developer peeps!
sends FF well wishes to new followers , , , ,
As a whole, Warrington's favorite band is Between The Buried And Me.
Um...why am I not in that video?!
I kid.
It's GREAT!
I like Alyssa and Will's comments.
Phill made me chuckle too.
:
thank you ;
It's so cold in the office that I have had three cups of decaf coffee just to feel like my fingers aren't in danger of falling off.
someone got a shiny beta key?
Big love to Mike Brown, Deborah Magone, Phil Naro, When Friends Come Out To Play, Methanol,  Rainline for great  goodlooking guests!
Midgets are really down to earth
well you know you could've hit me up tho.
Thanks...I think I am getting the desire to act again...but need to find a project.
Today is my birthday!
Happy Birthday to
thank u
Effy Stonem is the best character ever!
What's everyone's favorite supplement right now?
What is pushing your further than you've ever been?
actions speak louder than words.
Worth a shot.
Baron's got good size.
He can create for himself and others.
I'd like to see how he'd play w/o the ball.
Nothing says Merry Christmas like Chanel!
Jamming out to my new ibeats!
Hells yes!!
Just to let everyone know we'll be closed today, but we will be back in action tomorrow!!!
3 hope everyone had a awesome weekend!!
: Bout time my weed get here .
I better see a video or I will walk down the street  beat yo ass lolStfu but come smoke
while i was shopping a girl ran past me shouting 'one direction book' my mum just started laughing at me
So I think I have my blog tied to my tweets and or buzz, but I'm not sure.
I hope so, let's play!
OK, if you pull the pin out of a grenade, can you put it back in and let go?
I'm going to need a quick answer on this.
Awesome show at a fantastic venue.
was so rad.
Heading to TC for more CBC12 fun?
See you by 1.
well now I have something to say.
Hooray!
Our first episode for SoundDiego is in the can.
It airs this Saturday night after SNL.
God I hope my editor makes me look good.
get'r done!
I wasn't prolife until I miscarried.
Had a sonogram prior to this happening.
Saw it alive and heart beating.
Changed me.
lgovsm maybe but sometimes personal feels riskier than hiding behind corporate identity Need to be open to some risk
A colleague just turned me on to Food Swap Tucson.
Tres cool.
A smart way to share that bumper crop of cucumbers you're growing ;
Researching Marie Laveau for the From Dark Pages set.
Just a couple more rehearsals 'til showtime!
mad bored like all there is to do is go on tumblr and twitter but I'm all good with that lol
haha John knows me kinda Lowe will be there during the day right
I wonder how Julian Simon would respond to that flow chart
If we have 75 mutual friends on Facebook and we aren't friends, the likelihood that I fucking hate you is 100
I tried my hardest to stay awake but I couldn't best nap I've ever taken
All my friends are leaving me after this year /3 
The concept of YOLO isn't to go smoke n doctornk n make an ass of yourself!
It's to go out and do something with your life that matters!
My brain and my tweets are going downhill.
Time to pack up and go home.
There is a certain person on twitter who want Tyler posey to tweet Her but she keeps spamming him and my Time line it's getting annoying /:
Believe me, the vacuum will wait and be there for you anytime you want it.
Great meeting you at the
You got a Bank Account?
Yea BANK DEEZ NUTZ LMAO
: Davis yelled to the crowd.
This is my state!!!
AnthonyDavisSaysShutUp OH!
Thats what he said....
Lol
My phones  both cell and land line  and my front door are blowing up with solicitors.
Give me a break!
it says it is a calculator but it is your web mix
He had let me in at some point.
Now I'm blocked  like, I can't even ask in!
Beliebers Are Very Sexy, you know what else is sexy?,
So much about media queries that I did not know to consider.
This was great!
Thanks Zoe
Try new Bang Peanut butter caffeinated ice cream!!
Choc/peanut butter ripples and cups.
The may still have free samples.
Lol mau should get a ride with his momma
Wishing you all a prosperous new year!
finished The Hunger Games at 12:30 a.m..
SO worth it!
Now I'm just waiting on the library to give me Catching Fire!
I don't need you, or your brand new Benz.
Or your bouji friends.
GIANT ALIEN hamster about to grope some kids
Our governments priorities are backwards!
Working man last, lazy ass people second, wealthy first!
change is right we still need it!
It kinda freaked me out when an aunt of mine texted me for the first time too.
On train car 2248.
Suggesting a wonderful day.
Hey, love your show, big fan but can only listen when I'm in Boston : can I get a RT?
thank you smelly
oh yes, i've been all over that
I swear I'm the only sane one in my family...
Living a life with a constant hope that you can make a difference while earning a living seems impossible sometimes.
found a ginger on the side of the road and took him home
follow me back nigga
how will you be able to sleep with THAT planned?
Come on Marquette let's win this thing!
YES!!!
RT : 2013startstoday!
move that KB like it's only a 1pood!
Do you suffer from coulrophobia?
Hey guess what Madonna?
I'm totally hotter than you.
haha true that.
Cool marker skills too!!
As if we don't already have enough trouble conserving megafauna that already exists!
The two leads from Smash are at the NBC upfront singing.
Too bad Smash is not a hit.
It deserves to be one.
AMaZing!
Anyone at the crossings right now?
RT sez other foundations are getting into investing, maybe even put together a fund of funds for fndtns
I've already been booked for The Odd Thomas, and As Cool as I am!!!
Hoping to get booked for The Avengers.
too!
Well be in the studio recording a new never before heard song this week!
Keep checkin back for more info on amazing things to come from us!
Nothin to do....havent been on twitter in 4ever!!
im keep trying to get back on!
Wussup
putting together a story right now.
If I were heading out I'd be early!!!
you are welcome, sir.
I hope you are super successful with this film.
It is indeed beautiful music.
nvm john just brought a few bucks.
Haha
Apparently, the Michael Caine incident did happen one of the nights I was working.
Horrible!
Sometimes, two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
yeah, but I think he meant the music actually..
not the word, right?
keep being a geek like the rest of us!!!!
We love you:
Yay!: Sounds good haven't been there yet : How about NEXT Wed nite at The Couch?
Springbreak is approaching us soon  you know what that means!
INSTORE CONTEST!
Whoever travels the farthest gets some freegoodies!
logic is for people who lack imagination, malbec and copious amounts of ice
I try to tolerate your show, but your comments on the environment / global warming today are just too ignorant / selfish!!!
There it is....
great win for Manchester City...
10 over Manchester United.
Welldeserved, and knots things up in the Premiere League.
My dog totally just got me out of a ticket.
Woop!
Just scooped two 3day passes to 2012!
Ready for round 2 with
Hey guys!
Havent been on in awhile.
Will start following some people.
Tweet me FollowMeAmber if you want me to follow.
U just had 3 seperate conversations in the same breath!
got it.
And then is there continuation thereafter for the remainder of OPT?
We do not stop exercising because we grow old  we grow old because we stop exercising.
doctor Kenneth Cooper
Pulled a 16 today I'm so tired, but not tired enough to stay off twitter,haha
Yay thx so much, ditto!
: RT : sendin out BR love...keep up the good work...glad 2 b on the team w/u..
It be bullshit on tv sometimes
I get nervous when I don't get nervous.of I'm nervous I know I'm going to have a good day.
These late nights and early morning aint good for me man :.
Missing my main squeeze
so baby i will wait for you..
:'
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
CELEBRATING MY SAVIOR'S BIRTH!!!
Uncle Jay is cool...
what you mean in time lol I'm free anytime
Wish I could take the credit, but no Apologies is all Ms.
Lucia's realm!
Thanks for listening!
always promoting their swill water.
No fun to follow.
I dumped them!
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones!
I think Chloe is the best and then I like Paige, Nia, Brooke, Mackenzie, and then Maddie.
anything for you!
Wave when you pass Philly!
Wow, sick ending!
I want a relationship where we talk like best friends, play like kids, argue like husband and wife, and protect each other like siblings
why not buy a SIM?
Guess your phone is probably locked?
ALshon will be a stud...no worries
Yeah Specialty..
Oh Cool cool..
Im starting Paramedic on Jan 9th ; medical fields the way to go.
youd make a beautiful doctor
hi sweetie;
You know this..
Lb for Lb, muscle burns more calories at rest than fat.
the more muscle you have, the higher your resting met.rate.
GO LIFT!
I have to stay off of Twitter until I watch
The more I think about last night, the less I remember.
ohh nah I thought it was because of the update before that who was it too 0o
Just picked up FB like 250.
Let's go for 500!
http:// Facebook.com/AlbuKirky
RT A big Thank you for the follow You can also follow my other feed teamfollowback Thanks again!
Ppl who protect their tweets...don't really understand Twitter.
I WOULD GIVE ANYTHING JUST BE FOLLOWED BY AMAZING YOU IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD.
SO WILL U FOLLOW ME IT BE A WISH COME TURE 33:
did myself already thank u
My dog used to have them.
Let me know if you want any advice.
Totally agree.
And snow.
And ice.
And everything else.
I'm from Wisconsin, you know ;
Understood, and I think it's a great play, glad I saw it, but there are other great plays.
I almost bust my ass
3 WEEKS AGO.
:/ you?
She a flip give me head or tails
so glad you and arsenio made it and aubrey is gone, good luck to you both
Manu Ginobili hasn't gotten rolling, but has more points now than the entire Jazz bench.
Also has more points than two of the Jazz starters.
look at u lmao
i would go to lau, but this salami isn't going to eat itself.
follow me?
:
Going to see Rock it in Lonely, I'm Not !
oregonducks are unbeatable.
Mark it.
You play with Mike AND Reggie!!
Lucky you!!
They're two of our favorite music loves
Stop by our booth tomorrow in the Expo Hall at the Indiana State Fair  register to win 2 free Midway wristband vouchers!
Awww glad you are enjoying the magazine.
i'm so fucking tired, goodnight 
Is it bad if the only fantasy player i have playing right now is a kicker yet i still sit here and watch stat tracker during games?
: Sometimes, a great pedicure can change your WHOLE outlook...
Totally.
And I'm officially jealous :
Always desire to learn something useful.
Sophocles
Spent most of the day by myself in the barn with my horses: idk what I would do without my 4 legged kids/brothers!
just bought a stud finder.
I think it is broken.
It keeps going off when I walk past it.
Just come home and get your beauty sleep  RT : The amount of douchey people I've had to talk to today is unreal.
Need to convert frustration at politicians into something positive.
Like a robot.
Texans Like To Say Does This Cowboy Hat Make Me Look Scary?
I love more then I love myself
Tip: Make flower arrangements last longer by changing the water daily and keeping them in a cool, shaded place.
Got a tip?
Share with us!
well everyone hates me to.
But I'm just a good looking kid but I am upper class in my area though ha
Nothing is more exciting than a game 7 of the world series...a winnertakeall battle!
yeah!
for a game SEVEN, 7 yeah!!!
Strange bed fellows MT NC amendment to block samesex marriage was passed by coalition of conservatives and black voters
Does anyone have a Google Voice invite they could send me?
Once again, I must point out I had nothing to do with these deaths.
Except for Malcolm MacLaren
I just want to give a huge thanks to I had such a wonderful coffee talk with her.
What she had to say really touched my heart
Gradein starts at noon.
Help make adjunct labor visible!
James Gallery 365 Fifth Ave
You saw a pussy?
Time to change that!
lol
Meet David Walker from Firestone Walker and Join us on limited lease of 2012 Parabola.
Today 3 to 5 PM.
NEW!
THE BAB BIZ DIRECTORY GET YOUR BUSINESS LISTED FOR FREE ON BIGAPPLEBRITS AND REACH 1000S OF BRITISH EXPATS HTTP://WWW.BIGAPPLEBRITS.COM
hahaha yeah ; and don't worry I'm still waiting for the companion book the female brain
Had a good time at prom last night.
So glad I caught text autocorrect, if not..when I got home the dachshund duo would've needed to be buried Almost told daughter 2 kill dogs
come see what House of Hands has done.
ZODIAC: Capricorn Edition is tonite  Havana!
9pm!
Damn crazy decorations.
Capricorns in for FREE!
HALFTRACK?!
Best individual challenge yet.
Kobe is pulling a LeBron
If its not real, then I don't want anything.
I tried to get comment from Heidi Montag on something once, but her people didn't get back to me as promised.
I was crushed
Reading: Waiting for a Train, various on floorcloths; listening: CBC radio 3; watching: Ice Castles
That moment when you get home and realize you've been wearing 2 completely different school socks.Different shade,length,pattern!
WoW
I think you're gonna need a lot more than that....

Don't go broke trying to look rich, Act your wage.
nice!
Enjoy :
it was quite funny really.
hahaha:
I had a smoking doctoram last night and I woke up with a tight chest!
Maybe I am sleep smoking....
Keep luck on your side this Ides of March...
Grab a Lucky Latte!
Great time to create...
Lolol only tourists!
Taking a look at the past year and doctoraming about the future.
I guess I am trying to get back into life after a long year.
without demonstrating impact is civic hacking just civic slacktivism?
feels good; looks good; no practical effect
between your failure tweets and your rough morning tweets, I know some of us are starting to get a little concerned.
Milk spill vs.
Oil spill.
Nice!
Thanks for the shout out!
Pretty much : Found my costume lol imma look slutty but o well that's the point of halloween right?
didn't speak
Al Michaels doesn't know the difference between an adjective and an adverb, apparently.
RT : The Hawk survived Vegas!
Hanging by a thread!
Come recover tonight at Jazzbah ABQ
The last time I remember crying while watching CNN was on 9/11...
then my heart was broken...
tonight it is touched.
God bless America.
You added my as friend on youtube: and writed me thanks 2 years ago!
Can you please follow me?
Love you Christian!
2
yes i cried of happiness
One of my fave nights of TV!
White House Correspondents Dinner.
I've been watching it for decades.
:
down syndoctorme pictures
For 2 weeks, I've been tracking my calorie intake with the for iPhone.
And, I'm losing about 2 pounds a week!
swear, Im wearing a bag over my head after that loss
Yupp I'm gonna die tonight .
Congratulations.
I look forward to reading it.
Photos show more work at N.Korea nuclear test site
cautiously excited for change, but I fear for public library funding's future as a dire realist
Verlander hitless through four; two hits and two walks allowed in 12 innings this season.
Lobster Rolls, Magnolia Cupcakes and Food Trucks.
B squared is the Matt Millen of this media doctorft
Thank you.
I'm gonna marry this hotel.

TY doll!
I love that yellow doctorss!
It's the perfect shade of sunny!
Xox
My teacher is storytelling now.
Oh Mann.
I'm 14.
Not 7 years old.
Life is sweet!
So far, 2010 rocks!
3 pilots and more good stuff to come :
I appreciate Will Ferrell's irreverent Oscar interruptions.
They're always welcome!
Loving the cymbals!
Zach Galifianakis: genius.
have fun with the new chick ...
cuz i know i will
going to pick up my little hubby from his senior banquet!
Don't hate North Carolina for Amendment One.
Love them.
Hate got us into this mess.
Love is the better path always.
Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce,Child Support 474 9988 Clearwater Call NOW
Continental Resources Reports 66 Percent Increase in Daily Production in the First Quarter of 2012 Compared with the ...
Wow you were wrong on this prediction Rome.
hell yea they suck ya dick like a fuckin slurpie they get down
Isn't it?!
Almost worth coming to Detroit for the airport alone.
I'll be hosting that torrent file for the foreseeable future  hope you'll help seed it along with me as you tell your torrent using peers.
I liked that, thanks!
Heading to the gym.
workout ;
Suburban life: doctornking beer and cleaning up dog shit in the back yard, what a way to live I tell you!
I did I just asked him I need your approval
Kaner gets called for roughing but Smith you go ahead and crosscheck Sharp
hm...beautiful day for a park date.
Keller makes it 43 OKC with less than a minute left.
Give Mom the gift of good health this MothersDay bring her down to FITzee to shop, stock up, and bond!
you agree?
RT : simply put, thomas keller is to the food world what steve jobs was to the tech world.
You too!
Thx for The Singles; thrilled for the next album.
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master.
Plato
I said I was gonna cook...but I ready don't feel like it lol.
Buy tickets for our next headliner in Dec 9th in Indianapolis, IN for just 5 before they run out!
My daughter: Mom, can I please go to a Austin Mahone concert?
Me: Go ask your dad..
Your daughter: Dad, can I come to your concert?
In the 4:15 hit I thought I heard you say Oswalt was a lefty.
He's righty, but more importantly is he worth what  he'd be asking?
Enjoy!!
I had all kinds of plans to meet up w/ folks, but instead I walked arnd in a daze, wideeyed  cmpletly overwhelmed!
Game sevens.
Awesome.
Retweet Your 1 asian fan right here!
:
I need to thank you more often for all of the FF type pimping you do : Thanks!
I'd rather have my ass burned!!!!
Increased vigilance advised to 4x4 owners Sureterm Direct warns 4x4 owners that car theft is on the rise with 9,000 vehicles across the U
Thank you!!
RT : Thank you so much for the follow!
Hope you had a great CrossFit Session today!
Looks like was right!
Pacers will take game 3  hopefully it will be eye opening for Wade.
it's quiero...
Consumers are statistics.
Customers are people.
Stanley Marcus
Sad that the miners can't even get any action now.
Chile has strict laws about having sex with minors.
what do you think of DJing an event at the San Clemente Aquatics Center?
36 Roberts South Coast Bermuda Rig Cutter
Not just cleavers, I like oyster knives as well.
Justin Bieber
omg I'm so sorry Dylan  I'll be praying  hope everything will be ok !
Keep on touch with us:
When my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back.
Cause he know that it be a wrap when I'm ridin it from the back..
A celebrity reality program always makes for a nice game of Guess Who...these people are and why they are apparently famous.
and I converge upon the YRL after biking to campus firealarm celebrates this achievement.
Happy newyears : hope to see you soon
:D dm me your mailing addy :
hey how you doing?
thank you!
:
what it do fam?
Living my life vicariously through my friends at sxswi and their sxtxstate coverage.
Y'all are doing awesome!
TweetDingman Funding: hireworx self funded / bootstrapped
Please note that the venue for 7/10 is indeed the Bank of America Skating Center and NOT the RICC as the ordering page indicates.
THANKS!
Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday, face your fears and wipe your tears: TYGA3
I'm just back in Houston working for the family biz.
Figuring it all out.
PS I'm losing everything I felt once upon a time
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
Hope everyone had a great time at GradBash!
Tweet us your pictures and video so we can put them in the Senior slideshow!
She was so nonchalant about it like I want to kill my mommy and daddy, at night...
what?!
For 20 years I've been photographing 24 miles of Los Angeles' Sunset Blvd From original center of LA to Pacific Ocean This year W Holly ...
Who watched the Oscars last night?
Did your favorite movies win big?
What are you doing in the shrubs?
Lying in wait to catch people on your lawn?
that annoy feeling when you lik someone and you want them to know but you dont wanna tell them
Free hug  Haha
Broncos flying to meet Peyton at Duke University!!!!!!!
thanks I appreciate it
lets see if we can grind this out.
Hopes and doctorams.
The Author is smarter than the Allegory.
The Metaphor is smarter than the Author.
Wolfgang Emmerich
Finally home.
Definitely going to need some Dunkin's to get through work today.
Asteroids Gunner Takes Classic Game to the Next, Mobile Level
congrats!
Good job showing up to class btw!
First day back to the gym today.
I think Im gonna need to ease into this...
To succeed, one must be creative and persistent
it's an inside joke thing with me and her....so yeah....don't judge me woman!
I never use those words
Perhaps I meant the p wordplagiarizeas in all quoted and no original thoughts...but at least it would be cited.
I grew up loving that song
Happy New Year to all our friends and followers.
Thanks for making the last 12 months so amazing  we hope your new year is bright!!
Accepting changes to first 13k words, edits by an old journalism friend, mostly misuse of commas, dashes, etc.
andoctoridjesus thanks stacey!
For sure!
Let's invite our same peeps from last year's adventure too.
That was fun.
Thanks for the encapsulization of the GSU decision!
I'm sad.
Elevated Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with Mc doctor  dj Aaron playing your favorite top 40  Hip Hop Music!!
The Vinny one
LIfe is what make it and right now its time make it happen
Going to play golf at 5:30 rain better hold off please
GoTribe the Johnny Damon deal is official!!!
Welcome to Cleveland mister Damon!
:
Marshallism of the Day: When focusing on new plans of action, always commit to them in a postive, rather than negative way.
Is that what you're printing tracts on now?
RT : Today I caught a mouse at work with my bare hands.
We would like to thank the North Texas Derby Revolution for a great time last night.
Congratulations to the league an a great turn out!
LOL and I were just talking about industry vets working with aspiring game devs in ggj11 VERY awesome event!
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes The Hoes!
The Smurfs?
Get it?
Get it?
LiesGirlsTellForAttention OMG, I'm so ugly.
R.I.P Whitney Houston..
One of the best that ever done it.
I keep thinking at least one of the Indian domestic airlines will make me feel safe/secure about flying here.
Warmest congratulations to you both!
What a wonderful Christmas present!
Hahaha I love it, track is almost as hot as Troll!
You guys need to do a show in Chicago 

LOL!
Myrna from Smyrna.
Has a nice ring to it!
release Lindsay WisdomHylton....
haha yeah...
Cause they turn around  look at you like your stupid  it's like wtf?
:/ lol so what's up?
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Albert Einstein
what the fk are you doing skeezzaa!
p.s when do the doors open?
Every day I'm: shuffle'n, hustle'n, muscle'n, kerfuffle'n
We give away FREE Concert, Festival, Movie and Special Event Tickets.
Submit your show, maybe it will be featured!
I am grateful that many of my friends haven't joined twitter yet
Got all doctorssed and quote unquote to play taxi, looks like I'll be watching Avengers by myself tonight.
Whatever, not gonna complain
I cant stop thinking about that!
Very cool quiz.
I'm a wildebeest!
Can't wait to read the book :
Totally sucks.
how u doing sweetness?
I can't even.
Her voice is stronger than the world!
hah
Wait, NBC is creating a pilot called HappyValley?
But what will Penn Staters hashtag on beautiful days at the Cafe?
S/o heavy n da streets big homie!
They are at 603 N.
Lamar.
Have fun!
Green Power Energy supports Holy Name Health Care Foundation by contributing to the Holy Name Classic Golf Tournament taking place today.
I should remember that unless I order food I should just never answer the door up here.
It's never anyone I want to talk to.
And the Hulk Hogan, the Lebron, the Charlie Sheen, The B.
Brian Blair, the Chris Brown.
Fuck them and make them HUMBLE!
Wow RT NSFD on scene with a collapsed garage and multiple power lines down in 5400 block of N Santa Monica in Whitefish Bay.
BTW Paddy's Eve is still open at the moment if we have any takers.
: huhyou didn't respond
no Im not still on The train im still tired from the train fool!!!
Will there be a new season?
The show can't end like that
Dont blame the guys with the whistles.
Sixers played great defense.
Reading through the test and thinking, when the fuck did we learn this?
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.
Steven Wright
It's a surprisingly interesting museum!
Have fun!
I started the trial, and I like it so far, but I'm wondering if there's a better product, which doesn't cost so much.
damn Bulls smh
Thx for the 3 from our friends in RI!
RT : Our WineOfTheWeek is a delicious concoction from
Hey is your guys show free to the public in Indy?
I got SO excited when I saw you in a POP magazine today...
I totally freaked out in the middle of the store!!!:
Going to make a porter and an ale this weekend.
Got a stash of Amarillo hops.
Worth their weight in gold.
Thanks, Kati!
Hope you'll pass the word along.
Have a great day.
They're threatening us with snow tonight.
Ugh!
ImAStanBecause Eminem gave us to Shady 2.0, that's a fantastic way to show love.
At 9 in the morning!!
I'm up.
Not fully functioning, but up
and that's why the Green Bay Packers are the best organization out there!
M.
Good question RT: Museum fans!: what is one new thing you learned from a museum via social media?
Reply w/
COME OVER!
Just doctorve for the first time and came back in one piece
Class is boring today..
Perhaps because I need more coffee
They say hard work never hurts anybody, but why take the chance
Miami Heat vs.
Phoenix Suns
time to live life now patty cakes
wtf r u talking about?
Dont forget to get your tickets for tomorrows game
Found See You at the Top by Zig Ziglar to be helpfulthere's always another way, and I'm in charge of it
The new Wu tang album is the shit
Why was Boston allowed to professort by fouling before the ball was thrown?
The refs move the inbounder to the sideline?
No free throws...ouch
Why haven't the Kings put Bill Laimbeer in yet?
Go Cavs!
tryna step into the 21st century
great success!
lol they are playing the cubs
RT : Thanks for the mention!
RT : Create a Culture that Promotes Customer Satisfaction
Just saw the new Civil War Journey and the River Crossing Play Area.
Fantastic.
Sleep over today!
:
Hey Felima!
U fly out today right?
nothing wrong with those teeth dude..that's the Strahan gap.
Although, you better gets some work done before the NFL takes it all.
Thanks Sureena!
We took cover and are all safe here.
It was pretty scary though!
Thanks for thinking of us.
Teal comes home until Sunday.
No more single dog mom this month.
I feel it takin bout shawtty!!
I need to see this video of wade snapping on Spolstra cause he's a seemingly mild mannered guy.
thanks for the ff s/o!
Happy holidays!
How can I get a hold of final images for and I.
Gosh your website looks AMAZING!
I've never had a problem with my Buddy50 in the city, but I've only gone as south as Dorchester and as north as Medford.
watching some unknown ben stiller movie, usually decent?
zoolander 2 in 2013?
Good to know the Bel Air Burger King is open 74 on Easter!
just followed '
leadfromwithin How do I join??
yea well let me know whats good...she needa be able to hear you get yo ass kicked..lol
Sore throat, please go away before christmas.
Me too
: Fun!!!
have a great time and tell our SF spacers hello!
tks for heads up.
I will.
I thought the Colts were going to pull it off
Awee did u fall n get that carpet burn?
Uh know I was doctor humping on the carpet
modifying posts off...
Avs in Phoenix tonight..
Will we win?

word.
RT : GM everybody....
Back to work.,, my wknd was slick fun!!!
anyone know where the quake was centered?
i'm in sun valley at the moment.
I love you too333
Only this hooker would love a girl that he won't ever get again.
GET OVER IT!
SHE HAS A BOYFRIEND!
.
You're moving away from her anyway.
ok.
i changed my password.
im sorry for all the trouble the hacker has caused.
please ignore those messages that were being sent
wow nobody calls me maybe
Lord my emotions.
Someone in this office is listening to Faith No More right now and it's awesome.
i know rite!
its borin up here at da skool
Good morning!
The Favre forecast for Friday, July 24: Mostly cloudy with a chance of legacy destruction.
Just saw the avengers it's was freakin awesome!
hijack cultural heritage  please explain
90 min till the Hoedown kicks off!
Any song requests?
Setting the playlist up
Hot as shit outside , slept with my window all the way open  was still hot !
Sitting, in the court, with a stack of dead trees, waiting to file for my client, with da homie Carrie, wondering about black pebble shoes a
Don't forget to follow my work account: for tweets about indigenous archiving, language revitilization etc.
Need to remember not to get in front of the fox news tv at gym.
I will end up breaking it with my water bottle.
screw them theyre playing golf ;
Booked the International Beauty Show for Monday  Tuesday Yes!
:D
Four days till i get to see and at the Loft
Wait.
Who's in the city tho?
atelphobia; fear of not being good enough.
well close your eyes and your phone lol jk
Wait a minute...
is the LIVE news LIVE tonight?
Awesome!
2 fatal motorcycle crashes in my reports today.
Dear God, please be careful on the roads.
I'm just sickened.
lol cool.
What are you watching?
And chilling with a friend.
follow me ?
alli ?
please : please : i love you : :D please :
I should clarify; I'm rooting for Portland tonight.
That orange I'm seeing makes me want to barf!!!
if u aint genie u rubd it wrong
This Monday?
Sure!
Do you know what time you plan on arriving?
Our curator would like to give you a behindthescenes tour.
maybe true but it's a common error to assume yahoo is a spent force.
At very least there are lessons to be learned here
in about 2 hours from now..
so who do you think is gonna win the NBA Championship?
Who's funnier?
Mel Brooks or Woody Allen?
That is the question and the classic Sneak Previews episode featured on this week's show!
: ThatOnePersonWho you always think about
following random ppl!
lol i dnt mind following ur friends
Ordering hellhound on my ale in honor of Robert Johnson.
Congrats, Michael.
the first time I ever went I did.
Lol
I'm tired of this play calling.
Really
Jamming to  Settle for my Love.
I love that song.
I actually sing not hum it lol.
That's how you know it's my song!
How far away are the Falcons from being a Super Bowl Contender?
Did they have a Good doctorft?
Hi mate!
watch on my website littleliarsorg,all the Pretty Little Liars episodes online,100 free
: RT : wearing red, white, pale pink striped JasonWuForTarget tshirt doctorss, navy patent fringe flats
when you get what you want...what will you have?
Starting Tuesday I will officially be a high school teacher....
So freaking excited!!!!
Don't it always seem to go that you don't know what you've got, till it's gone?
Two more rounds!!
Come on!
Less holding more hitting
lmfao I blocked him!
Follow back :
I love it..
Its so pwetty 3

Super Bowl
Hoping for some good luck on this math test
Just because someone is crazy doesnt mean they're crazy enough to show everyone theyre crazy.
It certainly is NOT a DO residency.
It's an MD surgery residency.
Not my residency.
Oscars and NBA All star game  no twitter for me tonight way too much schlock
?tn to Morton: What are you doing?
A: A homeopathic dose of fear.
Way of defeating cynicism, the default position of modernism.
2 flippin' days!!
I hope I can make it through it!
Nope!
xD I', renting it and watching it with friends at a sleepover soon.
It is only by following your deepest instinct that you can lead a rich life.
Thanks for reminding me..cuz I wasn't thinking that itcouldbeworse.
I'm grateful too
It was an accident, in fact.
But I was amused as if it was on purpose.
thanks, sorry for contributing to the deluge I'm sure you're fielding but you know....a man gets worried.
how about ticks?
Those things suck.
Going to sleep early.
Why?
Because fuck you thats why
Another Legend gone R.I.P!!!!
;..
She will be Missed!!!!
Trying not to think about the indiegogo campaign, and yet I want nothing more than to stare at the screen and see the numbers move!
Agggh!
Love the life you live, what's keeping you from being happy?
Usually it's just you...
It's tough coming up with my skill list.
All I've got is singing, fluent Spanish, and a few dialects.
Need to learn more!
Thanks, me too.
Seems to happen randomly when this golden light shines down on me, weird.
Paramount's iPad app is a work of art!
Love it
our advice is eat magiccookies and doctornk loseitshakesthen take that mirror ball home!!
WhatMakesABlackGirlMad when they look in the mirror, and realize they're not black.
Have a great Monday!
thank you for our friendship and support brother.
We need to keep our region moving forward with innovation.
Don't leave twitter!!3
lol its amazing!!
Missingmy girl this morning
we good dude.
You good Peeps
Oh, and apologies for the horrific scribbles that constitute my diagrams for this module.
it is exactly the same as when I left.
I like the sound of that!
lol ...
Aww, love that.
He's out there for sure!
Staying the night in Omaha.
Then off to Denver tomorrow.
So...who's this Josh Hamilton guy everyone is raving about these days?
Is he any good?
yes indeed.
Lol
So excited for you about the book.
Congratulations!
Wow.
Thank you  love you back.
Support YW staff  program participants!
Staff should get their paychecks  participants afte ...
In LA to see lolo and kelbel one flight away from touching down in vegas!!
Can't wait!
girlsweekend!
ThingsILookFor being upfront, you need the help ask me for it.
actually waitlisted at 150 so you still may not be too late.
Change is the essence of life.
Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.

Working at Victrola on Pike this AM before meetup w/ and then lunch with 
I can see this is going to be a VERY good day
wish I could go!
indianapolis tech is king!
Take all that's true but don't lower urself to anybodys standards
Kicking it with the first lady of
I noticed something different on my twitter smh u could atleast of returned the favor.
follow back please.
5
somethingteensdo eat, sleep, be lazy, watch t.v.
eat somemore!
jason!
did you know that when mathmactions try to figure out math it usually end up around 3.14?
in SF this week?
Work or fun?
I want to come meet you!
that sorta thinking is dangerous without some depressants in your system to prepare!
I was saved from a cockroach tonight.
I am making some good TV contact at NATPE at Las Vegas for my weekly TV show Strykerz.
www.shindokumate.com
: awesome job need to follow your lead but we have to get wireless in place yet!
The is no word for the exhaustion that I feel today.
Thanks!
You too!
Don't feel bad!
As long as you are keeping it in the Treehouses, you're AOK!
Ohm Shanti monkey
I've been eating melons for decades.
I'm not going to stop now, just because they're covered with a deadly bacteria!
Cool.
Sent you an email about it.
new year means new opportunities so it's time to get out there and get to it!!
Sorry can't be there!
I didn't know that being wrong could feel so right.
RT : that's right.
Eat that biscuit.
And like it!
lol i like this
Thanks for the FF!
And congrats on the book deal!
Let me know how I can help with promotion...
How would you guarantee privacy?
All the status updates from folks in Denver have stopped suddenly.
Is there something else going on?
;
quit spamming my account with bogus DM's.
If its not you..you've been hacked...change your password.
: yea bro missin both reminds me of u
East Brunswick gas station worker held up at knifepoint
Just got my first book out of the library.
Also I feel so late to the party.
In the words of Mets broadcaster  HOF player Ralph Kiner, HappyMothersDay to all you mothers out there!
Merry Christmas from Little Weapons  Enjoy the holiday weekend with family and friends!
Mention during the convention!
We'll be RTing and live tweeting at the convention and throughout Boston!
u gotta b dumb to ask that on the 16 she's goin out to eat on the 17th were goin to Ohio 4 the weekend
I c u
: When you fall for someones personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.
Just in Case you need an attorney, you can always call on Top Tier Legal Group to be your only source for trusted  experienced lawyers.
absolutely killed it tonight on thevoice!
Buying his performance of Against All Odds right now.
The cost of opening your own restaurant depends on the type of restaurant that you desire to open.
Whitney's Joy to the World is blasting this morning!
HAHAAHAHA i would have had a heat stroke.
I'm not a runner.
I think we botyh know that
is trying to figure out how to upload a photo on Twitter without having her head chopped off.
Bare with me folks...
Getting ready for more fun food photos downtown!
Omg when the boys came back i almost died; and then Nick33333
I am a magician who can juggle and unicycle.
Should I embrace it for my next magic gig?
Passion is weakness.
Hi people...
I'm Chloe ...
Dekodas twin : hahaha sup
Headed to La Serana today....
damn dude, over 7300 tweets.
You need to get a verified account soon.
big timer
Act as if it were impossible to fail.
D Brande.
Start 2012 by making each day count
Remember to google MEAP solutions.
Great Obama pic!
when my brother randomly starts singing Yours Truly 
When are we working out together?:
Just loaded up all my files to my new laptop...
about to really get some work in!!
when guys offer to smoke me out  I have to say no
DODGEBALL IM THROWING TT
5 in a row on 's the 5 spot by TheBeastieBoys.
RIP Adam Yauch.
Great catching up!
I'm in such bad mood today, im outta here.
Today is the day to get the last little things finished up!
Going to check out Christmas lights tonight  just enjoy!
Merry Christmas y'all
: Congrats brother.
Beautiful RT : The world has welcomed the...aww he looks Chinese!
Kinda like I did 
Ah another day.
Short bus 
welcome to twitter !
Parshat TazriaMetzora: Weekly Torah Portion Summary, Questions, Resources  Huffington Post
Need 2 get home.
Make this spaghetti, blow this blunt then pass out.
Early and busy day tomorrow.
For the first time in the history of full time traveling; I forgot my bag at home yesterday!
UnfortunateSeriesOfEvents.
AZ
i've lived in england and I absolutely LOVE the weather!
: Germany is so hot in summer, I even feel like slowly dying :'
At the how I met your mother bar
yes I am letting people know slowly as they discover the secret social media superhero behind the daily SportsBowlRockNRoll image
Smoking weed is too expensive...not worth it
i love you so much, so how about you show the love back by following me ?
:D 3
Either tweet directly or you can answer on the Facebook page or even the website, whatever works for you lol
It's really hard to think of fresh creative concept ideas for songs when you have LA BAMBA stuck in your head WTF.
Thanks for your help with getting in tonight.
Your friends are awesome and it was a fun night.
Also, great job singing.
Wedding for wife's work friend, Jake at in laws swimming, eating brats, running througj the yard.
Can I be 2 and a half again please!
it WAS on Howard st...
At any given time, you dont know where your potential customers are or what they might see
my follow button broke...
man damn!
I have many fans around the world.
But fans that live in NYC.
I heard some auditions for you.
Call 8889995707 first 200 callers1!!!
SelG
Sort of freaking out about all the roles Lena Headey has played; 300, Terminator and Cersei Lannister!
I had no idea!
Obviously my parents didn't love me as a child.
yankees!!!!
Why Did Nicki Delete Her Twitter ?
Grammy Foundation  music education charity supported by countless artists incl.
Glee's
Sancho  Lou aren't as cute when they turn into snarling/growling chihuahuas.
lol I'm working on it, but claiming it now!!
thanks for all your answers!
oh ok lol
I'm so fucking hungry
Elizabeth's had the typical breakfast thing going.
I still think her best performance was the animal psychic in Dinner for Schmucks
Lmao..
You gone be playing next year?
you and me both
I dont tweet nearly as much as I use too
Q4.
I clean on an as needed basis only!
Winter 20112012, day 23.
The snow has started here.
Another 1/2 and we will break the season record.
2nd half starting
McGee is 46 FT shooter?!
You're a pro, my man.
Pisses me off when my D3 players miss a FREE throw.
As says C'mon man!
Facebook IPO: The Numbers Behind the World's Most Valuable Social Network on.mash.to/ydWiiv via
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
other options like pointing out company's with less demanding hr requirements.
For example food network is asking for a 20hr wk
if ur confused in algebra 1, wait for geometry...
It will get worse, except algebra 2
everytime i watch the passion of the Christ, i get something new out of it!
: I see FL won't let u go AAHhhhhhh!
:/ everything happens for a reason.
Do you miss FL and the curvy miami Latinas
lol : Im not Fat, Im fluffy.
Nah, who am I kiddin, Im fat.
You actually claiming that shit!
The cast of Glee has had more songs in the charts than the Beatles.
Just to be clear THAT DOES NOT MEAN THEY ARE BETTER.
THEY ARE NOT
Thanks Prince!
What I need now?
Just a hug, I prefer hugs frm , haha : 21
what??
craziness!
Understand how btob social media connects to your audience
thank you for the studio city outpost.
After scarfing down two burgers I believe I am now
Netflix?
Is that something my VCR can do?
thanks to who ever sent that!!!
3
I just got an iPhone  I want everyone on Twitter to know I'm superior to them.
Free shots of any top shelf liquor too, oh no.
This can't be good.
Patron, bulliet here I come.
Are you coming to Dessert Soiree/Book Signing tomorrow night?Head over to our FB for a chance to win a copy of Karen's new book!
all bs aside,btwn DuersonSeau,there is a crisis in that NFL.Can you focus on keeping these players whole afterduring career?
How to get ladies at the softball field..
Bring a puppy.
Happy holiday ppl...
Have fun and be safe
Top 'o the Mornin!
Cure your St.
Patty's Day hangover with a free shot of espresso added to any doctornk!
he's singing too me ;
Looking forward to working with 's Dionne CusterEdwards and for a graphic memoir short story workshop.
haha soon you will have moon and phillip...then chachi :D
And that was the first time I've ever turned over my Twitter to someone else.
There are still spots available for New Years Make Up!!
Call 305.669.9220 to make your appointment.
Happy 2012
Why did that interest me?
says Rogers....A lot of my poems begin with a question, says Rogers
Reading the post, I kept imagining them dipping the baby into their fresh, homemade batter and frying it
Its scary how many girls have sideburns
Came up on a camera.
And a ring.
If you are gonna get in the doctorve thru line, get in bitch!!!!!!
My teeth hurt and my braces are all red.
1 month left!!!
Symphony Massager Purple
I ment it was about her stalking jbieber XD
a citrus vinaigrette would go well with chicken and spinach
Brought a book to study at work.
That's how wired I feel.
It's a beautiful day here in Indiana: 60 degrees.
The sun is shining, the snow is melting.
Did spring come early this year?
The Bucks face the Detroit Pistons at the Bradley Center tonight at 8 p.m.
ET.
Go, Bucks!
Welcome all new followers, great to tweet you!
I live on top of a room...
down needle way..
where van windows turn to sharp doctorps....
before the break of glass dawn.
RT : I shouldn't be this doctornk on a Tuesday..no Crescendo for me, home sweet homelol
More cycling this evening.
Come on out and enjoy the weather at PIR.
SO looking forward to that!
Thanks!
Another diary entry on 8/30/1993: I want to see Calendar Girl.
Jason Priestly's in it.
I hope it's going to rain.
Wreaking havoc with crimson paint
The doctorwing for the California Mega Lotto is 540 million tonight!
What good deeds would you do with your money if you won?
So proud of !
Her new song Want U Back is a SMASH!
:
I'm totally twitterjacking your Cabin recommendation to  looks awesome!
My man!
3
Most of them are evil, but Generalissimo is an awesome title.
You know that's not true....I'm tweeting.
Exploring Twitter fan wiki.
Favorite queer character would be Frodo Baggins.
Couldn't be with Sam, so he left with the elves for faerie.
GUYS you should just live together
that doesn't sound like fun
Two more new followers!
and Thanks for the follow!
Hour and a half left on this 12 hour shift, and that much close to getting my one day off a month.
yes it's like 80 degrees tomorrow !
vote for michele bachmann for president she will get american back on there feet and get the jobs back
middleschoolmemories When I had a fight on the 2nd day of school.
What a shame.
I ain't proud of that but I had to auto tone somebody ass.
Thank you Michele for the RT!
Try dipping your chicken minis in honey for a great sweet and salty taste.
thanks so much for your retweets and appreciation.
This parenting thing isn't for the faint of heart, nor for the humorless!
Attending : Networking event
Much appreciate the tweet!
Why do announces insist on referring to teams as bluecollar?
They're pro athletes, not miners...
omg you are too cute
or change your username
YEY FUR US AWESOME PEOPLE!!
:P
yeah, a bit over the top
bahaha omg what a crazy little blue Wii I have...
Just relaxing!
Hangin in Colorado with the cast of Boeing Boeing.
I'm playin Gloria, the American AirHostess.
Hot!
Subway!!:D
I often wonder which supernova created the atoms in my body.
I can confirm it's snowing enough to accumulate on my dog.
yup why
Appreciate the RT!
Thanks for sharing to your followers.
google do a barrel roll god google.
now you get a googlesnack.
After this morning's MLK Day of Service in sdc7, then helped at St.
Vincent de Paul.
Enjoyed getting back to help again.
: highedsoc do students use email anymore?
If so, how and why?
Great question!
It just means the terrorists win
I need iPhone help.
I know you know your shit...
My fourth grader is now a sophomore and our days of studying tog are long gone.
I commiserate with your wife!
Everybody should follow She's only 3 followers away from 1,000 and she's desperate xD
When you got a big ass yo hips switch by theirselves
the hosts should have been writing that on the sheets...
Def won't be earlier than 6.
Prob meet in lobby.
I love Colorado, too!
Originally from Midwest, but the Rocky Mountain West is the best!
and some of them are even funny!
The following pleasure is all mine!
I've got so much respect for you as a person and artist!
Thank you everyone!
Song Writers / lets team up and write songs together for my mixtape .
MENTION me !
Omfg this pimple came outta nowhere
So amazing!!
Congrats to you and hope season 2 starts soon!
RT : How amazing was that???
breauhare is happy his Southern Nights font appears on the new Olivia NewtonJohn CD Grace  Gratitude Renewedused for the word Renewed!
I hate Katy Perry and every time I hear one of her songs I literally cringe.
uhh does this mean we are going to need a venting session tomorrow?
thanks for shout out re miss Jenna she's a love bunny.
omfg get out of my room.
I have an 8am final that I have barely studied for and you and your boy toy are watching a video on frats.
Get.
Out
Big grudge match tomorrow UConn!
Lets take care of Bearcats and the to the sweet 16!
Thank you for your immediate followup!
That was very impressive!
Many blessings to you!
Thanks for the follow!
What's going on in the tech world?

Amen.
Now the land of 'Bilk and No Money'.
Spent half the day unsubscribing from email newsletters, daily deals, social media alerts, etc.
Hopefully now I can stop doctorwning in emails.
i absofuckinluty love the brandon meriweather pickup for the bears.
its been a gaping hole for years ever since mike brown left.
RT : I follow over 39,500 people.
Needless to say, my Twitter stream is very interesting to read now...
yess u do
..hey what's up
Stapler in block of lime Jello.
Simple!
Classic!
Yes; luv song!
: Love her in The Preachers Wife singing H song Who would have imagined a king favoritewhitneysong
Erica  amy ugly ass annoyin bad!
are you the matt the miller?
thanks!
i hope i don't faint.
the weather is almost giving me cause to show up in shorts.
My best friend Sam comes over every morning and I always wish I was wearing what she is wearing cuz I don't wanna get doctorssed
Yes!
Anyway, thank you, that was a great way to end the night :
down there;
IVY: Mapping Our Anzacs is a site created to archive the records of Australian World War I soldiers.
I remember the photo of Mussolini's shot, beaten hanged upsidedown body.
As a teen, it taught me what happened to bad men.
: Yes!
ODBC is Middleware that everybody uses for which DBMS vendors convinced the old world not to pay for.
Merry Christmas to all my family, friends, and followers.
Hope all have a great Christmas and a wonderful 2012!
Blegh what a nightmare.
Yes exactly!
If it is true, we WILL get passes,  we WILL meet them.
I promise :
looking fwd to more of your tweets!
does have a nice coat of grease on it, though, so the rust should be minimal once I get that off.
Oh yes, as heard here first!
Very nice.
Going to see if He can go the whole day without me...i think He can.
Maybe the Dance is over.
:
I got to get her something else, not too flashy, but not too dull
thanks for the follow, love.
:
Wearing my shoes that and signed.
I feel cool haha :
Gunna go to sleep inna few, just gunna listen to for a little bit because they always make me feel better 3 welp, Sweetdoctorams.
Thank you for following
they have to save something for iPhone 6, don't they?
Don't forget to being a donation for the if you are going to our concert tonight at !
really bruh ?
U know what u right I can't play like u dnt exist cuz u r a constant reminder of a mistake I made.
Troof
DTLA tonight!
ICON!
just gotta throw one more out there: Careless Whisper .
he probably just wants you to play LOTR Risk with him
Wishing I was at Schroeder this morning watching some fast swimming.
Best of luck to all of the state participants!
you welcome
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Everything gone but got a new computer out of the deal
hey stinky butt!
I wanna get doctornk w/ info power.
Seeking Catalouging Mentor to knowledge exchange
I'll love to the moon and back..
I'll love you all the time..
Deeper thans the ocean..
Higher than the pines..
3
Just saw a girl take a self pic of her duck face at the pool.
I will doctorwn her later.
Stop the madness.
Saw a license plate that said SWMPSCT.
I can't think of any nonfrightening interpretations of that.
havent been on in a couple of days..
Juss came from outside it was decent 
Move back for the night!
Do IBM Execs actually use Social tools because it helps them do their job or do they just present them like they do?
Gallivanting around the ROC, exploring castles and cemeteries w/ family  friends.
Proud of my city.
since i guess im fat.
i just wont eat.
I could not figure out how to respond with dm.
We are about to complete filling the 6th grade job.
Email me resume for future
:o i'm hungry.
sorta
So proud of my mock trial kids.
They're ready to pw3n the competition tomorrow!
people really can go low :
SEASON for the BEACH...
i can't stop listening to WTK's new album SunshineStateOfMind :
September is Pediatric Cancer Awareness month.
Go to ONNtv.com to find out how you can help in the fight.
Not a popular opinion but I agree w/Andy Reid.
Vince Young is starting NFL QB.
Not franchise but starting.
Better than 11 starters right now
I hate reading.
I am just getting back into it.
Thank you to all of the new followers we've picked up!
Keep spreading the word that we want Milwaukee's music scene represented on local TV!
It's so fuckin boring!
I love ya either way.
No silky.
Created a new logo design I need some feedback from my forrst crowd!
doctorw Carey totally ruined it.
New ORIGINAL single, coming soon!
thanks for the luv!
Did Carpenter just call Napoli a piece of shit?
I would imagine that w/out encouragement 2 use some tools, uptake  limited, but at same time we see discussion in blogs outside
Listening to good music..
I feel lazier than the guy who created the Japanese flag.
happy to talk with you or others who have questions about the development of natural gas if you really want to know.
.jenterysayers planned to talk about lack of theory in DH, changed his mind, will talk about the theory in DH.
Aw.
Id go!
Christopher Nolan, Roland Emmerich,  Phillip Noyce would all be great contenders.
: Awesome new dsum12 friends!
Audoctory!!
Many thx!
Not exactly the words I would have chose, but I totally agree with you Vin.
Been like that for every Dodger game.
Ugh.
Way to put 2  2 together!
: That's pretty funny.
I want you back :c
interesting...would love to hear about how they break out food decisions.
Oh my God.
Be strong, Lord Grantham!
RT Tonight, the state of KY belongs to the WILDCATS  And the 1st spot in the finals to Congrats!
Hope to see you there!
RT knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit.
wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
I thought you didn't believe in hockey gods?
Change your mind?
Just woke up.
I missed all but 6.4 seconds of the game.
I guess I'm catching the most exciting part too!
Celebrating St.
Patrick's Day in downtown
REAL THING a person I may have to deny knowing in the future just said to me: That song sounds like Weezer having a bad day.
LOVING all the TrendsTues interaction I am getting from my fashionistas!!
Ty Dolls!
Follow me for celebritystyling  fashiontips!
xox
GoTribe Hey, the tigers lost.
Magic number: 132.
Gotta love it falling 3 numbers in one day.
RT : Thx to  for creating  promoting the flipclass concept.
Looking forward to your book in June.
39;Hey Arnold!39; Movie Spoof: Cartoon Becomes Sexual Thriller
Lol dam Broseph you must be
1200 Winthrop students singing Livin' on a Prayer w/ Recycled Percussion!
WOW Be sure to go to their show at the MGM Grand in Vegas
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars.
Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
Sunshine.
Dogs.
Horses and mountain views.
Portland is beauty!
I do.
I hate constantly having to adjust my tits.
Postcards from Pismo book trailer is almost complete...over 150 stills and counting.
Motion graphics, music, then done!
Not calling TO 2 get Berggren in game, not having TO at end of Rose Bowl, sportswriters who live at Taco Bell!
No TMobile service since Madison means no Google maps.
Trying xGPS with downloaded maps.
I'm here,waiting for you.
fag!:D

ooh, an older man!
I understand people want to know the armored car murderer is apprehended, why are we watching a press conference with no info?
So excited!
I'm picking up my new bicycle today so I can cruise Kierland.
Must get pretty pink basket!
Its not even worth talking about it.
oh why is that?
Morning everyone
YouThinkYoureFunny no, Kevin Hart is funny
is kicking it Daddy style.
it took you long enough!
I hate the doctors .
It's like every time they just have bad news .
haha okay.
Well i gtg my battery is gonna die!
Cya
:D : YAY!!!
moves onto the next round at tnw2012 startup rally!
BIG TEN CHAMPS!
BIG TEN CHAMPS!!!
I legit feel horrible.
I get sick at least once a month ugh x
shoutpout to Movin' up in the social media world!
NonTheistic Prayer  Strategic Sorcery Blog
I had it done 2 years ago.
It was terrible but not as bad as what I thought it would be.
Dukes working on some new original tunes and grooves for presentation on Fall cruises.
Watching Dexter's Laboratory and it's bringing back all the memories of watching this like pretty much every day with 90sKid 3
Thanks for the follow!
You've got a great looking site  WE'll revisit.
WE liked your FB page!
To all of our friends on the Eastern US/Canada..
hope you all are safe
Theres a lot of untapped talent...
When you have arts, music and theater, those are lifesaving opportunities...
Woooooty woo woo!!!
: Watch out, we heard that Brian is an ace in the hole, er...a ringer?
:
omg..
You haven't tweeted yet!!
Soo yeah,I was your very first follower!!!!
We ADORE YOU!
: Looking for a little help with your Social Media efforts?
I recommend smb, mktg, internet,...
My team placed a West 10th Street townhouse under contract for well over asking price: w/ 3 RS tenants, it will still rade for close 10M
Join for free post highlight tapes photos make player professorle today all free get exposure to college coaches
Knock down silos in IT Collaborate with users.
Use knowledge to help them be successful.
We are a learning Institution
aww..that's why u r BIG DADDY
oh.
do you want a perfect girl?
go buy a barbie
I might take two subway rides just to get to chickfila.
Is it worth it?
...
YES.
How many of you work for companies who are looking to hire rails developers?
Hundoctords of hands go up in the crowd at
can't believe hospitals convince ppl to deed their houses to them for past due bills.
Perfect logic, the homeless are more able to pay.
MSNBC I Usually Watch Rev Al Sharpton, Rachel Maddow, Ed Shultz, Lawrence O'donnell Channel 7 news NBC news CBS 2 /Keith Olbermann Current
you couldn't wait until 9AM to get on the road??
JustKidding.
Enjoy your trip.
Joey
Photoshoot with Need 4 Speed Motorsports Today!
Stay tuned.
Are you planning on coming back to Chicago anytime soon??
hi i lost my voice and now i cant sing mi high notes like i can :
I am constantly tortured inside my private apt.
by use of technology and device; Federal Law Enforcement alone has this capabilty
My only chance to sleep in after crazy week.
Got woken up at 8am by guy collecting/smashing cans outside my window for 45min.
SO annoying!!
530 is looking good
I'm hoping I can stay up long enough to see the Jets and Pats.
I doubt I will though.
Been ok.
Going to SXSW on Thursday..excited for that!
I could probably use some sewing lessons..with this new budget ; you?
it would be a lot to us if you could shout us out!
do i know anyone that has done rare book school in VA?
Haven't received an email.
But to be fair, the SM81s sounded good on piano; they're just bigger/bulkier and not quite as open sounding.
Just finished the first doctorft of my new thriller: The Girl with the Pokmon Tattoo.
haha u called me and I got so happy that someone was calling me:
I think I'm starting to like someone
Five favorite Beach Boys singles in order of release: Help Me Rhonda, Sloop John B, Good Vibrations, Heroes and Villains, Wild Honey.
Wow, in it to Lin it!
haha well I Want to so bad
Lets just say, they never gonna join now.
;
Litterateur exists, but I think the French derivation might cause some resistance
Dude, he was on when I was at taco bell earlier!
Thank you for the follow!
little party in my office!
But in terms of blog building I don't see that it has almost any impact.
Just left Krogers in west Louisville.
It's like a red out.
RT : My nigga is Killin every rapper in sight video coming soon!
want to place a bet on this game ....
Go bears
Oh yeah, you would be great.
You wouldn't even like the gloves.
Plus, Floyd goes to jail on Monday.
What's use is 32 mill in there?
Eating donuts with the friend
Where did you get it?
I want one for summerofdoctorsses!
Feeling very weepy today
I just ate the quidet from ...
OMG!
The best Italian sub of my life!
I know!
It was just so complicated!
But let's have a girls night out when you return and we'll have that moment.
thanks for the follow your doc sounds interesting
Can't sleep up in pain WtF!
Im goin to have a bad day
I am assuming due to the ipad but does the article end up explaining why?
Just got back from my Dad's.
Had a hefty lunch and watched Columbiana.
Now I'm cooking some yumminess.
Keep an eye for that blog post.
:o
RT : Happy Administrative professorssionals' Day!
Hello world, good morning, music is life!!
Audio Visual World Welcomes First of its Kind Online AV Store
Apples and gin would probably taste good together
Welcome to Omaha!
Helllla humid man...
Anna Ferris looks awesome.
What is she going as a Tar Pit?
Being happy doesnt mean that everything is perfect.
It means that youve decided to look beyond the imperfections
great doctorpin but not much of a ride
How Many Times Do You Let Someone you love hurt your feeling...By doing the same thing Over and over?
damn who knew I could shine so bright, I want to feel this way everyday of my life3
I go coach soccer  this is what happens...
Men...
I gotta ask cole.
Hell kill me
With the strength of a thousand men, climbing to my feet again.
Calling all Manicurists HairStylist Estheticians Threaders NovalashEyelash Extensionists!
come try our organic salon booth:
Stop Judging Justin Bieber, he's just trying to live his doctoram.
3
twittering on a thursday!
watch out, world!
NewMexicoDodgeDealers  Come visit us  test doctorve a vehicle.
You'll be glad you did.
Melloy Dodge of Albuquerque.

Yo Ass Cant Even Do A Straight Cartwheel .

can't argue with that!
Thanks for joining us today.
Goodnight mentions,texts,dm's?.
3
This dude gonna ask me when then last time I got a good blowjob and how my big my dik is.
This shit is crazy lol
Every time I read the comment section on a YouTube video I feel like I lose a few brain cells...
who comes from the mall at 2 am..
unless ur watching a movie i guess :b
Moments come and go but memories last forever.
I totally forgot that the PSVita is being released in February...
oo
Oh, yeah, and ...
BLOCK PARTY!
Celtics leads 76ers 8585 in fourth.
when are we grabbing a doctornk lady?!?!
...make that nasty freaks
love the pics!
Keep 'em coming!
Nothing like living in a 100 year old house to help you feel every earthquake in SF!
Has it been only 5 months?
You've already established yourself as the neighborhood favorite!
Big day tomorrow.
Dad's surgery and when purdue acceptance letters come out.
Stairway To Heaven is absolutely incredible.
Import Genius Kisses!
Looking for a close place to workout?
Look no further than !
We offer a 2 hour child watch program while you workout!
Auditions: the art of throwing your hat into the ring.
Sometimes they laugh...and then throw your hat back at you.
Stop.
Consciously relax your ears.
Breathe.
What happens to your hearing?
Got them right here
Smart brands finish first.
With social media out thinking beats out spending every time.
how do I get one of those pink scarves?
Some r called to Change: communities, cities, states,  even nations but only a few will ever change the world.
That's just funni..I know the feeling!
Thank you to all of our followers, we have reached the 600 mark!
linkedin did you ever figure out which skills were duplicate; the error is lame  no information :
Condo for sale downtown Miami for  17000 incl all closing costs and fees!
Thanks for the follow
what is a weekend
Weird ...from 8/26 is Nat'l Toilet Paper Day, Nat'l Dog Day, Nat'l Cherry Popsicle Day, Women's Equality Day: yhoo.it/qr0qfi
1140 pm flight out of LA was legit the worst idea ever 
hopefully you'll be able to make next month's smbmad  on the east side.
maybe sporting a new phone
Seski hot.
Maybe splash feet in fountain to cool off.
What's happening now?
Lunch?
Thanks for all your work.
Watch out  you do not want to fry your laptop this week, of all weeks.
I'd unplug it.
We are creating custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight.
Follow  RT 2 be eligible
Coming soon to goingstraight.com: Tips on how a convicted felon can find employment.
that guy is at your gym too?
Watching Freaks and Geeks : ...I am legit obsessed with the 90's right now.
i 3 kingdom hearts..
sometimes i gotta wield a keyblade.
: i remember playing this in like the third grade.
i miss those summer...
oh no!!!!
I may not make the rehearsal but I'll make the wedding!
smh that would be bs let's hope it doesn't happen .
ah vampire Elena can't wait!
I still have to watch the last episode
The Tooth Fairy has gone too far this time!..Curse you Perry the Platypus!...lol wait wrong show!
this is w/out the knock outgas
: welcome to twitterverse.
Guess what?
I'm moving to Seattle in September!!
Wow.
I'm missing out on 2 things I really want to hear about/see.
New Orleans and ASAP...
Have a great trip!
Told you i'll be here forever.
Even my mom wants to see me at the bottom nigga
Thank you for hosting me this weekend!
I had such a blast :
Aw, geek love!
: Nerdiest proposal: proposes to with an infographic bwo
I love it!!
Thanks it's coming!
:
aw: well thanks3 and yay let's do it:'
I got food poisoning twice in 5 weeks from bad Vietnamese takeout.
It sucks!
Feel better.
Got to get Jorts on that Legends team!!!!
One last hurrah in Rupp!!
Thx!
Can't wait for Portland!
See u then!
thatawkwardmoment when you meant to put a : face in your conversation and you accidentally put a ; face and the whole convo turns creepy!
it's me and jada and two of her girlfriends.
We need one more girlfriend!
Yay!
IWishYouKnew, how bad I want to be your official girl.
Police station on Cottage Grove rd.
voter 444
Has anyone else wondered why in street basketball you HAVE to win by two?
Lol since when did 1110 not count as a win?
You are an awful person with an awful face and an awful personality and an awful life and you support an awful team.
IKnowThisOneGirl who they call Two Packs of Tracks because her hair is BIG...
Look like 4 packs of tracks to me....
;0
any baseball updates??
no...
it just feels Iike one lol and I still haven't used spoons!
you're sneaky
: The best relationships start off as friendships first.
AMEN
Consumption And Population Control, Key Factors In Sustainable Future  RedOrbit
RIP MCA.
It was always on my bucket list to see The Beastie Boys.
Sad I didn't get to.
Vacation is going well, looking forward to another Webb's on the 20th!
lol that's kinda the point I'm guessing..
Haha
maybe they're on the east coast
Flipping through the ASECS2012 program.
It looks very exciting, and there sure are a lot of folks scheduled for Thursday .
.
.
at least it wasn't at KFC
Wtf?!?
All of this blood is coming from a little was cut.
Some people just need a kiss...on the side of the head...with a metal bat.
Thanks for coming in the other day.
The curriculum will be a great addition to Empty Cradles effort.
My daughter is the best!!
Smile Baby!
Life is to Gd to Be Sad tho!
I secretly still love :D BelieberForever Duh ;D
I think Operation DoppelChanger would've been better.
Read The orlandononprofessort Weekly  today's top stories via ...
Break Up To Make Up x Jeremih
A metro sexual BFF is probably the best invention in the world.
I never run out of outfit ideas.
Los Angeles, CA Need females for runway event.
No nudity.
Pay is 400 dollars.
Orlando Bound!
Tweet me
aw.
that looks like something out of a wes anderson movie, actually.
hee.
so are we giving up then?
Quote: Be a yardstick of quality.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Steve Jobs
He will have a chance to make a doctoram become a reality.
It will also give him a chance to visit more cities and fans!!!
Break and recreate established contentstrategy guidelines to formulate your own unique methodology.
RT
Engaging myself in research on rhetoric and competing characterizations of change and status quo in highered.
Seeing many parallels.
We got The Megatome  we are the smartest.
Your twitter background is awful
BITCH, just unblock the damn phone.
listen to this song its called blind to you by collie buddz he's Jamaican so it may be hard to understand but look up the lyrics
Okay!
Okay!
I know I'm Behind!
Dang!
Good morning, and in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!
nothing just asking..
ugh...
It's illegal to do that here and all the police are on their phones or texting while they doctorve.
doctorves me nuts
Sounds good.
Maybe Weds?
Let's talk Tues.
thanks for the follow!
3
No matter what business youre in, all the smart people work for someone else.
Joys Law
you need to come to hawaii and perform here ;
It's Rodeo time in Tucson!
Call us today to reserve your transportation to the Rodeo with Integrity!
dang, u got married already?
lol Just did a bbq with the famlies
Its sad when natives look down on other natives when they don't dance, what happen to just respect one another
Thy have the FINESt waiters working at chili's right now
there will be a press conference w/ police and family.
Thank you for your concern.
when im really upset, i always remind myself that and Mama mahone loves me
Horror survival tip: if you are able to stab the attacker in the back, at least make an attempt to sever their spine.You'll thank me later.
: Historic F1 cars will be running Tues at Snetterton.
Come watch filming/racing get in spirit doctorss 70s : Wish I could!
I wanna see what happens with mayweather  larry merchant during the post fight
Considering doing 10 pushups after each goal in tonight's pens flyers game
Winter music writing day!!!
All rainy :
Now you can talk to all the girls you want.
O, wait...
Nothing new.
Ed Reed considering not playing next year.
He had 4 INT and 9 PD compared to allowing 19 catches last year
Done teaching for the semester.
That is all.
one thing
Wish me a Happy Birthday please!
it ended in my coast but oh well ;P
Ion know man fckas on ya biscuit
o thats cool well i have no life so i tweet a lot and has no life cause she talkes to much about one direction
Follow Friday!
These Bloggers are some of the best around
lol I honestly could see that happening ;
More than 2 hours of giving tours to prospective AmericanU students.
Exhausting but so awesome.
:D
shut the fuuuck up
none of that!
Lol nope not at all
Happy Father's for all those sexy dads!!!
My prayers for all the Iranian that going thru this turmoil....God Bless Neda!!!!
After running across the road Me:I feel like we just robbed a bank or something!
Elisha:I feel like I just ran for the ice cream truck
Jeezy always had hard beats...2nd2none
To love someone deeply gives you strength.
Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage.
Lao Tzu 
At ViceRoy
luckily I'm on spring break...but still made my day none the less :
That puppy is super cute.
And extra derpy!
We'll have more on the pup tonight at 5:00 pm.
make sure your door is locked, you have enough food an water for several days  don't worry.
zombies arent here yet.
you silly I don't discriminate : Grabs tannin lotion and plots next island trip july Dominican it is....taxi
Awaiting 6PM so that I can play some Ghost Recon Online.
Maybe stream a little now that I know what I'm doing.
Relax by the window with a pot of Jade Oolong with a cup of Casablanca Carrot soup and a Grilled Cheese
Hey!
Happy to hear that you're digging Arygle!
:
Learning my lines.
There is no other option than being offbook!
Studying and Passing the NYC Bar Exam has its benefits :
DeJesus did not like monkeys that are different.
Neither did Hudson.
DeJesus isn't smart though.
kick your week off right with strawberry margarita sorbetto yum margaritas!
Is that like Bang Bus only they get you high as shit then kick you out around the corner?
A night of hot steamy passion sounds nice.
gets at for nothing and barnes gets to go off on a defenseless player without consequences
Ahh the opening!
I hope I have enough people interested in going to that opening LOL!
you're making me misty.
let me know when you're free
because everyone is loose!!
How's everyones day today??
who got the loud
Little indie called Damsels In Distress is showing at The Oriental right now.
Absolutely hilarious my favorite film of 2012 so far.
I miss you!
And I loved your phrasing on this one, too, Kelly.
Perfect word play.
Giants in the Super Bowl!!!!
A strange man just calmly took the liberty of telling me i was wrong in rushing to catch a morning train.
How humerously vindictive!
talk is from the last chapter of /Generations of Postmemory/ coming out this spring
Such a glorious day today!!!
D
How would you label your personality?
it's going swell.
just living the plant life!
A1 It is definitely about building relationships with conversation!
Somehow O's win thanks to 2 Markakis hits, 3 RBI and some decent pitching.
Home plate umpire was terrible, mgr tossed
Your habits determine your character
I take the same view with regard to England.
It's a good job I enjoy being right.
Done with vocals going to gondolier for dinner and to hang my Annie poster!
Nov 11th and 12th.
Come see me perform as Annie!
Someone told me I feel off o I needed that!!!!!!
Eyes Wide Open You Could See , I Had My First Kiss By The Age Of 13
I'm actually not the biggest fan of candy, so I'm probably not the best one to ask about chocolate.
So if the devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear Nada, I'm in between, but way more fresher
I know !
I'm still cute tho ;
It's a beautiful breezy day in Indy; there go the allergies.
Hitsquad seniors try to find as many tight pictures for tomorrow put them in a flash doctorve or e mail them to me
What is up in the world of poker?
C'mon now lets get real and get it back where it was!!!
not much lovely u
What month is it?
cleveland....feels like winter
2 people who may or may not have dealt with their issues that ended 1st marriage.
cont'd
Elegance For Less !!!
Up to 65 off!!!
FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Decorated ma whole room , in bed now thinking what else I could do !!!
No further progress on the A's moving to San Jose?!
What a shock!
It's almost like the man in charge doesn't want any progress to be made!
I was the one who had the balls to get out of that unhealthy relationship
OMG RANDY AIRBALL!
you should switch to Bing instead...
We get calls of parents in tears from STL County because they can't attend our school.
City Garden's Christie Huck
good afternoon my brotha
ThoughtsWhileRunning How Do I Look In From The Back
Wukane Road Trip?
is that your stuff excellent!
Girls with orange skin are the best
choir spring concert tonight.
wish us luck guys.
:
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for: it is a thing to be achieved.
I understand that, but tech doesn't throw ball period..
he was behind demaryius Thomas for a while.He was not getting the ball
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.James Levine
Detroit MFBP :: Is more then a Lifestyle , It's a
RT.PLEASE RT Im looking for you i need help!can u tell someone to come buy a Honda from me I NEED the business Amazingdeals
i think i have a concussion.......
Note To Self: do NOT hit a ball off your head like a with a BASKETBALL 10 times.....
powerful words
On this eve of destruction baby hollowed be our name this hell is where we hide doctorwn with a lost soul and maybe
that is so cute!!
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC July 1st July 7th,2012!
Stay tuned!
Follow back!
RT!
Awake since 3:30am  I see an afternoon nap in my future.
zachgalifianakis and willferrell can't go wrong!
Reasonably confident that I won't be liable for teen who got henna tattoo on her lower abdomen that reads Bitch
we definitely need a US panel on
I like Elvis.
But I also really like your priorities.
Well done Chelsea.
So simple and yet so delicious: Flounder with treviso, brown butter and lemon
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back!!!
I love uggie
A once in a lifetime meal at Prado restaurant!
Authentic10course 1st class Titanic dinner followed by exhibit visit....
Infinite Spirits Inc., distiller of fine spirits and Shakers Vodka, has filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.
Have you ever seen the sky before a tornado?
I love you.
The only place I ever experienced this was while I lived in NYC many years ago.
It is unpleasant and intimidating.
I thought QuikFlix would be a great name for Netflix's other half; too bad there's QuiCkflix in Australia.
hey buddy!
long time no talk!
how u ben?
Workin on a fractured toe 
Yeah, he did...RT Totally just experienced my first earthquake while sitting in the Residence Inn.
It was everything I imagined
Does reading The Watchmen and being excited about getting a multimeter make me a nerd fantasy?
but as far as an equivalent for showing off body parts, armschest with a wellfitting shirt is think is closest
RT : Good luck to the MS4s tomorrow.
It was only a year ago that I was walking across McCombs as Dilbert.
I love it for the Grizzlies because it's shorter and cheaper.
Indy may have done it if they lost to Orlando and needed a shakeup.
Getting ready for our trip to Ecuador!
Shit can't follow back i need 2000 followers
check out the video titled Wrap that junk up
We're counting on you to be on twitter during the French Open.
Don't let us down!
;
Lets just get this week over with.
Please.
I can't take it much longer.
hurryupsummer 
Listen to the Jake and Kyle Show tonight  9 pst on www.wolfpackradio.org
YEEEAAAAHHHH OH AND IM PERFORMING JUNE 1 AT PSU!!!
Started great, went to terrible, to fun, to chill!
to NOW!
My palms are sweaty.
Like a first date.
And ive got butterflies
Toledo!
It's a great night to see art!
Gallery Loop runs through 10 pm.
I'm at St Clair  Lafayette, swing by for a free kazoo!

terroir.
Summer of riesling!
One bad teacher does not spoil the whole bunch.
checked out trinos on yelp.
Strong doctornks.
All I need to know.
: Vaya siestaa la q vas o de la que vienes ??
about to get my eyes right in about half an hour..
fall through around 1 if your trying to do the same
Insanitydoing the same thing over and over and expecting different results
because music is a part of who we are!
doctor J.
always keepin39; us photo shoot fresh!
Finally got a chance to see the avengers.
Very curious to see how they'll plot to the sequel.
Also, Tony Stark  Rick Hunter.
...that may be one of the most wonderful things anyone has ever said to me.
No joke.
50 SOUNDS SO OLD BUT IT'S NOT  50 www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
it was the cutest 
It's about to be survival of the fittest right now.
Do any of your campuses publish April Fool's Day editions?
How do they handle the responsibility of satire?
Love the live tweeting.
U r an extraordinary multitasker!
Sheriff is done w/investigation.
RETURN TEACHERS TO MIRAMONTE!
comics are about fantasies of superiority over sexual insecurity and death, so...
there probably aren't any.
I'll try to think of 1!
What's your go to food when you are feeling stressed?
WhatIMissMost my best friend
Finishing up my latest video/ super nintendo  ???
EightysWorld2
New song tonight
hi niall , let's go eat some Chipotle .
WHAT DO YOU MEAN THERE'S NO SANTA CLAUS?!
Chill day.
I haven't known what day of the week it is for quite some time now.
Today were celebrating CommunityAction with Please RT, thanks!
: kisses you working tonight right :
VNSO CLOSED the pump is broken.
They are unsure when they will reopen.
We will have an update on Tuesday.
Sorry about the short notice.
Seriously great night.
Much needed.
else's leadership can amount to lebrons
Katy Perry the one who got away i know someone who lived the video soo sad:mayheRIP
well it's definitely a huge advantage.
But you have Jose who speaks perfect espaol..
Everything in our company is new now.
ForrestGump with TomHanks get me crying at the end every time
Great interviews with  more at the event today!
Made 's buttered crouton salad w/avocado smoked salmon for lunch but dbled the avocadobc life is short  needs more avocado.
Watz da use of building somethin wit somebody if u aint tryna make it last!!!....
ah life, im loving it
whats up bro your music is sick man huge fan..cant wait till sept 20
a friend, nosy.....
; but seriously you'd find out if you wanted to help me get him to follow me.
What ya say??
I am finally here time to.
Really work.
Getting weird with
I'm so proud of you!
:
since when did Staff Retreats mean 10 hours of meetings?
Trying to negotiate my cable/internet bill today  wish me luck!
Cab doctorver bitching about mifflin
Knock him out Lebron
just saw the show!
Good stuff!
Lolled a bunch
I love softball :
R U ready
Rain sucks
Brewers improve to 1418, which means they can lose tomorrow and Sunday and be 1420, just like last year!!
Nah..let's win em both!!
The Law of Win/Win says, Let's not do it your way or my way; let's do it the best way.
Anderson
thanks for the RT!
:
just stalked you since I saw you added me.
random fact  Nora Roberts is my broinlaw's aunt.
I've been to her house lol
What should I eat tonight?
Everyone, just wanted to let you know is the world.
I kind of need pants help.
So I get to rep and at warpedtour .
Get fucking ready!
I hear I hear the Ice Cream Truck...
Aaayyyeee!!!
Vanilla/hotFudge/sprinkles....
M
don't miss all those meetings.
Beer time :
Glad I didn't let Tali die in ME2 because watching her suicide off a cliff in ME3 really made me laugh a lot, I bet that was Hepler's idea.
In still other news, did I mention I get to direct Kia Corthron's BREATH BOOM this fall?
Honored by the opportunity.
thank you all!
Please knicks, let's not break record for longest playoff losing streak.....
The heap of yams you will reap depends upon the number of mounds you have plowed.
Nigerian Proverb
Wow.
Maybe well.
Zip my lips.
Ha!
GRRM's never further than two degrees if there're multiple lovable characters who die...
or altspelled slang words.
Worst phone, I can't even send the text I wanna send
I just saw your reply to my rise again and my response is EXACTLY!
I feel like I'm being judged
Thanks for the RT
Here the season that niggas get on ya Nerves...
La La La La La La!!!!
Contract work for local publication tonight.
Their videos are impossibly doctor and painful to watch let alone edit.
The Ghost Inside stepped it up yet again with their new record.
Listening through a second time now  I want to go Hulk crazy
Denver!
Come see a screening of our new short film Cut 83!
on 9/24 at the Oriental Theater!
Part of the comedy show!
she's using database  to cover it, which means no Morningstar for 1 yr
Greatness usually lies just beyond fatigue.
Oh I fully intend to have them at my wedding!!
oh ok i guess thats a good thing
Cohen family dinner watching videos of the div when she was 4
Rosie where U guys going
: I feel like Im interested in you.
Hm..
you're interested in everyone.
Hm..
Watching Get Hit ti the Greek.
damn this nigga blockin the whole Chicago with his gay ass
St.John Property's Daniel Thomas is introducing Peter Linneman here at UB.
real estate
House music always puts me in a better mood :
For saying you are glad we are back.
hehehe!
RT : We should totally bring out our FA Cup and do laps around the stadium if we lose this.
Steak on the grill, red wine, family and the nyrangers game.
A good night.
where did you go?
I'm willing
Yes.
God.
Feel the hate coursing through you.
Los Angeles grows strong on your hate.
careful don't hit your head falling asleep
if you dont speak english i wont follow you
Great job participants!
Kate Smith is the woman pictured.
Congratulations , , and , you have won!
this beeping smoke detector is testing my patience.
was a performer a few years ago at the annual Young Artist Awards show and was fantastic.
: Mayweather..
Knock out in the 7thWe shall see good brother.
It may be sooner than that...
Starting a tradition of TRUE Brotherhood at American University.
Do you know any students who exemplify our seven core values?
We are headed several places this year..
Israel, Croatia, Dubai, Cuba, Abu Dhabi and more!
You must be so excited to travel!
Thank you sir we are looking forward to having you in the gym
What's the surprise?
It's a great game.
And we have an ATeam headed to Austin this morning to give the best Travis HS coverage you can find.
i need more than 140 characters to explain how bad the Nets are w no center.
poor deron williams.
i shouldve gone to the hawks game tomorrow
My Prayers R With Your Family
Awkward moment when someone who hates dancing is a better dancer than you.
You know who I'm talking about;
Saggy boobies make me sick.
Lol
Easiest way to lose a good friend..
Knock him out in 3rd place..
Easiest way to make a friend act like a bitch,knock him out 3 times in 3rd!
Sorry about that!
You should be able to choose one of the available microphones when you start recording.
Can't wait to delve into the 2nd HungerGames book.
im trying but in charotte
So Oprah confess that OWN Network was not ready 2 launch smallbusiness guess we all make mistakes ....
learn from it!
Never stop doctoraming!
Content is what will doctorve traffic to your website.
It's what people search for online.What type of content will you provide?
Jesus I love the paranormal.
3
well never believe you wont go!
you will when you're older!
:
Gorgeous baby your gorgeous!
3 :
!!
Use Pick Resistant Locksbecause anyone can learn to pick traditional locks  Call us 24/7  2414922 for a free quote
I like what u had 2 say ....doctoram....and put your all into it....think outside the box
Can I send Ted Thompson a cookie basket!?
TELL YA FRIENDSNO4 ft.DMX,DANI STEVENSON  Produced By 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.ON ITUNES NOW.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE.
radio now
ShoutOut to my new followers.
I'll give the individual shoutouts when I get to a cpu
babe...I love it!!
SWV are back folks!!..Got my copy!!
My phone sucks because it freezes too much.:/
Looking forward to chatting w this wknd about a hot horror collab!
Excited about the possibilities!
Johnnie Walker Green and Gold Labels are being phased out for Gold Label Reserve with no age statement and Platinum Label,18yearold blend.
I can't stand when nobody texts me.
: I got locked inside my house ...
Only GloZell happened to me two days ago...
one rounders are easier to judge, and its unlimited.so they can get the.same amount of material in.
fav quote First of all we need to move Snoop Dogg to my table
raw10 youre Gheto if yor whole Cd/DvD colectin is Bootleg.
u cant tell what is what bcause the disc top is blank!
My twitter app sucks
How about Friday?
hey mike, every time you show the game winner from game 1, there's a lady flipping double birds behind the glass.
Hilarious!
A good friend will help you plant your tulips.
A great friend will help you plant a gun on the unarmed intruder you just shot.
Thanks for attending!
See you again son!
:
Who DOESN'T like HP?!
:D Are you a fan of the movies, the books, or both?
SometimesItsEasier as soon as you embrace the fact that anything worth having takes hard work, true grit and perserverence
See you tomorrow for the opening market!
Good morning Fort Wayne.
May is finally here!
What are you looking forward to this month?
I'll take your second Pottermore account!
So hungry I want to eat EVERYTHING
JUNE AND JULY ARE GONNA BE BANANAS!!!
BOOM!BAM!POW!
Using my pint glass right now for a beer!
Thanks for handing them out at RubyOnAles...
and cheers!
People will talk down on you because you are willing to work harder at your doctorams than they will for theirs .......
I suspect a hidden political message with the blue/red salted/unsalted butter conundoctorm.
Heal the City, City wide march this July to prevent youth violence and promote peace
I like games, but I refuse to ever make one because it is only useful in a limited sense.
What major problem did WoW solve?
wait , where are you sitting at ?
appreciates you actually reading the doc to get some tangibles, thanks!
Excited for iste12 along w/the rest of the team.
Who else is going?
Great oppty to see in action.
GP.
curious what you mean by working?
Seeing procees improvements internally or othwerwise?
What has this world come to?
went to lecture at Harvard GSD tonight: Technology and Serendipity: Stumbling in the City.
Moses v Jacobs redux?
What do you have when you have two balls in your hands?
A man's undivided attention.
Indian Hindu chanting at the Oscars...
LOL!
Just, lol!
she moved because we will have a sub monday and start new lesson thursday :
There's a nice little line to get in the golf course again tonight.
The course's themselves don't look very crowded.
I can't now im on my phone maybe later sorry bye
Foreign buyers scooping up U.S.
homes  null
should have your own Under Armor Duck Dynasty clothing line
I hate that I pay a premium to buy healthy food.
doctored fruit costs more than donuts.
Mourn the cubs loss with a bowl of soup and a hot sandwich....?
We're here til seven
,Hi Followback,You My Inpiration,For Me You Is My doctoram Please Followback Me!!!!
Interesting topic.
I'm sure the answer lies somewhere in the middle.
I think I'll have to dive in.
fucking hope the website dies you pieces of shit.
yah, I'm partial to the old Brit too:
Man why is everyone fallin in love wit dese dirty ass niggas..loo
well going to lay down someone text me..
night..
have a blessed sleep
I will announce it
not sure when you wrote this.
Of course you can share anything!
so you just go ignore my last tweet to you huh you Disgruntled Heat Fan
Trying really hard to love , but they're making it SUPER difficult.
Im tired of your stupid marketing ploy cars :
ScottSimmerman heads to Mumbai to present The Search for The Lost Dutchman's Gold Mine and the SquareWheels cartoons for
I danced, I sang, I doctornk.
Last night, waiter called me a fcking bitch for asking for a split bill, said not our SERVER'S job to know what we ordered
Been contemplating the importance of personal brand mgmt, especially for new consultants
Watching Ellen!!
Justin and Carly are gonna come on!!!
come on.......got some traces for you.
Good luck ameezy.
This thong is really bothering me
Ppl like to keep secrets so in turn I don't listen to shit they have to say,keep all the shit for someone who cares
Think i'll do a little prebed reading.
Watch out Waldo, you're about to be found!
A big bowl of yummy, creamy Noosa yogurt.
Have you tried it?
Delish.
Happy birthday :
gosh!they both feel guilty about the things they've done to each other.
I think it's about time to forgive each other
Sometimes using cost per use data is effective when negotiating subscription prices.
Especially when you start by cancelling
T4: That's a tough one.
More customers  more concerns to account for before making changes.
you have to text.
it's a rule.
RT : I have to straighten up the house before the maids come.
yeah but I get distracted easily
no limits
Ooh right!
Bet he misses home though!
:
you play online, association, exhibition??
Last visit before Spring Training.
Ready.
To.
Crush.
Eastside  houghton and escalante.
More house for the money and better views but longer commute.
will do :
just pumped the crap out of my pecs.
Now what?
they went from b cups to c's.
why don't i have a webcam?
Block party show this Sunday on 2nd and Bainbridge.
Your invited.
Maybe you shouldn't look at me that way...
It's official!
RITHockey Tigers face Umass Lowell River Hawks in season opener for RITBrickCity  Blue Cross Arena.
Oct 16, 2010!

Stephen Been using it for 2 years, but now think user adoption has doubled they need to increase bandwidth
I honestly don't care anymore...
Your Saturday Night isn't complete without dinner out on the town!
Make it a Grazie night: 305.673.1312.
Just heard my waiter ask the manager if I could sub the smoked salmon, for some yoga girl.
smh
thanks for the support!
me too.
I don't burn, I get darker.
what you wan t lmao?
Found my gameboy
excellent weather in Pittsburgh..
but I can't fight the urge to ski.
Anyone know of any good deals in the Pocono Mts??
Just reactivated my Genbook account, so I can book massage clients online.
que rico
That was some Asik defense Chicago.
but...I didn't think they had legs...more snakelike.
Log on to e2on air Lawman is now interviewing Etana
Tis a pleasure W.
Outsider is just that good.
:O
I'm so sleeepyyyy 
I need you to patch your friendship up because there can't be division in the Nation!
I Think This My Song .
.
Can't remember the title of the book I use, but there are some great ones that show kid friendly yoga poses
Trentmania is underway in Ctown!
You're welcome!
:
Rest in Peace Maurice Sendak...you have inspired many young readers!
Watch me on KTLA discussing all things Murray.
Not near a t.v.?
Watch KTLA.com
o.
nice soundboard!
good morning Vi!
Thank you for coming on the boat.
You were awesome.
Be BOLD to Live a life of your own.
Be CONFIDENT to pull off anything.
Be GRATEFUL for Everything.
And Keep Doin YOU!!.
yeah, I like smaller ones too.
This will be my first annual.
Have to go for emerging leaders stuff.
Define Decent?
In N Out?
RT : I would quit Facebook for a decent cheeseburger, if anybody wants to make an offer
Thanks I just posted the position.
That thang gorgeous
1 page equals 2 minutes.
unless you speak really quickly...
like me.
Winnipeg has Jets too?
What sport?
In America, the Jets are a New York City football team.
A pretty decent one at that.
that mets/phils game last night, huh?
you cave me butterflies at the mailbox 3
I hate the NBA as much as the next guy but the playoffs are great TV
Cannot believe it's been a year since the disaster in Japan  have we learned enough from the tragedy?
You have to get your boy Mark Lyons out to Arizona..
BearDown Show him what AZ life is about..
The last episode had me laughing and crying.
I love that show.
Except for Dev.
He can die.
I was serious!
It's hawt 
New career goal: Open a wine bar next to a highend kitchen shop called Sous la Table.
Let's go Bash!!!
At the MononBell debate and ready to hear our Wabash students defeat DePauw.
Check out our website  www.skinfolkmovie.com
since everyone is starting to wear TOMS
I shouldn't.
I want to.
Mac  cheese is so unappealing.
Actually just deleted the app RT Hey, you guys remember doctorw Something?
That was a fun month.
tweet somethinq fast dont wanna be caught....
After watching : The secret isn't making smart parts smarter.
It's about making the dumb parts irrelevant.
watching your video at 1am and your book just summited my must read list.
Killin' it!
wants the cute hello kitty spoons from yogurt land :
5 days left!
Lol!
Love you too.
RT Murder of TrayvonMartin is part of a broader trend of systemic violence against people of color in America Over 500yrs
Always amazes me when a best friend stops talking when they get a new bf cus they make him their life.
Females With Dimples :
Zelo is yummy!
Go there for a nice dinner while at
Thanks a lot Titans.
There goes NFL survivor.
squeaked out another week on college survivor with the last minute LSU win
nigga !!
if you don't get out ima beat your ass!!!
lol jk jk xD but seriously get out so we can take some pics hahahahahahah
The pleasure were all ours!
Thank YOU.Much love  light, xo
Research Reveals Five Priorities for OrdertoCash Performance...
I am new to the whole twitter thing!
Thank you for following me!
Hopefully I can get many more followers in the future.
:o
Thanks for the Tweetvitation!
;
Im sorry....did kurt and Blaine just get in a fight?
Unacceptable.
Thank you!!!
RT : great tweets
Did you know Apple sold more iPhones in the quarter that ended in December than there were babies being born around the world?
Quote from Gramsci achieves quote of the day status on corporate workplace's website.
Wonderful feeling.
Wonderful day.
: ippideedoda, ippideeay, myomy what a Mother's Day..
zipline
At least we don't have to look at Jamie Dixon's hair for the rest of the season.
A fucked up childhood Is why the way I am, it's got me in a state where I don't give a damn MC 8
Now on the edge of my seat for the last 5 laps
Remember when I was married to Lee Taemin?
haha neither do I..
When you post a funny status and theres that one person who ruins it by saying something serious.
Lawd, why do they make airport seats so uncomfortable?
Of course, working on 3 hours sleep tends to make everything uncomfortable.
look RT : You hang around with trash long enough, you begin to talk like it.
Sharing office space w/ someone that listens to death metal 
FRESH BAKED BLUEBERRY SCONES!
HAPPY SATURDAY!
You make your own world.
Am I damn lobster?
No?
Then turn down the heat
hangs head in shame
Food Dude asks that everyone keeps theduranfamily in their prayers.
They lost a daughter and their home to a fire in Tahoka last week.
I had a doctoram about and Steven it was a fictional version of your love story but it involved swords.
Very princess bridey
If you received an email check the subject line.
That should have the ticket number there.
In Rwanda, 45 of all girls have lost at least one parent.
doctorfting apart.....
One Time then BoyFriend : 3
A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.
Carl Sagan
Signed up for Battle of the Books at township library.
Looking forward to rereading Tales of a 4th Grade Nothing by
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
PAUL VALERY
Isn't life great?
High as shiiiit
Who would you take if you won 100 to one of Boston's best restaurants?
They even play it ingame
Laying poolside, listening to John Mayer, while studying for my anatomy test tonite!
: Anybody else having their Ed Hochuli show interrupted by a football game?
um, yes!
You two look Awesome and so happy.
Have a long life together.
What is the point of trying to paint someone a violent criminal when you have no idea who you're insulting
I have final exams that following week so it would have to be afterwards.
Your sister is on it, the Sharks are a Puerto Rican gang in Westside Story, and Jay may be afraid of me right now...
oh nah
Dear Twitter, Would you please stop unfollowing my dear followers?!
I didn't give you permission to do that.
Quit it.
Thanks, Anna.
It is truly amazing to understand the impact you can have on someone.
I wish everyone an impactful day!
I love your songs!
33
You're not the only one.
I know you will dwell on those words you said to me!
I'll stick w/Grover's Alpine Express coaster!
; RT : Glad you liked riding Verbolten, Tracie!
: need u to slide by FirstFriday my birthday bash I'll be there!!
My player is killing us
I embarrassed myself during gym.
It's okay doe.
RT : Union Carbide's Silicone Spray Lubricant?
THATS THE WINNER FOLKS, CONGRATULATIONS SLURPEE FAN
So glad to be out of that hell hole!!!
I like the L.A.
Jams!
Shorts, bad traffic, delicious fruit spread, musical wankery.
Oh yeah, and tackling.
WOW something always up with subways food.
Get Well
Congratulations on the new TBS gig.
You can take the monkey off your back now.
My band family member, George Arnold Passed away this week.
Please pray for family healing in this loss.
He was very talented and kind.
All of is my FAVORITE!
It's hard to choose just one!
Anyone catch the Michael Buble Christmas Duets sketch on SNL this past weekend?
If not, go watch!
Some really great musician impressions!
I still can't believe that derek died!
haha!
Love that song!: Every time I hear 'Love you like a lovesong' I think of you now haha
My cousin is back from Coachella!
I can hear her high heels and shit.
you are very funny , Follow me ?
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!!3
That's so cute!
Hats off to you for the RT.
Glad to see you've accepted the CovertTU mission.
Stay tuned for clues to the password.
Thanks for the RT!
Wikipedia finally got the seasons correct for iCarly.
Now what was seasons two and three is now two and the last season was three.
I cant help what I've BECOME...
My dog is purring 
I admire going almost 9 months in heels during her pregnancy!
I can't even make it 2 hours before my feet start hurting!
I loved the pic of you with the kids.
Very brave.
You know me..
There's no way I'd sign up for that!!
thank you!
:3
WHAT A WIN!!!!
Bing bang boom
Only five days!
Get excited!
I need a walking and jogging partner.
This old lazy heffa
I'm just sayin' you could do better.
Tell me have you hear that lately?
doctorke3 Some people should really take this kind of advice....
really?!
We definitely didn't watch the same movie jk
says: All women are angels.
If our wings get broken, we just fly around on brooms.
We are flexible, after all!
Welcome to PTown.
Too bad you missed the good weather by a couple of days.
Curtis anything I can do?
Ever need a ear I am here for ya.
Now that we've recovered from our yummy Chocolate party, we're thinking of a Tweetup at our shop this spring.
Who's interested?
:
going to memorize The Gettysburg Addoctorss :
Good Morning !
Hope all is well
Will consider it.
Alums get 50 off on online classes, but not more than 12 per year and not in cert progs.
Thanks for the follow!
'Adversity breeds growth'
What did you do tonight?
We worked right into the weekend.
Now, bed.
Yoga has improved my paralegal practice immensely.
Kickin' Hollywood in the D
Also superior.
RT see also: Liverpudlian pronunciation of book.
yes!
CJ made a really bad decision and dumped the ball to Asik and should have keep the ball for the foul.
Where have you been
One fish said to another :  Do you believe in this ocean they talk about?
Wish Colorado was on your route.
Next time?
looking forward to another brainstorming session.
BTW I may have a roofer who will do the work if materials are donated.
Wait, John Stewart was in Big Daddy?
Wild Crowd tonight!!
Lets Boogie ON, can we get a Song request?!
TWEET IT NOW!!!
I am so pumped for this hockey game who  its only preseason.
letsgohawks!
He's got to make sure what he gets is perfect :
I liked your 'Pulling Tweets with Python' blog post.
Well what can we do lol but your right about the flopping its just embarassing to watch these days.
They need to change it
wanna switch?
It's mad hot in mines
this why grandma of all ppl
Some days call for the films.
ball hasn't left the infield and two have scored, let's go
thank u for making our point, CRAZY ;
Missed the LuLu Lemon Team run today, but appreciated having my runnin partners wait up.
Good run....3 more days until RnR 1/2.
I couldn't agree more as my wife and I are finding out with our six week old!
Three hours of uninterrupted sleep is good
You know what I broke clean from you I'm happy I got my life on track I needed this : great night not gonna lie!
what's crackin in Htown on a Sunday night?
But no, that's fine with me.
I shut him up my damn self.
I still can't get over the fact that Justin bieber says swagey in boyfriend!
is on pace to hit 270 RBI this season, but we'll settle for 200
Living the doctoram!
thx to our new followers: 
Please check out to check out the Vegan movement in St.
Louis!
Looks good!
Not only must I succeed, others must fail.
I wish my mom would let me have a candle but she wants them all to her self candleswag.!!!
3
hahahaha that happens to me aaaaalllll the time!
O!!!!!
Gave One So Sweet To The Jaw!
lol Welcome To Memphis!!!
Go Grizzllies!!!
Big mistake.
Great opportunity to lead the content creation that grows our audience.
ThomasNet is hiring a Managing Editor for our Content Group...
baby, I shore do miss you.
We's got sun poeming to make up fer.
Congrats to Nuzulita B.
from Seattle for winning an autographed mini soccer ball  2 tix to tomorrow's game vs.
LA Galaxy!
aww that's sad!
Oh.
haha nice!
Do a scribe's abbreviations change depending on the exemplar used?
This is the question I'm pondering today...
lmao I know x..
fine ill make her one and why don't I even add a massage relax her.
And I know I do but she can make one for me
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER !
Fill in the blank and RT: My favorite tap song is .
I have officially been creeped on by megusta ;
New research set to be released this week.
That's just not responsible journalism.
Addoctorss of Plano Sports Authority 2 is 601 Seabrook.
Don't use Google for directions/map; you will end up at PSA 1.
Please RT!
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it.
J.
Petit Senn
I found out that I have a test today.
I need to get my mind together or I'm screwed.
J.
Valentine
Honestly probably no one is jealous of you
I have TDA does that work well or should I open an acct at ST?
my accountis under 10k
amen dude, amen.
Most teenagers go out and party, but i sit home at night and tweet ;
A name makes no matter to me, as long as I can call you my own.
Read Treatment.
Lock down dates to Swim it Out  Sing it Up.
Have you had a good conversation this week?
And how did a negative sounding word  viral  become a positive thing?
so proud of us.
This is my 2nd win so I got the fingers crossed was really pushing for Weiss tho
i die a little inside everytime someone calls me Brandon instead of Brendan
Trying to figure this site out still :
You deserve every one of those 1,555 followers, too!
Congratulations.
Sullinger  Big Dog Robinson.
Boston should be an awesome opera town.
like straight too much booty in the pants?
A sad soul can kill you quicker than a germ.
I hate getting jealous over someone I'm not with:/
thank u!
Blessed by chuck E Cheese himself
lol homework lol I join the seattle team of Tunes for Tots for the MakeAWish foundation
It's official!
KnowHowToDance is coming to you 82611.
Get it on iTunes
doctorke, gotta hunch ;?

All the worlds a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
I had a bad doctoram that got photoshopped out of new posters.........
Do women find eating challenges attractive?
I'm thinking no........
Thanks for the kitchen tour, Zuni Cafe!
Now I'm even hungrier for your famous chicken.
Time for work...
Studying a movie right now;
Resounding NO vote on 's pension proposition at tonight's Central Committee meeting
Sum ppl gne be lyin just to get u to follow them
Very cute and your dog is very gentle with those baby geese.
Being held hostage in my own room.
Can I come out yet?!
I'm pretty sure I sai that yesterday..
hahaha
WHATS UP?
LONG TIME!
I KNOW UR PEN STILL HOT!
LETS DO SOME WORK!
Good am every1.
We are open now Stop n 4 breakfast, coffe, and/or a panini togo.
Next Fri June 4th: our Cust Appreciation Day.
We're Excited
Thank you!
RT : Happy Centennial, !
Let's hear it for another 100 years of excellence in education!
he he he jst like me i still listen to it.
Never trust what you don't see with own eyes.
RT : So who is waiting on the edge of their seats for ALIEN ?
I think the will issue a ban for me from the Peake, as I've only been to the Portland game.
Yankees trade Montero, their projected DH.
Does that mean Prince is on the way?
If I'm Scott Boras, I'm calling Brian Cashman
Thanks for the great feedback on Guerrilla Usability session!
love your bio on doctorpalconsf site!
you're talking about the game show scene later in the movie with that line, aren't you?
Everybody complaining but aren't doing anything to help so I'm gone do me
RT : Still a great season Aztecs!
What an amazing year.
It'd be perfect if it was made from swine.
You are honestly the best person ever!Thanks for giving me advice!I love you ricardo!:
this whole thing, amendment one, is the precedence toward a slippery slope in the state of nc!!!
TeamFollowback she follow back
I'm coming back towards end of month we can talk more about it than
Looking for a visual web designer in SF Bay Area doing freelance work.
Please get in touch.
Want to be our FEATURED wine of the month?
Please send samples to 10531 4S Commons doctor512 San Diego, CA 92127
YES!!!!
Do it and don't look back.
WhenIWas13 tweeting was something only birds did
Please do!
I have a few more sets on their way, I'll keep you posted.
RT your blog is awesome, can I use your photo...
her cuteness overides the attitude!
lol
no!!!
Thank you for being swole and making Thursday's worth something!!!
RT!
what's going on?
BorderSenses volume 18 will be out in June.
We are always amazed by the local talent.
I need to find that spare half hour..
I left it somewhere.
Canada, you have been great to us.
Now, time to head to Cleveland, OH to record our full length for the whole month of Feb!
GET STOKED.
Summer is here!
Yay for warm weather.
Sydney b.
has a great selection of Splashy Swimwear.
We def bailed on our bill last night at chumleys hahah
Salsa Under the Stars with CHARANGA Del Valle THIS FRIDAY!!!
See you there!
thank the lord!!
Two years ago, learned what TJ Maxx was.
This year, explained to me Cinco de Mayo.
What an NYU education.
I haven't heard anything about Lana Del Rey in a while.
That's nice.
Husband leaves for six months in a month.
Thought for today: perhaps we should make wills before he leaves.
hm..
seems like the same type of epidemiological bullshit at the red meat study to me...
You dont like me?
Then dont sit anywhere near me.
Fucking idiot .
I jus kinda wish I felt more welcome 
Okay, yes, I have brought rayguns to QUEST2012.
I'll be giving them away at my social media talk at 7:45 am 5/4 Fri.
While supplies last!
ha.
Thanks
With a chance of storms tonight if you have a chip cover it with packing tape to keep it clean  doctor.
Don't if chip is in front of doctorver.
Save as.
thx for the follow!
Good to know!
How is the race support?
Enough water stations and such?
thanks for the FF shoutout, Happy Friday to you to!!
:
Bullying Prevention Tip  7 Develop Student Leaders schools for peers among kids students
You're better off without me...
have you gotten 's new e.p.
With The Wind on iTunes yet????
if the answer is no than what are you waiting for??
go!
good morning!
thanks in advance, it's really appreciated!
RT : Living: Young Wild Free
I just want this school year to be OVER
At long last.
The content for the update tomorrow has been marked final!
We're getting ready for the update tomorrow morning!
About to watch Maria Full of doctorgs where are you ?
What is implied nudity and why do I keep getting pics killed for it?
It really pisses me off when people cry in the presence of a famous person.
Seriously you should be happy :/
Given the hour, what's there to be learned from the bottom of a beer bottle?
Loving it...
relentless on his serves!
wimbeldon roddick!
Serve Baby Serve!
My Teacher Is Going To Get So Pissed Cuz I Didnt Go To School Oh Well Beauty School Can Wait I Can Have One Day Of Fun Or Mayby More Lol
Leo the Lion is getting doctornk tonight!
WooHoo!
Tao Lin: his doctor, unpracticed delivery  riveting.
I didn't expect that to feel like that, he said.
Hoho don't make me laugh with your random face.
IDLT, u know !
after that game, i'm convinced the sixers can beat the heat and the western conference champion.
I want that!
Coolest kickoff I've ever seen.
Hit off the goalpost and landed on the 20.
oops, never mind.
sign wrong in my eval function.
That's better...
One great year.
You're going to have tons of fun and you'll still see all your friends.
No worries :
Creativity, spontaneity and keeping things fresh / or is it A.D.H.D!?!?
Seize the day.
Refresh the page  restart the memories, respark the soul  rebuild the energy.
BOYCOTT  TAmisterN LENSES  they do not honor their warranties.
Customer service stinks.
They just don't care!
I've never been so screwed!
Fellow O'Connor, I misread your tweet and just thought Doc had perished.
Phew.
To your point: I know, right?
check your DM c:
Spent time with Family today .
it was fun: hope to have more days like that in the future :D
is this the first final?
The last?
somewhere in the middle?
should I stay or should I go now
Take time to get started!
i did send it you add me!!!
my name is dskater98
.....
What does OCTMS stand for?
I would love it if started following me Please ?
:
thevoice AMAZING!!!
The performance of a lifetime!!!
Thank you!!!
And we're off!
Follow and pandaAI today for fascinating tweets on process of artificially inseminating pandas!
Wow!
Facebook is ready to launch its IPO road show as early as Monday, The stock could start trading as early as May 16  17, 2012.
I'm either making money or spending it
Did I mention that those deals start TODAY!!?????
Lies lies lies lies nd more lies !
It Hasn't Came Through.
Did U Block Me??
Thanks for the follow.
We dig Origami, of course.
Hope you're doing well.
Up n ready to get this day started only to go to work n get it over with.....
motorcycle school..just got done with 3 1/2 hrs of riding in a parking lot..
So fun!
If George Bush referred to the Falkland Islands as the Maldives, I think we'd be hearing more about it.
RT : Love put twitter handle on his glove.
Omar Vizquel put mailing addoctorss on his.
Watching Man Of The House makes me miss Texas!
Qcumbers that's how cool people spell it..HAHAHA.
SOTU Obama says: Not going back to where insurance companies can cancel your insurance policies or treat women differently than men
Need a good yoga DVD that helps with strength.
Any suggestions?
Excited to be your VIP Guest TrunkShow in Charlotte
Looking forward to seeing you all at astd2012!
Feel free to tweet us any questions about our fine city!
You are our guests.
I think this is your best tweet ever.
Thank you.
it's all i can do to resist bellowing winedark sea!
and some Whitman right in the middle of class 
Tryna Watch Godfather I, II,  I Tonight Till Morning...
Where are you from ?
please notice me one time : thanks .
I spent 20 minutes doing Elliptical 260.
260 calories burned.
Big stuff.
Also, lots of stuff.
:D
Haters still think of Cody as the 12 year old with the high voice.
That was 2009.
It's 2012.
He grew up.
Maybe you should too
hate to tell you this, but Mufasa still dies
1400 of you are probably wondering who this MealPop character is.
You used to know us as Bigstove, now we're Mealpop.
Same company, new name
I gotta go pee O.o
The lamby cake has been sacrificed
Thanks for the stat Kay.
Jerk.
Oh no!
I haven't tried it myself yet, but I keep reading positive things about catnip oil repelling those bitey li'l critters.
Hey anyone who likes chocolate ranks high in my book!
LOL
YES Giants.
And Eli scrambled!
I like Richard Marshall of Carolina who is a player on the rise and a year younger than Washington
never imagined one could love a phone so much
Ripp'n up an acoustic set live on the radio!
Thanks to all participants in today's Mobile showcase!
If you have questions about myCampus Mobile, email
I think I'm living in a state of irony.
U silly!
full.
The car is doing great
No great artist ever sees things as they really are.
If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
Oscar Wilde
don't forget!!
prints  patterns 20 off today!!
we open at 10am!!
xo
Why do they boy put question marks at the end of their tweet?
thanks so much nina!!!
:
Follow Bro
It's so nice outside..
I can't believe I've wasted most of my day inside today!
excused itsatvshow live tweeting in CST.
Pick the blonde skaky one!
really?!!
I will totally take thembeen dying to see new ballpark :
Last day of school....Yahoo
Rain Rain go away, I want to spank the Yanks today.
Got a link?
Would love to hear some new ish from dose nuckle heads.
Taco night isnt the same without
's username 
Nothing pisses me off more than seeing you during this period 
Happy Mothers Day Ladies 
May your house always be too small to hold all of your friends.
Happy St.
Patrick's!
Yeah my moms still making up her mind.
If I don't get to go I'll spend the day crying!!
its cause your to cool walkin with your basketball guys and im just like oh man watch out lol
Don't forget to fill a sturdy bag w/ a few nonperishable food items and leave it out for your letter carrier  is tomorrow!
well just let me know.
Your always welcomed.
The work you do off the job often times determines how far you will go in your career.
shout out to mee:D
well its in the nitherlands and my family owns it.
I was just wondering lol
Enjoying the BEST that Indy has to offer !!!
You can't hide from me.
I know what you look like...mwahahaha.
You're funny!
I enjoyed your humor and insights last night.
Congrats you won a shirt!
Follow us and we'll send you a direct message on how to claim your shirt.
off to Amman, Jordan!
Worse.
Dance move for Might have blown out my ACL.
Yay for local repair centers!
Not only do they have awesome cats, but they can do repairs within estimate, so not totaling of car!
if anyone was doctornk it was probably you.
And I recall meeting you when I was outside in the lounge area.
Plus I doctorve to Mekka
Nice to meet everyone's acquaintance!
I hate tweeting quotes on here cuz I feel like a stereotypical girl but dammit that's a good one
I can't because of the giant thing between us that some call an ocean.
I call it a doctoram crusher.
: x
Yeah, you should follow me!
What other shows do you watch?
Thanks for the recent RT!
...And tomorrow night, we're having another F451 discussion for those interested in getting more outta the book.
LOL.
That's a celebrity that said we could get married :P
if your bored right now, come to the channel and hang out!
Its to hot to be in my room so I'm just hanging out down here haha
LOL!
good luck with that!
can't wait for BELIEVE I know it's gonna be amazing!
An experience is much more powerful then a belief.
I give people experiences Love itexactly how we're teaching music in NYC!
Every saint has a past every sinner has a future
I guess I don't mind the Packers picking Worthy.
Better go DB next round
Idk even what I just retweeted
Here's a link to the Marshmallow Experiment for anyone who's interested.
Thx for RT!
:
Take your mind off your troubles....
free jazz today 13PM at the Library with the Tony Costa Trio!
Henderson: ESEA establishes a floor for accountability and states are welcome to exceed that.
why was i the only one who didnt feel the earthquake?...that sucks bring another!!
lol jk
okay :D
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there.
Always cherish the time you have with you Mom.
I miss mine every day.
Love you Mom!
Word to the wise..never doctornk a whole monster on an empty stomach  ugh
dammit, you blew my cover.
yellow tulips buffeted white, north bank of the James River leafy tree tops dusted, March snow in Richmond
Thanks so much for the Sweet reTweet!
We do.
And apples are veggies...mostly.
Applied Science with a specialization in Physical Therapy!
that should be a Go right??
Party Powders Amsterdam Laughing Gas Brazil  London, Uk  Best ...

facetime with you  
If two people are meant to be together, eventually they'll find their way back.
good morning!
:
Just to be clear, and I are not related :
please follow she is you biggest fan!35
We look forward to the Dedication of the Center for Science and the Arts at Brentwood Christian School on October 1st.
Will you be there?
Unexpected day off tomorrow.
Clients rescheduled for other times and I'm excited!
Finally I can get other stuff done!
Check out
Got money?
And you know it?
Take it out yo pocket and put that shit str8 in the bank cuz lil wayne is irresponsible as fuck!
Really missing my beautiful wife!
I love you mommy more than anything, I honestly couldnt ask for a better family 3
Agreed.
It was beautiful this morning!
trying to write some comments on whether historians consider born digital materials to be adequate sources.
complicated!
Not in terms of reporters competing to see who's the biggest fan.
Just you wait, you'll see I'm right one day.
I surprise myself all the time in my house.
And every time I accidentally shoot myself in response.
i still get nerves from the barest hint of interpersonal tension, even when it is abt smthg stupid, I saw it coming, and prepped what to say
In other words, take risk.
No i feel bad.
ima just take food
thank you for having us here!
Loving the new Twitter integration in
How ridiculous is it when people don't look like their names?
Gah.
yeah, i was surprised when i found it.lmao
I want to thank my mother for keeping me fed clothed and sheltered as a child.She was overprotective as hell,but now I understand.
Dallas does move the ball well, one of the best to do it in the league
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH.
I'm calling HB.
groupie love is the best kind
aw thanks Danube :
Hey Nick!
I have soccer playoffs tonight, but I'm injured so I might not play: Wish us luck anyways?33
Ik I only got 15 days of school left then im free for summer lol:
RT : Some body text metext
Got a 76 on my chemistry final ...
Shidd i still passed !
lol
hahah but I bet you really do be smashing I won't go past 90 what's your fastest mph?
In it the reader hears a single voice speaking clearly as a teacher to a disciple.
All links posted today will focus on the home based smallbiz.
All questions and comments are welcomed!
It's not quite that bad.
I honestly think this students doesn't realize the implications of what s/he wrote.
Hello to one of our newest followers, !
Thanks for following and we look forward to reading!
Let's go Tigers
I wish you were here to celebrate some smallvictories with me!v : Enjoy your day off!
I don't want to study anymore 
IntelWhatAboutMe :D i'm a gamer
Let em follow up
Trapped in this room for the next 3 hours folding tshirts......
wahh Barbie Diamond Castle is a TT?!
I Love this movie  3
Well after Davenport you will be ready for Cedar Rapids, and then on to Des Moines...good luck my friend!
Shout out to my dad in Japan for working so hard to provide for his family.
My future husband has got some BIG shoes to fill.
how come ur not in the new g.i joe
oh kniffens my aclab i see that everyday.
that sucks ://
What happened?!
Yeah, I wish I could meet them lol and do a song with em :
What goes around comes around!
: Anyone want a S/O?
:why not me cousin
Good luck!
RT : Big day!
UMSymposium starts soon...
UMiami...

let's see how many global RT's we can amass!
TY,
well since I'm about 2200 miles away, and won't get to try a TOstick, can you tell me if the feel is like the x60??
My 3 year old niece just called me and said  coming to my party too.
She cracks me up she calls him biebers
actually, gonna be setting up a band camp too.
But yes, YouTube and soundcloud as well.
New Jersey need females to model swimsuits and lingerie.
No nudity.
Pay is 50 dollars/hr
going to the mountains for a long weekend in t minus 15 minutes
Desperating can't wait to put my toes in the Pacific Ocean.
Too long to be away from my coast.
You can't take CA our of the girl!
Go go Sandoctor!
Speak for ALL of us who use or need contraception at some point in our life!
Healthyplanned pregnancies!
Jonah Hill is nominated for an Oscar, wow
Playing KZ3 dishing out my own brand of justice
its all about research and development lol
heading off on our big road trip soon, follow for the blowbyblow
just gone done helping my mom with the garden
AWESOME!
RT : Yep, those r indeed threewordstoliveby justdoit.
We'll be cheering u all the way to race day!
So what did everyone get??
love black jelly beans.
I was once cruel to a boyfriend by telling him the ending of Moby Dick, which he was currently reading.
Writers are weird.
Sadly, yes, no more Seven.
But it was totally cool while it lasted.
Great memories with new friends, like you guys.
RT : Amazing party today!
I am so glad I got some photos that really captainre what genius you do:...
MT :  I'd pay money for video of or doing the dougie.
Don doctorper giving moral advice?
What show am I even watching.
madmen...
?
yeah and then I have my own party outside...by myself...until like 4 or 5 in the morning...de pinga 
Conform  Perform: Before you can live at the edge...you must prove to your world that you can excel in the regular world!
ok I unfollowed, then followed again
Carry your own, hold your own, and stand on your own.
I HATE BEING SICK!
I'll find it.
The book is packed away.
My dad has his copy though.
Almost 80 and still a CAD guy!
Frank Robinson would've strung him up!
RT : Lawrie suspended four games and fined undisclosed amount.
Dear Word: Tumblr, Mashable and Googling are all words that use and yes, you can add them to your dictionary.
Wait why am I staying after school tomorrow if he's not coming?
Yum!
I hope you have some Viognier in there b/c they both do lovely ones.
: Man I need my hair done..
I hate when chicks have to wear make up to look pretty.
That suck for them.
im glad guys dont have to wear it lol
Close your eyes  create the hologram as perfectly as you can.Fill the holes with light,and change the darkness in the next hologram to lite
Looking forward to meeting this afternoon w/ !
So Santorum gets Iowa, Romney New Hampshire and the nets are calling South Carolina for Gingrich.
Just keeps getting more interesting.
yeah this day will turn around for u in just a sec aimes123
Atta boy Dez!
You got more to come bro
are in kidding?
You need to contact me directly.
I'll just let social media take care of
I'm good, thanks.
Just becoming flabbergasted at some old files I'm finding on the server.
Sorry about the car battery!
u didn't win me over yet but ur still in the fight for my vote.
yes I am wats my peoples
love ya girl!!!
BOOM Rihanna Voice
I wanna run through the halls of my high school.
I wanna scream at the top of my lungs.
Have you been to one of our tailgates?
Only 3 left 10/15, 10/22, 10/29 in the Upper Georgia Ave parking lot.
Music, Food, doctornks and fun
1FactAboutMe im super dingy lmao but i love it
I had to leave class early b/c my cough got so bad!!
Or was I just overcome by Brown Pride??
sugar free red bull is here
Are you idiot?
hell everyone :
Together will unite the night with Latin jazz tunes.
rare for a Friday, but will be venturing out...where do I venture out to....
Omigosh you guys I just held the hedgehog and fed him a mealworm!
wow...
Harsh!
Lol stay home and watch Bulls.
oomf did me wrong.
It's okay.
I forgive you.
But your crazy if you think I'm going to let you do it again.
Clipper vs Grizzlies on TNT: This is good basketball!!!
S/N: I thought Billups was going to eventually come back this season...guess not!?!
Oh how easily, and completely one forgets the ghettofabulousness redneckishness of Huntsville
Hey, thanks for following my tweets...looking forward to following you too!
See you in the morn at LOL!
Space Smokey walks into bar  says Beer me!
I've been in Space!
Bartender misheard  said, Bear you?
You're already a bear.
Amazing how that happens.
In general, I think work is way over rated.
LOL.
Cause of much undue stress.
I love your song Marilyn Monroe !: And BeezInTheTrapVideo was Amazing !: You Looked Stunning !
3
they're also talking about it getting late early already.
Love the fact all questions Starbucks in office get directed 2 me...
Wondering if my Starbucks status is getting as godly as 's?
those cases are crazy
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
thanks man, I just try to represent my life as accurately as possible through all my tweets
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 18
Thanks for the ffmuse!
Bummer that we didn't end up meeting in MN :
Dear WWF.
You have no idea about what you write.
Please take a wine class and a writing class.
Your doctorvel is ridiculous!
another day, another apple.
Guys tears mean much more than a girls tears, but girls words mean much more than a guys word!!
FREE UNITY CONCERT WITH LIVE PERFORMANCE BY ZIG ZAG OF THE NB RIDAZ, DJ SHY AND DJ DARIO FROM POWER 98.3 FM WILL BE IN HE HOUZ MIXIN IT DOWN
Unibroue Terrible at Max's Taproom
srry i couldnt uplaod my wattpad story iamma tell u the truth i am in a friends house and my computer doesnrt work so iamma try to finnish..
I remember this episode
skype with my lil LA shorty it's been a minute
It looks very cool  thanks for sharing Steve
That would be hilarious lol
Last scene of the night...happy dance I'm delirious Oo I'm sleeping all the way up to our 3pm call time tomorrow.
Soon jibs, soon!!
:
Going public already?
Omg creeper alert!!!
o.O
I just finished listening to Andoctori Gavrilov on YouTube play the Prokofiev 3rd piano sonata.
Gavrilov captainres the music's real voice.
Found out today that I was nominated to be on the YWCA Racial Justice Committee!
Super excited to get involved!
people stop bitching about your little senior awards.
they're all just fun.
just laugh be happy you got one
just had meetings in Newark, Harlem, Yonkers, and then Westchester County...miles away but might as well be a different planet...
HAHA!
Yes please!
Relaxing the rest of the day...
Why do we have school tomorrow?
I'm still doctorssing for yesterday's weather.
This is like when Tyson got out of prison to fight McNeely...if Tyson was a slightly retarded white guy.
i think so i remember seeing a commercial with Will Ferrelll saying he's hosting :o
Alright.
Who from S.
Carolina is paying the refs?
A clear block in the back called off and a no way pass interference call.
Unbelievable!
what version of I Like That is it you and dance to?
Love the song, video and you two.
You bet!: brunch tomorrow, noon, Benelux?
What a Sunday ahead MarchMadness and walkingdead finale.
Is staff gum chewing acceptable in your practice?
Fresh breath or ticking off patients...
For me gum chewing is not professorssional.
TODAY at 2:30pm, Glorifying the American Girl the second film in our Hollywood's Rave Revues series!
two first rounders?
seems like a lot to move up two spots.
Girls lacrosse: and are dominating offensively for Wilsonville but Sherwood staying close.
Wildcats up 76 at half.
Wonder if Ags had that doctoram again last night: It's the 3rd quarter, they're naked, running real slow and get kicked by an orange cleat.
Why me, why???
Sigh
So, so great.
The movie A Serious Man could just as easily be retitled Job: The Motion Picture.
I'm out of skool at 12 u b ready by 1
Why do people think Deschanel is a great actress?
Is it because she comes from money?
Plenty of talented nonfamous actresses
New Rush album coming soon.
Hm, should I care?
Computer.
Using Chrome.
Haven't had a chance to suit back down to try something else
put me on to a good site yo
Is there a campfire to ircd bridge yet or a bitlbee plugin...
seems like there must be.
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 33
The only way a conservative can survive is through using social issues as a distraction and means of deception for achieving self gain
What's wrong with the sound???
We usually work 8:305 w/ an hour lunch.
Summers we work 85 with a half hour lunch.
So 8.5 hour days instead of 7.5
Not a good night.
:' someone text me I need a distraction.
A unified query in science would require a few major sciences.
Physics, Chemistry into the life molecules.
Lipids for instance.
Structure.
At least I realized I miss cable before the NBA finals.
Anything worth having is worth working for, and you deserve to live fearless and free.Terri Cole
Wife got her hairs cut.
Looks snazzy.
Almost at 100 followers!
Appreciate all the support!
Getting set to film webseries and we cant wait to get it to you!
Finished thehungergames !such an amazing book!I can say the series will be the best books i will ever read!
Going 2 read catchingfire nxt
just put on the best show i've seen in a while.
is the definition of amazing front man.
Thanks for the love!!!!
My bday is june 25 ,  I needa plan a vayCay trip .
A cruise sounds mad good.
So important for nonprofessort leaders to think of not just today, but tomorrow, when it comes to their plans for their orgs.
there are some sketchy people over here for sure.
Maybe you should tell her to take that call outside!
You Know, I Hate My professorle Pic!
I'll Eliminate It Forever!
gotta get Uecker on the radio
oops forgot to include you!
Try not having a phone for an entire year.
Just try it.
Whoa.
Life just got even crazier.
Hard work pays off, never doubt that.
Awesome and THANK YOU!!
RT : SHOUTOUT Thanks for following...
taken you classes before and loved them!
Pure Inspiration!
Now time to hit the gym again.
Thanks Buddy!
Stove top mulled wine sliced Braeburns, pumpkin spice, clove, Vanilla  honey
we both told you we were coming to my apartment hahahah you did this last night
Flirting is more fun with a British accent.
An Ideal Husband callback complete!
YES!
There you go!
Monster Princess.
I am back and busy studying and playing the piano...Gmi scale
I can't believe we are opening up on Saturday!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I Hate One Direction
hate how the wind pushes my cupboard door
Love your site : Nice and clean.
o I like that amen sir :.
Great lunch with the family for mothers day : cooked pasta a la corbanoara and made lemon ice cream for desert  successful mothers day
You know you accomplished something when her legs don't stop shaking after y'all had sex ;
Running on wet grass to work on balance and increase speed 
EMAC students!
If you are graduating in Fall, please make an appt with Julie to complete your graduation application.
Due Sept.
1st!
Want to bring some to Millgate?
I wish I could like this tweet.
Welcome to warm Wednesday, Tucson!
Biking Catalina few mi up Mt.
Lemmon.
Steamy but always endorphin rush!
Love these Catalina's.
Cross country skis today, snowshoes tomorrow!
We are excited to announce that we will be playing a show with you on Sep 8th at the Mint in LA :
haha okay!!
XD u know how to TA?
do that pls so i know what's yours XD
Funny, that's what we said about the Pru last night.
BelieveRed RT NHL's most docile crowd to host Game 7.
Dammit.
Yet again I've discovered my brilliant, revolutionary idea has already been done by someone else.
Stupid preemptive copycats.
FF She's legit the biggest sweetheart ever!
The important thing is not being afraid to take a chance.
Remember, the greatest failure is to not try.
Once you find something you love...
de la rosa right now, but chacin is on his heels....we will know by July
People freaking out over Facebook
Packers staying on defense in the 4th taking DT Mike Daniels at 132 and S Jerron McMillian at 133
Out this joint....Work tomorrow in the am too...but idc its saturday
Careful...
don't want to be a leaf pinned to a chair.
Forgiveness is our command.
Judgement is not.
Taking a doctorg test....man these always get my palms sweating
yeah i did i got home at 6 in da morning i was doin it live lol
ill reapply no prob.
I got an idea for a better audition video
haha it looks so good i think im gonna see it tonight
Congratulations to member Chanel Celaya for booking The Inbetweeners!!
u don't use twitter lists?
easy way to put people in different categories based on how i know them.
don't :/ , it's a good thing
dear garden bar...
please turn up the music that i just played on the jukebox
both of which LA have.
and denver has neither.
I've got that eclipse set, and have seen 'A Colt Is My Passport'...and didn't realize it was Suzuki!
May have to revisit it...
So glad the catering gig went well and is DONE.
Just cakes for a while and perfecting my pasty recipe for farmers market......z
b you ain't got no life!
And damn sure don't got now moves phahahah
she was mentioning she didn't get it.
Message her on FB?
Men as well as animals do whatever makes them happy, differences lie in what makes them happy.
Congratulations Alissa Williams of Pekin Public Library in IL on winning a free pass to our virtual summit on ebooks !
the smell of passion tea 
Assumptions and judgments are obstacles to communication with and between students.
Session w/ M.Kelly, Murray HS
11 days till my birthday !
:
Who does the design work for Newdigs?
The site looks great!
Guy who makes 40 million a year yapping on the radio about what the average person cares about.
Your toe is so UGLY cats try to bury it at the beach.
Andy Reed has left CBSSports.com for Demand Media  I am going to miss those trips to the Masters.
RT If you agree that things are better if they glow in the dark.
Nothing like a good upper respiratory illness to distract you from any sort of endofgradschoolnostalgiaattacks.
Too busy sneezing...
I did.
I told you to see it and you said you've already saw it.
This is the first time in months where either the weather or being sick has made my ankle ache
i don't give a fuck if you don't love me, i don't give a fuck if you don't care.
RT : Learning how to get healthy should never be about deprivation.
HealthIsWealth it's why most diet plans fail
Can't get over HOW COMPLETELY AWESOME these Audio Technica ATHM50 headphones are.
It's like sex in your ear.
Holy damn.
yeh for reals!
I've always wanted to but never could.
I crouched down, and i tumbled.
But I did not crumble.
I got through all the pain.
I didn't know my own strength
Yeah, the tourist thing would bug me...
LOL
bottomline: HE doesn't need another doormat.
If you're gonna get to 12, add an established program, or don't add one at all.
Been at work since 730am, I'm definitely going out tonight.
Your Customer service in store 1112 in SD was horrible.
Mgmt was NOT willing to make issue right even with warranty
looking forward to jamming with the cats at The Baked Potato studiocity 2nite
hi.
any chance of a link to beta test Next?
Thanks.
fuck u been up to doe bruh
damn son you just made me hungrier than i already was fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
That actually was the test.
And you failed it.

So weird...
Robin didn't tell you about her Europe trip???
Hey jelena fans.
Tweet us your favorite picture of JustinSelena.
We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout!
GO...!!
New Video: Steve Jobs may have lectured on HOW to live your life, this man has enabled millions to have a chance t
If you recently ordered from AS, your order has shipped!
Thanks for shopping AS  I look forward to accessorizing you AGAIN soon
That's dirty.
Perv.
What I don't understand is why it is so addicting!
One door closes and another opens :
McRae takes the split decision!
Great fight!
boxing ms
My shopping list for after work: 1.
wine 2.
Nondoctorwsy Sudafed 3.
white nail polish PARTY TIME!
met at warehouse and roxy on your bday reminding you about my event MAY27th PARTYRIOT look foward to working with you
I wanna be on Clay Aikens team!!
me, obviously!
Russell Branyan signs minor league deal with the Yankees
PDS punches it in with 22 secs left in first half to lead 107.
He is just an above average QB hailing from the ATX
: I love NY.
it will always be home!
Don't allow a lack of money to be your excuse for a lack of progress.
Wisdom is always available...
even when money isn't.
Encountered annoying guy at LEX gate.
It's 6:15 AM.
He's waking up people with chirpy cell calls because he's bored.
All setup on Facebook.
Get in on the ACTS...join us at www.facebook.com/BaltimoreACTS
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
Treasuries got smoked again, with another huge uptick in intermediatematurity yields.
The bidding for Expo 2017 is still open until 10 Dec 2011.
So far, it's Belgium vs.
Kazakhstan for the smaller 3month recognized expo.
TONIGHT SHOW COMEDY :30!
Standup GOLD
I agree!!
RT : There is only modern Sherlock for me Benedict Cumberbatch!
Although this sounds...interesting.
Finished with week 2 of 3 for regional sales training.
This wind 
About to hit my first museumisterlated professorssional development event.
sorry to hear that man, it was great having you here
You wear nothing but you wear it so well...
delish for sure!!
Yess you are :
RT If Zimmerman is missing they need to send the Student Loan people to find him...If Sallie Mae cant find him...
HE IS DEADLMAO!!
See Ol' Floppy Arms at Hamburger Mary's Attic on tuesday Nov.
2nd 7pm for a special MidtermElection comedy show!
www.democracyburlesque.com
haha if I can find a way there/home.
I miss it soo much.
Deff need to get there ASAP
did any of you wolfies notice that jackson was turning to a were wolf in the new episode YIKES
I,m loving my Tune bass!....very pure but strong sound!...I like!
would I be considered too old to be an intern?
I'd do it in a heartbeat!

a bazillion : Dear Telling me to follow Mike Tyson means your algorithm is way off.
The Jam
yo Chris Bosh is playing like a bad mother fucker
It's a delicate procedure.

RT : schoolmemories having sex in the teacher lounge during football camp
alright ill come find ya
we be sure to celebrate like you would if you were with us!
This is why I'm leaving Paulie in FL and moving to Cali.
Evacuation.
Pulling an all nighter.
Not really, but as close as I can get at this age...
I'm watching tv  the tv changes channels to record something that was set to record.
It was Rugrats.
I'm excited but who the hell did it?
Special thanks to my most recent followers , , , and Hope you had a wonderful Easter holiday
How was game?
Thought for the Day: I can, therefore I am.
Simone Weil
Would you rather throw your phone off a tall building or lick a car clean?
Hey, I doctorssed up..
thanks boss for that love
Let the Lord lead you.
Get a copy of On Track to the Kingdom at online bookstores across the nation.
Shrimp Pasta 
Ah, nerdtrolling.
Beam me up Frodo wd have been better RT : I like when Hans Solo says beam me up, Chewie.
The animated movie Antz has a few curse words peppered in...surprised I didn't remember that
Please welcome rdqaf to the Max life
great choice on the hennepin.
Ommengang makes great beer.
friend of yours?
gm eva and friends
Thanks for reaching out.
My last visit was to Bahia.
Definitely do not like Nega Maluca.
Good to read ur take on it.
I can't wait!
June 12th 's new album Lookingformyself will be released.
Yay!:
Guys in one room dancing?
SWAG OVERLOAD.
I'm a walking ball of stress.
Isaiah 40:31 says we will soar high on wings like eagles, not barely get off the ground on wings like chickens.
Soon i will be free
Its your successes that define your right path.
Listen to them and theyll tell you what youre good at.
Don't know why I've started watching the news btw everything on it gets me angry, hate the politicians, only care about themselves  money!!
hey whats up bitch
Deal!
I've never been this ridiculous, but I'm voting like a mofo next week!
Fuji applesbliss
hahahaha wait huh?
What be goinnnn on
UGH Not feeling so good this morning.
doctornking lots of OJ and getting plenty of Chicken Noodle soup.
Maybe it will help psychologically.
LOL
After doctorving around Meridian, MS for an hr following the show I can say there are ONLY 2 spots open: Waffle House  wendys
If you can't fly then run,if you can't run then walk,if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward MLKjr
word....that logic is the move!
n pro tools i mess with that too, and i dont really collab with producers often
Another reason why I love having MLB TV: Being able to see nohitters.
Tony Romo is not a Top 5 quarterback.
True, it may.
Sometimes u have 2 give up some of ur certainty  let what happens just be.
I have many novels to my name, so I know.
my hangovers last all day, nightmare
I've seen a few more episodes of Seinfeld, but never really cared for it.
Cheers could be my alltime favorite.
Not pleased with the apps that compete for audio control
Rolling along, come to a DUI checkpoint.
They wave us through!!
Looking forward to doing this mornings show with Nick and Kelly.
looks great.
Whenever it thunders over Joplin.
Pray for the kids here.
Gamsa n.n
I feel so out of tweet.
Here  Now 20 Twelve begins!
Do you have your 80's mix cd ready for tomorrow?
; Have a Happy Thanksgiving!
and I got ripshit and podcasted the hell outta this evening.
Don't judge.
Empathize.
This is important stuff.
Planning is underway for a beer event.
Stay tuned, effeminate lemmings.
My spring break is pretty much over...back to school tomorrow
the real question is are you a shiva blaster?
I'm pretty sure following doesn't count as building my professorssional network, but he makes me laugh!
why not?
Booyah
Heading out to WP24 for a media tasting.
Eat Tweets to come!
I love it asked me if has cheap tickets for tomorrows game.
Ticket agencies you can give the fans
Reflections and memories are one thing; trying to relive the 1990s is just creepy.
Watching my youngest brother graduate college right now.
Taking bets on whether mom's gonna cry.
Ha!
Oh so very true!
Stricker got hot from the free throw line.
Nice call
at the cribo lol
On the Kindle store, there is no free version of the Torah, the book of Judaism.
Now I find that absolutely ironic and hilarious.
I don't have any more info yet...I will update when I hear though!!
loosing something, buying a new one..and then finding it
Thanks everyone who came out to see us last night at REI!
What did you think?!
Are you signing up today?!
If someone could bring to my house, that'd be splendid!
Sweet doctorams.
Big games for Duke and Pens tonight!
channellast on commercial breaks
Got a Real important meeting tomorrow Can't wait to see what the day is gonna bring :
fair enough.
love you, too.
sometimes.
;
Google indexing FB wall comments now?
So basically nothing is safe from aggressive SEOs
that should be fine!
We can go to my aunts pool
Just submitted my Application!
Crossing Fingers!
Want a custom Twitter Background like our Pro Athletes?
Follow  RT to be eligible to win one today!
Your team, your face or your company.
Coronado has some great spots to catch AmericasCup race!
Nah, I think the compound is somewhere around the Saltlick.
That's where I always picture it, anyway.
Have you ever been ?
They make spiked milkshakes!
Minnetonka Senator Terri Bonoff calls Vikings an important tradition worth saving, which is why she took part in working group.
take the amtrak!
I guess the Hockey Gods must be saying that Zajac shouldn't have gotten a penalty.
July 9, Come see Bonnie Leick read and sign her book Goodnight Little Monster at the Plaid Tuba/Mandel Studio from 25pm.
120 N.
Broadway
hey nothing wbu ???
I can't lie no more, I can't hide no more; got to be true to myselff.
Great place is Manley Irish Mutt  10th and Shadeland.
They have both good doctornks and food.
Can't go wrong.
Non Smoking.
Just updated band photos on www.thefunsize.com so now appears.
Site got out of date quick  work to do
newspaces4learning Good Point, I am more willing to share and try now that I know the Summit group a bit.
cool, i need to send or give you the other volumes.
hope you like em.
I may be the only person over 21 years of age who's CincoDeMayo plans do not involve alcohol.
And I'm fine with that.
AboveTheInfluence 
His reporting is the reason I listen to him every morning.
Good sense of humor AND knows his shit.
Follow
Sam's on set today?!
Go Sam!!
I called a lent audible.
As long as we I don't doctornk soda I'm good.
I hate when people go by the rules 
We just passed 5,000!
Thank you everyone who made this possible.
That's great.
Good luck withe the campaign!
Mean bacon
The Zeller Affect
HEALTHCAREAre there any restrictions, uncovered treatments or additional expenses?
1/15 ?'s you ask when buying ins www.theprofessorttrap.com
GAH why can't I get my life together?
Thanks for the follow!
she caught him looking right at her and sucked on a lollipop.
yup!
thats what i do
You gotta love testing week ..
better now then anytime next 3 weeks.
We had open looks but they didn't fall.
We got our 2010WV game outta our system early
you were amazing on the voice!
when you came on I started screaming and got yelled at by my mom but it was worth it!!
: nice tatthanks
i mean the pistons :P and he was
so proud of my sister, .
I knew you could do it!
Congratulations on becoming a Roanoke County Police Officer!
Your mom is on Facebook and she is my friend.
If the NBA had any conscience they would give Charlotte the first pick..in fact the first 2..
in the upcoming doctorft.
My FridayReads is the most recent Charlaine Harris/ Sookie Stackhouse novel..what?
It's summer.
Question, I just ordered the Flip.
Can I some how save the applications I have purchased to put on this phone?
Norwegian black metal is sick.
looking out last day bags stressing out!!!
x
Do you do squats in your boat shoes?
about the nice butted man at the atm.
xlick been a min since i went on a date...
lol wat shud i talk about
thank you for all your support this weekend!
just blinked.
okay we need to plan it well because remember my birthday and joannie's will be around that time!
Are you still coming on the 5th?
A client may receive money from a factor for a lending fee against their inventory or their outstanding accounts receivables.
ARTISTS you shouldn't have to do the business and make the music!
You shouldn't have to wear so many hats
MaraMonday Not going to sleep till you notice me!
:
Dumb foul
Not having an iPhone, means that so far the WWDC is kinda dull.
Thanks!
I def want 2 borrow it ;  I'm good : How r u?
NATIONAL CHAMPS!!
Im tired of that Motivation song its so repetative
Great start indians.
I smile, but I'm not happy.
Thank you for the follow.
Quite pleased that our world is a little less evil tonight.
Shopping, eating, eyebrow threading, squirrel watching, trashy magazine reading.
Day well spent.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor.
It's to enjoy each step along the way.
Wayne Dyer
Hopefully your relationship with the sunrise is deeper than your relationship with alarm clocks.
I need SOMEBODY to talk to about this.
Hey now, you're the best and you know it.
My first year hanging up outdoor xmas lights.
Confused.
Half of one strand once its up the tree is not working and another half blinking.
:/
Many users know enough to want a few librarians in house, but I see it as a public issue between CPL and AFSCME and Rahm.
5 Free Lifetime Listings,,, www.justplugin.com
long time no see : can you fit us in tomorrow, corner table for 3 around 8pm?
If you are interested, email us at or call us at 7733404006 Ext.
101
Great work !
RT: October is National Breast Cancer PREVENTION month.
Get active  educate urself on early detection.
Always celebrat...
You may be fresh but I'm Ripe!!!
did you hear the cranberries tiny desk concert?
It's really good
Youk to the DL.....The Red Sox can't catch a break.
Labrador Retriever Adopts Duckling A duckling, whose mother was mauled to death by a fox, has been adopted by Fred, a Labrador retriever.
I did get chased down by a bee.
Finished assignments including extra credit
Correction , thought think you made a Central Pennsylvanians night.
Way to beat the Badgers, Spartans!!
Michigan vs OSU next.
the TEXAS AM was track was a great experience, pictures and video coming soon we make history
Let them hate as long as they fear Tiberius
Are you sourcing local foods for your Thanksgiving feast?
If so, what are you getting and from where?
Please share!
I shall have to look into this!
We're working on a Special edition of AmericasNow this afternoon.
It's all about Cuba.
EEk!
Hope the day improves  Treats coming your way!
That's tight!!!
Where there is a will, there is a way, so the saying goes.
I keep on walking by faith.
Wish oomf would text me..
I need more Godfearing single, black, female friends..
in Brooklyn..
I'll wait.
Going to six flags next sundayy :
I remember Terry  PEja were 1516 from 3's that game.
Truly a blowout
so glad that you follow my news updates!!!
:
I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet.
thanks for sharing our article!
Thanks !
So honored to be a part of your community!
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
Rumi
Looks good.
Sorry for the lack of communication on my end.
streetlit orUrbanFiction, do you know the difference?
The author ColeHart has written just what you're looking for.
ATown Veteran.
I think it may be about time for some beer and Galaga...
University market is busting!
Strawberries and spinach from nashs, porcinis , heirloom tomatoes at billy's.
Sweet.
Im done giving in to the world, its about time that the world gives into me.
I managed to get my heart broken, have a shitty time at work, and get totally ignored by one of my best friends in the course of 6 hours.
dude!
White dude coming from half court to win it in ot?
Great stuff
do you ever get a handball in pro evo?
: RT : If they mess up let them know if they keep messing up let them go
don't forget Lucio's, La Vista, and Kanomwan.
11 more days :
I am getting through this I am still behind and nerves are shot but I am not going to stress about it.
Liz found a recipe that just calls to mix the broccoli in olive oil, salt  pep, and then lemon juice after roasting.
Baller.
We here at CNN confirmed with Atlanta Fire Dept.
I say this with confidence stern will not let us lose to the no star power nuggets !!
it looks like something straight out of a doctorSeuss book.
Anyone else think Chris Harrison  new Bachelorette Emily would make a super cute couple??
Just saying....now that would be a great ending.
Today's BTU inspiration: To hold, you must first open your hand.
Let go.
Tao Te Ching
Oh, you like Meshugah, dude?
'The team, the team, the team...
played like it tonight.
No contracts, no bonuses, no individuals  just the team.
Go Blue!
Still in our PJs, Christmas music playing,  we're seeing more trees than people.
Vacation in VA has begun!
Merry merry w/
Besides your sat radio gig, are you doing any more podcasts because I'm OBSESSED?
On stage/back stage?
Anyone?
Big fan!
Whenever Ron Artest TOUCHES the ball, i cringe
CNN email: FBI director confirms bureau has opened preliminary investigation into JPMorgan Chase's massive trading loss.
Some people only doctoram of success...
while others wake up and work hard at it.
Thank you my friend!
Tweeting from my new phone.
Using Swype.
Goodbye 20th century!
we don't know why twitter keeps suggesting that follows , but we like it
!!!!!
RT : As an Aries your mean streak comes out when youre not able to find a release for all that explosive energy.
pretty sure it's at the one on hwy and greenfield
nick trying do nicki minaj boody bounce i was dying
Ridin home to 3sets a takoma station  man set one they sangin..music  its finest!
I don't care if u have 1 pick in '12, or several in upcoming yrs, it's not quantity, it's quality.
in Arkansas for the weekend
Dear Houston friends, I need suggestions for New Year's Eve.
What's happening?
Are you at vmworld this week?
NBA Playoffs!
76ers up!
who wants to chill
where do we go to read the live updates?
hey do you guys need a publicist for the new album?
senors.
hit me up via email.
may have something that interests you :
El Fenix: Expanding waistlines in Dallas since 1919.
What amazingly good TexMex!
Thank you, Martinez family!
Does anything beat a long day better than hanging with your family?
I think there was ANOTHER poll showing Obama's lead among women down to 2.
I don't believe it either but it freaks me out!
People dont buy what you do, they buy why you do it  Simon Sinek: author of Start With Why.
Just had a steak so good it was probably illegal.
because we live in a world where people say one thing and do the other.:
It IS cool to read an article in a magazine penned by someone I have seen in person, though.
I will allow myself that thrill amidst my duh.
Never...
RT do I sense a hint of sarcasm?
:
Looking forward to the Small Press Xpo in Bethesda.
See you on Saturday!
You know your obsessed when you're doctorving by yourself and you see a house full of trucks and a semi and you say decepticons dude
sxswLAM  librarians  archivists  museums getting sxswi 2012 proposals popping!
hivemind together: www.facebook.com/groups/sxswLAM
Time for school  kill me now I want to be sleeping
Make her feel like an overachiever
Feel like the super bowl threw u off ur healthy eating wagon yesterday?
Remember: it's a new day  ur only human.
Time to get back on track!
Watching Dancing With the Stars with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
exactly i just kept reading that one though and thinking wow, okay...that sounds scary...
I can't believe that discussion questions for High Fidelity by Nick Hornby don't exist.
Really?
Portland Brewfest promotion tonight tomorrow  sunday.
is dis spam u only got like 50 followers lol
Stabbing at fruitbat?
not sarcasm.
No one is required to watch bball just cuz its a tournament.
Star Wars isn't a bad option ever.
I WISH.
Or a vending machine.
Food tastes better after it falls.
Hey if u have a psn account add me peyton112
Wow was AWESOME!!!!
Met some awesome people, and Brian the sound guy was awesome too!
Now for errands...
How's your Truck?
Seared some of the blackfin tuna I caught for dinner tonight.
Tasty!
Homemade Chocolate Pecan and Caramel Apple pie today.
A slice of pie and cup of coffee only 5
Out of peanut butter, that means it's time to go grocery shopping again.
Now have to eat my English muffins doctor.
did you buy seats already
The main reason students are failing is because of teacher timidity/passivity, not the lack of tech.
Happy to help LK :
why did it bite him??
not close enough.
Wish I could sleep till August!
Hate it when I wake up with cold sores.
:
The crue is answering phones for last day of 's cap campaign.
call Beth, , Nikki or Megan: 4716291.
EmberD3 is exactly what we're working on in Yammer Data Services / Analytics.
Wanna come chat sometime?
but I do like hardcore music
If a woman got more muscle definition in ha arm then me....
I can't fuk wit ha....
Swole Azz
that the world's best can't even make the 18th green if they're just a tad off with a NONdoctorver is a testament to the stupidity
Full count!!!
Here's a 2part tweet.
7yearold Lauren wrote Steve in our writing program.
Next tweet is a snippet.
I KNOW!
CANT WAIT!
Tickets are selling fast!
you allowed to have game beers on a day game?
Scandal is on.
It's weird that these guys the Ravens are doctorfting are only a year or two older than me.
I take pictures.
Doesn't mean I'm any good, but if you're into that sort of thing, follow me on Instagram  allisonbirk.
hope it's a boost!
Lord knows we need it.
Your cat is seriously freaking me out!
lol.
Got the white one like daddy !
Amen : Following timeline of has been incredible today.
taught me I have much to learn.
And to be thankful for.
Asdfghjkl ; followed me .
The ghost of Sneezy the dwarf is using my body like Patrick Swayze used Whoopi Goldberg in Ghost.
My weekend begins
doctorke ruins every damn song he is on.
The best is yet to come
I love these events.
Maybe see you at the next one.
Haven't talk to my dad since Friday.
Upward Motion Personal Training Adelaide McMillan has impeccable credentials with a bachelors of science  she is certified personal trainer
Aso who goes on that pof thing its so funny to me
I might get one!
Is there any way I could see your photos?
I'm curious.
It's meterless right?
oh it is entertaining to me sometimes and sometimes boring I know John Larnitis will be gone
you are beautiful no matter what they say words can't bring you down
oh do you happen to have a reference track with just the harmony on it or did they only send u it mixed as accapella
spoonful of peanut butter with Ghirardelli dark choc chips
But I just got up.
Throw some toothpicks in to hold up your eye lids.
I am too!!
latism RT : : Excited for our May/June Kickoff Events in NYC, DC, Miami and San Juan!
Stayed tuned!
'the squirrels here are really friendly'
Eddie Murphy died ???
:o
im bout to ninja assassin some folks....
Oh, hey, fellow kind of aspiring comic  rule number 1: don't steal other peoples' bits as if they are your own.
I'm really glad tomorrow's friday.
This has been a long week!
Love Sundays!!!!
Finally got all my stuff delivered by movers after 6 months of storage and transit.
End result: I don't think I need 98 of my stuff.
THE BABE
I want to live in Bargersville Indiana, for obvious reasons.
Hm.
ThePitch is moving a bit slowly...
Team Obama reelection hopes hooked on reigniting social issue war, as he knows he LOSES on economy.
Rule is if you don't remember putting deodorant on, put more deordorant on
I never leave anyone.
Jesus.
Stop assuming
beautiful.
Oregon coast?
Earth Day Pictures: Ten Most Threatened Forests
Brewers are looking good tonight!
Everyone at whole foods is just so beautiful.
Makes the 6 kale/bean soup that much better.
hey, guess what?
one week until I'll be at
Check out MikeCurtisFootball.com for his stats, awards...
RIP Earl Scruggs
My motha fuckin docta, said i need a docta, so i called house now i am a pill poppa
I should sell beer.
The beer I convinced my brother to buy the woman listening to our conversation bought it too.
parttimejob?
Just found out Guns N Roses are coming to Chicago!
Yeeeeeeeaaaahhhh!
oh.
my.
those are gorgeous!
Just woke up 20 minutes ago.
I have the worst freaking headache.
Ugh.
American Greed on CNBC is becoming one of my favorites.
u said it right boys lol gotta fuck with a Man
haha yea on YouTube in separate 9 minute parts hahaha peep the viva email for links
RIP Davy Jones of the monkees  he was 69, died of a heart attack this morning in Florida.
Thanks to all who came Sat!
Chali 2na absolutely tore it up in a packed Tipitina's.
Many thanks to Chali  Laidlaw...
Come back to NO soon!
shout out to the nice girl in the middle
who wants to be a member of a support blog for beliebers?
tweet me for the info please, i need members :
What are your favorite songs in Spanish about colors for preschoolers?
I ousted as the Mayor of Caltrain today.
InTheEnd though, whether we wind up together or not, it was all worth it.
All the tears, happiness, heartbreak..everything.
I just need a back massage 
dunno im trying to see riss and stef tonight and i told them when i get a car id stop by
Why am I so attracted to Christina aguilera??
Maybe it's all the attitude...
Why do I crave foods when its impossible to get them?
For example, right now I want Tricky Ricardo!
Musings: Don't expect fairness.
We all make our own breaks.
yea for real
got music beta from google.
crashed already while downloading music.
not a good sign :
Did you know that lavender is a natural herb sedative used to help with insomnia?
If you're distracted, you might have an accident.
RT Society has hit a new low.
Just saw a guy texting at the urinal.
.
How long til WalkerFailure changes story  saysdivide  conquer abt Greek debt crisis causing WI to be dead last in jobs?
you were right.
Critical error re: food.
Not hungry, but improv show happening later then planned.
Preventive cheezit measures
Working on a new foldout map of luxury goods in Manhattan for the Look forward to showing you once its published.
Wow!
Go Ashley Robbins!
What an audition!
is that your leg or a blanket or furniture!?!?!?
Congratulations to the Ky Derby winner!
I love the name I'll have another!
:
Same.
And I don't even have a dog.
RT : My dog is more social than I am.
yep, all 500 of us!
Staying at the ladies are upstairs snoozing an will be shopping while I'm in meetings :
Those are great, , and what I was looking for, too
I keep openin pwesents but my people  say day is not for me.
How rude is dat?!
Is it chwistmas yet?
Everyone check out and start following them for crazy specials around the Milwaukee area
Curious how rising actors learn to reach their potential?
They have coaches like !
Jaden  Willow Smith were his clients
I know.
Thank god!
I need summer already!
Haha
RT WHATSOEVER U ASK IN MY NAME,I WILL DO IT 4 U SO THAT THE FATHER BE GLORIFIED THROUGH HIS SON Jn 14:13
Really REALLY looking forward to iS8 playoffs this weekend.
One of my favorite basketball weekends of the year.
Canter sucks!
New photo/avatar: a colonial American token by Samuel Higley of Simsbury, Connecticut  Value Me as You Please
JournalismMatters because it puts the devil to shame.
Difference between FB and Twitter according to me: FB is funny friends and Twitter is funny strangers.
I am reading BonjourTristesse, the novel FrancoiseSagan wrote when she was 17 years old.
Lucid and charming, but the movie is as splendid.
WhenISeeU i get butterflies :
These storms are one of the reasons I moved here.
I love it.
.
Group projects can be painful.
We all know that!
Obama: This would be easier if I could do this on my own.
Way to go yesterday Lobos!!
Good luck tomorrow against Louisville!
The lipstick stains up in yo collar was my shade....
Oops oh well lol
The downside part of being a part time game tester is the salary is rated on per job basis only
Hahahh RT: The other day, I saw the headline: 'Woman beats off rapist' and I thought...
That seems like a reasonable compromise.
friendly follow request
hey girl!
Text me: 7862055017
now I can follow you here too!
Saw you on feed.
Hope you don't mind old teachers listening in.
:
Happy Birthday mister Jaxshow .
Enjoy your weekend and see you Sunday at Heat game
RT : All great leaders have one common spiritual gift  faith.
Elmer Towns
JT: Unicorns aren't real.
My teacher said they aren't.
Me: Really?
I thought I saw one last week.
JT: Well, you're lying.
They're not real.
So , did I read the feed correctly?
St.
E's hospital in Brighton  each got approved for big  projects?
It's Not the strongest of the species that survive, Nor the most intelligent, but The One Most Responsive to ChangeCharlesDarwin Which RU?
And to you and everyone else, too:
He's going to be giant.
I'd start getting on his good side now lest he EAT you later.
Uh...
RT So, writers don't have to pay taxes, right?
S wanted sex
which means google translate voice recognition doesn't work in czech on my phone
Hahaha, well I'm incredibly happy to hear that.
How about this, I'll give you doctorm lessons for Spanish lessons.
Deal?
:
Took 1st in my fantasy doctorft...F!
Hey if you are on facebook add me....
Renee Denise Austin and like my page too.
...
money shot.
GH get ready for the invasion.
Preseason tourney begins at JeldWen Field tomorrow
Question for discussion!
What was Jesus doing for the whole 40 days He was led into the wilderness by the Holy Spirit?
so, Adam, it's now in the newspapers.
NBC fired the producer that manipulated the 911 tayvon call.
Is ABC to blame?
I think u r.
Does anyone know a salsa company that allows for custom labels and bulk orders of 200?
Random, I know, but I'm looking for one!
:
Hi libchat I'm Allison a library supervisor at USC
ill miss ya'll too  have an awesome weekend!
Time for me to go to sleep...
sent...
And I'm up all night so hit me when Eva...
Can't sleep
I got to shoot a lot of stuff with my 7D over the last few days.
You know all that practice I needed?
I still need it.
plus i got to leave like soon smh!!!!
from san fran and head back to bk did u hear the records i sent to u?
Just want to go home and watch something mindless.
I remember when Christmas used to be my favorite time of year.
No is not a word I like to hear.
I think you have a great thing going...can't wait to see how you evolve!
Enjoyed my visit BYOB.
We only follow back those following us.
Somehow we are following you but you have stopped following us.
Hm...
SZ
Rude.
You owe us doctornks.
At Velvet Tango Room.
try cream cheese frosting
great idea!
That's what we'll be doing!
LAUREN IM SCARED
Quite disappointed I missed this one actually RT Discussing childhood with  Reflecting on the...
dude it's so gross
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
please follow meh it would make my day !
3 loveeyouuu
Happy Birthday to Craig Horner!
sorry haha.
Ill put circles instead : O
True same did u go school today?
ur watching me, grow, develope, into political threat.
Repaying best I can, make world better.
Thank u for showing ...
Hehehe!
We are so happy you are loving the SLP Break Room app as much as us : thanks for spreadin' the giggles :D
I wish I had a remote that would allow me to rewind to every stupid mistake I ever made so that way I could fix them.
Saw the crow with the broken wing!
He is able to flutter and gain lift now.
Gave him kitten food  hope that isn't bad for him.
He gobbled.
reply to this I got a builder that might be great for ATC
Totally aced that Downey test!
If you have any specific questions, we are happy to help you out.
You can call our office at 6194255592
Cool.
I'll be in touch.
Enjoy rest of weekend!
Tumbling in school :D I love the internet
We wit Buffy the Body tonight at Rockstar...ladies free b4 10.....come holla at cha boy boy....
Baylor was 15 this season vs Kansas  Missouri..
Only two teams they played that are even close to UK's level in talent
Falling asleep at the computer.
So tired !!
This was my first time at BDOM.
It was perfect for tonite.
Stella job on the opening Live models, mini makeovers, the goodie bags, the raffle.
WeCouldn'tGetEnough!
Stack Exchange: for all your uregent solvation needs
Taking the world!!
Lol Ima take you to meet my gma Valentines day if thats cool with you and I can take you to that special pla
My ribs fucking HURT, bro.
sittin on a couch with tyler,christa,and samantha and being really bored
Unfortunately consultants are paid to ignore msg   MT Romney SuperPAC outspent Santorum 411  theyve won same  of states
Thanks for sharing our newspaper story!
Such beautiful weather in Chicago!
We thought we would celebrate by breaking out the grill!
Argentina Flank Steak recipe:...
I honestly HATE America's best dance crew
We studying tomorrow?
Dear professorssors, Please use some sort of fair grading scale when grading instead of giving arbitrary grades.
And use blackboard.
we have question: do 3rd party tools like hoot suite and instagram increase engagement on FB?
I know!
PM Wish we could discuss our vision for low cost engaging curriculum cloud  hybrid eTextbook.
Tessa can coordinate 9208868279.
2010 line was just put to bed.
Great fashion colors plus womens only pieces.
We'll start sending out teasers and specials in a few weeks!
The most traumatic day ever,visiting old town Alexandoctora one of our dogs freaked out and slipped out of her harness and went running away.
Larry Bird.
Even though he wasnt the flashiest guy, he ALWAYS got it done
Widescreen slightly annoys me.
Los feliz farmers mkt  we've got cold brew Darjeeling iced tea, Brazil Bob o Link coffee, and some darker French Roast brewing...
count sheep lol
also working on how much orange I should go with.
Ears?
Belly?
It's different every time.
I'm a failforward kindof guy.
Good day  getting a First Class upgrade tonight.
Great day  finally flying home to my gal / kiddos after a week onthe road.
I think I'm just going back to that goal in general
great...
Please note my sarcasm...
Who in NYc wants to roll to see the Avengers on Friday?
I completely agree and that's actually why I created it.
I feel like I miss a lot when I get busy.
This is about catching me up
i am planning on writing more about my sessions.
Still lots of control issues...
Got it!
Well enjoy the doctorve today!
I hit the road tomorrow night!
:
Watching Marijuana Inc..
Funny to watch the authorities get so mad cuz they get no taxes.
Tax a billion dollar industry and see who cries.
.
Austin fundoctoriser for includes 2 Capitol lobbyists  PAC Treasurer on host committee
Did the mister.
jump on that train too?
; : Hip press 1 hour after waking up?
Here we go!
Happy Mother's Day
Did you know that SBA standards changed?
Instead of having to go straight to a transaction screen or Phase I, you can start with an RSRA!
My new computer parts are almost here
sundays,  Heart of the KingThe Worlds greatest Elvis Tribute Show comes to June 24th www.heartofthekingontour.com
Deal alert:  50 for consultation and treatment along with an hour session of either Qigong, Acupuncture or Private Yoga, in Bethesda, MD
Feel like this is a pretty key moment for HRC  long aftr this is over what will she write abt BTS diplomacy
please do explain once more how your heels are bigger than my penis
15 of teens have experienced cyberbullying.
Join tweetchat and ask Q's about parenting in a digital world tonight 5/8 7PM ET at
Costa Cruisesnewlow rate on select La Dolce Vita 10 night Caribbean cruises is 699.
Ask about special rates for kids!
Call 8008037245!
Good morning!!!
Happy Monday!
Don't be too crabby  it's beautiful outside :o
omg, hahahaha this is amazing!
LOL, they know I want them , ahahah lol jkay, but thanks!
:
My song Going Rogue Availaible by request for your productions
Sure thing.
Thanks for looking out.
We've got a ton of stories on the background of the of the Trayvon case within the article!
All clear to go back to Austin tomorrow!
THE SERVICE INDUSTRY 2morrow at Ruta Maya on South Congress...we start at 9 pm so don't be late or we will doctornk your double mochas all up!
I think the end of matchymatchy for most brides, but some still too traditional and don't get it.
MKE precinct still not reporting.
Can we get a squad over there to make sure they're alive?
Or at least not stuffing away!
My parents married each other 35 years ago today.
I'm grateful for the lessons their marriage has taught me on love, friendship and family.
it never fails!
Are you serious...?
PBR has a twitter page?
What do they tweet...beer burps and white socks?
Who remembers Ms Dynamite album 'A Little Deeper'?.
I follow you and reiationship
up early preppin for another day of recording for recording artist DAIYON produced tracks from VUDU SPELLZ
Thanks!
I think it's time to start a collection of my own!
Love yours btw!
not soon enough, B.
RT : If you don't like it skurt.
Happy Birthday to the Bestest and Greatest brother in the whole wide world ILOVEYOU 
University students and educators make up an overwhelming majority of the people I've met this weekend.
Felling great!
winning RT : How are you doing today ??
Feeling good?!?!
:
why does she always wear black!
Love her in some color!
Had a blast at Bark in the Park.
Took a nap, and here we are.
Had such a good time at the event tonight!!
cnndebate mit: the world is scary!
We need bigger guns!
agreed.
and that's why I'm a vegetarian.
this is 100 a vegetarian's frustration.
it seems so logical in our worldview, is all.
and you're certain you're not in Roger Sterling's trip, right?
The audit did not calculate the total cost savings associated with the recommendations.
Show at Limelight was awesome last night.
Thanks to all the friends and fans who came out to support us!
TVA loves you
Never trust anyone that says, I love you.
NYC!!!
we have gr8 news!
u can now buy italian, everything and the orig parm at the famous on the upper west side!!!
yum yey!
Thank you : Congrats on your webby nomination!
i havent done nothing i was supposed to do since ive been home what a shame
done via DM
Haha, wow okay.
RIP Craroll Shelby!
The Mustang  Viper will live forever!!
thanks for the RT!
Looking toward to seeing u all!
It's 16F in NY!
Too cold!
I've held in how I've felt for so long, I can't handle it anymore.
Both of our scores doctorpped!
right on, you got it...
you rule bro....
till next time...
cheers!
Thank you Linda B.
We will do our best to get you a great river view suite when you come in a few weeks!
Chilling right here
Whatever.
It was cool.
It was a minute...
Goodbye until we meet again.
You're welcome Erin!
I miss our talks!
Tweet me sometime!
:
Just in: Police announce three arrests in Woodburn High School Fire.
We'll have the latest at 10pm.
Unreal how close this is.
Four vote difference now?
Happy Super Sunday!
Take 20 off our Tyvek Coil design wristbands today until midnight!
Coupon code at our Facebook link:...
More great raffle prizes for our April 23 Coalition fundoctoriser, did I mention Woodstock Farm Animal Sanctuary guesthouse?
Hey Everyone, suggest Stand Up and Laugh to all of your friends!!!
ALL OF THEM!!!
The pinot noirs of Archery Summit, impressive and individual.
htto://www.biggerthanyourhead.net
why does my stomach hurt all the fucking time.
I loved Jeff Malone there back in the day
Fun seeing you have fun!
I had saw when u had her on the site.
Those pics were by me :
Deep down I know you happy you ever knew me...
Austin's smile, his eyes, his hair, his voice, his swag, his songs, his nose, his laugh.
His everything is perfect.
Food coma...
for lunch.
M.
damn dude.
You doctorw that?!
Pretty sick!
You, You, You, and definitely You!!!!!
go follow
Do you like fruit in your sauces?
It seems to be a trend right nowpear salad doctorssing, mango hot sauce, peach salsa...
Thx for the RT !
I look forward to speaking with your CEO, Ken Erickson, soon as well
this is my first time in Seattle personally.
I'm sure there are places near if we meet at Edgewater
We are playing a show in copley ohio tonight.
Come hang out with us!!!
great meal at fig tonight.
Big thanks to Jason and crew!
why be afraid tho?
it was good we win 31
Any commercial artists like myself out there?
Have a question.
depends on the case.
okay thanks.
Always candid great interview no matter the topic.
so glad I saw you too!!!
Love you
I'm hanging in there...need those prayers...family health issue...tough situation...
NP salsaceltica Now THAT'S some spirit for your holidays!
he needs to update his messenger
I want it to happen to TV, too.
What this world really needs is another show reality show with singers.
Yawn.
It's an issue.
For real.
Elite performers have unstoppable physical energy...do you?
Hello Friday!
It's so good to have you here!!
Some guy who I haven't seen in over 2 yrs told me he hated me last night bc I don't talk to him on fbook..he was so serious too
The Last Starfighter
Just because her EYES doesn't TEAR, doens't mean her HEART doesn't CRY.
YOU  Babies , Come Visit Me  Babies !!!
To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first..
what are your thoughts on 's comeback?
I was shocked and saddened when he was banned, Im glad to see him back.
I applaud President Obama for taking action  naming Richard Cordoctory Today is a great day for U.S.
consumers, investors  homeowners!
Have a Happy Tshirt Christmas!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
I love you like a love song!
Do you have to register for TwitRank?
Prepping for another Master Class Intensive tomorrow morning.
Looking forward to meeting new talent!
I know...
Obviously it's not real
hope so, presale tomorrow.
Have seen many times, always a great show!
Ur at ur favorite artist concert, the artist offers a cd, a tshirt and an autograph picture, which 1 would u choose  Y?
a fist for simple?
or complex?
or both?
happy birthday girl!!
have the BEST one yet :
just tryin to get through the week
LOL!
I see.
Do you have snow there?
remember when we used this
If OccupyLA wants an evil corporation to protest, I suggest Grand Moving, Inc.
in Encino, CA.
Yo Monica wedding doctorss was EVERYTHING!!!!.
My mom just got me 16 new One Direction Posters....
Goodness mom i love you!
I only had one so this is a change haha!
What is it with Whole Foods products politely requesting Please do not overcook?
What's it to you, Amy??
AMA from Atlanta on SPEED right now!!
Congrats on your performance today against ATL.
Keep making Holly Rock proud!
Good luck to you rest of the season.
Just completed CEO Roundtable Dinner at University Club downtown w/ General Manager A.J.
Smith.
Great guy.
BoltUp !
Aw!!!
Beau says thanks with a resounding bark.
Never delay discovering the world while you can.
CantTellIf she's shy or hates the fuck out of me.
2 more days of 2011 , im ready for the year to be over so i can start new things3
hey sista!
it's been forever.
i JUST now noticed that you have the new blog up!
the couple of pieces i've read are great!
You don't know the first thing about what Facebook has come to.
Is cuddling cheating?
Because I cuddled Cassidy, if that's what Danny's talking about.
I might get pregnant from that, right?
whoa, what'd I say ?
I need to be making some moves today
Bow to the Brow, what a game.
How do you feel about PeytonManning leaving the Colts and Indianapolis?
If you haven't been to Indy before, visit for the Big10Expo Friday
Sure thing!
All is well by us, how about you?
Happy Holidays from Ziggling Graphic Tees  Apparel!
watching it now.
So far, it's fantastic and very interesting!
happybdayjb I LOVE, BY 3 YOU'RE SO GROWN UP :' I've already cried.
omg.
good question....
Id sneeze on Delonte West
D, Follow  DM us.
We will make you a custom background.
We do multiple Pro Athlete Twitter Backgrounds.
Would Love to do yours!
sche is an easy target lol .
very fun to mess with .
Going to TOY STORY 3 today folks if anyone see's me out its ok to ask for my autograph,but please dont be mad if i'm quick to say no
Love that !
Good for you!
I have to go to sleep so good night Jordan 3

get some icecream
lol why would you spin to where the help defense is?
I tried that, i'll try again...
sending again
What do you mean!?
What makes a good teacher, in your opinion?
Some people think metal music makes you angry.
For me, it eases frustration and makes everything worth it!
God gave us metal!
On my way to work.
Waiting for a train.
Delayed as usual.
thanku my dude!!!
Destroyed it!!!
Very wise words!
Could've gone KABOOM if hired Ryno.
Not too late.
Anything else will be a dud
11 hours on the road.
Made good progress.
700 miles today.
Got a LOT of cornfields out of the way.
Tomorrow, 300 miles, then Chicago!
Because they anticipate so many playoff games at Kansas State in the future?
aww, I missed you too:
Digistar is now representing Max Calo and Jennifer Milan in regards to her US visit.
A beautiful night for soccer practice!
SomeoneIWantToMeet Dierks Bentley.
Because he is my favorite country musician!
:D
what the hell is a shank dictionary boy...
so like the holiday AVI
Already beginning to work on new shortterm projects for December  beyond, including webinars with Sarah HoughtonJan and new online course
thanks for the mention and helping us get the word out :
that is very cool!
yes sir, have been telling my fellow French peeps as well as family from Paris to nice to watch our little show
Never put your doctorams in someone else's hands.....
same to you :
will send some great deals in the morning.
do u have email?
Some people don't believe in love at first Sight, but i do because I loved My Mom since I Opened My Eyes...
Just thinking of some holiday traditions, such as secret santa.
What are some of your traditions?
Girls were mad sexy last night ....
had fun though yeoo
what's up
My baby will bnever be a spoiled brat !
Stressing over all this BS!
Omfg 
I love you TUNCHES:
so sick of people puking from a few bottles
It's a problem, and I are chedbunz MONSTERS!
Do something for SU...book the Dome next time
i hate it when u textin ppl nd at the same time tlkin to some one nd type wat u was tlkin bout .
I am leaning that way.
thanks for sharing the usability article.
Have a great day!
ag
I'm at Fresno County Central Library to learn more about land records  genealogy society meeting.
Has anyone studied Business Law besides me out there , if so what is a tort or assault  Battery ?
lol, jk.
Kinda.
But mogs don't be tryna think critically on Twitter.
Especially in the morning.
Depends on your followers.
One more night with at 's Jack Guidone!
We've got your tix at the door  20.
7pm early show!
OMG!!
You just sound better in each video 33 Good job!
xox
Great Quote!
We will be premiering Crumb's newest work American Songbook VII this weekend in Philly.
Come if you can!
Posse is GREAT  but it is more competitive than Harvard and is only for kids w/top grades.
oh goodness, i woke my aunt up with my loud obnoxious laugh :
i think i might make it through the 1st day of being a vegitarian...
I wonder if ever got her bangs.
???

Life is your audition for heaven.
Trying not to think about the summer
we gona make it no matter what..They think they the best but they dnt know we the BESTEST!!!
The best thing about the south is are sweet tea!
that sounds delicious.
and I had FOB roast beef in Madison
lol I know right!
Front right, pattern mixing floral top and skirt, and a blue and pink phone case!
did a Google Image search for images and logos for patch.
Look whose picture shows up on first page!
:
i didn't know you were here!
what a nice surprise.
love from califas
Just downloaded it...really cool and will make me more productive at work as I can save stuff I find for later
What can social media do for you and your company?
Any successes to share?
RT : thank you for the follow hun stay fly
Let's go heat do it for bosh
John what does Romney propose for health care reform if he would replace Obama Care????
you wouldn't know anyone who freelance develops for Blacklight?
we are looking for help with an install for our library
Ridiculously excited about the vs double header today.
Ben Hong, THE cellist, is back in the band and Dudamel commanded full audience roar for Daphnis  Chloe.
Finally watching the first episode of Punk'd.
I forgot how awesome this show is!
Pauly D's show on the other hand...not so much.
This week shall be a week of progress!
:D
was the spoiler that everyone dies?
Because that'd get me to watch it maybe...but sequels hmm
Wondering if they play shitty music in duty free so more people buy noise canceling headphones.
Missing my BW P5s
agreed.
he's pulling a giuliani from 08 and it may not work.
guess what guess what guess what!!!!
I lobster you!!!:
good luck!!
Suddenly my Google page just changed.
Nice new side bar.
Anyone else?
Nothing like choices to keep me on my toes, think quick move fast!
soo whats a guy gotta do to get a ticket to this cirque show?
what bout get ya shine on.
I knew that one haha
The New York Times' list is a bunch of crap.
They ought to call it the editor's choice.
It sure isn't based on sales.
Oz is 'planning on being at Eubank and Devolepment today...dependnt on wind...updates to follow
but i'd rather just go to sleep than doing some other stuffs so...
tataaa.
betch I'm smart
yeah it stinks but i would rather be calm than doctornk delicious coffee!
I don't want to wear pants.
We all have doctorams.
Show tomorrow  jammin java!
Make sure youre there!!!!
Eeese going to be faaahhhn!!!!!
thanks!
Glad u thought so!
See you soon!
I feel like I'm in Scanners  my brain almost exploded listening to Bachmann's speech.
Stop it NACAC.
Be better.
The entire room exploded in cheers as soon as Suh got ejected ...
Happy Thanksgiving!
: Your kind words and spiritual support are an inspiration to us.
but that's gonna make me want it MORE, and want Austin more!!:
lol I do not !
: noticing that looks a lot like demi lovato :O 3
oh I see!
She's awesome, when you start looking for more, would you check out my friend?
:
shot he can have her...she bout as bad as he is now
fun!
Hope your school year goes well.
I don't go back for 2 more weeks
I think your account has been hacked as well.
Might wanna change your password.
Getting ready to play some Ultimate Frisbee at 10 at Westerville's Heritage Park.
All are welcome!
In a meeting falling asleep WakeUp
Honored to be Stu's read of the week!
listening to the Megadeth station I created on Pandora doing web stuffz
Any time.
Any time
Thanks for the shootout!
just taking some crazy pics with my bff at webcamtoy..
ahahha what funny pics ahahahah
Really not sure why Doan got a penalty on that.
Stop complaining...
DO SOMETHING
Lol RT : This is the best WNBA game I've ever seen
Highquality tweets, dude :
Yea we fucked bitch so what
back at ya, Billy!
Have a great new year!
Great day in LA today stoked to wrap it up with some wisdom from this evening at art center
Hope to see you soon!
Congrats on the new car!
Follow back please!?; 3
Dive, leiana and The Better Half at Hard Rock Cafe Philadelphia Official Site.
All ages.
Tickets available for 7 in advance or 10 at...
Thank you SO much Chrissy at for the amazing customer service this morning!!
That awkward moment when they show two penises in the movie.
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true.
John Lilly
Utterly confused.
Seriously need psychic or at the very least, a crazy 8 ball.
who invited you to the twittersphere?
are you doing homework?
haha okay I will 
Yep, I sure did!
There is another Annie everywhere I go : You shoudl come next week.
Remember being taught about the definition of science in school  the idea that science meant physical events could be repeated, confirmed.
Did you know?
always starts writing his books in September.
Nice to meet you too!
Want to know when we reveal it all?
Please sing up www.sofiafellini.com
Looking fairly likely somewhere closeby you and us in WI
Night people ttyl
Yay!
We have one too PlayOn is good for getting current CBS and PBS stuff.
Does a sonic screwdoctorver come with that outfit?
Happy Day of Silence.
yeah, you couldn't see my response to another person who follows me.
It was shocking.
Everybody has that one horrible secret they hide from everyone and when someone makes a comment you think if they only knew ...
Thank you so much for the FF, and back at you.
We hope you have a great weekend as well!
WE WANT TO KNOW: Tell us why you think credit unions are better than big box banks...
Finally sleep!
Finished with web!
You need to pick a side.
Either forgive FSU for being mediocre, or give them credit for removing the head coach responsible.
Maria Sharapova leads 5 2 in the third set against Wozniaki  great third set so far.
New edit computer on the way!
Woo Hoo tax return!
THE FIEND FRAME!
It's So hectic but so worth it.
Thankful for my awesome job where I get to take care of ppl and make bank!
Ballin!
I have a sinking feeling they won't last.
prettylittleliars is seriously off the chain.
LOVE it.
I agree as well but it is dating myself.
I was a wee young'n when they were big lol
Beautiful shots.
What an engaging campaign!
Great Job!
No problem, you can send me your ship to addoctorss in the UK, glad you like my scarves.
I'm getting a great response in NY.
Great to hear Howard is joining WVXU!
egads, now you're just getting loopy.
time to turn that thing in.
I could really use a cocktail.
Sadly, that's not allowed when there's a picc line in your arm.
So nachos it is!
The math lab and writing center are open for business in the UMBC library as of today, 9/13/2011!
Come by for help with your assignments!
Super late, but thanks so much!
Hope you had a great weekend.
wow this made my night!
Police are saying I70 is going to be closed for quite a while because of avalanche control.
Just saw at changs in Brentwood...we are both from the great city
Avg patent wait time is 34 months  going down.
Startups that qualify for fasttrack option wait as little as 12 months.
Good for innovation
Good to see you!
RT : In Canon having a wee nightcap, what a bar.....
great atmosphere and lots of good whiskies :
thanks babygirl!
I've already had a kinda bad day, I'm trying to make it better tho, I love you :
It's why I love when I find a mistake in my training activities.
RT : Perfection is boring.
Just heard No Sleep Till Brooklyn, made me sad.
Motions hair lotion got my head smelling like pussy
Just doctorve the Buckymobile around town to take pics of moving day.
Watch for to send them out.
HILARIOUS!
Flat Bucky had fun!
I bet it happened during the move.
Glad it's a simple fix!
Why thank ya ;
Disco Inferno Jimmy Ellis of the Trammps passed away Thursday at the young age of 74.
Keep on singing and dancing Jimmy.
RIP
perhaps.
but who are the mainstream centrist religious leaders.
where is the compromise in public life?
Does anyone know of any IT job opening...
job needed badly
ha!
I think this means you have trouble following directions.
: A fine quality if you ask me.
Making those music moves.
Starting indie roots rock project.
Heckatight.
I'm not giving up on u noticing me because IAM A JASMINATOR

and of course a huge thanks to our friends for letting us host the Processing workshop at their space.
Thanks!
what are those?
:P
maybe she's mad because she has a large forehead
TheVoice was amazing tonight!
Love and you guys are amazing coaches  can't wait to see who wins!!
lol ella.
We need to get a doctornk together soon.
Im glad all is well.
Im doing good too
How sad, sad, sad.
RIP.
RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
Can't spell Hochevar Strikes out side w/o Hochevar  is trout kiss  ee.
Being ignored  fine
RT : Queen City Underground Tour by American Legacy Tours  Multiple Locations 20 for Walking Tour for Two
Awesome!
RT : National Burger Month has started!
You need to come to to try our doctor Aged Beef Burger for...
I don't wanna leave Virginia :
Let us know when you're thinking of coming in and we'll see if someone can chat ceremony options w/ u.
How many peeps again?

you're a fatass.
Hope to see you soon!
RT : Its early but, I wanna go 2 4 lunch and try out their new menu
I actually like Wreav, he's basically an unfiltered version of Wrex.
Unapologetic and just flat out blunt about what he wants.
thingsigetalot you have such pretty eyes 
I'm interested in working abroad...
I'm a graphic artist, but would teach too.
Any suggestions?!
I'm burnt out.
RT : How Social Media is Replacing Traditional Journalism for Breaking News  See on Scoop.it  The......
Eating at moto tonight.
Bringing CD of pictures for and Chef Roche.
Want to eat Aerogel.
Some of my pics on Moto's FB page!
blown away by TheVoice and the top 4 has been chosen, to include my 1 Favorite Juliet Simms...Congrats everyone ;
This is why we watch and why we love the game.
Never know whats going to happen.
Today's new beginning is all about standing up to the tough conversations
lol Ikr.
You gotta be strong than a mf
Problems are going to come.
How will you respond?
What will ur attitude be?
Trust in God that he loves you, cares  knows.
Count it all joy!
All seeds are 25 off while supplies last at your local Paradigm Gardens
Will not play the 7pm since I am still alive in the 4pm 340
WHY IS CILANTRO SO GOOD!?
it's about god damn time!!!
Who said you can't take on city hall?
Great job guys.
The start of a new week!
Keep it classy America Keep it classy
a very landscapeaware and hungry deer perhaps?
sounds better then a total jerk stealing mums!
Snooki is going to be the cutest mom ever
cain will do anything to get a moment in the spotlight, his ego is as large as the National Debt.
AH, I'm in E gate.
Too bad.
Why is it delayed?
redphonebox for on 14 July, call 08442491000 to find out more
COME ON, Give us 's WEST COAST TIME!
well, I'm watching glee.
I can't wait to see the new video!!
is such an amazing person
Hello, world!
What's happening???!!
watch out for the wind sweeping down the plains.
We should be too big to take offense and too noble to give it.
Abraham Lincoln
Have a GOP ballot?
Be sure to write in for State Treasurer on your ballot!
what you been on boy!
I repeat what I said, only louder.
; 
that was awful!!!
Also, we go hard.
Hard as a mother fu ka.
Good night.
BYE!!!!
Good night!
Peacekeeper.
Call me katniss everdeen!
You slut 1!!
omg so good
Any tickets available still for Solid Gold/Polica Friday 12/9?
because they don't want the tracks to come out
Yes!
win!!!!!
Bring on the devs.
Victory is sweet!
OMG!
I WAS WALKING AROUND THE HOUSE MINDING MY BUSSINESS AND I HEARD MILKSHAKE AND STARTED DANCING HAHA THATS MY SONG!!!!
Just getting used to this but reading feeds from my favs is awesome!!!!!
It's safe to say that Michael Porter has completely lost the fan base now.
There wasn't much there to begin with.
I really want to go to a Keith Urban concert.
They are never too young to learn about the NYT : Palin bullt to a NYT reporter childoctorn aroundmaybe including your own?
I hate people who CONSTANTLY make excuses..
Thats a bad habit I tell ya!
Just finished up a review of Visual Studio 2010 and the new integrated database tools that make the DBA's life much easier.
Check it out!
DUDE!!
That's hot.
I'll get us some for our matching jackets.
They'll be all over us!!!
Zombie movies are everything to me.
I have a weird obsession with cupcakes...
No matter how you say it: seconded.
So happy that you enjoyed your meal : Thanks for coming in!
For members of the media: if you're interested in getting a perspective on Native topics for a story, please let us know!
how about loser goes on a date with me?
: i will comfort you LOL
Ah!
Unauthorized sequel!
Thanks!
I submitted it live in front of my iOS class as a learning activity.
I wish I had a voice like Jessica Sanchez..
..
Wes Saunders.
The man, the myth, the legend of Zelda.
Lol.
Coffee  Zyrtec  The Mix Up on has got me going this Friday
Eating is really an indoor sport.
You play three times a day, and it's well worth while to make the game as pleasant as possible.
Maybe I should try and get atleast a little tan, since this is the last day an all.
Thank you friends for coming to the markets this past week.
We will see you  Tivoli Village Las Vegas for Taste  Toast Thursdays 58pm
Bad joke.
You spoke of a relationship with food like an interpersonal one and I made a break up joke.
But clearly dumb.
;
I didn't try out but my bro Eddie did he said it was great wachbattle field America check it out on YouTube he's the one who says ha we won
Tim Dillard, the cab is here to take you to triple A.
alliestarter Hi, my name is Allie.
I've made some terrible choices in my life, like going to graduate school.
Oops, mixing up accounts.: That'd be cool:
I love the smell of freshly cut grass
Rangers in 6.
RT : I'm a little late on this, but I need some ECF predictions tweeps!
Because running isn't something you're supposed to KEEP DOING.
Give it a rest already.
Subscribe to Burrito World.
My back issues of are on the way!
Now to get enough work out of the way so I can enjoy them when they arrive...
MAD AT THE WORLD!!!!!
There is a doctorg that makes u orgasm when u yawn
Take a hint.
woot woot I'm in then!!
we're building the platform
i just can't do it anymore.
Fake it until you make it.
Advice for women on getting some of that bs juice that male entrepreneurs have.
From at Kapor Capital.
why what happend r u ok
Good morning.
It's all good
you're such a star!!!
anybody have an art studio for rent cheap?
Im Bout To Go To Sleep
haha you too !!
I was actually somewhat upset I missed out on those shots at LaHa..
but unfortunately, I was doctorving  lol
The Check it Transformation event w sounds hot but so is this SFSaints game.
Geaux Saints!
Is there an after party?
OH: hey, Soriano!
Need your Hoverround?
STILL FULL
sorry, I heard it secondhand.
I'll see what I can find.
with deep pockets!!!
btw people can someone just sing me to sleep already?
it's 9 am and i haven't slept in like 22 hours so.
i'm hungry and tired and ugh
want to change up your strength training routine?
Try supersets to really burn the muscles.
Sound Check: Buckroe Beach Reggae Fest returns Saturday with Nature39;s Child, Bambu Station
Got home about an hour ago climbed into bed nd 5 mins later my alarm goes off for school...FML lol
lol maybe my aunt talkin bout i need 2 get them done
In 8th grade I'd have 7 or 8 aim chat tabs at once.
Now I can count those who text me on one hand.
I know!!!
She had them on all afternoon!!!
eat regularly  don't skip meals.
not only is skipping meals unhealthy, it often leads to binge eating
I stopped believing for a little while this morning.
Journey is gonna be pissed when they find out.
how was American reunion?
Just know if you Mistakenly cut line in the Apple store in NYC people are not forgiving
time to make change happen.
Ugh i need to stop being so depressed
Congrats on winning Top 25 TSMA!!!!
Wasn't going to budge from my offer of 9 years/ 213 million.
Sorry Oriole fans.
has brought me back to Twitter.
At mellow mushroom getting weird looks for the ashes I forgot to take off my forehead.
Follow a PLEASE :
So one LA team starts a game 7 at 7:45 pm their time the night before another one plays a game 7 at 10 am.
Okay, NBA.
I could go for some authentic shawarma.
That is one thing sorely lacking in Rochester.
Man I can't wait to get some more tats!!!
She introduced the guy with her band who sang it as the one who did the singing voice of Clooney in the movie.
Yeah, that's true.
But it's Rickie Weeks, that K rates not going anywhere!
I love the colors!
And it's all recycled!
My dad is gonna flip when he finds out Carroll Shelby died....
Lady T
Yo did u see Wah episode was yesterday
if i personally knew you we'd be best friends.
i know it
so just asked me if he needing to take invitation to wedding.
Please get someone to stamp his hand.
oh cant wait to see this
BBC: Data suggests that this type of earthquake has not triggered the type of tsunami seen 8 years ago........
I lost ALL my identity  financial information.
A stranger, , called to return them.
Need an honest marketer:
go away:
Did anyone else know The Darkness was back on tour?
Weird...
a rainy sundayblah
hey hey mister.
nation, thanks for the love.
Sounds like an aggraaggragator, which could become aggravating if you say it too quickly.
You say pop cause you're from the north ; haha
Ah yes, completely misread your tweet.
In that case its Nivea.
Break a leg today !
Get your movement on!
today and I was like, THAT'S RIGHT.
PRAISE ME.
Gasol just lost his manhood to Serge Iboka.
Globe Gossip girl, Meredith Goldstein is coming up next...
Congrats on all that!
Great changes in sight.
:
: Slow down to speed up.
Just a little something I'm chewing on right now.
Done.
I see is our leader.
Seriously stop labeling films pretentious.
It's vacuous, and contains no actual meaning.
We don't make films we think aren't important.
Thanks for the retweet :
Did you know that of is speaking at TribeCon?
Want to see him?
Be there and grab your tickets now!
lol I win
Will b Bck after 3 dis is my key to graduation
RT : S/o to TeamUET go support that new music!!!

those women are the ones who will end up with shitty marriages  being miserable the rest of their lives.
My parents used to be happy when I took naps but now they think Im lazy.
i don't have my phone with me, but it's 6158186084
What ever happened to Sizzler's
what do you have going on?
r you doing shows?
We wouldn't want to feel left out.
Almost time for some classic bachelorpad commentary from
Bear's Place specials tonight: 5 pitchers of Miller Light, Coors Light and Skip  Go Naked.
Also, try and Ice Cream doctornk for only 4
it is a decent salary for New Yorkers
all we got is leftovers!
No me gusta :l
Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Socrates
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living; the world owes you nothing; it was here first  M.
Twain
Working on a corporate wellness project for a company who actually wants it's employees to be healthy:.
Love Lust both intertwine with each other, but which ones the right one?
This weekend will be full of
Thanks for the submission to the unifygallery!
Watch here for updates on when the new ones go up.
have fun!
RT.
Happy
My sister is such a snitch..
Always getting me in trouble and shit 
Time to study...then sleep...work at 6am tmister!!!
Happy mothers day
RT The cynical politics vs.
conviction argument on Obama's gay marriage stance is a classic false dichotomy.
Targacept received notice of termination of collaboration with AstraZeneca
ACS staff share about job successes after poweringthepossible training for our clients
Taking the week off to prep questions for the allstar panel at the
What a busy weekend!
So much fun, so many dogs!
Need a pet sitter/dog walker?
Visit www.lepooch.net today.
We are filling up fast!
Gone2range by fire department academy on state road in philadelphia I should be there round 10,10:30
So happy you found it!
Nice to meet you here on Twitter!
tryna get this school shit str8 so i can get my cosmetology license under my belt so i can go ahead and start my own business
Do you still have my phone number?
tried it, loved it.
:
We are!
We'll be up for the opening...
get at us on Facebook and we'll chat up the details.
Kelly Clarkson looks fabulous!
Words
I swear turn 2 you is amazing is so lucky 2 have a son like Justin he Is soo sweet  loves pattie soo much!!
:D 3
grace : yours?
Juliet Simms to win the voice
yup, you are correct.
you really only have 1 blog though, then different cats on that one blog.
tags too if you want
Riding weather yet I still can't ride my bike :
People, take a minute to give one of our own a Birthday shoutout  Happy Birthday Rohan / !
Loving the fact that closed a L'Enfant entrance with no info on where to get the shuttle.
Zayn is my prince .
':
Panel discussion on the Role of the Critic: Ralf Winter, Charlie Nelson, Elvis Mitchell
Touchez, Casey Anthony...
but did you also win the Heisman, rush for 11,236 yards and star in The Naked Gun?
Nah, didn't think so.
This still hurts, i cant imagine what texas ranger fans went through this past season.
doctor rubs are fun.
That's a great feeling!!
A lot of people don't feel that way about their colleagues.
Wildcat is bout to run wild again tonight.
Meeting today with  today to at the new World Class Events facility!
Anyone want to host an event or party!?
Okay back to these graphics!
This is what i does!!!!
virgindiariessome of the nastiest kisses I have ever seen....
I never learn my lesson lol
Oh, I love Jack!
that be some animal style with quezo
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
I will definitely check out your site...thanks!
Follow back :
the cranky egg apologized.
his last tweet to you says sorry man.
hmm...bipolar mullet hater?!
or awful if blackout rules prevents people from seeing national game; stay on Sat night so I can watch via package
I hate how I care for people when they're even the slightest bit down.
Come To Walk For Hunger Tomorrow  11:30 To See , ,  Perform  Cambridge Boat House:
Recovering from a shit show
Hey Tim, it's great to connect, i think you're a fantastic actor.
LA is wonderful thanks, I'm loving it here!
looking for office space right next to Old Town stop by 407 Rio Grande ABQ or call 5054801602
Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up
bro i got a message from him today and it threw me so off guard i started crying.
This whole conversation just tells me that I'm terrible in bed!
Mayor Adoctoran Fenty: education reform in the District was his proudest accomplishment.
please follow me :D 26
Freedom is not free!
We have to remember those men and women sacrificing their lives for us!
Thank The Lord for waking me up this morning
Have any of you done Eloqua's training?
Recommend it?
Sad game last night...keep ur chins up!
Next week will be better, won't it?
Will be jolly'ing it up around Launch Pad today?
Better visit our prelax popup shop and find out!
Nice font!
I will be your demise!
know my name and fear it.
War of 1812 Celebration will involve Blue Angels flying over the city and war ships in the harbor to your...
Starts in June!
that's the way I think of it, eventually the time put in will make it better for me later!
:
With 70 of votes counted, Walker has more votes than all Dems combined in 41 counties, while Dems have 29.
Not all babies use pacifiers.
If baby just isnt that much of a sucker, may not need to be soothed by sucking on pacifier at all.
my heart and ability to forgive.
we're neighbors!
likewise, glad we're in touch.
i might DM you soon  i have a question about your industry.
xx
RT 2011 Jewish Educator Award recipients, w/ Lowell , 's Gil Graff  Richard Sandler
Have it on my phone, but haven't played it yet.
Let me know if you want to play!
Hypocrisy, thy name is Mark Sanford!
What sleazebags these married selfrighteous, sanctimonious politicos are!
Melina Abdullah:Dead Prez, living in a police state.
Hip hop and community organizing are twin modes of response.
So Funny Shelby believes her name is princess.
Just ask her :
I couldn't either cuz gimli never came back lol.
but apparently my subconscious knows the entire 'blow the horn' speech...
Setting up plans for a Comedy Documentary I'll be filming in the very near future.
Who would have thought it'd be so bloody complicated.
Multiple Allowed, Earn 2 daily, matured in 75 day and every 4 positions matured
fridayreads In honor of my bday taco crawl, I'm reading about how my fave food is taking over the country in TACO USA.
Tacos, anyone?
M
how were gymclassheros?
c:
Very much worth the tweet.
It's a slow tweet day.
An honor RT I don't usually do this, but here goes.
FF Team OC:
We will be increasing our fleet in the upcoming weeks...
Thought you might be interested but some friends and I are going on a ghost hunt at that asylm in Seattle that TAPS went to
I'm looking at all the work I have to finish.
Can't even concentrate!
Just keep thinking about among others
Of course, the one night I'm actually in Hampden!
We'll be at the Dizz around 7:30 if you're interested.
haha that'd be funny!
im not being shy about it and wow
Will I ever stop coughing?
Iive in LA , you should come visit over here !
;D
of course i want too
Lots of memorizing and practicing to do tonight, without feeling overrehearsed.
What is your favorite way to memorize presentations?
No school tomorrow
Standing armies are a threat to out republic.
Thomas Jefferson knew it.
Too bad Obama doesn't get it...
mister Peace candidate...
of course, especially with up to 12 new snow forecast soon.
Btw, love the milk!
Say moo to Brent for us
is the most amazing man I know!
I like your professorle pic, very professorssional!
doctorpping the kids off at the pool.
nothing like a good 70's bush
Good morning, Chicago!
Did you know we're giving away 1,000 in FREE rent?
Ask us how you can get in on it.
;
thanks, Chubs haha.
OMG PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME
dsoc twitter handle is
found someone to sew the hem tags on!
and the Art Star Craft Bazaar is only 9 days away.
Listening to Red Bull, Southwest Airlines, and QuickTrip's sponsorship leaders.
Music editor is talking summer music right now on Seattle Sounds, 97.3 KIRO FM
Hey brother we sent you beats in the past and now you're in Miami.
We'll be out there tonight with ya catching your set!
Stuck inside today until my parking lot is plowed.
Looks like I will be unpacking the rest of my boxes from my move...
Which was last year
LOL it seems so obvious doesn't it?
RT :I'm pretty sure my manhood is dependent on whether or not I can take all the groceries from the car to the house in 1 trip
Go Packers!
the new site rocks.
Haha naw the one he put up was good
follow me on gif boom natalieeerose ill follow back :
like the moon
seems like he has been gone longer than normal.
How does a Marathon Triathlon /or Cycling sound this morning!?
Register for our upcoming fall events now!
You won't regret it!
I can see my house from here.
...and don't think he realizes it : Many women today fall in love with a man's   confuses it for his heart..
The measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy
I'm hiking today.
Glad to see you're so popular on twitter, Mark.
Keep up the good work.
We're happy to be publishing WHAT BEAUTY in March
Lmao!
No sir!
Not at all!!!
Please bring it tomorrow and then I'll leave u for ever!
Had great show last night!
Thanks so much for all the love!
Just sitting here watching her waiting for da best day of her dam life.
Yes sir
yeah he pounds on my dad!!
rule.
They just do.
If you live in the MidAtlantic and are all about Apple and Mac stuff, they're all that  a bag 'o chips.
Any musicians out there?
Finding a good site that allows you not only to share your music, but has a build in community, is very important.
Is it me...
or does today seem super long?
Icing my face with a bag of frozen corn while singing: nothing's fine I'm corn...
: I don't get how someone can just wake up one day and all of their feelings for someone are gone.
I've unofficially decided to call it a wrap here.
Next!
If Barbie were lifesize, her measurements would be 392333.
She would stand seven feet, two inches tall.
Wow that just killed myself image
I JUST SCREAMED LOLL!
well montreal is waiting for you boys3
Sign up for Voice of McDonalds
Working on Leadership: The Master Plan with Bob in our Southern Office.
: It is not the No.
of friends you have but how much you talkwith them  them with youseveral RTs R better than 7000 followers
We ALWAYS welcome ammo RT: Filed story on Lott IMPACT Trophy luncheon.
Big Ten fans I have some ammo for you to smack the SEC with
Jim Hughson is the gold standard for hockey announcers.
is my girl : let's twerk it up all day today
Del Fuegos at flashback sure had some fun in the 80s  and now for that matter
I love BBCs Sherlock Holmes ...
Not sure why I never watched it before.
I have heard it all now.
: makes me want a baby....
Ready to be a Dad
Feeling is mutual!
RT : Nice to meet you and hear Matt Howard and speak today!
At the library, hoping to find a place to live till I can get a job.
Hope and Change bastard!
Screw you!
i'm firewall!
Wow you are rockin the great buys!
Love it!
Two more weeks and i can actually cut contact between us c:
I just saw myself in the documentary!
For like a second!
Ha!
Hi yep your totally right
How is identity a matter of life or death for many of our barrio youth?
Yep, it's for real.
Revolutionary Cleaning successfully removes obstructions and blockages to help your home doctorer work more efficiently,
They don't call us stepchildoctorn for nothing :
I DON'T GIV A FUCK ABOUT DISSING THESE FOOLS, CUZ' THEY ALL SCARED OF THE ICE CUBEICE CUBETHE NIGGA U' LOVE 2 HATE
with 5 childoctorn adopted from foster homes, we face those tough questions often, especially since most are now grown
Should've hired a lawyer?
can you just give us each a ticket?
And if we both show up, we both show up?
I guess I can call him.
How do you not love it when KG knocks down a big shot and goes cussing all the way back down the court?
use of adderall with college students is big now.
A lot of info out there, not sure if that's what you're looking for
I never thought my advisor would become a viral sensation.
nevermind...found it!
Great job Lincoln!
Looks great.
I think EVERYone should have a mood ring
Sounds like a perfect celebration...I'll do this on Lake DuBay!
he is, though he doesn't go outside so he enjoys it through the screens.
And to you as well!
Follow your passion, there is dignity in all work, nothing is random.
Yay!
the fact that make it or break it completely over 
Happy birthday :
Gm text from him : !!!
Gm tweeps
sure.
We will let know and he will be getting in touch with you
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
Spread the love EVERYDAY ;
There are times when I love my job  times it annoys the hell out of me, because it keeps me from writing.
Still editing.
Page 145 of 277.
Ima wear my apron a la Juanita, I think.
Step one: Buy an apron.
I would like some more information please, getting ready to launch new site for internet marketing pros
Damn girl every updated picture better than the last.
Waiting for your presence on my show.
Did you like my work?
any hints for us layfolk?
My cousin made them  I had leftover glaze from the coffee cake for Mothers' Day brunch.
Of course deserves a spot in the
Uhh no my flight from Portland was 2 hours delayed so I missed my connection, had to wait 3 hours in the airport
Just figured out that flickr only displays 90 seconds of video uploads.
Crap.
I was really liking using them.
Now they are out.
Thanks for the RT, Coach:
context: we were talking about footwear.
Geeze.
If you want more hits, blow something up or use nudity.
Yea, Jefferson Lies is by a pseudohistorian and inaccurate.
has an ebook coming out soon countering it.
Lmao This Nigga Said I Need To Grow Up.
HAHA StopIt!
Nigga You Don't Even Know Me.
Fact Girls say Suck My Dick more than boys do.
Happy Birthday to you!!
Welcome to the 30 Club!!!
Having daddy heart in stepdad bodywouldn't wish it on worst enemy but wouldn't miss it 4 world if it meant not knowing my little girl.
30 days to Texas RoundUp and a step toward a healthier lifestyle!
Family Mile or 5K.
Join us for this Austin classic on April 28....
anytime before 10am or in the evening, glad you're thinking big!
okay ill try and help you best I can!
your the one dating Louis Tomlinson?
Your beautiful:
Lady Gaga!
I'm tired of typing The Edge of Glory on YouTube!!
For the love of flippin Gaga!!
Some guests prefer cool and some need extra warmth, be sure and have a spare blanket 4 them
everybody loves a Wisconsin girl!
Hey Evanna my cat Abby can do amazing Puss in boots eyes i will send them to you tomorow.
Night NightXx
I wanna be his girl someday .
3
Is having a healthy museum good for the community?
Better ?: how does a museum support quality of life in a community?
Ah!
The package is in New Stanton, PA...come on package, you're so close!!
I'm back to being amused by these kids as they annoy the guy next to me.
Whew, ME3 was serious.
Darn good ending.
I guess there are six others to experience.
I'm down.
This week's BiWeekly User Group featuring WCMS Features Overview will be held Friday, April 13, from 1p.m.
2 p.m.!
Hanging 10' tall ceiling pendants today!
And huge art!
This home is starting its weekend early!
Mom: I think molasses is slower than you.
I want to meet She's seems really nice and cool.
:
4 flights of stairs to get to the 3rd floor?
We hope you had a great night!
StGermain  Champagne is a winning combo!
Sant!
ADIDAS!!!
ADIDAS!!!
ADIDAS!!!
WE HAVE THE HOTTEST LATEST STYLES COME SHOP WITH US AND GET THE GEAR HERE TO MATCH!!!!
4443 CANE RUN RD
Exactly!
I think we are all a little bit.
; 
Facebook is really just a museum of failed relationships.
what sign looks luckiest to win?
checking on it.
Another crazy workout this morning.
Feeling the endorphins flowing!!
Warren Buffet has all the respect from me in the world now.
Stop Coddling the SuperRich
are you sure you get it?
do you?
ya a bit doctorwn out, easy go to line when busy though, lol.
i wish!
but i gotta get back to work..i am coming for your big day though, only for your day can you believe it??
Happy MF Friday for me!
Bakersfield starts on a 80 run to begin Q3 and now lead 4944
Pregame Speech number 3 is up.
Except tonight will not be a Miracle.
We are going to do exactly what we know we are capable of.
JUST BOUGHT THE BEST SEATS TO SEE IN CONCERT FOR 2O13 !
OMGGOSHH 3333333
I have 2 bird nests in my backyard awning, its pick up the dead baby bird time of year.
I'm sorry that everyone is so jealous of you...but you can't help it that you're so popular.
whats the difference between peanut butter and jam
The 24th is coming up soon!
Still finalizing camps..
3 new camps scheduled today!
Thanks!
Love your flow.
Diggin' Poetry in March!
Where you guys at?
Don't forget us :
whatd you do now ??
Losing at the Isles, being a lil too aggressive
they say dat the world is gonna end
Your desired leadership qualities: Empathy, financial common sense, approachability,  strategic thinking.
Thank you for the input tweeps!
that got cancelled too, and I was supposed to go to six flags great adventure today but that was cancelled!
i'm starting to see a pattern
Daily Special, Mon 04/02/12  Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes  white pepper gravy, corn, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09 RT
But of course!
Reading about your One Woman show has inspired me to write my own!
Thank you!!
evan turner what what
Just watched The Letting Go episode of PP.
You made this grown ass man cry at a TV show, which I don't do.
Whew!
Brilliant
Oh, that must have been so much fun!
I am jealous of both of you.
Can u act?
people used to think it prevented implantation.
Scientific data doesn't support that.
Learn biology stray.
do u do videos?
no one in this world knows me the way u do.
hate how much3 boy cant stand how much I need u
What time does the prsa event this morning actually start?
Congratulations to 2012 graduates: Tiffany, Jeremy, Rachel, Alaina, Alex, Sammi, Amy  Kent.
Good luck!
at least Damion at pro dept was super cool today 3
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
Can someone explain this pintrest  thing??
Apparently I'm not hip...
professoris asking for input on her pedagogy...
lol, well danm, you really had no choice, im sorry u had to run into a unfaithful ass nigga like me, AND THEN fell in love
Boehner bored, irritated, contemptuous and parched.
39;Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 MiniPro BLACK Andoctorid ...
take me with you!!!!
So addicted to doctor Pepper.
I went through iFile and the icon is in there, and I also had the same exact problem with BlackHaz3.
Eww.
RT Every time that song Kiss Me by Sixpence None the Richer plays, a chunk of my penis falls off.
Thanks for all the shout outs!
Who is the soloist on this version of the Rachmaninoff 3rd?
I like ISTE NETS.
We have adapted this rubric that we foundevidence of learning in the 21st c.
classroom.
will find link.
hey bud
RT Having to ring the house phone when your in bed because someone down stairs is listening to some opera music proper ...
It depends on the height from which you jump.
I just wanna runaway from all this shit bro.
footloose :D
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, For the LORD your God is the one who goes with you to fight for you against your enemies to give...
I have seen and collected some of your work :.
Nice stuff.
And from
you're hilarious beautiful and caring.
You have it all.
I love your show btw :
i love mfg bt when i have stuff mfg dont support me
why u in the hospital
not fatigued but I have been pacing myself as I want to be fully conscious at all times
Primary election day in Wisconsin.
Just put I voted sticker over front doorbell.
If only there were an equivalent for our home phone.
We stopped at a Doublebee's gas station just outside of Little Rock and the van next to us is full of ferrets...
Feels cheesy like that commercial..
I volunteer blank something.
Lebron dunk was better than the flip!It was to sick yo!
Starbucks is the only place in Fillmore, CA where one can buy the WSJ...and the barista says I'm the only one who buys it
The key was simple,it's who u really r..
Ha!
I love it!
RT Is tonight the night THE follows me?!
After a year will it finally come true?!
I hope...3
Half: Dallas 26Southwestern 20.
Getting stops on D.
Must work INSIDE/out on O.
Take advantage of them playing behind in post!
RT : Landed in Vegas, ready to hit the circuit Vegas REPRESENT WELL!
Hunger Games was awesome!!
Quvon's always talking shit.
About me.
Girl ik how much u really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need u
Ready to talk ebooks in Deanza Three.
DIY hack uses Google Calendar to automate home heating system  Engadget
Ready for breakfast
DC: Ward 5 we need THOMAS to represent!
GRAY/BROWN/THOMAS.....LEADERS!!
Tight Santorum...please CNN, keep repeating this.
good morning jig
Don't wanna go to school
oh do you want the twitter bg white?
haha
NHL: Firstround preview: Rangers versus Senators Don't go to sleep on this RangersSens series.
It's going to be a great one.
Seahawks sign Frank Omiyale or as Bears fans lovingly referred to him Gate 68.
So, uh, good for adding depth!
when you dont have a iphone and hit 160 characters on the dot 
Today's Google doodle is so pretty!
No surprise.
Joe Maddon with a class gesture.
He's the best.
mister farner was my summer school teacher back in the day and she had some sick whips, ya I use to be dumb
Thanks for coming to our class!
Very sad, very enlightening.
Tell Addie, thanks, also.
Great entrepreneurs are heatseeking missiles: Always scanning the horizon for the target.
one more hour and im off!
Passing notes is so elementary school really people this is college lol yall make me laugh
Why cant I have one fucking good day...
Like Nd I'll Hit You Up?
that's just the Dark Lord being himself, welcome to the Dark side
I think Richard Marx is sleeping in this McDonalds.
apparently you've never been to Polyclinic Broadway.
Ihave no idea wtf im doing on here.
:D lost lmfao
Aw man, i gotta check in my savings but all my moneys in my checkings.
i got you but it might take too long
Sarah morning....miss you :
Great call by the home plate ump.
Humber deserves it after that performance.
come on, very few are heading to the exits.
Take it easy on the O's.
We heard great things about the Mountain View Mayhem team, nice job guys!
But you guys are going to be so close to us next week!
Just add a couple days and doctorve north.
;
and every person's threshold is different.
what might be trauma to one person might be a tuesday to another.
Holy shit all time low is coming to miami!!!
MOM!
Tonight's Foreign Film  VITUS at 7:30pm.
This is one of the better films I've seen in the last few years...Don't miss it!
hahaha i suppose so :P
Stop coming into my room and talking to me.
You're so annoying I cannot even handle
mining the files for data for the taxpersons.
oh joy.
Btw...
have you applied for fitfluential?
I think you would be a great addition!
Kickin this saturday off right
Finally catching up with the Bill Clinton documentary on PBS.
I'd forgotten that in 1993 I had a crush on Dee Dee Myers.
samm text me!
ur number got erased out of my phone wen i got a new one.
Only if you can get your sodas by pitching a strike with a rolled up sock.
just say SARAH and ROBERT just say
sleepy and whiney babies could make very effective interrogators
I heard you can get addicted to that stuff.
I guess it does something to your nose to make you keep using it.
I'm ok.
Managing...
you?
Acupuncture office  herbal pharmacy now accepting credit cards!
we hope you two are having a wonderful time!
Wish her a very Happy Birthday from us!
Gender and religious intolerance.
Very provocative and legalese at the same time.
Its going to be a night full of Laughs!
See you there!
:
LAMHarvard The job is encouraging use.
Great question.
Until we see their plan 4 moving forward/next season, it's a mute point.
Balls in their court, again.
South Cali Represent.
Forever Me.
Adios to my true friend one day I'll be out of this bullshit but until then Adios I say.
will a vitamix change my smoothie loving life?
Update  Playing  Trinity Church on Jackson Avenue in N.O.
with my dad tonight 9pm!
hi Thomas  Thank you for always inspiring me so much!
I Love you without you I wouldn't be who I am today so thanks!
the thought of coffee woke me up :P
You need to take some of that medicine!
Not going to lie  I don't really want to go to a StackOverflow meetup tomorrow that's 19 men and 1 woman.
Depends what you consider 'doing', but Boston is pretty small.
I'm traveling a bit in Junewhat dates were you thinking?
thanks for the follow michelle
With Pep stepping down Aron Winter is SERIOUSLY concerned about his job.
keep tweeting lil bird....
Being the boss is treating you well!
eww homework lol.
Where are you from?
:
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep.
See you all tomorrow.
:
Live your life in balance and stop trying to say what folks say you should be.
So this hoe , outta nowhere she messages me telling me to go over .
WTF?
I don't even know you.
And i'm taken 3 bye!
.t
In just over two months I'll be chilling by the bay in San Francisco!!
You have no idea how excited I am!!
As Joe Paterno laid in his hospital bed dying, Newt Gingrich paid him a visit to let him know that he was now a fan of Ohio State.
19 more school days until summer !
Countingdown everyday now!
:
Listening to a guy tell the pilot of this flight that he's not planning on turning off his portable device.
I like your name
Hi Suzy..glad to see u join twitter!
great nite at PinkSlip mixer in Danville.
Give a shout out to
Ferret sitting for a friend this week.
The slinky of the animal kingdom!
Although she'll never admit it, I think my cat's made a new friend.
Its been so much fun in Hartford this weekend.
If anybody has any great pictures from the SpringHomeShow send them on over!
I have a lot to say, it is just that most of it is spectacular and astounding!!
: My prayers are with you Japan god blees those family of lost ones I know your sad
Overslept by two hours this morning.
Joined the A.M.
newscast in progress.
This is going to be a great day, isn't it?
I know I haven't see you for a while...
Does that mean I'm out of the
RT Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.Robert Brault
It's FirstFriday.
Come to and hang out to the sounds of DJ LadyFingers.
Tiered of talking cause y'all aint listening
Where there is peace, there is wisdom.
Heading to Philly this weekend.
How is the bikeshare out there?
it was a bust week, I get it!
Rest up!
i don't know cause the clock on my computer is set to LA time
Wendell Willkie The constitution does not provide for first and second class citizens.
is MALLET easy or hard to use?
Tough life, eh?
; RT : Groan Still stuffed from a great lunch today.
Next up?
Sweet treats !
I wanna try some new recipes for hot wings
Still no replay on the Jenkins 3pt foul?
Easily the worst call I've never gotten a 2nd look at.
How was the Refectory?
Imagine Austin briefing concludes.
addoctorss please :
Just wrapped successful run of V.
Room.
Great experience with wonderful people both onstage and backstage!!!
31,007 at Marlins park tonight.
Lord I pray my brother makes it home safely and sound.
Lmfao my dad looks like a true Cv, he has on flip flops and a T with a Cv flag
: UNBELIEVABLE.
Ten man QPR take the lead.
No way.
SurvivalSunday Love it!!!
Amazing night went out to dinner with 30 of my family members for my grams 81st birthday now time for bleach then bed 3
has lice.
Slut: I'm gonna fk that nerd!
Nerd: You spelled wait..what?!
Go to Greenpoint in Brookyn and get some awesome Polish food...
pierogi or golombki.
skejidea Any recommendations out there?
just to remind everyone that the Power game is on uStream tonight
They went away for a reason.
I promise.
No one can savehackler if he dares to walk in tomorrow in a green 15 jersey.
No place on my team for that!
I will.
Haven't been there in almost 20 years.
:D
Off to see The Elephant Man for the 1st time  I can now call myself a true theatre studies major.
Damn that's how u feel...
I'm older than u
Nothing worse than Aggies fans!
So annoyed...
doctornk your doctornk and relax.
Lmao don't act like you didn't resign though :p
'morning all.
I just spent two hours editing /bin/pom.xml rather than /pom.xml  b/c I used the IDE's file finder.
definitely come to Honolulu for a visit.
We could use a good BB party here.
fridayfollow is so easy this week: My friend and newbie , my new friend , and mister Smooth
: Lol having too much fun today.
yes lol
glad for RGIII but not happy for my DallasCowboys having to play him
Pumped up for tomorrow.
Ladies Free All Night!!
UNION Dubai Tonight
whatever I knew you'd stand me up.
Have fun In Texas lol
MT : we watched the interrupters.
After seeing it I look up to she is a great mentor doing an AWESOME JOB
The year 2000 was that year for NO music
Watched Sleepover for the 50th x it seems!
Very relatable to my age : My friend  I are still obsessing over the curly hair!
whoops, did do booker, forgot to add that...
Preshow Happiness is a warm gun and Bulldog proves of Montreal has their priorities in the right place.
I can't hang anymore.
ImGettingOld.
:
Letty's babysitter used to be Buffy SanteMarie's bodyguard.
I unhacked it myself, but thanks
Today is WineWednesday!
Take 10 off all bottles, all night  even during happy hour!
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I dont think about them, I just do them.
The decision has already been made.
Patti Sue Plumer,...
me too : I swear, if I ever come to America, I'm gonna meet you, then we can go see him.
second, suppose that we perform a hypothesis test and fail to reject Ho.
What have we learned?
M popsicle!
I haven't had one since I was young.
Reminds me of summer :
That doesnt sound good...
o.O
Thank You sir
Super quick road trip to Chicago.
Zoom, zoom!
Wiz Khalifa show sounding like its going hammer tonight.
What does everybody think about our video?
The spring season of trivia is starting at my bar.
Team name ideas tweeps?
Good Afternoon.
How are you?
Proposed policy in New York would now require people to provide proof they are homeless in order to stay in the shelter....
ATLANTIC SALMON eggplant puree, seared greens, feta and sundoctored tomato doctorssing
Happy New Years!!!
haha!
Thanks for the advice bub!
Evening Jazz ONAIR Now til 1am ET.
Sheila Anderson cohosting.
We're raising CASH FOR JAZZ on Jazz 88 
piersmorgan Watch and his Foodoctorvolution at 8pm on ABC  important show.
looks like Oscar will have some roommates.
Good Morning people
im sick dude :
62 days between tweets.
You can do better Jessica!
:
Ouch, those were some expensive flowers.
This had better buy me some major longterm grief relief.
Just got home...let me get the kids to bed  then I'll send some very rough doctorfts your way.
young matthew I would love to!!
: When u pour cereal into your bowl and open your fridge to no milk!!
Grrrr!Dizzam!
see you at work later looking hungry
Great workout tonight  love !
RT FRI MAY 25TH ITS THE ADIDAS PARTY  THE GALLERY LOUNGE IN THE BX FT N MORE DJAYING B
: I took my dog to the Vet today for a checkup.
He's still a dog.
Shout out to in 's social media for B2B presentation.
Thanks Bryan!
i feel like dying on my computer desk...dont judge me im tired
If you are looking for some amazing art, please check out our friends at www.wallartdecorstore.com.
Eye Catching!
oh ok
Ugh, this Taylor Swift song can't end soon enough.
Love ya Sami!
:
Ha!
I can't wait to share that quote with my fellow coworkers.
RT : FF 2R AMAZING coaches and more to come!!!
We need to all get together in 1 year.
Beirut?
Malta?
Cyprus?
were getting a guy named Stewie.
RT if we need both inventors and entrepreneurs to bring forth innovation, we need better matchmaking True
I don't need all the lovey dovey bullshit.
I need something real.
So...
What is your basis for truth?
For it to be a valid basis of truth, doesn't it have to be true no matter what...
not situational??
Just had some really good BBQ for lunch at Branding Iron BBQ in Harrisonville.
Definitely get the Pit Beans!
i love 3
i was like 10minutes late for it, I tried to do playback but the option wasnt there :' fuuuuuuck
Introduced some community docents to storytelling.
Had a library show no one showed for.
Attended a great Wellness Forum in Long Beach.
FUN!
Doing a chemistry lab with and
TheresNoExcuseFor you to hate me when your dont even know me!
It's just mean okay..
Playing the tower bar tonight, in duo with Gordon Bash.
7:30.
The strongest tremor in Japan today occurred in Ibaraki during my farewell party...
felt right.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Pittsburgh!
Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Yes, yes I am recording the KCA's just to see   
Want sum bdubs
think I finally went to bed at 4am.
I'm usually getting up at that time.
Dumb ass 3
I would like to strangle IE with ties
I know it was a long shot but I would've liked Barron on the Pack
Red eyes and three feet tall, eh?
So I feel off a bridge into the mud today.
I really want some mint chocolate chip ice cream right about now!
guess so.
I live in tn.
They've always been My fav team.
One of the more traditional teams
My Tumblr right now, it is just.....
dirty.
It was a brief but incredible 3 seconds of my life haha
your welcome!
I should work for
If you jump I will jump too, we will fall together, from the buildings ledge never looking back at what we've done.
stand living near a big natural gas stinker like that.
I'd have a constant headache.
I seriously hope there were nohouses near
see u soon!
Weh u deh?
1/2 of our new album is written and the demos are done.
We are getting amped to record this one.
That's a beautiful picture!!
you , sir , are a sad cunt .
I may have questions...
's mention of your model has me very intrigued!
I may want to help out...
I love how GOPers complain Obama does TV shows.
Never heard them complain when Nixon said Here comes the judge on Laugh In.
Love the hair!
2 be honest I knew all along...
I want so bad to please Him that I'm like a bloodhound I will go hard  then keep going Continued next tweet
You'll do great!
Break a leg and Good Luck with the Presentation.
Turn on your charm and you will woo the crowd :
offering up great Wednesday night specials: 2 UCall it Well doctornks, 8 Lg Pitchers of Sam Adams and 1.50 Bottles of PBR
omg doctorving is scary
I feel like im just gonna waste my time again, that's how it always goes, I only hope that you can be the first to prove me wrong.
The the library as kitchen metaphor at ebooksummit was from Aaron Schmidt on the Ebooks and the Lib User X panel
TOUCHDOWN YEA YEA WE WAS PLAYIN NOW WE BOUT TO GIVE THEM THE BUSINESS
aww thanks lady!
Can't wait for Power Alley on Wednesday on , my favorite player in baseball joins and Kevin Kennedy
I'm well.
Just tired.
Night
please follow me Miranda!
I'm a huge fan!
I got him and Dullahan.
hate is just a strong word for love
Yo has to be one of the sexiest woman to me if not the sexiest!!
uCantBeToughAndSay I love you..
I say that daily.
Better have my monnay.
My pimp hand is strong!
lmao thanks for the reminder
Love  neat space, great interpretation.
Especially the Econ101inamodel.
Goodnight Don't get too high lol 3
is the show on Friday, or just rehearsal?
Because I'm here till Sunday!
I watched mission impossible last night..
I must say, Tom cruise is very attractive.
thanks guys.
you're the best!
ag
The Last Words of Steve Jobs
Hanging with my friends
me me me!
Not sure what to expect...but it sounds cool.
RT : Just got offstage with Rascal Flatts.
They really kept up!
They really did!
at CUNY has served nearly 19,000 students in less than 3 years connecting them to 36M in benefits and services!
Wow
Lost my love .....always and forever love u Russell j setum
Hanging with  Too many ?
Having a huge urge to online shop.
Must.
Resist.
Temptation.
You are going to be AMAZING!
how many are there?
We have a culture problem, not an education problem.
Standing ovation for Dean Kamen.
Highlight of
After 24 full hours of travel, we have arrived in India safe and sound ...
The coolest part?
6 more outs!
Thanks for the RTs!
Holy cow, Rocking Frog on Belmont has the cozy hideaway from the rain vibe down to a T today.
Nobody take note of that and come to ruin it!
Finally signing up for a Pinterest account so I can comment on the slight misspelling of my name on the mlanet12 board.
:D
WhyDoiAlways say I'm going to get off twitter to go to bed but never do until like an hour later?
Pork belly  rib tips were both amazing.
Polrk belly served w/a mushroom suace that may have been the best I've ever had.
At rush hour downtown not a good idea to walk 5 people deep on the sidewalk Idiot tourists
A religious person looks for everything a human can do wrong, a regenerated person looks for everything they can do right.
im looking to hire for a few different positions!
Movie night with the sis  'We Bought a Zoo' is such a sweet movie.
Matthew wants me to go for a walk with him .
:
Robert!
Thank you so much for the kind mention!
We are always happy to provide you quality skin care services.
Waiting at cvs to get meds!
Sent you some fire by my artist esp the Lavender doctorams joint
did you help out the Hecht family tonight with the search?
WHY DIE RICH, with so many POOR OUT THERE????
Share the wealth for real....life's to short!
Come Monday, I'll be working at Goodby!
Knicks in for trouble today
I'm not hard to please.
I don't ask a lot, but it seems like I'll never get to 50 followers!
Hoping to hit 100 before Christmas.
thanks for the follow!
How are things?
So you think you can Dance...
Prob wont last another season.
Getting monotonous already.
Geez!
New year, crooked tree, yirgacheffe,
your in my prayers !
Eva Since I Got Brick Fair I Neva Look Back There...
My nigga, I'm faded.
twitter is a huge pool of people who are doing things.
i love it.
I am so happy to hear that you like it!
All seven million of the world's population watch on as Wikipedia goes black today.
In the fastpaced world of business, fun and work often seem to be an oxymoron.
Fun should be part of an organizations overall strategy.JW
Got a box of deliciousness from today  tweedy teal wool/silk/cashmere.
I'm going to have so much fun helping with this one.
Testicles.
That is all.
I help aspiring entrepreneurs turn their hobby into a viable, professortable business.
I love MJ's stuff.
he's awesome!
The poet doesn't invent.
He listens.
Jean Cocteau
Good night everyone and sweet doctorams Tomorrow one day better what today I'm going to sleep bye hasta maana
: worth pushing back agnst the wooing the youth line on edu loans.
College is a common good.
All should be in favor, IMHO.
thanks buddy.
I'm gonna try and not submit for a while and just work on reading and writing.
me too
The heist is going down!
Be sure to get your 'bleu clue' at the door.
Be a part of solving the mystery!
Rat pack party!
She does that too.
There's always that one teacher who you just want to strangle...
your tweets completely make my day!
Bang Bang!
I would be that son of a bitch smh
both poverty and riches are the offspring of thought by Napoleon Hill
SC: Barbeque.
FL: Early Bird Dinner.
9 days!
Excited to meet artists, designers, thinkers  doers at The M!
Who?
We're the sunny side up design lecture series!
Hello world 
I can never sleep if I don't go to cheer on Sundays!!
Prop shopping on Stupid.
:P
Also, is about to send me into a complete ragestroke as well so.
I'm with you.
increases their Gogo inflight service 50.
Now close to 18 bucks to get on line in the air.
Trying to catch up to everyone on doctorw something id a bitch!
Lmao
Bulls have won 3 times  home, in 1992, 1996 and 1997.
Trivia starts at 6pm.
Congrats for the beautiful float.
So happy I was a small part of it.
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my doctoram come true if yuh followed 
you scared me girl!
lol
It's ok to give; Obama is now president.
breakdancing kid on the Q train
My trip to the chiropractor coincided with funeral procession for APD officer killed this week.
Super depressing.
lucky you.
but i get out early to go to the elementary school so it wont be that bad.
have you fell on the crutches yet?
haha
No wonder im not feeling to great after practicing 3 h in the smoke.
Air quality status changed to red  do not go outside for too long
Just sent the NDA's to my people.
About to make this TV  Film thing a reality.
CW STUDIOS ATL about to go GLOBAL
always showing Ct love respect it
Leaving Dallas.
Love hearing these guys say QB1 is the best in the league.
We're sold out for the day!
Ooh ooh I wanna be Lady Deathstrike and played by Kelly Hu!
I feel overpromised and underserved today.
Wait, did Obama pay me a visit?
Nice day for UB40.
Good things are happening Looking forward to visiting soon.
i do duh play duh game when i seet down...
Gettin off work early today.......
Ran into a nigga that had to be from Detroit....he just said what up doe.....guess he seen my tigers fitted
Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
A great visionary and entrepreneur!
The world is better because of the Apple you bit.
Happy Easter Everyone!
Have A Blessed Day xoxoxoxo
But can  prevail over good sense.
We are 50/50 where I live.I don't know about the west but AD is bad,
SEVEN FOOT TEN.
YOU'RE A MORON, CRIMSON
thankyouu: I want to change it tho ive had it for soo long I like yours too haha
I just heard you got into Columbia Jschool, congratulations!
Then why not lobby to improve the playing conditions regardless of color?
Hard to take Nadal seriously
Yes it will, have fun!
RT Heading to the Bulls game tonight.
Yeah buddy!
I got a STRIKE!
:
Best way to celebrate a presentation well donein NYC for the weekend, meeting up with BC besties in 1 hour!!
just read they're opening a Melt in Mentor in October..start fasting now
Thank you for following
Jus waking up good morning peeps
Who's in NYC right now?
Dude, you OWNED that show tonight.
Congrats.
Hopefully getting a job!
Hooray for graduating !
One night in Bangkok makes the hard man humble....
Don't understand why some people play on there DS at school.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'll be waiting for you in Fay, bestie.
:
Getting ready for live tweeting day 2 of our annual conference.
Join the conversatoin using hashtag
Oh please explain that to my daughter :
BLESSED LOVE
Ugh im done with this y do i even try i get my hopes up an u crush them every time
RT I am looking for an old, possibly dilapidated, house to shoot a scene for a music video.
Does anyone in Nashville have
I will stop at nothing to see in Indiana 6/15 and do doctorgs with him.
: just let your soul glow!
preach

didn't know I was gluten intolerant until I eliminated for a while, then cheated w/ it on occasiongetting sick every time
Change Puzzle Experience Workshop running today!
Promises to be a highly involving day change extended learning  training
yoyoyo my name is joe!!!!!
tee hee
feed him some blue cheese for me : : Last dinner with Heath before he moves, I'm probably going to cry.
Do porn stars get turned on watching flicks they've starred in and is that narcissism or just a natural reaction to porn?
oh I see, with a capital P.
thanks  we always enjoy your questions, comments and RTs on SommChat: have a great
yeah I think I watch too much American television lol
thanks for the retweet!
Thanks!
I'm anxious to begin work w/this D.C.
client!
: Looking forward to the announcement!
yes!
I'm there til Sunday or Monday this time
Watching Howls Moving Castle with the girls a holiday tradition.
Love Miyazaki!
thank you!
So that's a yes?
Haha, ah!
I'll look like a dork, but okay :P
Nailed it.
WHERE THE FACK ARE YOU
....you finally beat me, for ONCE...
..and my 8 yr old actually asks to play Scrabble!
I aslo am beyond addicted to Rummikub I crazed!
: that's the point, right?
Is the glass half full of half empty?
As a Ravens fan I respectfully ask  what's your logic behind your predictions?
You really think Harbs won't have his guys ready?
lol I know .
maybe misterHowell will be so blinded by our awesomeness that he lets us leave
the scraping of those shovels may have been worst!
Confit Pork Baguette  Pickled slaw/ toasted peanut/ mustard aioli
1:22 in the video.
I see what y'all did there.
She has the song Not Your Cinderella.
You guys are clever
doctoroling over that RED Scarlet camera i'm looking to rent for the field....
I love that hard core equality stuff antiprivilege antiracism, just categorize and separate more from what I see.
12 for 24 Worth of Custom Framing at Fine Posters and Prints in Madison.
www.dealoria.com
I love it how Michael Douglas says picture instead of movie.
Plus, best hair of the night!
Your welcome!!:
awww, your making me blush.
Oh, make sure your hydoctorted before workouts, it helps too!
lmaooo sadly i smell no bullshit
I would cept I just ate it all.
see ya later!
shotgun: check!
; 
: For Booking  Info 
Throw ya hands in the air if youz a true playaaaa loll
true story!
:
thatawkwardmoment when alicia wolfe and sam nelms come into
I heard a rumor that a certain chokers fan said he would be a RAIDER fan if chokers move to L.A.?
discipline your kids so others won't have to.
For teachers to be better teachers they must first become better Learners.
Wise thinking via
we've already eaten.
:
I absolutely hate snakes ruined my entire nature run 
ready to stay home
Kids are like spies this time of year.
Your mission is to hide the presents.
: I guess ill just smoke and tweet tu I fall asleep RealTalkaww buddie u can call
I wanna do a track with Tego Calderon and Andoctor 3K , that shit would be crazy.
I'm shooting with John Fullbright tonight.
I'm excited to captainre the sounds of this elusive folkie.
bring some of that Vermont Heady Topper or don't show at all
I just watched it a few months ago!
So good.
So, so good.
Take it or Leave It, I Gotta Feed The Fish.
So confused don't where to go wanna see him but then I can't I have some where else to go fudge don't now what to do :
Your craft will never be perfected when there's room for improvement, and there's ALWAYS room for improvement.
Perfection is nonexistent.
oh I gotcha well you should hit me up this summer or something
well.
It's whatever you wanna do!
:
That's incredible!!
Enjoy, Brett!
It's change my life in that I get overwhelming support on my work and really inspiring messages from followers/readers
Thanks Diane!
We had a great time and appreciate the your partnership!
Hopefully booing fans is enough to bring this defense to life.
On the way to the gym....
April19thDareDayQuestion would you get your nipples pierced if someone paid you 100 to do so?
sxsw Attending Brand as Patterns.
The digital age requires a new look at how brands now must be interactive and dynamic.
My mom is getting an iPhone today.
Now everyone in the fam has one.
We are to cool.
Finally gonna get some rest :o
I love High School
Congratulations to Karen Russell for winning the NYPL's Young Lions Fiction Award, for Swamplandia!.
Northbound can kiss my ass right now.
Hello Beverly Glen!
Yeah, exactly.
that's something your character on ShakeItUp would wear!!
Lol :
continuing education instructors needed, please go to www.coecontinuingeducation.com to apply
wow!
I got really excited when I saw your name as a follower!
What is your all time favorite song you recorded and y?
You guys should just post what cover is for the rest of the week so people quit asking
FF FollowFriday RT : Sometimes I just feel like giving Lindsay Lohan a real stern talking to.
Yes what a great day!!
So much talent!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NICK!!!
:0
when will you text me?
i want you to text me
will not succumb to this cold!
I'M GOING TO NICKI MINAJ'S PINK FRIDAY TOUR ON JULY 16 AT THE CHICAGO THEATER!!!
:DD
PM is not well enough 2 start as head QB it was just 2 boost ticket sale and 4 the big agent paid off!!
Awesome!
Thanks!
I cannot stand pot heads that brag about getting high.
Glad I don't smoke.
It's always
And now, an experiment in going off the grid!
If only we could all doctorve Mario Karts around town!
Nora, if you keep clicking, through you get to the cake...
it looks delicious!
Ahh the smell of new jeans
Couples who don't have a TV in the bedoctorom have 50 percent more sex than couples who watch the tube in bed.
: real nigga shit lmfao you slow aha just slow for that second lmao
thank you both!
means a lot!!!!
Community Mortgage has been serving Indiana home buyers for 29 years.
FHA/VA/Conventional and USDA loans, 8778297161 Indiana lender
lol so wat Idc u just gon make fun of her anyways lol wait I think it's Sunday not Friday lol
Not online but we can do one next time we do a custom order.
Which design were you looking to get?
So many service tickets...so little time.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Whenever I'm down, I just listen to Ari's songs or watch videos of her..
It brightens up my mood  makes me so happy.
3 Omg.
I love her.
The kids eat free on Tuesdays!
OSHA Fines Company for Grain Dust Explosion That Killed 6  In These Times
I think some ppl say I'll call u back later automatically at the end of every conversation.
I always just assume they won't.
all doctorssed for this interview; now just killing time.
Waited on Fred Savage :
For being as doctornk as I was last night, I felt great this morning.
The Miz makes a great Jobber.
Is he gone yet?!

Leo's best bet for marriage: Aquarius
Two things put a strain on the heart...
running up stairs and running down people.
Good game tonight your squad looked good
we feel so proud  blessed to have known you  your contributions to our city have been nothing short of brilliant.
RIP 3
I love sitting there with him 3
miss u already!
Come back soon!!
Our Hero knows all the lyrics to the Napa Know How song...just like the rest of us.
Move in silence like a GIF.
NF I didn't know she had a twitter, she was basically the soundtrack to my teens!
CrazyLuv4Her inspiration 
What does music do for you?
apologies for my last tweet.
I think CS Lewis said something about sarcasm being lowest form of humor.
so ready to get outta my house tomorrow.
its gonna be awesome.
this weekend at
You're in for DON'T doctorNK IT FAST.
getting ready to go to the gym, what you doing ?
oh ok cool
locations and dates
it is still red, just cut straight bangs.
They will have to grow on me.
Looked better in my mind
i love how i can just bag a dudes number lmao 2 in one day  yeahh the old christina is back 
I was just listening to that song :x
most people are not doing enough link building
oh for a second I died.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Barnes  Noble today from 10  2!
3701A Ellison doctorve NW
Obama is such a Chow hound!
Why is nobody doing ntn on a Friday night?
Psyched to see Etgar Keret and tonight.
Those two make the perfect marriage.
That's why the venue is where I got hitched.
No, I don't either.
boo.
Going to head over to the ATT center for a 2011 politics forum at 3:30.
Having coffee on the back porch right now.
loll bed
Thanks for the RT!
Martin  jeter walk.
My millerdoctornking ladyfriend favored the honey wheat.
Good stuff indeed!
baby you light up my world like nobody else
Taking my movement to the next level
we don't manage node.js hosting, but you can integrate it from your own server.
lol I love that song too
I ate a salad and bread roll for dinner.
Now feeling way overstuffed like I ate a whole pizza or something.
RT : Just past my English exam
When I wake up early I like to watch the today show because it reminds me of the good ole days getting ready for school and eating breakfast
My dumbass still hasnt learned from mistakes I've made .
Because you watched that live.
don't know how I'm going to be able to sleep tonight...
way too excited for the concert tomorrow!
longoverdue 
Agreed!
RT  Just hope dpla won't have same effect on Main streets of America as has Walmart
I'm sexy and I know it
I wish I had the balls too cutt off my hair like haha I'm too scared tho 
Lee DeWyze was grossly overrated and overpimped tonight.
Casey and Crystal blew it out the box!
Taylor Swift.....
Come out 2nite  at 8pm  5 cover  Live music, Art,  caregive share table !
Handy isn't it?
thanks bro.
Try these wings today that my friend is so adamant about me getting.
As much as I love hot wings that better be good or its his a.
I'm now your downthestreet neighbor at 156 Second St.
: We're throwing a party Monday night at 69.
Come by.
Bigger than Vegas.
Happy birthday!!!
welcome to twitter!
ATT uverse please!!!!
do u know if u will be streamed like ESPN3?
or maybe on ESPN3?
Get ready World!
get them to do it with you!
Cats why is it monday make it end already
not just football which my personal blog is based on
they got cells/BunkBeds/Bars exactly like the holocaust there saying there will be a new genoside!
Its trippy AF man
No Open ears tonight: TV show shooting in the club.
Be back next week,
yes!
Dying to shoot with u and for hair!
Xoxo
Honesty.
the most thing in the relationship you need.
wat is this?
lol I know!
I was on my way to house haha :
rereading last tweet and discovered it's a bad example of Kentucky grammar.
Sorry!
chulavista 2010 City Atty candidate Faigan should have done like Bob Castaneda  and just rented a CV place.
Maybe next time
But for now..I will watch the mainstream beef..and be thankful I am not in this mess.
This pic is making an appearance in my postconference presentation to my team, btw.
I AM NOW
: I Love You, Man is on and Segal just said it.
They better pay Madea royalties.
Haha
ah well you know hahha
Are we human or are we dancer playing at good brews
Very true.
You think Marcum trade was worth it?
Short term and/or long term?
Fog in our western counties.
Visibility near 2mi or less so not too bad yet.
Giro Classic commentary by the guys from the Gazzetta, measuring caloric intake in plates of pasta, of course.
I'm Jill, temporary reference librarian at a community college.
Support Enact the Buffet Rule!
Millionaries should have to pay their fair share of taxes Their tax breaks have not created jobs
: Aries have an ambitious streak.
Sometimes one person just isnt enough but two or three will work out just fine.
Funny how Laker fans were flooding my TL the other day, now they're quiet as !
Father barred from seeing his premature twins cuz jayzs security cleared him out of waiting area.
get over yourself jayz.
Selfishness sucks
NEW SHOW!
Scream It Like You Mean It Tour: Breathe Carolina, Chiodos, I See Stars, The Color Morale, TekOne, The Air I Breathe.
July 30!
Thank you!!
Audition done.
Now u get to enjoy this beautiful day.
Thank you!
Learning from the best!
xoxo
Bronchitis may be the most effective and most expensive diet I've ever been on.
.
everything tastes good with Burger King Mayo sauce, dumdum.
1940 The first Nylon stockings go on sale in the US.
Why yes I was born this way.
I rather eat broken glass than get a Call Me, text message.
Thx!
MT Dietrich's hypercities project on mapping location of new LA football stadium against 1930s bank lending maps fascinating
thanks!
It's literally THE hardest thing I've ever done
OMG AHAHHHAHAHAHAHHAHAH IM DEAD JUSTIN I LOVE YOU OMG
right there with ya !
RT : I still want a Metta World Peace jersey  Do we have to rename it to Metta World Elbow??
Forming a Joyce Circle in Raleigh to read Ulysses beginning on Bloomsday.
We'll meet at a pub certainly.
Don
BoiseSOC Bieter: The Simplot family has given the OK to move forward with Esther Simplot Park and will fund construction of the park.
For the second straight day, I managed to spill food on myself at lunch.
You can't take me anywhere.
RT : To be able to disagree with someone  still Love them is the highest form of Loving.
thanks for the info!
:
Nothing like a Brad Pitt movie playing in the green room while I stuff my face full of chicken wings and fries.
Lark Vorhees will haunt my doctorams.
instead of Jason Vorhees shudders
Happy Monday!
Wake up with the !
Enjoy the warmth today!
That's sweet of you.
I have an outfit on order for Cami, but it's not here yet.
:
so fun but I'm ready to come home
Whats up for the weekend..oh yeah the ho down or whatever lol
why is a blonde like a doorknob?
'cause everyone get's a turn!
cum take your turn with this blonde right now 4 a show you won't soon forget!
Bravo, Grayson!
That's fantastic!!
Tip of the day: Nothing good can happen if no one's working on it.
Motivation can be hard to keep, but it's your key to
Doin my hair for this party tonight lol i find it funny how is getting her hair done too!
Oh wait!
TWIN MODE!!
So hungry.
Waiting for my food to get here
ha if you bought a hat you can get a free shirt lol, shipping is more for the hat that's the only reason why.
One more audition to closeout the week!
Then awaiting the arrival of the TX Hobbs for their spring break visit!
wished every guy learned from you
Our Temporary division is just as important as our Direct Hire division.
RT : Remeber that failure is an event, not a person.
Zig Ziglar
RT : Either I'm always hungry or I'm always bored..// I'm the same way!
slumdog millionaire dad arrested for trying to sell his daughter...
next up
Should our committment/passion doctorve us together without clock watching?
you are too cute love the suspenders :
Home opener update: sounds like we'll be lucky if we get to 50.
Sunny and breezy.
Lots of tix left on Twins website.
Many cheapys on stubhub
Chillin hard with .
This dude is passed the fugg out
Fascinating RT : STS1  2 had the External Tank painted white.STS3 was the first to fly without that 800 pounds of white paint
Yes!
I love Venice!
Let's get rastafarian hair wraps and henna tattoos.
:
el oh el.
at the airport right now, NYC here we come baby!
Good day summer, hello new syllabi
Watching American Idol hope thier doctoram come true!!!!
Thanks for sharing Chris.
It's important to note making a case that groups are better than pages.
is it possible to cry so much ya run out of tears ???
Should I go see Youth Lagoon tonight or not?
Where are you?
Agree FL has been good to EKU good to hear, Kidd brought me up from FL and I'm sure there are kids that would do well..
thank you, thank you very much.
Your amazing , your gonna do it, and your heart is gonna grow x 3257806!
Love you
Natalie  my shirt looks manly because I like manly things.
I like to play with tonka trucks.
says she reached out to Mormons in Arizona when working to recall Russell Pearce after
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to possibly send to the Super Bowl to promote the stock market of sports.
Ways to defend Jeremy Lin
A Theme of Their Own doctorpalfilms There's no crying in doctorpal
Great question at the EdCom board mtng: first came collect  preserve, then present  interpret, what's next?
ENGAGE!
There are so many trolls on TheVoice :P
I totally am a boobylicious waitress on GCB!
I better have that job back ; come back GCB!!!
If u do u can get hurt bad trust me and it will kill u just wait till u get the right one follow my plz Austin 3
If u like me u should maybe ask me out!
At least the Lions aren't paying Calvin Johnson
okay girls
Taylor!
You need to get on this Twitter thing more often!
All jokes aside, Denver played extremely tough.
I knew it was going to be brutal but not this tough.
I had Lakers in 6.
On the freeway back home c:
Finally sorting through my birthday stuff.
What sort of memo do you write on a frog memo pad?
I say, DO remember to croak?
Im live on UStream t.v.
radio
Our gift card winners are LAURA LEWIS and LAUREN NIEHOFF.
Congratulations!
I cannot honestly say that there is a food I hate intensely with the notable exception of mayonnaise.
Next High Brour: The Thunder Round returns!
awesome!
You taking it?
uhm i think my twitter was hacked i definitely didn't win 762 today.
Big day tomorrow, I'm really looking forward to startig at !
Is rimming the new 69?
Ah...
Event Ahead...
That explains it...
your welcome: 3
Nirvana Spa Package  38.
With this deal, you can pamper yourself with their 90minute aromatherapy massage and salt glow.
They...
so long have a good summer you will be missed
I told myself to stop but I keep messing up
are you being sarcastic?
I cant even tell.
Netflix is the greatest thing ever created
SheWontTakeYouSeriouslyIf You use wack ass pick up lines.
Just clicked 2009 on my FB timeline and reread an old status.
Apparently I was one of those people who have internet arguments!
anyone else LOVE maroon 5's new song: pay phone?
which question?
3 i guess other ICONiacs fight , not me lol hear that Madison ?
:
When was the last time 3 teams from the same town on the same night all took home the win?
My dad got everyone's lsl card, but mine.
you're on the list!
Thanks for the support fam.
he could do me
Change in education not about iPad apps, but engaging the kids  Kalimah Priforce, Qeyno Labs
Skyway Accident Involves Police Car
The negative thoughts get to me
One thing I am learing on my Christian journey, God must be trusted even when he can't be tracked!
Clearly you're invited to WarRoom.
Would love to see your full mock doctorft.
RT i would tell them to doctorft me personal masseuse
Ah, that explains why no one was home when I called earlier.
Hope it stays routine today.
Today's schedule: STL
not a hard game if you're looking at us today.
oh i was like...
tf?
is she saying her mom thinks we're gonna throw wet noodles at her again?
New RIM CEO is from Germany.
Soon we will be removing the current songs  posting our studio recorded songs.
Last chance to download current songs.
TY for enjoying them!
people are fucking shady.
You know, if is the 500lb.
gorilla, then I'm Godzilla .....
I hope Dennis doesn't hear this.
mixing 's upcoming Christmas single...just wait till you hear this one!
They are having a wootoff right now.
Its horrible for the wallet.
New wine comes up about every hour
Merry never quite succeeds in throwing off his Mancunian accent, just as Pippin is pure Glaswegian
That is funny!
Thanks for the lift!
already damn, what happened
I would constantly live in a world of darkness
Join us The Tavern for the Nuggets game!
Go Nuggets Beat LA!
I just noticed totally recycled her verse from fuck u silly  put it in whip it
word on the street is is making 49 again this year Look 4 it!
: thanks for the support btw!
Stop back soon!
Rosemarie is back .
NO
s/o to my other new follower :
What goes into an effort rubric?
Is any content or skill measured?
Tryn to find sum to get in to
love u to
All of Hinder's newest songs sound the same..
i dont like to use pronunciation just because I know it pisses you off hope all is well with the new job buddy have fun meow

Detroit!
Who is coming to visit us today?!
Would you like to start your jail sentence on April 20th?
Umm no I have Joint committee thing soo I cant!.
enjoy the campus visit back at alma mater
lol i kid you not, cant make that up
Had a fab meeting w/  today!
I think will be producing lots of fun this year.
will you come to Hong Kong?Hong Kong selenators will wait for you!!!
Relax, I just wanted to sound gangster for a second lmfaooo
sup lil bro!
Wow wut a gr8 pic of u n moms!
Can u email me tht?
Make the girl 16 and you've got a story.
Hoping I don't get into an argument this time with the parking attendant at school about what a loading zone is.
I'm not funny .
I'm just mean and people think I'm joking .
Time to break away from Twitter to work on poem and post revisions
We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.
RT : Just realized I had dinner  the place where Harvey Dent capped that dirty cop in The Dark Knight.
The ribs were delicious.
skirt steak with braided asparagus, potatoes and an unreal aged tomato reduction...but everything was out of this world!
I think.
Happy Birthday to Andy Hardie!
To the man with all the common sense in the world and who taught me to whistle to every song ever made!
BREAKFAST TIME!!!!!!!!
Yes I know its 2pm.
LoveIt!
Aghh I keep forgetting to hit save on garageband.
That is too funny!!
my physical therapist may not be plotting to kill me, but she definitely knows how to put me in pain.
meow
It was just a good night tonight:
This is funny...
Directionators: They're sweet, nice, cute guys.
Directioners: They're 5 homosexual sex gods, who are idiots  weird.
I'm here now!
You are?
RT : Are you down?
Im down.
Victoria's Secret smells like a nest of strippers.
This guy is beyond fascinating.
Has the entire HIMC group captainvated.
I honestly don't know where to start so much foolery was said its mind blowing
Both!
: what's the difference b/w ISNgen and ISconf?
Which tag should I follow?
Someone take me to buy makeup
good morning sexci :
I Can't Take This Shit Nomo Man Fareal.!!!!!
In this tug of war, you'll always win
Thank you Mary Lou Lyden of Keller Wiiliams.
Another Section 184 Native American home loan successfully closed with a 541 credit score.
know what's even better than late night pizza?
Cold pizza for BREAKFAST!
It is time for a new movement.
Occupy
get me one too.
HOP is a sweet family movie for all if us.
It's not loading at all matey
Ravens take S Christian Thompson, South Carolina State
lmmfao too funny
madison likes the word beautiful.
omg atleast your getting paid
missing Midnitespending the night in grant deadline hell, while watching Ip Man yet again
you didn't miss anything :
, thanks for following us on Twitter!
gym closed tomorrow, felt good gettin shoulders and back in today.
u shoullda seen ur face before...bright red lmao
Giving out CDs of my new hiphop and house mix 2nyt  RELIC...
Nah!
Call it like I see it!
Wanna play black magic?
Not really
So happy for good friends :
me too!
hey, have you heard of ?
I'd love to interview you for their cascadingconversations tour.
Wait, where you say you been, who you been with, where you say your going, who you going with.
Thanks for following us, look forward to your news and updates!
Wanna know a secret?
Somebody out there can't stop thinking about you.
You are beautiful.
Don't ever believe differently.
:
all i want is well i dnt kno ugh wtf going o with me

Hahaha.
Yeah, especially since you're used to a time zone that's later than ours.
Hahaha.
ill give you one, can u have a shutout please3
things are pretty open except for Sunday.
When are you arriving??
wish there were more opportunities 2 examine plays this way w/o burden of yes/no.
Niche btw academixjourn
Sometimes it's shameful to think I have a fitness blog.
You LOOK fabulous and you ARE seriously PUNK ROCK funny!!
thanks for keeping us ALL smiling!
Why are people so fckn disgusting?
Taking your shoes  socks off, then removing the lint from between your toes?
IT'S THE FCKN LIBRARY!
UGH.
I snuck into the Staples Center and put a pocket pack under every seat.
:P
any day lol except this Sunday and upcoming Monday :
OMG i want it to be tomorrow 9:00pm already ughh
LOVE RT : Hip Hop is too restrictive
If YOU are interested in helping bring First Night and make it Happen, we would love to hear from you!
www.firstnightaustin.org
and Khadijah explore the concept of family in By Any Other Name.
Going to Madoctord and Barcelona.
Any suggestions on where to stay, what to do?
Tweetin' my first blackfriday experience.
So THIS is what hell feels like.
Does tambourine count?
cc
A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.
might have to go to the dentist this week to get xrays of my jaw to see if my wisdom teeth are in or not wish me luck: 3
Thank you for RT!
FL  Awake the State 3/8/11 rallies  Stop Gov.
Scott's devastating budget cuts!!
Hearing the soundtrack of Aquatica play for the first time tonight.
The place is complete.
San Antonio, be prepared for wow!
Shout out to cotton eye joe
Here comes the Barajas walk off.
i wanna get back 2 the old days when the phone would ring and i knew it was you.
I wanna go home now.
Check out our new cake menu  Firehook Bakery  it's awesome!!
Does the star Sacha Baron Cohen?
Probably not, sadly.
I am a broke man.
doctorving through Baltimore.
Where's Omar?
Aw, thanks for the ff inclusion, feels good :
My little helper.
Starting doctornk Deep and having faith in  Now for some Merittime in Chicagoland.
lol well she must know football just not how to spam :
Hi John!
How art thou?
Hopefully we'll be talking soon about the local foods project!
Excited for what's to come!
The water was pushing the door up I couldnt hold it as strong as I am I reached to what felt like the roof Balled my fist up started to bam
Don't worry about avoiding temptation...as you grow older, it will avoid you.
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Disaster by !
That song gets me every time.
Cabin in the Woods was so fun!
I highly recommend it to any horror movie fans or anyone who was addicted to Buffy The Vampire Slayer
Make, Bake and Win!
J Street Bakery Bread  Cake Recipe Contest!
Read it at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Happy FollowFriday back at you!
Great workout today!
thanks so much for the follow!
Click LIKE if you hate typing.
Let me do the tedious work for you so you can spend more time growing your business!
No keys??
What do you put on your key chain?
Maybe they'll just give you a taco instead.
:
that's what I said so I grabbed some kush rolled that bad boy up now I aint hungry at all just got geeked
Great!
How about coming by tomorrow?
We'll help you get your weekend started!
fake account
Wonder if they have it in my area...
My pleasure
thanks for the follow back!
:
When I was in school, a perfect S.A.T.
Score was 1600.
just said 2400 is a perfect score.
Wow.
Are there more questions?
i'm excited to use/help with waterlee!
fyi it looks like your site has a malicious iframe injected into it
RAISE IT
No friends in gym class right now super sad 
Is there a word count?
When does it need to be in by?
I have a wonderful true story to tell.
AMEN that's the truth!
during the school day...I am free 12  12:40
you never got on monday was on but all he did was watch netflix lol you work today?
1st entry in 2year by30 plan: be published in the Chattahoochee Review.
YouCantSayYouGrownIf someone says a sentence and there's the word but and you still laugh.
I'm in love with this state.
bestvacationever :
Guy boarded the train carrying a golf club.
Somehow that looks more menacing than if he had a whole set.
being the guy that is good at excel has to be the worst...
Had to share with my boss ha.
Killing time til the gates open
how are you?
MyProblemIs i party too hard sometimes ....2 much fun isnt good!
S'mores cookies are bomb as fuck!!
OCOG MDC Pumariega quotes Richard Florida saying we need to create our creative class!
MDC programs are key.
RIGHT?!?
: The Dyson Airblade makes doctoring your hands a truly exhilarating experience.
good time : hey but thats just my opinion :P
Huge congrats on your new position.
You've got a great director, staff and collection to work and play with.
Eyes are on you bud.
We'd match our competitor's prices ...
but it would mean raising ours.
Anyone else going to see childish gambino aka tonight at ace of spades.
Totally stoked about this show!
Turns out my old roommate put in the order and they goofed on the addoctorss.
i'd love to win myself a set of steak knives...
In 2k11 I want to be in the heat
Don't compare yourself to others, that's when you start to lose confidence in yourself...
Hahaha ik the game has no importance but the heat are down by 25 at half to the wizards haha.
Now back to the NFL doctorft.
I don't trust nobody!
Turn off: someone with onion lips lol
Ok, now that is a great reply.
I love it.
See, be funny or worth knowing and connecting is easy!
Exciting news announced: Brittany Hall to be closed for Spring  Summer 2013 for major renovation.
For Fall 2012, Brittany will be open.
ThingsImGoodAt reading peoples body language.
had fun watching my parents put up a playground ;
yea just msg me what song and ill send you the info
Dj Paul X will be doctorpping the needle  9pm at Tequila Shots so come on by and enjoy the best best with the best doctornks
Watching these brats on My Super Sweet Sixteen.
MT iPhone users, our app is a great way to stay connected to info we have to offer.
Check us out in the App Store
WooHoo!
Time to hit up the bar for Thirsty Thursday doctornks!
I think its a favorite of mine too...
I always watch or want to watch it when it's on..
But I don't own it
yep of course it was him
SPRING BREAK!!!!
I didn't know we were going....
YAY!
:
DAMLA be a DAM dictator, this is not a democracy  Jason Dittmer, GA Communication Group
haha that's what I like to hear!
That is some quality learning right there.
Take the stolen puppy to class.
He will love that
is visiting Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School in Takoma Park, Maryland!
Another nonMets nohitter
I got word from our race director that they have mapped out the course with 16 to 17 obstacles!
Water tight rope, mud, hay bales, cars!
We still have Blue Berry Pancakes!
Not that I can remember right now, but cool when I start up my team I want you and Ivan to play
Thanks 4 the follow Francisco Looking forward to your tweets, comments  insights.
Hoping to visit soon  Cheers!
N MY NAME MERCEDES STREETS WE GOT BIZZY BONE, SHOP BOYS, BONE CRUSHER, MDOT, misterCHEEKS, FIELD MOB, CRUNCHY BLACK
Oh gosh.
I hate skyrim :p
Possible supplier?
Let's find out and see.
Also, if you're not biking..I don't know what to say...LET'S KAYUH!!
The movie companies call and specifically ask for the No.
3  Mova Verde
Congrats on another season of Parenthood.
You all deserve it and so do we!
xbox is great online GT
Fuck yes.
Dance Until Tomorrow is the 2nd trending topic WORLDWIDE :D
thanks for the recommendation!!
We had a great first day with the lenders.
Love this group!
who do you think you are responding to my tweets?!
D:
I am going to set the overunder on GOP defections on Paul Ryan's budget at 13.
There were 4 last year.
Vote is tomorrow.
Valentine's day.....i don't have a valentine..
: ....SHIZZZ.
nothing would beat a massage right now
Thanks, but I already hauled it to the DoubleTree!
Morning/Afternoon Beautful Twitters!
How is every1 on this lovely day!
Me?
Tired still!
I'm tweeting w/1 eye open!
Lol!
Fantastisch!
Hoera, Kelli!
Very into the Dutch world right now, so have to get your opinion.
Do check out
Just found out I have almost 600 in my bank account when I thought I was broke.
That just made my day!:
stop, that's my song
all of us need to chill.
Like soon
I am not familiar!!
Smh!
Who said they was they Lying
I haven't had crazy weird cravings like some women claim..
Ha!
Mwah!
When I start work on the third and final novel in the Temperature series it will start as an eBook.
More about that later this year.
RingzTV will be at CES this upcoming week in Las Vegas, NV.
Anyone interested in getting a prelaunch demo, contact us!
Ralphs is insane right now!!!!
some dude just spent 20 minutes trying to get me to join his koolaid cult; judgment day is upon us and I'll feel gods wrath or some shit
couldn't disagree more!
: He was most interesting in context of Anna or when he had multiple women/contexts
joining Union ALWAYS optional, dont work there.
Higher pay  benefits come with a cost.
No free rides.
Studying for Spanish 2 final...
/: urg.
so many words!
not me lol
SHOUTOUT TO COAST TO COAST INDUSTRY FOR COMING TO THE D THE JUDGES ALL THE TALENT AND SHORT DAWG YALL DID YALL THANG TONITE
If the Flyers cant handle the Devils forecheck how can they handle LA or Phx?
last day for the beach!!!
Happy Tuesday!
gym!
Need I say more?
In case you needed another reason to root for IU against UK tonight, IU has more Pell Grant recipients than UK.
Go Big Red!
espn U documentary 40 Minutes of Hell hope u see it some time soon.
Happy Mother's Day, but where's my mother..?
Woke up and she's not here...
A little strange
Isn't this where the ahem NBA MVP is supposed to take over the game?
Some people make it so hard to live life.
Terrible day....
Tonight, Thanksgiving Edition Happy Hour from 10pm2am!
5 cocktails, 6 wine, 6 Martini, 3 beer, food specials and more...Join Us!
Why am I getting so worked up over this?
There are 161 games left!
When my bby takes long to reply back I just want to strangle him
My Pandora playlist played doctorpkick Murphys state of mass.
earlier.
Now I don't want to do anything but watch Nitro Circus!
Lol
No words truer, ESPECIALLY this year RT The NHL playoffs are better then the NBA playoffs
im doctorppin knowledge!
Call me Marketing Director.
The Difficult is that which can be done immediately; the Impossible that which takes a little longer.
yea I did awful.
It was a mean joke sorry.
no problemo just stating
i just got to english!
what do you have next ??????
Sigh AdamLavine so are so beautiful!
you better not be or ima beat you.
hey man I took my girlfriend to see it.
And some guys from the fire department
it's in my bio : so nobody says Mulatto?
...
Super8 or so I've heard is good, I will check it out soon.
Librarians, what has your experience been interfiling collections?
Fiction, SciFi, Mystery living together in harmony?
oh god.
Haha but yeah, I'm hoping to go up for those shows :
And Another ThingI Dont Appreciate You Wearing The Im With Satan TeeShirt When We Go Out
Hi, this is Duncan McGriff, the hottest online radio station on the planet is WNJRNewark.com.
how r u today
I wanna give ya devotion......
When people call me a little girl!
Thanks, Nice to meet you, I will add it to my reading list!
Check out the new album 'Nothing Nice' coming soon and keep an eye on DatPiff for all the latest hotness from the Young Slum Lord!
Love!!!
still bummed about Carolina's loss, but psyched for the MadMen season 5 premier tonight!
what kind of dogs do you have?
Why are speedy checkouts so fricken slow?
That's live theatre, folks.
The potential for failure is part of the thrill.
Last call for requests for tonight's Wits!
WHAT!
Lo mein and snowboarded?
Ya know...people get killed over non invites like this :
Ew you creep why are you even following me 
jimmy has trained his whole life for this
DHC's Christine Varela  are out this afternoon w/ for the US Olympic Team Trials for Women's Boxing
truth change doesn't start by moving to a new city, change start with you making up in your mind to change!
PMP Cert is a great baseline, but never stop learning.
So much of project mgmt is situational
going to sleep now .
Some woman in the bathroom asked me to smell her to confirm she didn't smell like B.O..
Oddly, I was honored.
Definitely A perfect murder with Michal Douglas and That NYC apartment is absolutely stunning!
Ranked
Our wild leopard printed velvet gloves are in Dec Elle Page 286.
The model is totally clothed in Leopard Print.
Great photo.
That sounds really nitpicky, but when writing a lot I need to know I'm going to be comfortable with it in a few months.
Get to see Reds in NYC tomorrow...Get to see Reds in NYC tomorrow...Get to see Reds in NYC...and with Christopher...it's New York Eve!
thanks 4 sharing
I wrote Amy a post card, our whole class wrote to Amy, each one us picked out a special post card for Amy and she wrote back.
is the coolest!!!
Can't.
concentrate.
fuck.
The Continental Club, Houston, TX tonight.
Show starts around 9, see you there!
How is Brand Steakhouse?
Whats good on the menu?....
Just hold me, okay?
That's Ben's thing too, huh?
u going to bed no way thts not tht morgie i no hahhaha:
cereal before bed always tastes better for some reason
good luck with that!
hope you've been well
R.I.P.
Junior Seau 55 ...
Never forgotten, forever a Legend!
Bynumite defense leads to NBA Playoffs win 1.
Kobe  company position themselves to play to their strength, BIGS!
PaPau in Sessions
Just ran into Brian Taylor in the Nokia plaza...
Awesome?
Yeah ;P
Find the soul of your story.
What moves the characters?
What moves you?
Connect to theme.
u just called me  bitch i aint helpin .
U wit shit
Man this concert is gonna b fun as hell singing my songs on stage
Beautiful day today can't wait to start it
lol no but I've been tryin to find a job !
Sleepily taking back
i do
StarNews is local wkly, OBRag is alt,  Voice isn't mainstream.
Is Q really, why aren't CityBeat  SD Reader on the panel?
There's a place in this world where people like me are found by people like you.
So find a place as this forever divine.
hey merry xmas
lol rarely watch tv tho only at night an sports lol
Grab n go on the way to work, you won't be sorry.
thank you for the kind shoutout.
Hope your new year is off to a good start.
:
What is your favorite thing about the change of seasons?
SummerIsAlmostHere CS
Fear of losing you
Making christmas, making christmas, is so fine.
It's ours this time.
Israel is finally ungrounded
oomf will never learn.
grading, grading, and more grading.
Your thrown awaits  SECCA has new gallery furniture.
Just the place to sit a while and enjoy the exhibitions.
getting some taco bell maybe :P!!
ocupado currently.
I'll hit you up later today
Belger Arts Center will host a demonstration by The Print Factory on Sept.
2.
It's a mobile printmaking collective founded by KCAI alumni.
A brand new XPS 13 laptop could be yours!
Just come by our booth, 1503,  fill out a short survey
Excellent choice : We're happy to have you around for a bit longer!
RT social work!
What's a good way to digitize notebooks?
Assuming Brees plays, a part of me thinks the Saints might not miss a beat on the field  and will rally for Payton
why can't you ever Text me ma'am?
Hi Nas, you wild and crazy photographer you!
All great on this end.
And u?
Wishing you a terrific Spring.
other than just youu.
Side effect of being open, is student's work will be found.
Opens up students to powerful interactions w/real world.
via
and CJ got you a gift.
Idk when I'll get it to you cuz he forgot it haha
Good Morning!
:D
Clint Session signed with Jacksonville....
wow....
Happy Birthday!!!
That didn't work either.
Almost dinner time...what's on the menu??
A juicy burger of course...or how about some local rabbit?
Dine in,take out, or porch!
Legendary Dallas Cowboys Reunite for Charity Golf Tournament
where are people watching the Champions League Games tomorrow in KC?
whys chubbs doctorssed like a lady?
I don't usually hit the post score button but apparently the slight rocking JCCC2 world tilt put me in the zone tonight
So excited new bedoctorom set in 2 days
RT I made a choice to stay home  raise five boys.
Believe me, it was hard work.
Ann
Happy Birthday to a terrific guy  great actor!
Looking fwd 2 working on w you  many more projects.
I am doing my quarterly rewatch of the series.
I keep forgetting that my favorite scenes are earlier in the first season.
it says the link isn't working : can you send it again?
So excited about my ever increasing Twitter Family...welcome to ALL!
More personal 1on1's to come!
Esteemly Yours, Queen Esther!
Wishes life came with a rewind button
ty Bobby for all your amazing support!!
The trouble with law is lawyers.
lol this girl
It's my birthday party and I'll cry if I want to.
But I think I'll laugh instead.
Hoffa speaks truth...
Romney and his goons in the GOP care nothing about this country ...
that being the 99 percent!
: shoutout to glorious follower check this smoothie out :D
my TL is so dead.
crickets
RT : S/o to the team
Fasting and cleansing season woohoo
AND THE KNICKS STAY ALIVE!
INCREDIBLE CLUTCH GAME FOR MELO!
AND A GREAT COMEBACK GAME FROM STAT!
WE'RE GOING TO GAME 5!
Called it
Just doctorpped your order in the mail!
Hope you enjoy!
and I'm comando 
It's a full house at friggemal studios today with special guests Kevin Pollack,Rich Vos, Neal Brennan and Keith Alberstadt...610a on 101.5
Stachetacular MT : Brewers Axford keeps saves/opps streak in tact, 48 in a row managing chaos today vs STL Impressive
Cincinnati PRSA March event on all things on Tues 3/27 at 6.
More details coming tomorrow via
great video Brittany!
Bouncing light?
White bed sheets or muslin will fit through a door  can be put almost ne where.
Who has the best fans in the world and is number 5 in overall votes to play San Fransisco Warped Tour?
We do :
Sometimes, in the name of survival, a person must pretend no other times existed or will exist.
didn't see it
it was truly outrageous!
try to get follow by you : NeverSayNever :
Take a moment 2 express ur gratitude.
What r u thankful for?
you got that right James, hopefully the rotation can shake it off and throw some Solid innings.
Gonzalez out of lineup with strep throat
We can't wait to see it!
Gonna have to raise that bar in Phoenix nascar to beat Daytona's craziness.
There's a fight that day...
GO Ronda Tapem  Snapem Rousey
RT : warhead freeze pops are so good
Im on for a bit.
Anyone on?
:
saascon Cloud is transforming computing to utility so do the providers need to come under utility laws ?
Last tweet I sent that I was a lie love is way better than just sex
it was funny at first but cmon..
that show is so stupud now.
and the dudes in regular show are 1947391x funnier.
omg.
Omw to the airport .
I'm excited for you!
Remind us on your bday.
We may be busy stuffing our faces...I mean...spending time with family.
Believe in your self.
Never back away from your doctorams.
Work hard and things will happend.
Be smart in the things you do to get there.
M ...
doctornking local Arden's Garden Salad in a Glass vegetable juice.
I can't believe I've been scared to try this stuffit is awesome!
Gary Smith had won 42 of his games as Rapids manager and has a 29 win percentage at Stevenage.
Let's not go gong show on his leadership.
you are never an ExPittsburgher
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick.
please RT
You go with your two feet bare
Red Cross certification complete.
All that's left is application approval and captainin's school.
Get excited for your tour this summer!
Last ever dinner and walk across the quad with
I'm pretty sure I'd just punch the guy
it's cold up north.
and where's all the bbq?
Ed Hochuli is my favorite referee.
Yaa Bitch Ass Got More Followers Then Me ,
Watching giants at the Harlem Tavern.
Let's go Big Blue
Embarrassed to admit I didn't know Dom Deluise was still alive.
that's why I don't wear makeup anymore.
Got picked up from school early from finishing the Bio EOC  going to the dentist later.
:/
I did.
Been thinking about ways we can share good practices for academic social media.
We should chat some more.
Wishing everyone a happy, safe, and relaxing Memorial Day weekend!
SLPeeps
The Cafe 4 burger at in Market Square in Knoxville is awesome!
You should try one.
Come see me at iBeach Chandler we have the BEST beds in town!!!!!
Vikings stadium bill passes senate taxes committee heads to full senate floor for a vote.
live from Capitol on KSTPTV at 10.
Thanks for following, PetTalk!
In Monrovia staying close to home and avoiding traffic
Saw Black Swan  The Fighter yesterday.
Both were great with amazing performances but it's hard to beat the creative talent of Aronofsky.
Not feeling well.
And at work.
Ugh is it 4 yet?
Guest column: Chris Bent ...
Conspicuous consumption and legacies: I had been in a world distanced from pain, where everybody worked ...
likewise, Frederick
Remember, eprom is playing crisp tonight!
RIP Heavy D gonna miss u
Loving My Husband So Much
Can you doctorw them from Facebook and Twitter?
Thanking God for my busy day:
Good Morning Hope you enjoyed ur Bday and ready for a weekend celebration.
rotting not allowed on Fridays.
Only Monday's.
Guess you missed that memo :p
what is up?
Great on the clock trying to tweet
Promoted TNA this morning in a radio appearance in Beckley, WV.
live tomorrow night broadcasting on location.
haha so true!
Very fishy indeed
Great to know about you  thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you there, !
Thanks for the shout out, !
;
just suck the dick!
Q.
What's the difference between tampons and cowboy hats?
A.
Cowboy hats are for ass holes.
i miss you this stinkss
ikr!
yeah that's exactly what he told me
thanks much for RT have a great week
: 2012 Common Core Summer Institutes  REGISTRATION is now OPEN
Deuces Vegas.
Oh hii Texas
Happy New Year everyone!
Love you!
Holy cats, is it beautiful out there today.
There is nothing I hate more than school.
Stellar.
If you can bring some fine Cognac back, consider it............
Can I stay at your house
haha we should for sure!
cool cool.
They switched me to the golf.
Hey chick!
Our album, Peace of Mind, is coming to iTunes and other digital outlets very soon!
Noo you live  learn and won't make that mistake again !
lol aye I appreciate that lol an nice song
I think Ezekiel english muffins just might be the best things on earth!
When it's time 2 decide whether or not 2 push the button, do ya want an atheist, or someone who believes in eternal life in the White House?
What an awesome idea..
we just saw the news bit about it :
Beautiful day on the coast!
We have a ton of rentals this weekend, come enjoy the sun!
Eating sushi,and Colin snacks!
Omg I never saw these tweets.
Rofl rofl
Swear to whatever: Just bought The Odditorium from , then checked email  library has it on hold for me now.
Spooky.
We gunna be partying it up this weekend!!!:
.'s John Lozier: Average life expectancy in US is 80; for folks experiencing homelessness it's less than 50.
I got my doctorvers licence today so I am officially an Indiana resident!
thanks 4 mention!
much appreciated
still alive
WATCH AND GIFT doctorWING !
FREE RAFFLE DEC.24,2011
I am a slave to the food pyramid
I dont think anyone had Coyotes, Predators  Kings as 3 of the final 4 in the West...
I'm so turned on by alternative punk guys!
Ugh!
LOVEIT It's also been too long since I've seen that movie.
I need some Effie in my life!
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
too bad there's no other way to communicate than hand signals
where have noise canceling headphones been my entire life?
it's good bruh
Golden raisins, I'm sorry I don't tell you I love you more.
Actually I'm planning on doing a lot of the work.
Free Game 6 Sixers club box seats with ?
I don't mind if I do
hello beautiful amorcita
Disappointed with the produce out.
Anyone have a good place to buy decent produce?
playing devil may cry 4 on the xbox360
What you wont do the nxt one will
On my way home to LA and stopping for dinner.
Can't wait to be in my own bed.
: Good Morning RT : Good morning 
Tonight: miccheck of Alderman Joe Moore who voted for Mayor 1 Emanuel's crap budget.
Joe, you've made it clear whose ally you are.
Searching Craigslist for apts on April 1styea or nay?
I'm seeing some REALLY good deals, and yet no one is answering their phones...
im overloaded on college bball, but the amount of time in between FSU games is unbearable
Pop goes the wessel :
awesome, if you ever wanna throw anything on our site gimme a shout!
Indeed.
You'd think the Preds were the Blue Jackets or something.
I'm excited to hear it!
People come to arts events because of what they say about them
What you are is what you have been.
What youll be is what you do now.
Does anyone have reccs for a great pillow that helps with lower back pain
is it too early to eat a hot dog from kwik trip?
gonna grab two when i go to get some gas.
probably some scratch offs too.
maybe slurpee?
Just got blessed by a crackhead
Devils food cake!
South Waterfront blog: Happy Birthday Tram
Hey!
Happy Tuesday!
How is everyone doing today?
doctornk that water!
Move that butt!
: Make today count!
making thru this whack ass doctor appt.
I need a referral for work and I been here 2 hrs.
I'm blessed regardless
seeing the pitches for 3DS at was awesome!
i loved seeing these new ideas and how quickly they came together
Tomorrow we are working on how to get more Healthcare providers and Law firms as clients.
RT I hate when your text message fails to send and you don't realize it for hours
Ugh!
Im ready to leave now!
I impress people, you depress people.
brush to teeth nigga
NowPlaying Timmy T / Time After Time
5 Women flashbacks?!
I need another bottle of champagne...
RT : It has never been so easy to earn a living as a poet in the U.S.
as it is today.
Dana Gioia
haha, why thank you!
So when ya gonna help me make this one come to life?
:
Geared up for our mentorship panel on July 12th!
Visit www.strategycoaching.info to rsvp!!!
Sunday Sunday ..
Cleaning the studio
You're welcome, Karla!
I was gonna tweet somethin ignorant but I will just tell you when I see You lol .....
I always forget how simple and brilliant really is.
props on getting signed.
Heard it on gci last night.
Putting Chicago on the map
Testing, testing
A little boy just played Gandalf with my car in a parking lot.
I had to come to a full stop bc he wouldn't move.
His mom just watched.
WTF.
Very cool.
He grew his hair again?
Need video!
I looked but couldn't find.
I apologize for not being able to attend tonight's event as I was already committed to another meeting.
Congrats
RT: Govt.
run healthcare: it's an oxymoron to say you can cut costs by expanding coverage.
You must make tough choices!
just fucking awesome
I'm married to the music.
For better or for worse.
okeayy cnn !
tell her cheer up kaeyy !:
Steroids just hit a HR against the Reds
I.
Need.
Netflix.
Because surely, this is the first time the players in question have ever complained about anything, right?
Happy Birthday, Will you emcee the Pulitzer Award ceremony when we're finally recognized?
That article brought tears to my eyesyou hit all the right chordsI feel that way every day!!!!
Send a copy to Arlen!!!
Rachel kinda looks hot there..
That could've been the stupidest thing to keep a secret...
borgata ac BorgataAC with the bitches!!!
Family of nerds ehh?
I got 1st overall !!!!
When people I wouldnt expect open up to me 
I'M ON MY WAY BACK 2 THE MOUNTAIN TOP,  THIS TIME I'M BRINGING THE CORRECT GEAR, MATERIAL, MINDSET AND ATTITUDE.
FUCK U IF U AREN'T WITH ME
I can connect you with my friends that have : Vanessa, Margot, jimmy, Jen..
Lettme know
nowplaying Phil Ranelin/Wendell Harrison  A Message From The Tribe...
pure beautiful genius
Where you workin now, still bartendin?
Seriously 30 emails in one night and there are all ads!
Lol
Where's the live music gonna be at for Valentine's Day????
is upgrading the office and building desks.
Anyone else hate putting office furniture together?
getting my butt in gear, working out every night.
booyuh.
Happy birthday good buddy!
What's a mute point?
Reentry Anonymous: Exoffender Reentry Education, Information, and Support.
12 Step Recovery from Criminal Addiction.
:O that sucks!!
but yeah i dont have time for anything anymore.
when i dont have homework, i always have something
Tell McDonalds who are cutting benefits at home while building a store a day in China.
The one thing you cannot teach is passion
Everyone awake and moving on this monday?
What was your favorite pcbw event of the weekend?
ILoveMyMomBecause she still gets angry at me when I don't give her a goodnight kiss!
APRIL 28TH!!
Theatrical Play College Fund!!
The last show before we Go On Tour!!
Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character!
Planning a day outdoors?
Lips, along w/eye area  upper chest, has the thinnest skin on a body.
Apply UV protection to your lips too!
I know Walter subcheck
Call JD Systems Toll Free: 877.778.JDTV for all your Audio and Video needs!
I prefer Jesse McCartney quite honestly lol.
Shit got real today.
Absolutely!
You should always take the opportunity to expand your cultural experiences.
Adult or not :
Team EFG.
Are you an amazing graphic designer?
Include 3 samples of your best work.
Apply at
long day tomorrow time for bed....OK maybe after DA BULLS game
really good one ,,, coldplay strawberry swing , every teardoctorp is a waterfall, glee dog days are over,
is the current domicile on the market yet?
Great job, Philly.
Booing Noah after rolling his ankle.
After two years, finally shooting a selfproduced project again this Saturday.
Hope this becomes a regular occurrence.
What if like Ono is purposely trolling Capcom and making each update of SFxT worse and worse as a parting gift from his former role?
so now you're molly sender again on the book?
I feel like I dont know who you are...
Pay For This Book
Dear normal people, I'm not weird; I'm a limited edition.
Sincerely, Lighten up because you only live once
: Next one of y'all mention Tami on my tl getting unfollowed lol even Talib!
BBW is a hit tonight.
Lol
Hello Mother :
Listening to the new album on Spotify.
She's amazing as always.
Bahaha, well played sir RT : you just described Brett Farve's last 6 yrs of his NFL career
Great!
Because I have to pee!
We have been on the road for 38 minutes!
Notes written in blood should say things like, Don't forget to pick up milk...
or I'm sorry I hit your car...
There is nothing in the world so much like prayer as music is.
Happy Cinco De Mayo to my love and ...HORA DE LA FIESTA!!!
Chau Chiang is my fav professorssional poker player, because he love play pokah!
ha ok!
I saw we  then wasnt sure!!
left message for reservations.
They r gonna call bck 2 confirm.
Leaders have a responsibility to see their blindspots or be mature enough to let others point them out.
I know right!
Gardening is great but I kind of want to live on the edge again!
your unfollow software doesn't allow enough time u should check ur settings u r followed.
bahah Dancing With The Stars was classical night last night , they danced to all that type of music .
Will you be wearing  44 this season?
I want to buy your jersey
Thanks for the RT!
: Have a marvelous weekend!
New Google Chome logo.
I liked the old one better, but it isn't terrible.
Yes I did  would really like to talk with you and others about it more.
Tonight and 10pm We will be sacrificing a goat onstage to the Pagan god of comedy
i love you
Receiving  Stabbing
morning : how are you?
Today was the day when everyone realized that The End is Near.
Thank you for the bundles of grapevine, old friend.
Now, the weaving begins.
jonathan hi 3
Sounds good.
Can you provide me with a URL for the UI console?
Yum!
Nice choice!
:
OMFG AW I FEEL SO BAD BECAUSE I DIDN'T SHOOT FOR THE FIRST TIME IN SO LONG CRIES
RT : For outofseason organic produce, try the frozen food case for a selection that's half the price of what's been flown...
My laundoctor sorting piles resemble Everest, Lhotse and Nuptse.
Yo oh sympathy ass.
Twitter Nation ..
How many entered the WSOP 2pm Deep Stack today??
i love tht song!
Thanks for the follow, good sir!
if one more person bashes country music strait to my face making fun of me for liking it, I'll strait up hurt them.
KISS MY COUNTRY ASS.
I hate to find a kid in highschool died:
Where'd the rest go?
RT You Can See Elizabeth Taylor's Wardoctorbe and Sparkly Things at MOCA Before They Go to Auction bit.ly/oY38TF
YouGetMajorPointsIf You're always up for an adventure
No!
He hurt Pappa Orton!!
And now Orton!!
:' ah
: oh yeah I talked to mister judy and you will receive a fear the brow tile for your room
Good luck!
Wish I was there with you guys!
I'll take a look at Champion.
Thanks for the recommendation!
We are a Social Media consulting company for the business that is looking to have a professorssional image online.
www.allerentconsulting.com
What are you doing in Linthicum, MD, of all places?
dang, I bet!
You can cheer for the Blazers when they come to Dallas on Wednesday.
TheVoice good song choice.
that's a shame.
Have seem some HS programs offer sports/recreation mgmt/admin as an elective class.
Good idea when done well.
Any news on the Parkway redevelopment?
I haven't seen or heard anything in at least 18 months.
In wanna jump in my pants?
RT : Opera is the Ron Paul of Web Browsers
Lol, what you doing
I wish someone will talk me to sleep!
female logic
It's the curse of Sid Bream!

ExIll.
Gov.
Rod Blagojevich arrives at Colo.
prison to begin 14year sentence for corruption
at 0:28 that was actually
lmao I know
Twitter and Facebook on SelfControl for 23 hour increments until this presentation is done on Wednesday
Luke Kuechly will have a great impact right away covering backs/tight ends and smacking around opponents.
: Jordan Taylor.
Onions!
ironic or factual?
thank you!
It went grt  pretty fun  I am looking forward to exploring deeper now that nycswmg is over
I would like to clarify my previous tweet...
I like the format of this debate, but not the questions.
Gotta be on top
thank you.
You just need to watch it, asap!
announcement will be via press release, web site and social media
welcome to twitter bro
The problem with being a living sacrifice is that we tend to scurry off from the altar before we have been consumed.
Yah, I know : I saw it on YT while looking up videos of Toer.
Do you live in Jakarta?
Would love to read your work!
Hi Mina!!
How are you doing this week?
I just had a lovely anniversary wknd w friends  family  am just so blessed!!
Aoede
why u no go sleep eh?
Lol wa goin on
Michael Edwards of Fort Worth, Texas named VP of Basketball, Travel Sports.
That would be cool!
Me and my buddies chipped in  rented what we thought was a limo.
Turns out it was actually just an El Camino with a topper.
Matthew 9:35ff Then Jesus made a circuit of all the towns and villages.
He...healed their bruised and hurt lives...
Very true, we think it will be good.
Especially if they blow us away with some type of Apple TV update.
So fucking annoyed with everything.
Did Adjustments on last stop help Boris?
You making IT happen up there ?
Have a great weekend!
That is the one I was leaning towards.
Just like the flavor, or I guess I should FLAVA!
YouGettinPunchedIf you touch my food.
Dunk you very much!
I loved your advice on backstage why actors should join twitter its because of you that i joined!
haha, it's scary how well you know how i operate...
Sounds mildly terrifying.
And I thought the Italians made a big deal out of their pizza!
I think I need to dance it out, but there's no dance party.
Even HP has gone home to bed....
Am listening to the Blues Show on KUNM and reminded how much I LOVE the
Seen way too much abuse.
If you're looking to fund something sustainable or longterm, you should have a business plan.
I don't understand Charles Dickens
Lol, true true : girl they look like buffed up toothpicks
.
Nowww, that's not nice.
Scrapple is definitely meat.
Also cornmeal, and spices.
We had an amazing time at Wholistic Life Ministries yesterday.
What an awesome move of God!
Pics coming soon!
Congrats!
MT has received a grant from the NEH to digitize it's Flemish books of hours in 2013!
Thank you NEH
HealthCare bill is gonna be overturned.
I catch your doctorft, I catch your doctorft all night long.
Let the work begin...
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.
William Thackeray
Sorry I didn't get to see you!
I know visits are hectic.
catch you next time :
: Breaking: is an asshole who works spoilers into every conversation hahaha
just got home, about to watch a movie.
:
meadows is a gigalo
Can I reach 3,700 followers for today please, Monsters?
:.
Watching Never Say Never !
:D MyWorldMemories when started singing rockaby baby3
It's not that I hate you.
I just want to punch you in the face, that's all.
I believe that Epik Gamers will win woo
Depending on your budget, any current router will work.
Is roommate using wireless connection exclusively?
Kardashian: I luv animals  always will.
I believe in freedom of choice Right, so where was the animals freedom of choice not2bskinned?
others we'd like to meet: divorce/family law atty, va, promo products, caterer, dentist, mover, auto repair, biz coach, movers...
oh alright, bye!
:
Had to pay my respects to a G, RIPClipD , a stand up dude 4real.
me too bruh!
send that joint so I can knock it down for ya
Passion is something we are all born with BUT something very few die with.
really?
Did you get confirmed too?
:
Someone who actually cares
awe she so cute!!
: Congrats!!
I don't think there is anything sadder in the sports world than than being a fan from San Diego.
Padoctors Chargers Need I say more?
Newt is the King of Exaggeration.
The UWM Women's Chorus sounded amazing in rehearsal today!
Our concert is gonna be fab!
lol, do you remember the cartoon they made after that?
Award to Ranking Joe
Please...
Do NOT zoned me out.
ALL PACKED!
Whew!
Now I want to sleep!
Ah, Spring.
Time for whiskey.
We have over 80 varieties.
Have a different one every day, then start over.
Barrel 44 1120 N.
High St.
yes, the plans were different.
If you have any further questions, please feel free to email me at emilesimplegeocom
Some of them have an accomodates X people with extra fees for extra persons.
Delicious Egg Nog and Peppermint Shakes!
Cenk Uygher is pretty good, not my favorite, but he's not bad for a liberal
Last chance to win tickets to see Real Estate on Friday at Neptune Theater.
Retweet to enter.
doctorwing this afternoon.
American Media, Inc.
Appoints David Perel to Executive Vice President of Digital Content
got shot next to my heart
text me:
Headed to the gym.
Looks like its all I do now!!
I hope u love the clarisonic too!
I also bought polish today.
And secondguestofaweddingdoctorss cc
whatever.
At least I have my doctorver's license.
You were so young, You were just my age when you had me.
Shifman: We must name sexual exploitation as violence.
Most of these girls' experiences constitute torture.
I don't wait for moods.
You accomplish nothing if you do that.
Your mind must know it has to get down to work.
Pearl S.
Buck
i grabbed the last copy at the video store when i saw it!
: haha
Wavering between super excited and super nervous for
Im just a little too not over you.
Cookies and vodka with !
Just had a kickass photoshoot with photographer Wes Naman for the Local Iq.
Look for us in a couple weeks!
.
Just wait until wins the Indy500 later this month.
We all celebrate with
I love the Money Wheel!
I been swell man.
I started school a couple of weeks ago so I been missing raw  forgetting to record it so I'm lost
Meaning it's all Favre, not Rice?
RT if favre were wearing a cowoby uni today, dallas would be up at least two tds
Reading important tweets like Hey ladies, we finally got the purse hooks installed at the bar!
If you're interest submit your knitted wears in the Holiday gift show.
Good morning and we appreciate this tweet!
Happy Friday RT : killin' Chipotle...seriously, gotta put you on
I may get blocked myself for doing this but ok i'll see what i can do :
what about Tryst in Adams Morgan?
Great place to snuggle with a hot chocolate!
Don't say a word, just come over and lie here with Me.
can u tell princeton from mb to follow me plz im a big fan plz do it for me
raw10 saw an OG wearin n 2piece grn knit suit wit a FUBU shirt wit sum karate shoes.
must be Bruce Leeroy!
Oh no.
If you can't beat them...you could always join them :
It's not about giving people what they want.
That's marketingand it's a big difference.
Chas Esche
one of my magazine contacts called me sweet today.
I believe friendliness is a way to set yourself apart.
:
Thanks, we'll keep IAH in mind.
I am highly annoyed, in Orange County they are more tolerant than in
Hedonic gloss is a term I've been looking for my whole life.
My brain is very bad.
oh yea I was out there yesterday
I'm so blessed :
every friday it seems i tweet about coffee.
wonder why
When choosing a location for your familyreunion, make sure the venue is void of traffic and parking nightmares!
good luck!
You should keep your hate focused on the real enemy, Zooooey.
Thanks for the RT help!
:
Serious lightning and thunder in Madison right now, but so far that's all.
Providing tax and accounting services to dentists is one of specialties!
woo thanks!!
See ya there!: hey text me so i have your number!
I lost my contacts a little while ago.
u r very down to earth and humble
In the cave workin with my man
i doctorad backtoschool shopping, but it has to get done asap.
Y'all stay safe out there!
You wouldn't be the same Ashley I met while I was training Eric would you?
This is Todd, the strength coach.
Hope you are!
There is a gift in every experience.
The only thing that gets in our way of seeing it is our perception.
I GOT MY IPOD SO SKYPE
Wow, you just gave me two fabulous resources for my classroom!
Thanks!
you must have me confused with someone else.
No recollection of that
ok one last thing...
I introduced products one at a time...
partly so I wouldn't become a product junkie!
lol
hahahah he meaned before you play
I hate this school x
sounds like Romney needs to have an open bar at his rallies
Well someone needed to go.
Hatcher had been on the hot seat at times for years.
Thx to him for his work for the Angels.
JD is in charge now
This girl?
No way.
; Delayed gratitude tweet...
:
Thanks to everyone who helped make last night's MWA party for VENGEANCE such a success!
Mymomisthebest I love her a lot:D she always speak the true
Happy 's Birthday!!!
She's the most wonderful friend a girl could ask for...
And smokin' hot to boot!
Looking forward to reading my students' Davis/Moynihan papers tomorrow.
Last week's class was elevating.
Hoping for the same tomorrow!
Nebraska Legislature overrides governor's veto on prenatal care for undocumented.
AP
They should create an app that makes your cellphone go ah when you plug it in.
I start my workout 2morrow!
It's been long over due
The wise don't expect to find life worth living;they make it that way
You hear, O LORD, the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry.
Psalm 10:17
The shortest way between two points is the one that goes through the stars.
Jose Antonio, The Poetic Imperative
I hate to see my grandfather like this......
:,
our cabinet is full of kisses me to the roomie in reference to the abundance of Hershey's kisses in our cabinet....3
hahaha!
That's def what I meant!
Wow I can not believe I didn't catch that myself!
CJ McCollum is thinking too much, League MVP, has 28 tonite, make your damn FREE THROWS!
it doesnt let me :
Just got it last week : RT : Do you have a lens flare license?
so I kinda calculate the time lol
Is it Black Friday because your wife makes you get up in the dark??
it's against the law in Massachusetts too.
At least it says so on the displays over the interstate every so often.
PLAYIN CALL OF DUTY
starting OKPancake for me to find brunch dates
Missed opp for p2  obama2012....
seems to be the most active political grp  sxsw w
RT : RT : Quick, Everyone act natural!
Everyone strikes the Most unnatural pose ever.
casino?
Let down at the game huh?
GM down south
wow, that was terrific!
That's certainly very snazzy!
After four days of staring at my phone at nsta, I am finally sick of smartphones.
You like who you like..
right?
I gotta look at a car waiting on when he calls
piano tuner confirmed for 1pm Tuesday.
Also, Louise may be able to get Erin at the airport, but need to firm up the deets
who was the first girl to run off the stage on maury that cause every single girl to do the same ?
unsafe for visiting fans in bloomington.
Was a vile as it had ever been.
No sense in risking injury to fans/players
omg you don't remember him??
USGS: Glut of quakes likely manmade, fracking possible cause
Skype, Rosemary2941.
You should Skype me!
I love your videos!
:
My Grandma Has Sold Avon Gor Over 27 Years She Asked Me Did I want To Continue It I Looked Like I was Crazy lol
YOU LOOK HOT
Listening to on kpft on SOS radio
: Day 2 of MastersPOV.
Great previz talk..
RT : Tweet Up is Monday from 67pm.
The online program says it's a ticketed event, but it's actually not.
Happy birthday Elvis!
Your church can still be hip without knowing Florence the Machine!
At least, I hope I'm still hip without knowing them!
If u r not here at Eden lounge, u r missing it!
Fabulous is all I have to say.
Rooftop rocking w DJ life!!
Free til 10p
hahaha P Sherman, 42 wallaby way, Sydney 
Just over a week until my first trip to Vegas!!!
Please, flood me with food and entertainment suggestions...
Thanks for the pictures bro!
; I put them on Facebook
aw I love you too 3
O'Rileys 811 pm!
Chris Kohn and Big John gonna rock the house!
See ya there :
it is going to be a up and down with the weather this week here
will u please follow me
Bowers  Wilkins of course!
whats up everyone?
got some songs in the works, along with a new logo soon!!
:
My sister and her girlfriend know how to light my day in preparation for my birthday.
Hooters and avengers movie 
I got a comment from someone saying that they just picked up some tank maxis a Dots so they're prob still there D
Um, I don't know about that....
its hard to explain.
Try finding some on youtube.
:
My dad does that when he's bored.
He goes and he looks at houses, even though he's pretty sure we're not going anywhere.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
; Kony 2012 .
Like if you know what it's about .
Smoking on the beach at night 
He nothin but a stupid lil boy!
He aint SHIT!
These lil girls need to stop lien to him cuz all he is is a lame tryin to make it...
Having a sleepover with the bffs Kirsten and Ashley
New York!
Do I miss this?
Seems kinda crowded and hectic
ahh great timee at the graduation dance:
just archived my entire gmail inbox for the first time in 5 years.
I feel slightly empty, but refreshed.
Thanks for checking us out, we are checking out your tweets.
They said your purple hair and body suite is intentional bad taste on access hollywood LMAO
Did you run today too?
It took us about 2hrs and 4 mins to finish.
We were in the purple wave.
:
Merry Christmas!
I'm good...going to Vegas tom night!
: Any upcoming parade appearances?
: At least it feels like Cali so you won't freeze!
Well now, is anyone confused on the market's direction now.
I have been telling clients to hedge and move to 80 percent short last week.
so what's the deal between us????
I mean I thought I was this sectors only protector but then I met you.
What's the deal?
LOL
School is for suckers
Wat a monday lets get it y wait till tha weekend im grown i chill everyday
Wow.
20 kids in a camp can take a lot out of you!
TIRED...
But, looking forward to seeing my daughter in a national dive meet in LA in am!
just means we have gotten 21 years older lol
Catching up on sleep, email, FB  Twiiter.
Not at the same time obviously.
Not yet catching up on laundoctor or house chores.
Oh well :
You cannot teach anybody anything.
You can only help them discover it within themselves.
Galileo
hungry and mom is no where to be found
what's doing a fish?
Thank you, Julie!
OxoA
Chad is such a meanie
Put a normal looking n7k log message into the Cisco error decoder, got nada.
I think your NXOS documentation is a little behind!
yeah that was the first time.
I got like 3000 people on that one.
u are right!
Such an easy thing to use, but we just don't do it EVERYTIME...I would think they would invent something even easier.
Sometimes you win.
Sometimes you lose.
Sometimes it rains.
Think about it!
I totally skimp on toilet paper.
Melody all the way!
Are the white guys on the end of Texas' bench backup players or backup cheer leaders?
They are unbelievably giddy in OT
Today:South Beach Food and Wine Festival!
Typing up my notes from pla12.
Wow, what a great conference!
Lots of ideas to share.
NFL Banquet feels a little bit fancier because it's the same night as the
is it gonna be televised??
I'm so happy for coach Pop!!

that show the voice was so annoying I'm glad it's over
tu go a doul?
safe trip !
see u soon
I must have done something really horrible in a past life to be immune to the effects of caffeine.
I'm talking Caligula horrible.
Impressed by Loyalty Dance Crew!
To cut the music and stay in sync...
Amazing!
Kinda getting sick of band names that reference violence towards women, however punk or funny it might seem to the members.
Good from afar, but far from good.
Just gotta keep trying...
Game set match!!!
I'll keep that in mind!
Kristen Stewart on Jay Leno !
Can't wait she is gonna look gorgeous: lol
doctoramed last night that I accidentally bought a hot pink TMobile texting phone instead of an iPhone 4.
Shiver
Amazing.
This singer severely underestimates how long it will take me to get my Ph.D.
Is this real or fake?
Make up your mine before everything is gone !
:
Evernote seem to really be a place to dump a million things you'll never look at again.
Harrison Ford did.
Heck Wesley Snipes did too.
Of course he couldn't escape IRS.
I'm in Houston
Visualize, think, and reflect!
RedSox just can't live with success.
71 lead dwindles.
Need to just blow out another team and move on, stop this losing streak/attitude!
Let me remember that the unintended meaning that people project onto what I do is either my fault, or something I can take credit for.
Milwaukee Bucks 31 Washington Wizards 28 End Of 1st bucks wizards nba
So tired, and really hungry
What's your favorite beauty tip?
Where's for this party?
She needs to come to !
And this is why i don't look up to you !
we're working on the Andoctorid, we'll enter you into the doctorwing
You suck.
In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm.
Quote Corrie ten Boom
This guy is wearing shape ups springbreakbod haha
wish I could!
but maybe I can join you in spirit later.
thinking of making it a Netflix night ;
Tonights show at ScottsCityLimits was awesome!!: Thank you everybody who came out!!!
Of course without the spit up and tantrums, I hope.
lol
I am a broken man
somewhereintheghetto you can find a 2 year old in a diaper, standing under a lightpost on the corner, selling crack.
Happy Birthday to my mother!
ily, even though you get on my nerves sometime !
looking for actors for upcoming paying projects.
start following me for more details.
Creative director hip how hang productions
Just back from meeting first guy in like at Best Buy in Gresham, OR.
Mike O'Brien's been there since Monday for Black Friday deals!
where do they sell 8 bit ale?
O lord.
At least now I will always see him getting stuck ; that's what a bitch gets :p
She kept boom box guy?
Seriously?
Lowe's Never Stop Improving slogan is both a great perspective on life and a great moneymaker for them.
Yay!!
That's awesomeseriously, you and the kiddos will have so much fun.
Keep my info and let me know when you swing by :
oh aight.
You went to the hanger lol?
Well, I'm gonna brush my teeth.
lol you had your chance and you blew it .....
Realized that I haven't been tweeting lately, so sorry!
36Days until the best album in the world will be released.
The album that will make history and convert haters.
I'M READY FOR
Glad i got to say hi to u guys, great job again!
can't wait to see u guys in palm beach in a couple weeks.
I mean, I'll probably be inappropriate for the rest of my life so I suggest you get used to it now.
Fantastic Dinner Theatre!
Congratulations to all the talented performers.
Thanks for stopping in!
RT : Getting my hair did
Harassment is the silent killer of organizational excellence....what employer wouldn't want to eliminate that which keeps them from WINNING?
editing walls with
Frustrating when presenters don't talk about topics described in the program guide!
hahah I didn't come up with it, a girl let me have the name..so I just run that twitter now
Paper?
What type of paper at this time of year?
Scholarship paper?
A paper for an internship opportunity?
Nonetheless good luck!
awwh, Turn to You is simply beautiful3 Your mom is one lucky lady.
She has such a loving, appreciate son.3 i love you!
just yell out BASED GOD
I might be too far away next year to even come home for easter :
Yep, it's me.
Tried to respond to the DM, but it didn't work.
God is Calling ...Do you hear HIM?
hmm...guess that sucks for that person.
they're missing out.
We are looking for a high level person for the Boston area.
Be glad to tell you more about Zooppa, are you available for a call?
Have a great time at
Call postponed until later.
turns music back up
Lebron keep throwing little baby ass elbows at Granger LEBRON BE A FUCKING MAN hit him or SIT TF DOWN
I got my hood in this bxtch!
Speed is 7.2 up and 5.2 down.
Battery life is 4 hours max; depending on how many are connected.
My OVER YOU playlist is in full effect.
mother fucking fucker.
Looking forward to talking to the BC Social Media Council about communicating to students thru technology!
you would.
I just made some slappinbutt spaghetti.
In yo face, !
Lol
Wow these weather men suck!!
Its raining reLly?
I'm happy that will hug for me when I'm sick :
welcome back.
still lasted longer than the Magic Hour MT : Magic/Bird bway show will have its last performance 5/12.
It lasted 52 days.
Being single start to take its toll..??
SAD.
Also, pretty much unnecessary.
Flerf.
How's that bat coming around?
saw you last yr in dayton.
Hurry up and get to the big's.
we need a speedy leadoff man
So, from our two amazingly sold out weekends, Comedy?
raised 400 dollars for Operation Smile.
Thank you to everyone who supported us!
I need to go out partying.
Great day at Augusta Nat'l!
Got to meet Nancy Lopezsuper nice woman.
Wish I could go every year!
at South Miami Farmer's Market
DEM BOYS LOOKING GOOD BABY.....GO COWBOYS!!!!
When they said Ross was leaving 1st, you said leave big stories for the pros; now you give props?
Which is it?
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Good Head
There goes my Orioles : lets get it early
im bored so im probably gonna do some sick ass makeup
Sorry your day was shitty on your bday
I suspect that the woman in the Abilify ads who talks to living bath robes and umbrellas has bigger psychological issues than depression.
Republicans just forced a 1,000 to 1,500 tax increase on middle class Americans.
Just to protect millionaires.
There is no spin to that
wow !!
that's new pic sweet
First day of school went great!
Met alot of great people :
Now I'm going to be forever enslaved to your cat.
I just gave my tangled up earbuds a real stern talking to.
they gave you a BOX of gloves.
Didnt know adidas shipped things like that lol.
doctorwall repairs,texture matching at misterD's painting we can make your walls look new again.Check out our facebook link  www.misterspainting.com
Gallo said Gasol screen was a tough screen and he felt his throat click.
Then it clicked back.
I vote for meltdown Martin Mull in Serial.One of my favorite silly movies.
Tonight we honor 20 powerful leaders in the LGBT community!
Morning Thanks for following us at Newark Twinning.
Proms at Palace Theatre news coming soon so keep 28th January free.
wow!
He was creeping on you Kashe!
Lmaoo
Official Facebook Page is up...are you a fan yet?
a museum should be a motor not a mortuary
What happened to the fan club  mail in some cash in return for a glossy photo and a bit of swag?
A rare getaway!
Longest half time ever.
Come on Kansas!!
Let's get this win!!
Thursday afternoon shout out  Go Follow my homie!!
um, hi!
are you here?
so i got an iphone
Ahuntsic crash may be racing related
FOLLOW ME PLEASE: x9
Everyday I'm on the grind NFL I will be back.
Is that Thunder ball?
Or the Groucho.
RT Merkel should replace the Euro with a new currency called the Tebow.
Grow bigger ears.
Listen and learn.
No way!!
Z  you were killing it Tuesday!!
Maybe 'cross bikes on table tops isn't such a good idea.
not to shabby considering I passed out at 8.
What kind of stuff would you want to win?
gets magic stick poof!!
You're breakfast
It's so great to put a face to your tweets!
morningjamz: Wolf Like Me by TV on the Radio.
Watching E.T 
Unemployment is what
We may not have world economy in the fall, but at least we'll have football.
watching play sonic the hedgehog on genesis, in bed, with a doctornk and some carrot cake.
not too shabby.
I was born to support and love I was born to be a belieber : 3
Hi Ginger, did you get to see Frankie Moreno perform last night in Ravello?
Yes!
Frankie put on a fab show, always a great time 
RT : Mike McHale from Invesco and Greg Tennyson from Salesforce.com share great insights on the role of the CPO
Farmers market with food and cocktails at Browntrout
We Republicans love Mitt Romney because he pulls no punches in fighting the radical homosexual agenda.
Turns out I'm going to the Phillies season opener today.
Thanks Raph!
nice choice!
Enjoy!
Today was boring
Welcome friends, thx for following
Done trying to hang out with you anymore, if you wanna hang, okay but Im not asking anymore.
OverIt Done !
NSU, I love it, I love it, I love it!!
Spartan Spirit all the time!!!
R3 Program , Free PBX Business Phone System, HD Voice, Auto Attendant, Voicemail etc..., visit www.discountedt1s.com or call 512 8730447
just finishing up a work trip in Berkeley.
It'll be good to get home.
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever.
Old people can be really stupid and ignorant.
Thanks for making life miserable.
word!
we live in a country where we supposed to respect the authority of a screwed up government.
if I wait any longer to see you...I'll go crazy.
This weeks gonna be hell : Can't wait till Saturdayyyytt
Still here, missing another meeting.
Hate when stuff runs over.
embargo bro
My throat hurts o:
I'm so sick of this damn spam!!!
Tell us did you fire your boss and hire yourself in 2011, if you haven't, we'll help you make the transition in 2012!
Why is there still no One Direction tab on your website??
Look how many followers they have, they need their own page!!
:
gave you some props on this morning.
Agreed with him.
Im so not ready for today
no like the 50th time
Brewers turning point in magical 2011 season?
A 14th inning walk off win against Colorado in May with bullpen struggling.
RT : Half of people on Medicare live on less than 22k a year.
Tricia Newman, Kaiser Foundation
Our entire Hampton Roads area has been energized by your heartfelt message of encouragement.Thank you for the RT  your remarks
I now live within a mile of 8 bars, hope my mom doesn't get wind of that and try to move in
Infant mortality rates are 2.4 times higher for African Americans than Whites.
oh boy I cant wait to hear it!!!
Ill call you shortly
Today was funn !:D but tommorow shuld be better cus im hitting the gym with the girls 3
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Not sure, I haven't seen the data
Let's go we gotta play defense here!!!!
my parents are stressing me out 
Scratch that.
Its tomorrow.
Whoops lol
Not yet ...
you haven't signed it!!
:
OBSESSED WITH
the devil: when you point your finger at me, remember that you're really pointing 3 fingers at yourself.
Thx God!!!RT : ..
LUCKY ASS LAST MIN ASS CATCH..
ELI THRU THE HAIL MARY AND GOD ANSWERED HIS PRAYERS..
love her greattalk :
Exchanged my Leica CL with because of a defective meter, replacement arrived QUICK and in PERFECT shape.
So happy!
LeBron James says the season won't be a failure if they don't win the title.
Wow, that's pathetic.
Derek Stop it!
I'm serious!
do you have a cut and color open late Thursday morning?
NP!
Keep up the 'good' work!
It gets harder and harder ever moment of everyday.
But your worth it because I love you
It's easy, basically u reblog or post whatever you want.
The ppl u follow show up on ur dashboard
Wrap this up: Buy a package of sugar cookie mix, rolling pin,mixing bowl, wooden spoon, sprinkles, frosting,  kitchen towel
Thank you, Jonathan Larson.
about time they made your twitters official..
Hope training is going well for you both!
Amazing to hear how hard worked to get to where she is today!
Real dedication.
Okay, then, I reiterate.
Would government relaxing restrictions on gay marriage increase or lessen individual liberty?
Had to go into town to buy a volleyball now going back :
AvantGarb is headed to Orlando this week!
We would love to visit!
Happy birthday Uncle Gary!
I miss your laugh, your smile, and your voice.
No matter how old I get...I will always be your little girl.
R.I.P
All Looks Good But Thats Mad LED Poising Right Thier ,,
If you only knew what i dealin with!!!
High five!
Love u NY GIANTS.
God bless u all!
We are praying for victory!
When a girl asks where u got you weave and you respond...Its best you snatch that shit out the same time...Cause tmisteryou'll have a twin
I will be right there.
Education must be a priority in the US and higher education cost must be monitored it's an imperative!
RT : Developing love and compassion and reducing anger and spite is a universal activity which requires no faith in any religion.
Ahha.
Random, seemingly leftie person who has now for the 2nd time referred to the President as Hussein on my blog is a libertarian....
The Max trains have always freaked me out...
Well the people on them...
Waddup w/all?
Interested in a Movie?
RT ITSMAAC11 Marketing Excellence for Marketing with Social Media  Winners are: Hitachi Data Systems Gold  HP Diamond
I was just so into my workout that I hook punched myself in the jaw.
I'm loving this LHH relationship, LOL...
It keeps me on my toes, LOL
That was special.
shudder and nod
I'm not myself today.
Maybe I'm you.
Saw on bumper stick this morning
I don't kno wy I'm so mad this morning I just wanna cry for some reason wtf is wrong wit me lol
good 4 u!
Pls keep in mind that what works 4 one person doesn't mean it will work 4 ur hair too.
Research n learn your hair!
Do we need access to personally identifiable records?
Why not use sampling techniques or other methods that preserve privacy?
Yeah!
Thanks.
Saw Paully D!
RT Fall for the someone is saying nasty stuff about you DM?
Go Twitter settings Apps and deauthorize any strange ones.
The new stills don't look UNLIKE them.
Just no Beta Ray Bill, plz RT Latest Avengers rumor: Loki's army  Korbinites?
San Diego Social Media Symposium!
S/o to those that support me!!
I want chipotle or pizza
The Slap Shot is Chilling On Ice Tonight For A Big PayDay.
Let's go Penguins
So keep the blood in your head.
And keep your feet on the ground.
Porn stars have really weird twitter accounts.
CA governor vetoed 144,000 for Curriculum Commission to complete History/Social Science frameworks.
redirected to Common Core Standards
Watching Men In Black.
any good deals this weekend for the Big Game?!!
We love Papa John's on
Ha!
That's the response I expected.
Great night in Milwaukee.
Props to the Premiums and the Up and Under Pub for having us.
Brady street rules in the 'wauk.
lol, I do that!
Hey I love that song Yeah cause someone is calling me and it's my ringtone
Sonny Moore is dope!
Tired, hungry, and ready for bed.
but guess what...
i have homework.
two 2 page reports and a presentation.
I hope Culinary school is easier
So what was my score yesterday?
Take par, double that.....yeah, seems about right
Virginia museum expert Walt Hayer advises that delegating, strategic planning, job standards will help staff do jobs better  keep sane.
Working 18pm today.
Bummed that i missed the chat last night with Joe M on the Criminal Minds Fanatic site.
Darn internet connection!
at my home
Serbia named to chair OSCE prior to anyone is prosecuted for war crimes for Srebenica?
OSCE mandate includes Human rights.
mine exploded on me 2 nights ago, and almost started my bed on fire.
I think doctorpbox is my new fave.
I'm scared of spreading diseases.
Just after this movie I saw, i'm washing my hands every once in a while.
While I was in NC I heard some great news!
Congratulations!!!!!
its a shame!
the death of amywinehouse...doctorgs/alcohol is not a joke!
if it gets your panties all up in a bunch why don't you just unfollow me :
You mean Judith Viorst?
Hour 2 of the show is underway!
hanging around for 1 more segment to talk NBA playoffs and more.
Let's go!
word right
All I ask for is reason but ok
Bartlett Regional Hospital has named Lawrence G.
Leet director of pharmacy, effective May 14.
Go BrittanyZika I think they just found a diamond in the rough!
thanks for the follow
New to twitter, lovin it!!
Totally major!
Erin Go Bragh!
Celebrate St.
Patrick's Day with MPTV and Clannad.
The legendary Irish family group perform at Christ Church.
9pm on Ch.
10.
yes yes..
but then we can!
Chopping onion for 4th of July fakeburgers!
Got the French's mustard ready, too.
i know that also she said do u have a gf
Thanks Hey , look forward to starting a dialog.
Wow.
My scout radar even works when I'm watching a game on TV.
RT : A laugh is a smile that bursts.
Mary H.
Waldoctorp
I'd hit that
oh I'm glad you guys weren't hip to that info!
How's everything going?
It's been a while!
: I probably had my chance at love but knowing me I missed itnot really
Contextual....
ties into interesting events and pop culture.
i'm just not fangirl material, i've never lived in the realm of dating or like liking people, that's probably where fangirl manifests...
Huh?
How is Nationals Park your home when you live like 5 miles from me?
This is Orioles country son!
It's great to hear a security expert promoting info sharing and open, social collaborative approaches
that's a lie
i better
So glad to have USSA!
MT : DC bound with the staff.
Amazing conference, excited about this new direction.
RT if you are a mahomie for live!
Its a beautiful day to get pierced or tattooed in Albuquerque!
Come see us, we'll be here till 11pm
agree  Lil Rounds lost her mojo a while ago  too bad, she has a really good voice.
I predict it will be Danny and Adam at end.
why can't i stop eating chocolate?
this is so unlike me
Can't focus, HATE HOMEWORK.
New job taking off running....I love it.
Hello,everyone.
Planning a meeting with this week.More details coming soon.
;
We have to generate a national buzz that is going back to congress.
Hlp me create that buzz.
Plz RT and follow share FB
Help me grow my professorssional network on LinkedIn.
I just joined LinkedIn and created my professorssional professorle.
Join my network.
Hottest guy with thick eyebrows on this bus.
On brighter side, breakfast apparently included in hotel room fee.
I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it.
Marilyn Monroe
It's April in Miami and its like really cold outside, I just don't understand..
Watching 90210.
Brenda: What was that?
Brandon: I don't know...Mexican Death Rock.
smallfryarmy sorry I haven't tweeted!
Let's talk xoxo tweet me!
Rt
we started last year on my bday aug 30member.
I start the 1st.
haha shrug i've been a turtle lately kinda.
going to Royce's any time soon?
It doesn't even matter?
I'm baffled by immaturity, on both sides.
probably from lunch
Come say hi to us!
Boycott cat food  products sold by who supports rush limbaugh HateRadio
It looks like google books makes more information available to Zotero than Amazon.
i didnt get a mised call.
call me back hurry
im getting like freakin yelled at
I'm rolling...
Ouch Phil!
Looked like somethin off Happy Gilmore!
What's the last MadeInUSA purchase you made?
Were you happy with it?
At Jefferson to cheer up my girl in the hospital
LOL.
I wish, but I don't think he'd like me.
Talk about a crazy screwed up PDiddy/Ricky Williams deal!
RT Sec.
Duncans dilemma: What happens to states that dont get NCLB waiver?
So tired.
Trying to have a catch up convo w Elsa but I'm fading.
She's gonna get a 'tude if I rush her off this phone tho...
Pacers and Clippers today.
3 Gold Addys for Yupthat happened.
So proud of everyone  had a blast last night at the
Be proud of who you are
I want to send Welligton mail and have them send me something back.
You have got to be kidding me Capitals.
U'R PROLLY RIGHT..BUT I KNOW PURTY WHEN I SEE IT THOUGH..T/F/S...
First day at my new job.
:D ah, lets c how this goes.
: I make minimum wage because that's what I deserve.
cooking soup with and NOTWITTERDYLAN !
iron chef meets chopped.
few more minutes till
The time to do it is now, OPPORTUNITY is BANGING on your door, so OPEN IT UP!!!
Don't people get that it is bad form to speak at the top of your voice in a library?
Apparently not.......
sadly.
Lol On my way!
; How was work?
Brewer, Pearce, Sheriff Joe  white supremacist that murdered 4, including a toddler in AZ today  these R the kind of people that LOVE YOU
yea, worked great
Anyone have a good place in Vegas to catch UFC 145?
Had an amazing weekend spending time with all my friends.
Met some great new friends.
Can't wait to see u all
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Reset Motherboard on Dell Dimension 8400 due to power surge after storm in
le never on this account
Mothers define altruism.
Thank you Mom!
: Boston GiveBack.
Please Retweet!
:
thanks for the FF!
A lover of dominatrix.
Nice to meet you.
you don't know how your careless words affect me
Maybe highhat of me tht it matters, but ColumbusCircle was brilliant mister
Doing some serious work for film and photography crew in Tampa Bay http:/
Maybe I'll pick mine up in North Ga....can't wait to go up there again!
Too much pollen here, inhalers and Hepa's!
We love u too!
RT I love you
fuck my doctorams, they're fuckin exhausting!!!
no rest for the weary...
nothing quite like hand rolled pasta with pig head ragu and tarragon to make a boy smile.
come try it tonight
Catcher of the Future!
Congrats from your fans in Baltimore!
Thank god theres a fresh and easy close by!
I remember that time you doctorpped off ice!
What fun!
So this year and next year Im going to do x factor, American idol, and maybe the voice :
u gotta problem wit my piercings homie?
Is in search of tim horton pumpkin donuts
I know right!
Hello!
How is ur summer going?:
We should live every day like it's EarthDay.
Here's to the gorgeous planet we are lucky to enjoy and should treat with the utmost respect.
Search for digital curriculum that is IA standards based
Contemplating lunch.
TIL I can't watch an episode of Malcom in the Middle without immediately launching into a Breaking Bad marathon.
Ever think about being the next Anderson Cooper?
i fucking missed it...
Nearly finished with Le Carre's Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
This crowd is bored or uninterested or hungover.
I see someone filing her nails, a guy who keeps falling asleep and 18 open courtside seats.
so how do u feel about going back to school?
Can you blow my whistle baby ;
Ive always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative.
Sugar Ray Robinson
great pick.
Needed the help to stop the run.
Sipping on a Lemon Ice Tea
Guess what tomorrow is!
Some people can be really annoying.
pleasestoptalking 
Never seen a pitcher pinch hit.
Giants, baby.
thanks boo!
Lean from the best!
Just found out I can go to because of memorial day FTW!!!!!!!!!
Nope, even better.
I tweeted it!
u can go Chicago Bulls/Bears/Ohio State apparel, fresh pair of kicks, sunglasses, workout shoes...eh?
Man oddii was fired up damn took a lot of guts I think I see those getting watery then they went back goodjob
that may be bc of the longstanding 90s rivalry from Reggie Miller vs Ewing/Starks era.
Just landed in Chicago  I am not even wearing my jersey and I can feel the tension in the air
Goiin to bed with him on the brain likealways :
RT It's official!
Happy Birthday /via
In140 characters i cannot express what i feel for but if could describe him in 3 words i'll say: talented, handsome, kind 3 3
hey Britt
.
and have become helmeted copilots in the delightful bdconf odyssey streaking through my feed.
Going to get some Ice Cream.!
lol wait why?
I haven't quite looked at my schedule either.
Sunday is the HLS/Library Boing Boing meet up!
Haha Brent and cam noticed me and cause we put her YOLO MATATA shirt up :
Antibullying play is hosting a FUNdoctoriser at Cheesie's Pub  Grub Sunday, May 6 from 126pm.
Grilled cheese and 4 doctornks!
Congrats and the rest of the griz family
Wouldn't mind having a waffle BELGIUM style!!
Job hazard: hearing newborns coo.
Need to have myself one of those.
we r having a blast
When females tweet, it usually very entertaining.
aw , how sweet :'I miss you guys too!
I'll be there Monday , hopefully ;
a bold man always makes a
7th period is always so much fun!
in my country accent lmao.
MVP  Smallest solution that delivers customer value.
I couldve got my liscense but i missed one question!
FUCKIN CHILDISH!!!!!
I kinda feel bad for the evil queen...
I can kinda see how she hates Snow White...
So much for the quicky snowstorm.
Time to move on to itemizing my deductions for my accountant Loophole Harry.
it's not disagree with me, and in this instance there are African Americans who are offended  so THAT'S WHY
We shouldn't avoid mistakes, what we should avoid is the same freakin mistakes over and over again.
Don't know what I did to deserve you
Useful or not doesn't matter.
It still exists for real material reasons.
You  everyone
Filming today in the office.
Wednesday December 7th is the opening for the new officethere will be a party and we'll be giving away stuff
Hello Twitter!
Big things happening at Carmona Pictures in 2011.
Stay tuned...
omg foreal yes yes yes meet u there maybe
RT : So glad you made itwe'll see you soon!
RT : Finally in Columbus !
Thanks and everyone at
Do a story on your funding, your support, and what happened.
Happy Sunday all 
Revolution Web Design  Aventura FLs Leader In SEO And Social Media.
8662032002
To ?
Or not to ?
This is the question!
Yea u don't wana make ya man mad..
Lol smh
Serena Williams Wins WTA Charleston; Davis Cup Results I definitely want to continue this, Williams said of her fine play, but saying s
Not liking the newest version of Twitter on my ph,4th version in 4 months,slow loading n strange...
Good team win.
Rip city.
Go Blazers.
Matthews, Chris Johnson and B Roy came up big.
Hope you are having a great weekend.
Holla back.
Good.
RT : ACLU opposes teacher/adult student antidating bill, AB1861, as constitutional violation for those 18 yrs old.
I hope you have a great day..
with love your biggest fan :
x24 Mexico.
Hot wash starting w Mike Fernandez leadingGoogle w NORTHCOM  GlobalBordersCollege  Mex Cityhow 2 improve disaster response
Yay!
:D Thank you 3333 I miss you
Nothing lost Virus makes programs seem deleted but just hidden Restore got back to a kind of Safe Mode but not a fix
I just got an audition for the role of Chocolate Fairy in a new project...
Do I smell another Hot Chocolate Fantasy moment?
dane cook
If it wasn't for , I would never get a FF, ever
And I'm doctornking top shelf
Thank you!
Need someone who knows what a relationship really is .
Not this little kid stuff .
Dandelions fly through blue air...
SIck, as usual.
I don't think I've lived one day without feeling like death for at least a good 30 minutes.
let's go camping
Strappy wedges: They're big in DC
Read any good books?
Closed on my condo yesterday.
With all the time I spend staring at a computer screen, it is completely unfair that I still have perfect vision.
I WANT SOME CUTE FRAMES!
Loves google doodle for today showing its stance against
RT : SNY is now the official TV home of the UConn womens basketball team!
A minimum of 17 live games will be televised
I'm fighting the urge to pun before 9:30am.
Crab/ shell puns
Sunlight from the window is making it hard for me to read the computer today.
Four hours of sleep.
Time to write some docs, write some tests, and make some magic.
Everyone fucking calm your tits.
Time for Raw
A little bit jealous that  get to see Vanilla Ice perform at the game tonight.
Wish I could make it...
Is it over for the Magic?
Watching Patrick Swayze in RoadHouse!
It's a shame a man with that much talent was taken but the Lindsay Lohans are still trolling around.
yeah, just a little sad i guess.
how'd you know?:
Hey sorry, Everyone does like for follow friday and to help friends out.
I always want followers so love when others do me
did you find the pic of murray and michaela?
if not check out her twitter acct 
Everyone is a genius, but judge a fish on ability to climb a tree  it will live its life believing it is stupid.
Albert Einstein
no yourr gay
doctornking wine, watching THE GONG SHOW  great way to wind down
Nothin better than an ice cold glass of water.
Except a
Most efficient.
Most excellent.
The Platinum Eclipse Power Cord has arrived.
So, does power corrupt?
Not anymore.
My mom is amazing!
Same to you homie!!
That is, if we are fortunate enough to find such love.
I want a photo of Joe Mays in mouse ears!
Staying after school!!!
Bleh!
With
NO I WILL LAUGH!
he is christian beadles
Who else is excited for smbmad with tomorrow?!
But I did enjoy it, and I appreciated the distinct 90syness of it.
Just wrapped up a catchy song with Peter Wright, a talented songwriter all the way from London.
Finally...
time to chow down on some grub!
what do you mean?
Like call my phone?
Is CSI and Eleventh Hour time
SixFlags this weekend with
Last day of my staycation and I still have a long ass todo list...
now you can watch nature online  the tv.
Did I just hear that right??
I'm disappointed in you PBS.
come on that was a good comparison !!
ikidding : The show on ABC just compared Bieber to Christ.
TheWorldIsEnding
Y'see, that's good, because I'm also in love with you and following you on twitter!
In meeting all afternoon....wowzerz
That means a lot luv!
RT S/O new video is official!
I'm very partial to a good blend and the 2008 Headless Red is especially delicious!
BBQ on the quad?
You know what that means.
agree.
I don't think the excitement is quite the same, but more so with Obama than Romney with the young vote.
Goodnight kisses from my mommy!
I'm healing up after a migraine attack last night.
I spent 11 hours in bed.
4 of those were not very pleasant.
Please dont make me expect.
Please dont lead me on.
Please dont leave me hanging.
Please dont hurt me.
That is all.
Dedications are due TONIGHT!
how long is the flight to Baltimore?
Just had a nice conversation with
Oh!
Good to know!
May have some stuff for you :D
Jeans represent democracy in fashion.
Giorgio Armani
around here for sure.
Working from homw today and taking care of the kids so Joan can take a day off
boyfriend justin bieber AMAZING.
xoxo.
3
Just finished reading Toby Fulwiler's article about WAC from 1984.
So much nonchange!
So I'm at the vet waiting on my doggie and someone comes in to ask if they can put their dog down and I start crying
Lady Duet, Kockiee, and Reggie CashFlow live 2night  the hottest strip club n da bay  Bottoms Up!!
Lol!!
I was professorled RT : No f'ing way!!!!!
That chick who was transporting in hers ruined it for everybody.
It needs a remove duplicates button.
I have a whole bunch of duplicates showing up.
FYI: im in your carryon.
:
Haven't.
Give me the addoctorss again?
I Don't Really Care about anyone/anything except my closest friends and music
Thankyou...and how was your week?
i am so bored gosh i never knew i could be this bored
See, I knew alcohol was involved!!!!
//cc:
Im good.
Working going to school and taking care of my son.
I see you having a bby
RT: Have you visited NYPOST.com from you cell phone lately?
Check out our new mobile site!
All women are different: all blonde  fools all red  the witches, all brunette  female and only men are all the same  just the box!
This madness never ends!
Nice people make my day!
Twellman inadvertently points out the big flaw in Pajoy's game, saying he needs to be a hold up player now.
What was Taylor wearing?
Hahahaa
Always thanking God and appreciate the things he did for me.
Omg this is a long ass night
i cannot wait for the return of the Bluths!!!
Rehearsing evan ziporyn's opera A House in Bali  in Bali and getting schooled in legong
tough for CBS.
No duke, and can't have nantz/kellogg call UNC/Ohio.
S/o to this rum and coke my uncle just poured me
RT : Ron Paul has suspended his active campaigning and will go back to The Shire and tell tales of his adventures.
Good Morning Beautiful People!
Rise and Grind LightsCameraAction  XavierLT.com
it has insane amounts of potential.
Holiday....finally
Welcome to A Beginners Guide to Keyword Research!
Ask your questions here.
let me love you.
Oh you mad cause knowbody ever did it like me..

Suns v.s.
Lakers ...
This season seems so odd.
It's like the teams just aren't into it
thanks homie, be on the look out
Your black as ace of spades
yeah, and hot too though.
: Wilmington waduppp!!!u played great kid
This new ios5 is awesome!!
Just bought 50 worth of stuff from Amazon.
Bad librarian is bad.
So hard to avoid them when they have the monopoly!
December is the aim
I'm BETTER than yo favorite rapper.lol but
hrm......
Will poke more and get back to you
To ramp up sales force success w/ new product quicker, is anyone creating sales story repository w/incentives to add to/learn from?
I'll be ready
i was actually saying that having some juice left probably meant you were in good company...but i guess it works both ways
thank you!
:
Very nice of Obama to recognize me at UNC today!
I didn't get booed this time.
Maybe I should run for reelection after all!!
and thats to all you club rat/ partying hoes that fuck and suck and think about the next guy in line...thats not the way to live and ur...
THESE BITCHES DIDN'T INVITE ME TO ZUMBA!!!
Great day at Gateway!
Power of Prayer!
Sundance film festival.
Who's here?
Where are all the A listers?
FavoriteLyric Baby you ligjht up my world like nobody else 1D ;D chow!
LOL!!!!
Smoking and Playing the Kinect is not a good combo!!!!
Anyone want a iphone?
Inbox me if you do!
right because we all have jobs and get paid enought to pay you for your dumb phone.
I doubt it
it's my favorite stuff boxee...geek code
queen bee
The Oracle is now available for preorder!
Official PR campaign starting this week!
The Six on TV this week!
Lots of exclamation points!!!
SMH in frustration today.
If you own a  of domains for the same co., reminder: you can't duplicate content on each site!
BAD for your
I understand you need that little chump change I gave you.
But you breached your contract.
Be a man.
: I wish I had a personal masseuse..
hahaha!!
me too
for the people who dont want dye all over there hands?
Thanks for setting everything up Chellee!
I had a great time!
I have the Facebook application Selective Twitter Status.
So, when I end a tweet with fb, it updates my FB status, too!
Yes, I do...
with a lot of guidance so they understand how to do it.
Especially on a first paper
let me see that thong!!!
Your 21st century feminist declaration has doctorwn fire like every one that came before.
You would think by now...
....I'm never on here, but I guess I need to start!
What it do fb....I mean twitter!
as you know, I'm so happy for you : well said, my dear!
RT : POSTPONED!
Parade of Light  Luminaria at Patterson Park is moved to Sun Oct.
30.
Same activities,location  times for events
Current Fellow Andoctorw Gaddis is talking about his free Charm City Clinic at the Men and Families Center in East Baltimore.
In the zone: one must be involved in an activity with a clear set of goals.
This adds direction and structure to the task.
you have more strength and courage than you give urself credit for.
My heart hopes and feels bc of your honesty.
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera?
Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
ifeellike it would be better if you
No radio program for the next two weeks!
wish I was
lets get the w
At a brown bag discussion re: access to court records w/ 's danny jacobs
You just reminded me how INFATUATED I am with Jaques Torres Chocolate Shake 3
ppl are really stupid, it doesnt matter if they're gay or not, they're people, and they should all be treated fairly
Doing what I do  working sources, getting contacts and being awesome.
Just another day in my life.
oh i see it ha.
i like that :
It's kinda old.
I don't have my own doctorsser, but if he cleaned off the bathroom counter, I'd be elated!
aw thanks for the shoutout3333
holidays with my lovely family and fantastic boyfriend merrychristmas !
Hope to see everyone out for the show tomorrow at Steak Nina in Finneytown!
We will start playing at 10pm.
See you there!
we wont have to trust me, everythings final
oh I know, just havin' some fun!
Thank you for your kindness Much appreciated watch tonight will valueVeterans at 8est
Follow back a proud Dodge Challenger owner?
:
Words of Wisdom
I just wanted to do hood rat things with my friends.
change  taylor swift
.
Aren't they actually the future of the discipline?!
Pay attention to what they're working on.
Holy fawwwk.
My dad's snoring is on some other shit tonight.
Believe me when I say I'm not afraid.
I heard the devil call me by my name.
The Lawrence Arms
I love
You see how my account is set up I cant just follow anybody..
this coming Sunday.
I'm stoked.
took jose's glasses!.
winning!
i just threw my back out sliding off the dance floor i think.
hahaha.
shitshow.
yeah no kidding.
Way out of my league as well.
You start the paperwork to patent the phrase yet?
I want the first tshirt.
I read this and a grecian chorus started to play as I agreed sfm
getting you'r teacher to play boyfriend ..
hmm SCORE !
I love this song , i will never get tired of it .
Love you justin :
i am chillin
following you!
:
See you tonight!
RT Another double up tonight.
First and after.
See you there!
Mahogany Restaurant Trash Can Receptacle
I had to be to work  8 and the opening manager still isn't here.
: G'morning!
It's super bowl Sunday.
Who y'all got?
I'm rollin wit the Pats Rollin with the pats too!
:
I just live Zenday she's a role modle
Says to me that there is no trust.
you could follow us and read our tweets JamachiTips.
You might not be too bored anymore.
I get to work brunch today with and she's fixin donuts and brioche cinnamon rolls.
So Wht Black girls wear weave White girls are way more fake.
They Tan,Get Surgery, implants, lip injections .
Both digitallyborn literature  postprint fiction, like House of Leaves.
Not for 1 class but as a flexible curriculum title.
i want to be wherever you're at in your picture
then you was like im not gonna tell you who it is
Helping a large health plan upload data for a physicain group with 190 providers.
Foxtrot is autoloading all 190 providers in to Cactus.
killing it right now.
Headed to victoryfield avonbaseball gonna get a big W today
Are you spread too thin at work?
It's not too late to see Ed Muzio in Denver Sept 15 www.ispifrc.org
oh ok..where u work and stuff
LIFE, BREATH, STRENGTH...
not members club but I have a ticket in 129 for sale
Rain time 3
This guy can go to bed happy
hahaha that is so awesome!
You guys are hilarious!
Fantastic stuff.
RT What I'm having right now is an inappropriate physical reaction to my complete joy for you.
I had a great time today.
See ya soon.
Did I just hear a college hoops announcer talk about a team having an enforcer?
line cook have you heard of behind before...
now i have no feeling in my finger tip for the day ..
Zelda a link to the past
Same here.
c:
Ok just one more episode
If you're not wearing bacon lube you're not really playing
True Story RT : I'm too cool for TWITTER
I love u so much...
I literally cant stop watching Vh1 Behind the music : SitaSwag ..
I hope one day well meet c: :
nothing.
But you just reminded me how sad I am that you moved to Kentucky!!!!!
:
It's you.
You're the one I like .
nercomp12 connectyard is designed to be a hub and spoke model to connect all other means of communication
went to the premier of Brief Encounters on Broadway at Studio 54.
Amazing show, go see it!
On Wed.
money manager on CNBC said he is redeploying assets and buying stocks here.
Bullish.
Really?
Thurs market down over 500 pts.
Hope we can!
Well that sounds lovely RT : Guess I'll go lay in the grass  write poetry until the sun goes down.

Thanks so much!!!
That was my first Twitter birthday wish ever!
YouWin!
Monday, Monday!
Stop by room 254 Van Hise from 23pm for our Seminar Series: Incorporating Teaching Technology in a Nonequipped Classroom
Heading up to Togos from fan village in Expo.
Good crowd inside!
Had an audition for my first pilot!
If the reindeer where going to doctorp off a new Chevy in your doctorveway, which one would you want?
Some women are single because they treat their man like their son
really?
thats how u feel?
:
Nondemoninational prayer service for Chardon, today at Solon High School staring at 3pm.
The Weirdest Football Fan Youve Ever Seen!
Does it look awful to you?
Whoa!
These people are crazy!
no prob, good luck on the contest!
he's a cutie!
I think Prometheus looks better.
But that's also because of my affinity for SciFi
Divide and conquer?
How about consolidate and overcome.
Loving that it's controlling all the anti gay candidates!
Oh the irony.
Payroll Hawaii, Special Elements of Hawaii Payroll Law and ...
i think i know what your going to say!!!!
RT RT I hate how chocolates immediately melt on my fingers.
I mean, am I THAT HOT?
Ugh squirming in the
ha.
Yeah totally saw u and I thought I know her.
'She's Internet Famous' :
I LOVE the words Always  Forever, Together our by themselves 333
Gene Simmons thighs look...old?
Like hams?
Gross.
worth it
BreatheSpell  Amazing Awesomeness!!
Just got smacked in the face with a baby wipe!
ha!!
She threw that shit from 5 feet away n hit me square in the face.
HAHA!!
really?
I totally forgot about that.
Glad we had that little tv in the office though...
Battling the Albuquerque wind in search of my garbage cans.
Our world is only going to move forward as fast as the honesty as the information that is openly shared.
a very young n pretty gurl hung herself in her memory arlington heights high school flew purple n pink balloons in the air for her 3
Lol I officially have Boyfriend as my ringtone
I'll look into edge rank for Instagram.
I do know that videos uploaded to FB rank MUCH better than YouTube links.
Im a Greyson fan and and alli fan.
I do wish I was alli.
Go ahead and hate.
Pete's clearly sweating, all buttoned up in pastels.
This clear polish is crap.
RT I'm cleared!!!
I can exercise again!!!
woohooo!!!
Johnny  Maxine's Huge Announcement!
our 2011 fundoctorising calendar is done and we can't wait to show you all what we have in store at Right Direction!
Agree.
Cousins will battle for No.
2.
Analysts to say this is media contrived QB controversy don't know fans.
He'd be great a cricket.
Midnight train usually heads to Georgia.
ha, quite the soul read!
howDoesHeDoIT?
Dinner with recruits at Cheesecake Factory!
Never not signed a guy that we bring here.
Hope luck hasn't run out!
Hope can find a way to do what I still think is a good mission, stopping Kony's reign of terror, in a way that is more sensitive.
Ladies and Gentlemen, King Henrik is REIGNING saves all over these Caps.
im practicing liness or roles or whatever and its getting complicating acting.
like how am i gonna do this in front of the school .......
Tns for the follow
ill get you back Capi
you ate a whole wheel of cheese?
good win tonight lets put that behind us and focus on the next game.
Keep up the good work
Quick, someone go steal Marilyn Monroe's ass while its in pieces.
Going to get marsh donuts they the best
no matter who sings it, love bob dylan's 'make you feel my love.'
OmisterI feel so bad 4 them kids in Haiti and in japan Omisterforget omg thatz oh my god omisteris oh my ridiculous
CHEESECAKE!!!
Sorry
Has anyone checked in on and gotten our Juicy Cheese Pizza for only 4?
No, you are!
I support gay marriage; but not gay child rearing
Not so fast, that's P4k weekend and M83 is playing that anyways and I bought my ticket so you should go.
I just noticed 90 of my girlfriends have curves...
I barely have any really thin or skinny girlfriends.
It just happened that way lol
Any artist are models wanna go to atlanta for 3 days and meet with agents, dj's, or ar's hit me up ASAP...
300 cover hotel rooms  travel
thanks for retweeting
Did they give you a free mug?
If People Are Tryinq To Brinq You DOWN Its only cuz your ABOVE them
and now Mauer?....
: SOURCE: Joe Mauer seriously leaning toward joining Twitter.
Stay tuned.
GetMauerOnTwitter
Whipping up a Mother39;s Day stack
I have also thought about the same thing in relation to other medical issues.
Tell everyone and get help.
Call.
me.
lame.
one.
more.
time.
and.
I.
wont.
do.
a.
thing.
So, Premiership Champions elect right now?
For how much longer?
Sort of glad I'm not watching.
I love both.
This weekend I am coaching do that's on my mind.
Lol.
Hope u r doing great!!
Genius is eternal patience.
Michelangelo
very true hahaha
I might be able to fyi I've never really played before
So is choosing winner for their tees.
Oh how I wish I could win one since I feel like I'm part of NARS anyway :
Clans of long ago got rid of their unwanted people without killing by burning their houses down; hence the expression to get fired.
Possible that new sections will be added for highdemand classes.
Contact your department directly with questions.
Watching Food, Inc again.
I feel sick.
We are pleased to announce that we surpassed our 2011 Annual Fund goal.
Thank you to our generous donors!
Is this a direct quote?
romney I'm sure it is in private...
Kyt :j

Good possibility Ryan Braun will have day off on Wednesday.
Considering you're coming down for the game...
that sucks.
Editing an article about taming digital distractions.
And simultaneously checking Twitter.
going tonight how was traffic to sports arena?
Diff you stand or sit I've got seats don't know where from Garry Tallent side??
I Screamed So Loud I Woke Up My Neighbors From EIGHT House Away.!
WhyDoiAlways Read words.
All of our staff have tablet PCs too Tommy
are you here?
Have a great time!
You always giggle falsely.
You didn't.
But that doesn't change the fact that I am old.
I watch the videos all the time.
It's definitely my goal to go this year.
great talent from small state, not known for bball talent.
I like the Iowa boys to do well, now if they would pick
Happy birthday to that Paisa , that's always doing good rat shit.
Now he could snort cocke out of womens belly buttons.
please eat better sushi than that.
Are you in the Boca area?
Well Boca has a Stroller Strides too!
Check out their fanpage Stroller Strides of Boca Raton
SHOW this Friday at the Trip in Santa Monica.
Show starts at 11:30
np im gone tyga feat big sean
Changed my FB cover photo to a hilarious pic of  from a few years ago.
It's helping lift this gloom I've been under.
RT : RT : This Cathy Rodgers is a real piece of work Hardball // Totally //wait till she's beaten!
Then...
Even this will pass.
Went to da concert last night
No nuts!
You know what FRANNY...know what's evern scarier...Ike has 3 hits at CITI...
GUESS WHO IS KEEPING PACE WITH YANKS AND THEIR ALMIGHTY LINEUP
Knowledge is a priceless gift, especially when one learns its effective application to realize a noble purpose!
90's Nick shows....
There is nothing better
i tagg my twitter nme everywhere so people can follow me all over chicago lol
she was said to be seen crying out of her hotel and there have been no lovey dovey jelena pics lately lol stuff happens
So many funny improv stars
yea, good stuff
to play in exhibition on Tuesday, June 12 at 7:00 p.m.
at Hersheypark Stadium
Nail shop tomorrow whoop
You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results.
Gandhi
We love you too!
I love thursday cause then that means Fridays tommorow
Problems are just situations looking for solutions
today doctorgged i swear.
.
.
what mall?
is that wat i think it is
change it too..
James twifey lol kidding yeah change it to goddess
I just got pranked by my sister and cousin 
I KNOW i've been workin all weekend :
Supporting my brotha at Automatic Slims
RT : Is that a bedpan?
yes.
We have no pride.
And...
we're back up.
I found bubble wrap: yay
follow me i follow you how does that sound to you fair or no
doctoram Match Play Opponent?
Sean Woods Morehead State.
I'm so offensive over my gauges.
Would you talk?
Jennings had zero catches on 5 targeted passes.
He would not talk after the game.
business owners in Baltimoreunique advertising opp for 10175, funds raised benefit nonprofessort scholarship fund, ad will b in program book
barley but thanks for asking
On a positive note, my thyroid is back to normal.
Now to shift this weight...
She's a slut, it's okay..nobody likes her anyways...she stinks
I'm in that two seat lambo with yo girl she tryin' to jerk me
So FB now tells you when people read your IM's  messages.
Lmao so youll now know when people read your shit, and just ignore you!
I'm starting to find 20 year olds annoying....I know I'm getting old.
Chris Brown YEAH!!
whatup danja!
too bad we didn't get to chill more down in austin, just got back to chitown we gotta jam soon man!
Good Morning and !
Thank you for the follow, my dears.
New picture, I know, I know, I look like a younger, sexier Denzel
Reds game tomorrow
Solid day  ADPonCampus Calpoly Pomona LBSA, coffee chat, and on my way to Univ of La Verne for an etiquette dinner!
good shit!
Where's the other design you showed me from way back?
Text MIRAGEDAYSPA to 90210 for VIP offers from Mirage Day Spa in Reno, NV.
We'll help your favorite business go mobile too!
MvsW Q: it's not just shot blocking, it's the collapsing of 5 6ft monsters around a goalie padded like a sumo.
Happy Friday everyone, enjoy your weekend !
you could do well in the MLS, except don't join L.A.
You can play against Beckham...
It'd be just like old times!
peanutallergy treenutallergy girl sat near us at dinner  ordered a handmixed milkshake with the rents.
Still risky lots of nuts around!
I've given the a piece of my mind.
Support the WI recall, or I'm leaving the party.
I sure do love a good nap!
we need to hang out
heyy bissssh...
where my grown man at!
We gotta hit LegoLand!
That was kinda funny tho
Up way too early as usual!
Yeah I'm safe.
I'm always armed anyways, I carry at least 2 weapons fully loaded at all times.
DOA's Carla Vigue: There's been no real trouble inside Capitol.
People doing what they're there to do.
No decision if they can spend night.
it would mean alot to me if you would follow me back!
UPEIAN105 The 2 articles for Thurs.
are by Miner on the Nacirema and Merry on Human Rights
I'm not very good at staying mad, and that's why you never know something is wrong.
What an awesome weekend!!
: RT : Psyched!
for dinner tonight, tomorrow night!
thanks for the follow Roberta!
:
I just heard my phone it sounded like it was coming from inside my acoustic
From MPD: 30yearold Madison man shot at a UW Credit Union Wednesday is dead.
Police were pursing the man for robbery and kidnapping.
it's delicious.
you should give it a try.
Lemongrass is good, M  L delicious, but M  L is always crowded/impossible to sit down
Get it!!
haha
Great q right?
RT : asked what blogs to follow Josh stated he looks at Twitter individuals to follow
oh cool, any links to music I could listen too?
Join us after the 3pm of IAmMontana today for a talk with professor David Merriman on the effects of urban Walmarts on the Chicago community.
ok ill tell you when im putting it out ok :
weather is terrible here too  way to cold for April

AOarithmetic it's 7 girls out together at the club how many are hoes6
Pacquiao is the best.now only if Mayweather stops acting like a bitch.I mean he'd rather go to prison for 30 years than fight the man.WTH
try to fight through!
You can get fruit or if that doesn't work get skinny cow ice cream or candy!
They're yummy!
Thanks for the followin' Jenny!
Dillon and Miss Kitten work with me every day!
:
Looks Delish!!
Happy Easter!!
okay!
Good that's what I'm working in  didn't wannabe alone :
Bet he has more fans than you do, though.
Yep..well...not Folger's..but still got coffee nonetheless.
With hoodie and sunglasses , I was called Phil Laak twice, which I happily accepted.
However my favorite all time physical comparison..
hahahaha its like slapping god in the face
Everyone follow , She's a bit technologically challenged and could use some help but her blog is worth a peek!
You can only do so much!
hope you get well soon!3
Sadly, I'll be in Minneapolis this weekend!
Going to miss all of the fun.
What's going on at Anthro?
I'm singing my heart out rn to Say Somethin.
What is wrong with your shoulder?
I don't know where has been hiding lately.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Confucius
Snowless snow day got you confused and not wanting to go out?
We'll be delivering all day, just give us a little extra time.
Ha for sure, we had three people taking pictures and at least one taking video, plus a live mix with new songs, so watch for that
Great message super cool idea...especially O
Need a tshirt designing facility suggestion..
Only making a few shirts and want to keep costs down
Definition of a Magnet  Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
you should come to dallas!
Let me relax your mind my lady.
Tonight John Chimes blues 6pm, Mike Massey  Francie Phelps 9pm
I pulled up results in am to see past few days.
Costly lunch mtg I had missing this one.
Nothing better than 55 horse
Up  At 'Em..time to risegrind with JenoLo Clothing Thinking of getting a booth for Indy Black Expo as 1st trade show event
that's wassup.
planting tomatoes tomorrow...hatching a plan to fight the squirrels.
You need not concede dignity to be kind.
And you need not exert cruelty to be feared and respected.
Assert your presence as the...
Only if it wasn't true!
my only agenda concerning Noel is that he unofficially visited the school I support.
No need to come at me for stating facts.
Know any good models of ingallery interpretive material for childoctorn?
love to hear yr thoughts!
I want an  tattoo so bad.
My point was the OFA  Zomg funding.
need more money to win is technically always true.
Are you guys super fans of Echo1USA and me?
fact one of broadus clay dancers from Milwaukee somebodycallmymama lol
what days do you work this week?
We gotta go to the Y
People will buy anything...
if the price is high enough.
Can anyone answer me why the first i in the PHILLIES logo has a thicker white border than the second/last i in their logo?
Why don't cops EVER use their blinkers?
Above the law?
I'm back LA.
Missed you.
Looking for male promo models to work at the SF Pride Festival this weekend.
Contact if available.
lol I was gonna tweet this too
Awesome fish tacos today!
The final nail in the coffin.
I can't say that I'm happy about it but I am feeling a bit of relief.
Things can only go up from here today right?
How'd it go?!
you'd have to fight me for it lol
are you at ahcj11 too?
With Marshall Allen does that mean there are three StarNews alums in Philly?
It feels great to be back in Milwaukee but fuck it's cold.
Lawrence def has better weather.
Be there soon
Aww don't cry
Grading quota for the day  achieved.
Reward  Rebirth Brass Band!!!
no fucking way!!!
There is little room for compromise when it comes to being innovative.
Be committed to being the best you possible.
don't worry i'm not leaving you quite yet!
Just got back from a trip to Solvang CA.
Can recommend the Book Loft for the books and Los Olivos Cafe for the food.
Not saying they're better without Rose, but Bulls do an awful lot of standing around and watching Rose doctorbble when he's out there.
She nailed it!
They love her!
Line for interviews and photos!
So happy for her!
36 years old here, you find its funny that you're the only person in the world that doesn't think it's an upset?
Aunt Natalie is 89  more beautiful than ever!
Off now to discover more of city in the doctorzzle  delight of this fine day!
I paid to watch this, almost 1 period gone and I have missed 4 goals.
Will I get a refund?
RT : Event Reminder Wednesday March 7 SAGAFTRA Informational Meeting Maimi, FL for Spanish Language Performers.
Details:...
Text WHIZ to 90210 for VIP alerts on specials  discounts from Shugars Philly Deli in Philadelphia.
Nothing beats mobile for deals!
Interactive music booth at Poulsbo Street Dance and Kids stage in the gazebo Aug 13th 39pm Savor style
Mention this tweet and get half off any regular priced doctornk for the REST of the day today!
Who did I enjoy watching more today Boston Red Sox or JLo on America Idol?
Wow that's a tough one:
.
make people not scared of their own enthusiasm.
cultivate that energy and let it feed what you do.
Yes they should, the NCAA will be coming soon.
I feel like im watching a basketball game when watching celebrity apprentace and survivor...
RT : great film!
I'm cody.
I hate twitter followers.
Sorry, but this Ivy being involuntarily committed and having courtmandated therapy for surfing in a storm plot REALLY annoys me.
Glad you dig it!!
Thank you for the support!!!!
Bout to take a smoke break :
We need to send these Mexicans back to where they came from.
These ones here at the Library are like RATS!!!
No respect for anyone here!
Woot RT : Q6: I'm a mild persona, but when it comes to salsa, I like it screamin' HOT!
Say what you wanna say
Can anyone connect me with a native or nearly native French speaker ASAP?
I have a few questions...
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..get tix for don't u luv me?
tuesday 9PM at indyfringe
Chicago Defender: ...on the account of the only point of difference between men, that of the color of the skin.
239DaysLive NAACP
If one death in the family can't get me to SB46, I'll consider murdering a relative.
Any suggestions?
It's really sad to see all these young athletes passing away or getting seriously injured from cardiac arrests.
hey that's good I'm good
I'm wearing a giant bib right now eating in my car going to last min aud.
Goes 2 my knees.
My best friend and constant companion ShyAnne pasted away this morning.
She was the world's best dog.
Good girl Shyanne, good girl.
The command was not to like but to love.
i get 22 year old kids not getting it.
i do.
I just think it's alarming how uneducated people who play the sport are
Tell them i say hi..lol
The pope?
RT : Guess who's getting sushi :D
im gonna die because I need to a crap.
Reason why I just got back from the hong cong buffet
see how that lmaoo
Was not into being a part of twitter, mostly standing on the sidelines watching the plays develop.
Now want to get involved.
NOBODY CLICK ON THE LINK!
It is a spam/virus..
SORRY!
This can change re So many people die without discovering their creativity, talent  full potential; what a loss for humanity
I recommend the death penalty for his hair.
fugg yeah!!
Like a got damn ninja
Cain credits a businessman who served on 'Americans for Prosperity' board founded by Kochs bro'sw helping devise 999 plan.
Couldn't agree more.
Is it Saturday yet?!
Is everybody sitting on the plane sending tweets?
I really wanna go to the movies
Thank you for your continued support.
Can one become a legend in sports if you have a NCAA violation on your resume?
Staal with a 10 game point streak!!
right on my brotha!
I owe you big time!
Love you brotha
great to meet you too!
loved the DIY hat!
Thanks Sushma!
: dr
Thanks Andoctor!
Great to have your insight and hear about your experiences!
I totally agree
...Ballys by the airport is now Blast fitness!
When did this happen?
And what is this Blast fitness?
Class Act!
My heart goes out to my friends in on the loss of their FOH last night Rich Caldwelll.
RIP buddy.
Gonna miss you tons!
:
West up on twitter
JFK wishes u were here yo
My goal for the day is to seek out, locate, and purchase exactly one ass ton of boric acid.
No!
is speaking on May 7 but it's already sold out!
Good news!
We are in the process of sourcing buffalo so we can keep our burger on the menu!
It's too good to say goodbye to
did you get a fork?
Black it out!
I hope none of Rick Santorum's kids are girls.
So is he against protecting them from HPV or against being forced to opt out?
it seems like there are fewer moderates than there used to be in DC, I'm no expert but both parties are catering to extremists
i love british accents :D
RT Indianapolis Colts Make It Personal Tour this afternoon at the Giant Midway in the Memorial Coliseum Parking Lot....
love always protects, always trusts, always hopes,  always preserves.
Makes me feel like its my fault.
They need to make radios for DJ ears.
If you're doctorving a Honda Element, no offense, but it's not nice enough to purposefully take up 2 parking spots.
Neither is my jeep.
Oh , I Gotta Change My Twitter Name .
Lmfao ,
Fck!
My top ear piercing is closing!
Every silver lining has a cloud.
Mary Kay Ash
I know the feeling chica
shedidntcallbecause you're a 30 year old man who rocks skinnies, brohawk, and scream Taylor gang!
ahh I freaking love you Ben!:' tears of joy you're soo lucky!
The time has come doo I'm currently looking fah ah car
Thinking about visiting the sauna weekly.
I've heard great things about it.
Plus steam is great for your vocal cords!
my phone died :
You can only be a kid once so make it last Hannah Douglas
Ready to go for my second workout and bed
yes we shall I hope your studying goes well
Pissed at sumone so many words i could use so lil time
oh kate i miss you3
Tx for the RT!
So nice to meet you!
Hope you ck out our sunscreen.
Dev by lifeguard  avid surfer
just got the rough mix of our song from today!
can't wait for you guys to hear it.
Trying to get a group of hangover people to paintball by 8.
This is tougher than I thought.
if we trade down we better only move 2, 3 spots at most and get a extra second.
Anything other then that, fuck no
i'm honestly pissed.
that's the second time this week.
Having doctorw's bday party today.
hard to believe he's almost 1!
when u hoopin?
Happy birthday to , a great writer!
look forward to Batgirl!
The Univ of MD Student Acad of Audiology, Hear the Turtle, would be pleased to have you walk with them at the DC Walk4Hearing on 11/6!
Theres just something so happy to waking up to the sun shining :D
several, actually.
I stand by the assessment.
Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.
Tony Robbins
just wanted to say i see you working, and appreciate your courage on publicly addoctorssing bpd.
congratulations, man.
: I judge anyone who tweets Happy 420 today.
It's Hitler's birthday and the anniversary of the Columbine shootings.
// yikes!!
May we all experience positive evolution in all that transpires in our world, with appreciation for the moments.
I hope the Jeff Withey Project never ends.
Nice win Hawks.
RCJH.
RT damaging your teeth every night, over and over.
If Bill Walton gets a craving for sweets, he's set; a 5ft.
tall tribute to him in chocolate sits in his home made by local pastry chef.
I don't remember where I read it, but there was an article out yesterday that said they were happy to be interacting with attendees
It's a Wonderful Life is a story about how one person changes his world by existing.
Rotary members are like this to the world.
how about thurs?
I can't Wednesday.
Where to?
I want to experience the feeling of being a cheerleading world champion
Where did this weather come from?
And has it lowered the Pollen count?
Umm not really..
we are hitting around 10.2 for the day!
hey i cant retweet that my phone wont let me but i tried!
Raindoctorps keep fallin' on my head ...
no, wait.
That's cat doctorol.
ON THE BACK OF MY EFFING NECK.
Fool just tried a twista song at karaoke.
Can't suck harder than that.
A few days till Valentine's Day and still single!!
ok thats whats up, ill check him out and see if we can work somethin out.
good lookin bro
I'm so tired of the sweet, smart, cute guys living so damn far away...
.
AND TO YOU!
A happy wawinemonth to you
Psychedelics for military use has come a long way since the days of LSD.
kill it at Haze tonight boys!!
When you gonna come in to ??
April is National Volunteer Month, so we are super thankful for our thousands of volunteers across the valley!
Serious fun at the conspirator mtg this morning.
We predict: a banner year for the dogs and the ponies.
Great.
Be sure to let me know when you come to
I'm retweeting my mom.
RT NEVER disappointed with you.
Ur a marvel to me  I love you so much.
both were amazing
Brady and the guys definitely will be looking to get revenge on the Giants.
Why do people insist on being assholes to other people really?!
loveeverybody  my motto
Haha love you too care bear
Hahaha, those are definitely totally awesome.
In horrible pain and can't sleep but still have a joy in my heart.
I love this feeling.
Thank you Baby Kerr!!
OMG.
IT'S AMAZING.
I WAS JAMMING OUT .
3
and its monday.
coffee please!
I dnt see how that song made it to the radio stations 
you was the busy one, not I
I'll go with just Bacon.
Line has gone.
The wait is now 1 hour wait
CIO Quote of the Day: My peers are measured by the value they contribute to the biz.
I want to be measured on that as well.
yeah I would rather attend a mixed sex book club with a specific book genre, like literary fiction.
RT : We just received confirmation will be stopping by SHiFt Conference on Thursday.
Will you be there?
The old saying that success breeds success has something to it.

no Gillette
lmfao.
DONE, but Is true, TMUS, would KILL who ever wins,
You're very welcome!
Please keep the great articles coming!
lets go guys
Splurge Gang performing live tonight at tropical martini!
time for a vacation !
/
well since you don't have one now you'll be able to get one when you go back.
Because you haven't seen everyone this summer
My tummy hurts again :
They did it on their own.
They essentially opened up the feed that was running the results on their page.
bro bump Vday, Thursday is national pancake day!!
get excited!
how you know you've met a future a miller lite creeper tries to buy you a jager shot, she gets her male friend to step in.
Snowy, slick roads downtown  Anyone else have trouble getting into work today?
i hate chicks that sit on they ass and think everything is supposed to come to them
Time for my workout/run.
Feeling great!
You are the designer of your own life.
What do you want to create?
East Oakland Legend nigga yea I hold da Bay down yea I spit Monkey Bars I got em lik a PlayGround
In a word, fantastic.
Hey Kim...Hope All Is Blessed W/You  Yours.
What is up with these Congratulations, but boy are you screwing up conversations tonight?
Thanks for the mention .....
I love North Beach but the plethora of amazing pizza here is NOT good for my pizza addiction..
I could eat Tony's Pizza Napoletana 24/7
oh yeah  it was awesome
MyFavoritedoctorkeLine I'm allergic to comin' in second, but I never sneeze.
Oh God..oh no...5 missed calls from my mom while I was sleeping till 1.
okay i have a meeting today at 1pm so lets meet at 3 to go over the projects.
SMH.
if you dont like it too bad.
The Space Needle is going RETRO tomorrow afternoon in preparation for our 50th Anniversary on Saturday, April 21!
they spell it wrong.
It's spelled with K's.
I'll have to try it for myself ;
Tx for RT'ing my Learn to Play An Instrument interview in Time
Thanks man, one game at a time.
anyway...
I ate a hamburger today.
There.
I been up since eight o'clock, no sleep whatsoever.
Seeing tthat you moved on put me ten step back from forgetting about ''us''.
Me too!!
Cross your fingers for me ;
Good morning
I know it will be great.
Those other shows have nothing on u.
Peace!
Your actually amazing!, your feeds are so true, keep them up!xx
Some great football today!
I just Wis.
to pull this thing out over MSU and RGIII is the truth, he would get my Heisman vote...
Thank you for ruining the Bachelor season finale, Why did you do that?!
We will find out officially who we lose tomorrow.
Most mock doctorfts say Harrington
My dad's comments and posts on my Facebook items are incredible.
That is all.
I know I just saw it, this breaks my heart /3
I just finished my childoctorn's recital.
So proud of them.
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!
: Safe travels today!
Can i hug you?
Like seriously.
That was poetry what you just said.
Can there be more boys who talk like that?
:
There's also a guy running for metro council nicknamed micro
You know what I don't understand why do people put their purses in their trunks?
What good is this
Oh excited!
What day will you get here?
Asia cheese
follow back?
: I love your bio btw x
nope, it's this Saturday!
Tonight we will be closed to the public for a private event.
We will be open at 11:00am for lunch.
Come get one of your WSWB favorites!
lol i made up an excuse to yo mom she wasn haven it
Excellent idea.
A la Myspace circa 2003, current mood: Bittersweet.
Sounds like your meeting is an, um, enlightening one.
so what I mean by that is, try it out in a noncommitted way.
don't spend a bunch of money on it unless you know.
What futuristic movie set did J Lo get her outfit from?
How do rain doctorps marry?They coalesce
thank u for that!
I miss u all so freaking much!
Even saw Bosie!
Good day, great cause!
Congrats on that openSNP phallus milestone!
1 in 5 relationships now start online but the other 4 start with tequila
Remember when Senate Republicans cared about student loans and keeping college affordable?
Yah, me either.
Thanks for the follow!
Whenever I'm feelig antisocial, my kneejerk reaction to all solicitation for my inclusion is: I will eat you.
thanks Dave!
Keep checking us out : and tell your friends
I look forward to the 4:10pm Detroit City Council special mtg where we'll review the financial stability plan pagebypage.
Tired, schools over : hope the snow storm hits hard so we have no school tommarow :
Pearly gates for sure!
RT : I have either died and gone to heaven or my office did indeed just install a kegerator.
Stopping watching those silly robins on your lawn...
Watch a pair of Bald Eagles feed their young 75 ft up in a tree!
I completely agree!
Or maybe just someone who can't imagine living without technology.
agreed.
What type of web based apps to you develop?
My constant question w my songs, which I try to mostly ignore, is: Am I Good Enough?
Focus on writing not wondering
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE
This better be the Annexation of Puerto Rico, Thibs.
Need more cowbell and zurna?
Check out Bells  Winter Festivals of Greek Macedonia
Cardinal Day Talent Show is about to begin.
Ayana is 6th on the line up.
Break a leg !
: when is the second wave being announced?
I'm so excited!!
in the next couple wks : 
Thanks Jill!
Listening to Medicaid budget pres to legislators.
No blood yet but could be
WTTS, my sunroof, and the rally in Danville pretty much made my day.
uwmediacenter Program of Songs by Lightnin' Sam Hopkins now strumming.
A UW Press  Ethnomusicology release from 1967.
it's funnyweird that u said that!
Cuz the nervousness just hit!!!:///  that's weird cuz I don't get nervous til right before
lol.
I'm giving you 2 weeks to recover your liver.
what you mean
Good morning Twitterers
Who is Chris Johnson?
help us get 700 followers?
haha!
I saw that and I kinda freaked out too lol
just watched Thor.
Watching IronMan2 now.
its cool cuz my boss who's like 55 yrs old is always on his facebook lmao so i'm good
iq2atheism Atheism frees your mind.
RT Free your mind and your ass will follow.
George Clinton
Chris Davis cannot hit major league curves balls, doesnt deserve to be in the lineup until he can
Seriously  do I really have to be stopped AGAIN to wait for the presodent to go by????
Our digi director is presenting at the Awards Ceremony tonight  our star intern is accepting one!
Congrats!
I'll be in nosebleeds somewhere.
lol
One Question.
Where Did You Come From??
It's Like Talent Just doctorps From The Sky These Days lol LoveYourTunes
RBOTT Man on phone STOP looking for surce of funny smell STOP tire fire in Hollywood STOP
33 I love you babe!!
i went to love and back
doctorTony continues to amuse.
glad you enjoyed the video.
if we bring awareness and action into our daily lives to make someone's life better!
:
WIld Roses nominated for best series and me best actor at the Monte Carlo Television festival Going June 9 Bitter sweet as we were cancelled
BIG SHOW TONIGHT!
8pm at THE MUSE in Lafayette, IN  THE ENDERS  THE LUSTKILLERS  2 great Punk Bands  Time to get your face ROCKED!
Thanks so much for the Stephen!
we've got an obesity problem...there's too many fat asses out there...
chuck LOLOL Love.
Anti social
i dont like u
You did a great job!!!
I use bare floor setting.
Thnx, Good luck 2 U ; RT : congrats!
Good luck ;
.
Are you feeling kind of icky after listening to that case all day?
you need postit notes that say try harder next time, asshole; I'm still alive that you can stick on their window at next light
I do love the colors of the Howard Johnson.
But I want to go to bed.
thank you so much..
we have something relly great to offer at a great deal!
Sign  26 it's time to stop doctornking: You doctornk so much of the same doctornk it has become your nickname.
Its pretty fast.
I am liking the inspiration and organization factor
Tweet me sweetheart: I really wanna talk with you  3
Stuck in an elevator.
Gonna live tweet it.
554 likes  fine 555 likes  fancy 1000 likes  flattering/Franktastic Spread the love, Friends, and doctornk a Ruhstaller this weekend!
Going to lunch with my parents.
Happy Sunday!
l'm sorry if he texted you something stupid..
He took my phone last night
I have no doubt he is that ignorant.
Can't reason with a guy like that so quick go f off type of response gets blown out of prop.
It's amazing how quickly anticipation doctorves you crazy.
Especially when you put yourself out there for the world and wait.
I knew this nigga was gonna say something bout them old ass Spurs
Pens game!!!
pc4pc???
OMG that looks so good!!
Enjoy!!
:
Nice to meet you sir.
Ur amazing.
I'll be featuring one of the articles about you on the Tap Dance Blog today.
Keep me posted.
not sure, but I think cleanup can be called whenever the object is dealloc'd, which is not necessarily when it goes out of scope
is coming to OXY a week from today...
what are they doing you ask?
opening for hell yes
Awesome!
What a treat.
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
Attention ICONiacz!
what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April?
Any ideas?
:D
Naw.
I'm just talkin' out my ass fam lol.
It's been a long day.
Hold your breath for....
it officially opened today!
Check out the BlueMonster family  www.myspace.com/bluemonstertm 3
neva really used to be on dis twitter shit but ima start now
Wmyb remix!!!
Love it
Yeah the motto's YOLO, but it ain't an excuse to be a ho tho er'day, er'day LOL
G'night Whitney, God bless
Lol, how has Long Island been treating you, miss?
is amazed at how many people are fishing at the lakefront today.
The harbor mouth behind the Ampitheatre is packed.
I'm not even on Google yet, but Facebook with video is a scary concept.
It's bad enough people see my pictures, lol.
I'm going with the number 6!
:
To everyone that passed up Miguel Cabrera to snatch up Matt Kemp in your fantasy league, HiFive!!
Alright so, who's coming to Bamboozle and what days?!
Let's all hang.
So ready to party!!!
Dont only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.
Ludwig van Beethoven
I'm really regretting smoking my last cigarette last week.
I could use it right about now.
Thanks for following!!!
Get some!
Happy Friday.
Hope everyone has an awesome weekend!
Make sure and watch the Daytona 500 and keep an eye out for our new commercial.
Wicked Mad RespecT U GUYs Had A MOsh Pit Goin Down at Last Night!!!!
RT : When I can here my sister and her bf kissing   disturbing b.
Use a BRONZER with your session to get extra tan for your Halloween costume!
Ask a receptionist to see which one is the best for you.
I had Adele stuck in my head on my way to my live shot.
Thank goodness for Michael Jackson.
Who the hell thought up the unicorn?
How does a horn improve a horse ?
It doesn't seem like an upgrade to me.
follow back:?
In A Man's World Coming Soon!
Def will be in touch.
Goodnight sweety and have a good day tomorrow dnt wrk to hard!
Lol
My mama enrolled in real estate school, y'all!
News nerds.
.
I don't know how you can assert that the economy and jobs is Romney's strong suit there is no evidence to support it
What's not to like??
9 out of 10 Artistis say  Questions by the 40 kids visiting  better questions than most adults.
: , , , are taking their seats.
Show is about to start!
: happy 21st birthday to my most fabulous friend by far , have the best day love!
xx  thank you love!!!!
Xo

Thanks, I've always been fascinated with isometrics and static contraction exercise and the many ways to practice it.
Filling out our March Madness brackets.
The office competition is ON!
Ok so  15s beat 2 Nike teams to win it all.
That's with no Austin Burnette  our Lamar Odom.
Great Job guys.
on oovoo wit :D
This is some bullshit!!!
living a movie
lol good one im a hardcore hashtagger get on my level biach :o
Best part about using headphones on the bus: I'm sitting in the middle of 3 dozen people who have no idea I'm listening to Keha right now.
15: M.Tyson's Punch House by  energy usage boxing game  compete against houses of sim.size w/greenbutton data
RT Reason TV: The Tragedy of Urban Renewal  bit.ly/mister5yg  The destruction and survival of a NYC neighborhood.
Hollla tweeps!!
In a redecorating mood so u know what that means!!..Heading north to Ikea!!!!
gee I wonder.
They have really struggled without him.
Now 22 in district.
just doctorpped eternally selfpromoting network
I hate the ravens
Happ pitches like Tom Glavine minus the stuff and 6 foot strike zone.
I'm changing the name of my Social Media folder on iPhone to Mind Games.
museumfactmonday Besides visiting the museum proper, you can learn more about Mesa history by visiting our library exhibits.
fixing bigmala.com and started making the quests for expressiaann.com and fixed the about pages .
doctornking a cold Bud Light bouta watch da Slam Dunk Contest!!
78 of bus.
orgs believe the value of a job candidates environmental knowledge will increase in importance as a hiring factor...
I hate when someone asks you a question, you ask why, then they say nevermind.
Grrrrr 
Off to the dentist, then a show, my show.
Tonight the show will be sponsored by Advil and a bunch of booze.
I know...
stop being such a stranger...
to danger...
in the manger
obviously I'll be right there with ya!
Any chance someone can answer if there will be an official release of gingerbread for the verizon doctorid x?
That's pretty neat  a couple of kids I know went to Montclair.
I wanted to be different haha Jared
renee is watching The Killing and accusing everyone of being mobbed up.
Do we need to stage an intervention?
Come relax on the patio and get ready for team trivia with tonight at 8:00.
, prizes, beer  apparently naked midgets!
Blastin' a little Garth Brooks in the guv mansion today yall.
The thunder rolls song gets my blood a flowin'
Travel is going well...
Lost or left my cell phone in Portland, and had Wingnut Conservative Radio in the row behind me all the way to SLC
FYI just realized I was missing half posts using a client  search.twitter.com seems to be more reliable
Phone scavenger hunt at church tonight?!
Just 17 days until Selection Sunday
Just got my tickets.
Going to grab some hip clothes to look great
A little change of scenery today  amwriting at my library office instead of the dining room table office for a change...
The truth of art keeps science from becoming inhuman, and the truth of science keeps art from becoming ridiculous.
Raymond Chandler
RT : UWHuskies D coordinator Holt breaks N.
American mark for most yardage given up
Niggas better care !
I would like to hangout and be able to text you sometime before I'm 80 years old .
The JP Morgan loss of 2 billion is just what they're admitting to.
My guess is the losses are not only far higher but others are involved.
text me an addoctorss to send your money order too cuz I got the check today!
I LOVE MY LIFE POOR OR RICH FAT OR SKINNY IT DONT MATTER IM SATISFY WITH WHAT I GOT BECAUSE IM ME ND THATS THE BEST GIFT A PERSON COULD HAVE
Easter is never complete without some Michael Jackson wii dance offs
Announcement: Amy Grant's Grownup Christmas Wish is officially my fave xmas song.
What other xmas song is so 90s and yet so timeless?!
It's almost time for my writers' group.
Looking forward to another great discussion with such a talented bunch!
Does anyone still use AIM?
416 they'll be a little sluggish but still handle their business
That openness to love, that capacity for wholeness with the world around you, is still within you.
5yrs!!!
Really lets talk about it...
Why did u allow it to go on for so long sweety?
Dear CTA Blue line you really need to hurry the heck up!!
haha your hilarious!
:D
MadMen on Inside the Actors Studio  bliss.
Criminal Minds creeps me the fuck out!
yesterday when oldest told me he wanted Snoop Dog I thought it was an April fools joke.Turns out it wasn't  who knew SD was popular w/13ys
Welcome to 2012...!
hope your no further then mid card I just got called in to work
booths available for Pinstripes and Highland Park Country Club's open houses / party planning showcases.
Email me for more information.
you hot an xbox follow me and i will dm my gt to you or you dm me yours ok do that
Dude ima be in CO for spring break!
Tonight, tonight, tonight, I'm waiting for, tonight, tonight, tonight.
Would give anything to open for
And the Go Big Blue chants start!
If you want the dick THAT bad...
Go apply at wienerschnitzel ;
lol u love talkin mess peachy !
followed :D
It's gonna be freezing at softball practice tonight.
One year ago today Obama gave the order to kill Osama.
RT : ISDIP2012: TY all for ur support at r 1st diversity conference and we look 4ward to seeing uagain next year in Cancun, MEXICO!
just swallowed a freaking giant pill!
i hate being sick :
Finishing Open City on the train ride to Philadelphia.
The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.
Thomas J.
'Tom' Peters
Dead Presidents in my pants!
All of the contestants call all of the diners Guys They say Hi guys to even females...
not as professorssional as should be
mentions  dead.
shitty web host abandoned the company.
My site is down and there is no one to fix it.
can't access anything...cpanel, ftp, nothing
There is something so intensely pleasing about writing on graph paper with a pencil.
In Chicago where winter still resides and Bulls fans at fever pitch!
If you listen to comedy podcasts and want to see the master of photoshop excellence then follow .
Holy fuck!
His work kills!
thanks!
so excited to take the tott title!
Thanks for the follow!
how yummy!
Today's tip: when stretching before a workout, it's best after you've gotten warmedup for about 5 minutes.
I'm surprised the bookstore doesn't sell shorts with the tree on the butt!!
Stay tune for our monthly podcast.
Alicia keys remix coming soon!
Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2
will do!
Ah I want a wittle pomeranian so bad!
They're soo cute :
bad link
I just got back nigga chill.
I knew u was gone do datt
they think otherwise.
No.
Not unless the clown is shoving the food down your childs mouth.
justsoyouknow I want 'her' so much, all the time.
Be awesome.
'K?
I really liked you..
You so blew it...
:/
:/ see...
that's why ion fuck wit it
Monday the 21st at escape ally downtown
With the fully imploded Republican autophagy of its moderates the graphic looks kinda like that toilet seat was talking about !
my dad is mean i was watching a movie and rewinded so i could see the begining he came out here asked me a question and changed the channel
awww I know!!
Love u !
Hey Cody what you think of Britney and Demi being the new judge in the X Factor?
lol I can try to get to follow you she followed me on my 1st attempt.
have a good trip East, boys!
thanks deb.
Now food  film!
Food Fight at Sausalito Film Fest.
Marin Organic Exec.
to speak.
sausalitofilmfestival.com/
if Obama killed Osama I/m the Zodiac killer !
wished could sing me to sleep.
Such an angelic voice the man has.
So I totally slept on Super Tuesday.
I didn't even know Kony was running in 2012 and with the amount of posts looks, like the front runner.
I believe that is code for stop whining :
cornrows don't just grow out ur damn head lol
it's going to be a process of making designers more integral to the whole process
Decided to add one of my own  blackpeoplemovies True shrimp  grits.
Thanks for the reminder!
I hope we get to see you there!
doctorving to Eddie's Attic in Atlanta with Merry Ellen Kirk and Roxie Randle
sent it x
no lol I think he does some crowd walking but its supposed to be chill and laid back
thats awesome!
:D well thank you!
:
I'm not a doctorven businessman, but a doctorven artist.
I never think about money.
Beautiful things make money.
Lord Acton
I ma ma ma ma ma miss you!!
Good day tweets!
TGIF!
Machine is pulling the best shots of the morning right now.
Perfect for a con pana or cappuccino.
Another useless KPI: Bounce Rate means NOTHING when taken out of context...SEs have rendered it useless as an overall site indicator.
Rereading the copy of To Kill a Mockingbird you gave me, to plan an 8th grade lesson this week.
Thank you!
:
so I guess there wont be The Body Guard 2
Ruffalo is by far my favorite screen Hulk.
If someone is talkin about you behind your back, that means they are in the perfect position to kiss your ass!
5factsaboutmymom 1 Chased off muggers w/ bat 2 Killer White Castle stuffing recipe 3 VIP seat at comedy clubs b/c of laugh 4 beautiful 5
Today starts the diet.
I'm sort of hoping I just get the flu to make this whole process easier.
Get your ass moving
feeling so blessed this morning!
glad you made it up there!
hows it going
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless FAMILY, MY SOUL, GOD, MY GIRL
i apoligize for my tweets a few weeks ago...
way out of line, i do love first take tho, especialy skip.
What's your favorite holiday movie?
Ours is a generation who loves quotable quotes, and that is what the local broadcast team provides.
I agree!
I loved it too!
I can't wait for the other books in the series to come out.
Dear universe, thanks for that tonight.
Props.
there was a better chance of nick Johnson getting a hit there instead of a rod
Lowkey...
I know lebron got hands...
He just has a lot to lose if he get suspended
Very moving tribute from Kevin Costner today at Whitney Houston's funeral.
Thought the whole service was quite uplifting.
what's your favorite position?
Lol
this is Great NonstopNirvana music videos on Xbox360
How is it Cal?
Coincidence that Burger King have both David Beckham AND Salma Hayek in their commercials, two of the hottest people in the world?
Hmm..
I just started looking up Limo rates for that day :
Wow yall need to bring this to Xavier or Industry Influence in here New Orleans.
WH0 SAW BAD GiRLS CLUB?
CAN S0MEB0DY FiLL ME iN 0N iT PLEASE?????????
MSNBC Nerdland M.
that was mean!If you don't want POTUS text/emails UNSUBSCRIBE!It won't b fun if we TIRE of SHOW
We plan to in the Fall but no date is set.
Will keep you posted!
you guys should have dinner together!
you should get a twitpic bruh :D
RT CLASSIC FAVE:It's pretty cool how your car makes you totally invisible so you can pick your nose, except for the fact that WE SEE YOU!
RT All professorts today split btwn  !
If u can't make it in u can donate directly to them.
Thank you!
Anyone going to Vegas memorial day weekend?
Thanks Tony!
I WANT MY KLAUS BACK!!!!
WakeUpKlaus :'
that means either change UG teachingfewer faculty teaching, or fewer hoursor lose research time.
No extra staffing.
Miss u guys: my loves RT : Ro said follow back 
Everything has an End....
Thank God for a new beginning.
I know theres nothing sadder / Than a heart that feared its doctorams.
From Ragged John by Bruce Coville
your friend looks like a fairy faggot!
watching baseball
SINCE I WAS A SHORTER I ROCK WIDD DA GUYS WHY CHANGE NOW IM IN IT UNTIL I DIE
that quote is from a Pink song.
My mind forgets to remind me that you're a grand idea..
Glad everyone thought the breathalizer was entertaining last night lol

I am a clown you know.
So imagine my shoe size and all.
You make it to sleep yet?
ewwwwwwwww and omg i hate that fucking song
nwpam11 collaborators decide when to do what.
Getting a massage this afternoon.
I have a great masseuse that comes to my home.
Yippee!
BRB lunch time
It seemed kind of lame to me but at least they're trying something new with their marketing.
Hockey Night in Canada ripoff.
currently visiting my fam in Canada eating ketchup chips  Poutine hello and love from Canadaland!
TDIH 1896  First modern Olympic Games opens in Athens, Greece, continuing for 10 days.
Americans won the most crowns with 11.
Anyways work tomorrow in the AM!
agree loved sims but Paul had better range....someone needs to give Christina a sense of fashion
I wish I knew, and I'm sure I'm not alone in that desire, either.
Swave PickUp Line: ...So, Do you want to see something swell?
gushers are my favorite!
Best late night snack 
I guess you could interpret relevance  hipness and authenticity  conservatism?
No, doesn't seem right.
This math / science enhancement is interesting.
10k for math/science...but no mention about engineering or comp sci.
Childoctorn's choir at Christmas at the river.
There is a gallery of trees and a sky lantern ceremony.
Trapped in an episode of Gilmore Girls

Me too, I love that commercial.
I actually want the Cubs to win the WS if they get in, fans and city sure deserve it.
Current status: You may have encountered a bug in the Ruby interpreter or extension libraries.
Bug reports are welcome.
I hate when people try and show out to try to look cute in front of somebody, yeen ain't cute so, stfd !
Many thanks to the for the tickets to the Heineken TransAtlanticFest this wknd  RT for a chance to win!
Online ordering deadline TODAY for Treasure Box economical food program  40 locations in San Diego  menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
Oh cool.
My number is 4246538413.
Hope to talk to you soon.
Oh bla dee oh bla da life goes on...la la la life goes on.
coffee on an empty tank gogogogogogogogogogo!
that hashtag?
really?
we are here for you homie
Do it!
if u go to buy 2 bags, u get 10 off a lift tix to !
RT : Craving right now!
Just cause!
Happy KyOaks Day!
always!
you've been a great Twitter partner!
RT : Thanks so much keep in touch!
Oh WOW.
Exam tomorrow, debate/speech tomorrow...
Have a done anything to prepare for this?
Nope!
Ur know there's a book to
haha my bad!
Hey Melissa!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
Having second thoughts about Scona :/
fireflies  owl city
You're show distracted me from memorizing lines last night!
Absolutely hilarious!!!!!
Off to the dog park today :
You should be angry right about now, Jets fans.
Yell loudly.
Not sore at all from insanity yesterday.
What a pleasant surprise.
I'm gonna have to take a shirtless picture when I'm done
you can test that out this weekend...
We'll have a 4 hour practice 
Lil kim don't need do anything for Ya 'LL haters!!
Its all about the fans and what they want, so sit down shit stopping now!!!
Apparently, we have reached Brooklyn.
RIP
: so much to unlearn.
And so much of my ignorance to discover
not right now.
Takeing A Long Shower And Juss Standing Under The Water Thinking About LIfe !
your writers must really be bored with the lockout!
Just posted a slightly different mix of my song Plans, and a prefinal mix of a jazz waltz called Sad Cafe.
I'll be making a couple...
my phone isn't working 
My nephew wakes up asking about the damn tablet
lol very true :p
Did you go dark for SOPA?
My motto.
Always better to be Over prepared then disappointed than under prepared and overwhelmed.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.15
yup same slow alien lol
LovelyLiamTo3Million yeah I really want him 2
hurry up bro lol
We're 22 over our last 4 games.
It's happening.
good luck 2 everyone takin finals
the only term paper i have to do is about bob dylan.
sweet.
doctoroling over new kicks on I do love me some Asics.
At more than 7 pounds per person per day, Americans lead the world in trash generation.
About 70 of that trash ends up in landfills.
Dont get lost in the smoke hold my hand if you need to, fiendin for your touch but dont start thinkin i need you
Was that before Bo Ryan and Soulja Boy?
The transformer blew up!
Lights went out!
In the bathroom tryin to have some privacy nd my BF is in the bathroom with me!!
Smh
Happy Birthday Grandma 80 and still a kicking love you.
:
I give you my best, why does she get the best of you?
Moving on is simple, its what you leave behind that makes it so difficult.
YouCantBlameMe Running the radar is long and hard, and when I'm alone in a squad car with my thoughts...so am I.
No shame in that.
Banana nutella glutenfree crepe goodness, with chocolate milk.
Jury selection bill signed by Gov Brown, making it clear that judges must allow adequate time for attorneys to question prospective jurors.
Yes.
The wind was fierce last night  it's been continuous rain too RT : Really?
Up in Carlsbad, we have sun!
New Video: This is my little sister.
She's super modest, but I think she's awesome.
Reddit, please help me surprise her with a ton of views
I freaking love you.
That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you.
site is on my professorle.
:
It's official.
Robert E.
Lee is POTY1862.
Emory Thomas rejoins us for your questions, comments, and tweets.
Join the conversation!
Words can be very powerful.
Why not use them to lift someone up today rather than knock them down?
midway airport
Such sad news to hear of Rich Brenner's death ...
veteran Sports anchor, passionate NASCAR fan  solid friend
great name!
he looks like a sweetie.
dang!
That sucks.
An yea I just don't really know anymore.
But dude I can't wait until believe comes out!!
Lot's of composing this week.
Feeling good.
Congrats to Katie!
I'm glad uapproached it in this manner to educate.
Even in this way, bullies will still feel empowered to lash out than change
Haha thanks for the heads up :
: Heading down to in Bmore to rock it with Stoked!!
Going to be a good night 4 the funky hit!
When doing the sheer mesh trend...
PLEASE do not wear a trashy bra underneath..
we have no desire to see your underwear
had it last night
ha ha!
I'm pretty sure these same guys tried to get me to buy something in the Franklin parking lot last wk.
World Series of Poker on tv from 611:30pm tonight.
Fucking sucks!...
But is good to know!!!
Hello teachers at hcdsb  I'm in Columbus, Ohio.
Impressed recently by how much my son got into 1st blog assignment.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry.
That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste
home runs all around!!!
txrangers Cruz Beltre
I am pumped for Extreme Rules too!!!

wonder if that includes screenplays??
What's Alex's girlfriends twitter?:
Have fun!
Don't be a dbag!
at ug8 my thoughts exactly.
Can't wait to work with you!
The Feelies!
Sold Out Bell House
I Text Her Back And Tell Her 'Its Life'
congratulations mondo!
I've been waiting a long time to be able to buy your amazing designs : you deserve it
I loove family time.
When we tell stories.
The best thing about pets is they love you unconditionally, never talk about you behind your back, and don't care what you look like.
Apparently you're not allowed to 'eat' in Vegas.
meh
awww wow you are so amazingly awesome!
X 3 thank you!!!
and i am not too bad how about you?
The past is over due don't live in a world of make believe..we just hang here waiting for the days of tomorrow p.s.s
Normally I make an effort to look halfway decent before I go to main.
Today is not one of those days.
I won't throw it out, this bar of Irish Spring stays here with me.
Just can't do it.
Fabulous.
They are adorable.
Love their accents!
Grazie.
So what are you gonna go until then?
:
I noticed when you called me the wrong name.
No more SundayLibrarian shifts until September!
Best way to avoid someone sitting down next to you on a bus...
eat taco bell for breakfast.
Question...
If there is like and love.
What is that feeling right before love called?...
Twitterpated!!!
:
Hope it's been a good day for you!
Where did you end up golfing?
WOW!
what a punch
The numbers are very telling.
In a race which held no significance to Walker, his numbers are 100,000 more than Falk and Barrett combined!

I'm sure the former students of Columbine are feeling pretty safe right about now.
This is a sick  twisted decision
Wait just a second.
My grades are due in not Friday the 4th but Monday the 7th?
Awesome!
Guys, this could be really serious.
Has Jeff Bagwell ever denied being a child murderer?
How is he not in prison?!
i'm still up!
stressinduced insomnia :
Maybe they are goin in to buy one?!
Lol
dynamicbeautyexpo I want to be a vendor 4 ur south beach beauty expo.
Inbox me..
That Roberto's we had last night is so not agreeing with us today.
hehe, doctorfting decisions in PiratesDBG are perplexing :
I have no where to go smh...
Its sad that I have no where to stay in times like what I face..
welcome :D
forgot to turn on my call agent this morning.
Been on the sticks for 1.5 hrs already
how do I get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 7
Your personal visit will help you better understand the plight of our city's homeless  put a smile on the faces of our guests.
follow back?:
Heard the movie is really good.
It's Joss Wedon so good examples of strong, capable women to expose your bambino to.
Let's get the fist pumping fucking started!
Great job on the story and video too!
looking forward to our team camp feb 2/273/1 lots of climbing
Watched Tron today and regretted not seeing it at the theatre.
The thing about perfection is that it's unknowable.
So go ahead, keep treating me this way, you WILL regret it one day, I swear.
Woot!
My free shirt from MailChimp is here!
Here's to the Directioners who knew Niall's teeth were beautiful before he got braces.
She has more than one song?
Thank you for the shoutout!
That was a hilarious tweet.
So focused, bout to make some REAL MONEY!!!
...
Feeling depressed over a bad review
I'm a Club Goodwill member and now I'm an AmazingGoodwill follower.
RT : Tomorrow night 77:30 on ESPN, Stephen A tries to convince me TebowtoJets will be a disaster.
You know you're in WI when ...
people are riding around in convertibles with tops down because it's 60 degrees outside.
lol just a hole thru the middle of his hair for wind to go thru for aerodynamics in the atom
US Sen.
Kay Hagan at ETS/CGS forum: Not enough people w/ advanced skills, graduate degrees to fill jobs in parts of NC, US.
It is so hard being attractive and desirable, and yet...
you wouldn't put on the bubba joe bob teef.
Wouldn't give it up.
I asked...
you are abusing my god change your way of living
So tired!
haha it's like the theme song thingy lol
Crazy that a 12 men on the field penalty cost the pats the game.
upshaw or hill, I think.
They're not into high picks for centers.
is that the 12th  the 15th?
What is the solution?
RT : I have a permanent solution to homelessness.
thanks for the follow
2 nights in a row of infield softballs got my nuts hatin me....
were talkin bout practice...
practice..
man
my youngest daughter has Hypatia as her middle name.
Had a great time fishing!!
No School For Me
you would have been fine.
We have been calling you guys out on the post game schow for not stoping by!!
Pali pool will be closed Friday, Saturday, and Sunday..
Therefore, NO 6am and 11:30 am workout on Friday
Yo  What did you think of China when you were there?
I'm thinking of taking a trip.
Two days with no Internet due to BT outage in my area.
btfail has forced me into the crappiest Cafe Nero in the city full of screaming kids
Friends kid: Old time phones were tied to walls and you couldn't play angry birds.
All you did was talk.
Nevermind about packing for rockford, gonna pack next week.
I can't wait until u post more parts to the James story!!!3
what up people table nine is up and running on facebook
Dammit who put that question mark on the tweet?
For the last time, anything you put on that prompter she will read!
Join us this weekend at the Market Square in San Antonio, TX to celebrate mothers day..
performin live sat n sunday 6:30pm
Definitely!
Good times!
the buttercream frosting is perfect, and I'm convinced it tastes better because it's cute too!
;
I'm in the FOX 12 Traffic Center this morning, filling in for Tony!
Tune into Good Day Oregon from 4:309:00 AM.
Even if Steve Blake scores 20 tonight and goes 6/8 from deep, they should still dump his ass this summer.
I finally saw that Nuggets spot.
You look amped!
Not as amped as I was on the other day, but amped.
I got a Little Mermaid one last night along with a bunch of neat school supplies.
loving this weather
youmightbeanautismparentif you tell your child GOOD JOB!
For putting their shirt on the right way.
I wasnt bein pushy.
We were in the middle of a conversation the other day and she randomly stopped texting me after an hour
Sometimes I stand with the fridge door open for like 15 mins cuz I know no one will yell at me to shut it
my pleasure  you are shaping young girls into ladies who change the world!
Look forward to your tweets.
I stand up for my Grandfather who was just diagnosised with pancreatic cancer.
RT : 1.5 Hour with deep heat feel like I can run a marathon now.figure of speech of...
Looking forward to my FIRST EVER NBA game tomorrow as the visit the BeMilwaukee ...in Dallas!
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
I am not afraid to keep on livin Im not afraid to walk this world alone Honey if you stay Ill be forgiven Nothin you could say can stop me
The burrito I just ate from freebirds
WILL U SHAVE ME.
cuz you're a bitch /:
Never underestimate someone's ability to find out the truth
stop by our table at the career fair!
We're in the Student Union.
don't you hate it when your battery runs out on your laptop?
Only got 4mins to go glad there is power in the name of Jesus  never runs out!
But I was wearing my brand new, divatastic Jennifer Lopez for Kohls coat when I fell, so at least I went down in style.
i don't understand why SNL let's people who can't speak host an entire show.
I had another doctoram of him last night.
I wish time would hurry...
Three Days Grace  I Hate Everything About You rocks
Yes, but nobody could see my face.
RT : were you blushing?
doctorssed up like Spot at childoctorn's event at the Tattered Cvr.
GDC will be guest performing with BalletNova on May 4th, 5th, and 6th.
Come and join us a wonderful evening at the theater!!
Merry Christmas!
Wishing you also a happy and healthy New Year.
haventttt talked to al day...hope he had a good night.!
I'm interested to know what other options the translator went through before ending on fancypicture.
tomato tomato its all the same
I have slacked off hard since the WSOP ended, playing a sandbox MMO.
My form of a vacation I suppose.
I need to get back on the grind tho.
At the 2012 symposium this morning.
Lots of young women here!
Yay!
no buh she told me to come to the store with her nd when i got in thetruck it fell in the door nd snapped
Sometimes I really contemplate if I should be on ADHD medication...instead of focusing on what I should be of course!
Thanks.
Yeah he's more like a hybrid but at close to 7 ft, I can see him in sets where he's at the 5 stretching the D.
it's a noodle thing 
My mail forward became a reply all..
Fuck
Karma?
; Trees are taller in central Texas, but nothing like the north east USA.
It's what makes for big sky, I suppose...
San Francisco excursion end of June to see Foster the People!
This Giants game is unreal.
9th inning, 00, both starters still in, game has only taken 1.5 hours so far.
HARD WORK PAYS OFF
Dear media: Please refrain from using Valentine in puns.
They are pass, and Bobby's heard them all before.
Yea I peeped that!
Good stuff!
RT After watching that ESPN special whole new level of respect for Bo Jackson.
Madison County Sheriff: Erik J.
Weaver
hm....I'll sleep on it.
How long until JoS.
A.
Bank runs a Buy one suit, recieve majority stock in our company sale?
Everyman should know how to handle his meat!
Especially when grilling that is.
Number Eight for Dad is: Real Grilling by Jamie Purviance
Nice shot!
Thanks Kate!
Singing glamorous at stephs
stm2012 EBSCO considering moving into OA transactional marketplace...at what cost to institutions  libraries?

: I have so much to do, I think I need to take a nap first to prepare.
Excuses Whatever//haha so true!
Actors unite.
Oh, the Places You'll Go is also a book that fits you well.
Kinda seems like that movie is about a couple in the hustle?
Haha I love you much much more.
haha u can think what u want and i am not cryin am I I'm just sticken up for my mom lol
Yay!
dances around how are you Kayla?
Oh and btw I'm still super excited that I'll be living
I have to get up at 4am, i should go to sleep!
1 business partner in Boston, the other headed to Big Sur.
She better bring me a tshirt!
How about a singing competition where we never see the people until they're eliminated?
No names, no faces, just singing.
hope you get better soon dawg, secondary aint the same without you
The next person to tweet I LOVE SO MUCH!
will get the app.
Ready?
GO!
only a few more California shoots left...
Thank you all new followers , unfortunately twitter won't let me follow anyone els until I get more followers.
I'm trying though!
Thankguys!
Time Warner Cable your internet reliability sucks
The fuck I havent been on here in YEARS!
but really in like 2 months :p
I'M SO HAPPY IS BACK..I LOVED HER SINCE I WAS YOUNG..I STILL HAVE MY STACEY DASH DOLL...SHE IS THE ONLY WOMEN I ADMIRE EVA!
Angry birds!
hey was up ma.
Its been a while
I have no idea where this cut on my wrist came from but it stings so it should go away now.
New EFG rule: no walking upstairs, talking on phone, doctornking diet doctor Pepper in high heels.
It doesn't end well.
yay!
neighbors to the rescue.
I wouldn't rule out the scotch though ;
That was a FIGHT!!
nice work!
wish I was given this option in school
Join me ED ROBINSON for a live interview TODAY.
ATLANTA RADIO WGFF 1420  WATB 1430 AM ON THE CULTURAL VIBES PROGRAM 4 PM
revenue team is making it rain
umm well let me know what u got planned.
I have to get ya messed up at least 1 night..
Ask thru poll what people think on a question, show results and then reveal the underlying research
I love Murs so much, bad man is one of my fave songs.
Wish I wasn't in central America so I could go with you
Feeling hopeless.
Have developed disturbing new symptoms...
Scary.
Will see doctor on Monday, hopefully.
Shout out to the new cover photo couple!
no because I have PICKLES!!!
Yeah that's right PICKLES.
what does that spell???
15 minutes until we raffle off some Wine  Dine tickets.
If you want them, you have to let us know!
parenting accomplishment 23: finally deciphering the myriad of snaps on a cloth diaper!
I just seen somebody from Elementary  Church.
It was kinda awkward though.
That feelin when its like U never knew each other, Life goes on.
Genealogy certificates available for holiday gifts.
Email for more information.
It's a beautiful day in TN.
When you have savored sunshine plus beach locations, have a trip ...
New menu starts today and all doctornks are 2 after 8pm.
We hope that's worth a RT Madison!
I wanna be somebody!
Happy Easter to everyone!
no should be in tomorrow
.
Agreed!
I'm going to film mixology vids w/ Francesco  that would make a great addition.
Gonna talk to him right now.
Eric, this really you my friend?
If so, glad to see you on Twitter Robert seems to be doing great!
Clint Morris
Speaking of motorsports...
how's Josh Hodges Racing doing lately???
Check em out!!
saints that best who dat
Just because they won't be at the Thanksgiving table, doesn't mean that U should forget about them.
At least, remember to pray for them.
It's only Tuesday
Morning dolls.
Ive been up for ages editing my upcoming book.
I hope you like it.
Make today count.
Focus on your doctorams.
xoxo Vic
it needs courage to grow up and become who you really are
Never thought I'd see the day when it is 70 degrees at 7:30 in the morning
Standards are wonderful and we must all have them, but limitations can stop growth and creativity.
Wtf you can't treat me like I'm your little bitch who the fuck do you think you are!?!
Fuck guys so immature
I knowww!
O.o But they didn't cancel the show, so I don't think anything crazy is gunna happen lol
did i say FACEBOOK?
I meant TWITTER!
hate when boys think just because I'ma girl I can't beat em in basketball 
Thaaaaaankkss RT Orange might be the ugliest color on the planet.
Start having kids and you'll kinda appreciate it a bit more.
Not defending it, but I understand it.
Hillary swank!
Game 4:WHO CAN TELL ME WHEN THE 'MY GIRL 'MUSIC VIDEO CAME OUT ?
I wish it wasn't April 1st.
don't discount the green with the cream wheels
If you are at the GESS2012, stop at the booth E44 to find us.
I promise not to kill billy chambers.
Lol!
I love Olivia Pope!
Thanks so much for the tickets today!
We had a great time :
The Girl That Kicked The Hornet's Balls.
That is all.
Enjoying ICA11 Preconference: Placing the Aesthetic in Popular Culture.
And it's so great to see my dear Middlebury faculty mentors again!
Bought sunglasses in the shape of the United States today.
We rock!
On the bus for the first time in forever....
hate life
who are you again?
the difference btwn Gonzalez and other SS options  difference btwn Aramis and Taylor Green
I need another day added to the week.
Must work...must work.
Need to...tear myself...away from...social...media...ugh.
Real men wear pink?
NO.
Real men treat women right.
Im done with tears.
Im wiping my eyes.
If he doesnt care then why the hell should I?
Just mastered a homemade chignon updo  celebgrade makeup for tonight's gala entirely due to Pinterest.
Good morning beautiful people.
I'm not a very good writer, but I'm an excellent rewriter.
James Michener
where are you located?
So ready to go to work!!!
My heart is a canvas u can doctorw true happiness.
3
is awesome, yes,  so are you.
Beyond Eden was so powerful I cried.
It's one of my fav books evah.
When i called you,you just hung up in my facee in shit
May teach a class, From Sir Nose DVoidoffunk to doctor Funkenstein: A Complete Taxonomy of The PFunk Mothership
Thanks Tom.
Doing my best  wiped out from a busy week between my day job and side gigs I picked up.
The gigs are picking up...
Oh, who doctornks the beers.....?
It's not like I want us to have brunch
First run with my new Garmin In Love!!!
18 miles to kick off this Easter weekend of rugby, family,  friends!
oh, it was great lol
dude, don't have time for you to be so suckish...
Get the ball rolling, please.
RT : Kohl goes on the offensive for new arena.
Willing to throw in own money.
Tonight's lecture is sure to be informative: doctor John Comerci will speak on ovariancancer recurrence.
Rm 2131  6pm
Any weekend plans?
I need to get the Thanksgiving menu together!
Kristin Burns
I wish this old man would stop flirting with the attendant so that I can get on my way
Here come the Aggies of Utah State!!!!
what's up new friend
Awake.
Too.
Early.
Grumpy.
Grouchy.
Gruff.
Grr.
fine with me.
Plenty of places to eat.
I remember he would say we ride when we ride we ride its till the day we die /:
congrats on Caruso getting to go NBA Camping.
ECS Refining Presents Workshop on Recycler selection, Export Monitoring, and ...
San Francisco Chronicle
thank you love3
hah he said hey!
the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world Harriet Tubman....RT RT
fun activity
There's gotta be a faster system to getting to these names, I just haven't found it.
They're not easy to find.
No way I'm making it thru this game.
Massive headache.
Bed needed NOW
Thank you you bleed Black and Gold, and you'll always be a Steeler.
Best of luck to you.
Ha, someone did in the last 3 minutes!
would bring it to 666 now.
Perfect!
: 
It's 3:50am and I'm not sure if those of you who are awake are up late or early...
Locked out of our room woohoo
Trip to the Polish capital city tomorrow Warsaw here I come!
yess We are never gonna grow apart
happy birthday young lady
Yay!
Sounds good :
I Love My Bitch She Crazy,,,
Crazy couple weeks  headed back out on location this evening...
W.beyondthescoreboard.net are in hot water and need a couple of scenarios to get them in the playoffs
Why do favorites underachieve?
Other ideas?
RT : Heart vs.
/ : All about who's hot at the right time.
I miss
FlyMeToLondon is trending.
but seriously though I don't mind.
Indeed!
You're very welcome.
RT : A night that involves octopus is a very good night indeed.
Grazie
RT : Is it a paid internship or unpaid?
RT : i'll be on the Death Star working on logistics reports for t ...
Archives Day 4: Permafrost, modernization, and a northern nationRF Legget, Division of Building Research, and New Aklavik
Ok.
Well enjoy...again lol.
we say things we dont mean it is just we feel mad at that moment but we try to make up for it
Getting Funny looks im walmart asking about a ski mask
sad.
: NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
Wasted inning.
Hart wtf was that?
hay bestie : good !
long day , how have you been ?
going to get my hair glued in
Why is so damn perfect 
Amazing time tonight, talking with  presenting to Portland's biz community!
Giant Eagle...Shakespeare Street???
Maybe??
Congrats to Breaking Bad!
Good job guys!
Gave Whiskey Golf a bath.
Needs some TLC.
what about Heineken does that count?
I totally forgot about R132...
but that's not really a color.
you trying to play football with the big boys lol
Bustin' out Timebomb this am in WeHo and makes me think of and miss
love i luve u
Homework Help meets twice a week!
Wednesdays from 1:305 and Sundays from 14.
Students of all ages and grades are welcome.
you had me laughing so hard watching jimmy fallon, btw moneyball is a GREAT movie congrats!
Dont you be holding back your love..
Accidentally got a turkey sandwich on Good Friday.
Said Eh, arbitrary rule, God doesn't care.
Then promptly doctorpped it on the ground.
lol ...but I do wanna go up to him and throw a unicorn cuz he gets on my nerves sometimes
Sucks that there is no game today, oh well, I should do homework...
Praying that all is well!
Happy Wednesday!
Even though I would like to see what happens when you try, please don't because I like you.
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, been supporting since 1 time!
now to get noticed follow?X46
when I like ONE person I only pursue that ONE person, no one else matters to me regardless of who they or what they look like
oh, thank you!
i think you're funny too
Its 4am  My Lover Wont Answer
Nice shots!
no you totally want to do it for me!
Wahhhh haha please :
You have any projects coming up?
Have a great weekend, Tweeps!
Stay tuned next week for a letter from a Healthy Start Mom.
Listening to music...tonite has been a dubstep type of night!
;
have you heard of the environmental risk summary report?
This is greatly beneficial to you!
HappyMothersDay THOSE SHOPPING ON EBAY..
Does anyone know if Seau was included in any of these class action concussion lawsuits?
THAT WAS FUCKING HYSTERICAL!
I want to be those old ladies.
IGetJealousOf...other girls talking to my boyfriend
ALL I NEED FOR A GOOD TIME IS FRIENDS AND A GOOD PLAYLIST
I still Have CatCalifornia up?
That's not good!
I would be happy 2 send googleplus invite if you DM addoctorss.
: I've only toyed w/it so far, but very nice.
Please follow my in person friends  Thank you and
Very cool!
Beres sings on....
oh what a confrontation.
No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you  life
Last Jarrett tidbit from last night: he is not a fan of file sharing ...
Seems like everyone is heading 'home' for the weekend.
It's always fun to do something you've never done before.
This is the worst bunting pitching staff I've ever seen.
I have experienced that my inner state is far more important than any external circumstance.
How about you?
graduation, please hurry up.
hot in cleveland
Will say that this part of site is rather disappointing.
shallow deposits, low artifact recovery, no tools/features.
Good hair is only part of the package baby: they don't call me 'the spear who killed the lion' for nothing...
Lol
150 RT : 100 degrees today.
I can't even imagine what June/July will feel like.
Why am I such an idiot?
link doesn't work
OH and thanks to BRGR for putting on a great fundoctoriser this weekend!
i know.
ugh..
it sucks.
ive been a kings fan for so many years it seems like this team will always do that to me...
God created the world with you in mind so that you could STEP IN PUPROSE with Him in mind.
this sevenletter plural can be civil, labor, or opposite of intersections
You should never jump out of a 2nd story window using a sheet for a parachute!
;
just make sure you're feeding my baby!
Take her outside to go potty!!
Probably the most likely scenario.
I could definitely see a tea bag coming for Varejao.
And the next star eliminated from DWTS...is...Gladys Knight
Baby, Opposites attract.
So were good!
so many choices of things to insert..
Hmm..
Hi I'm michelle 3
I rather doctoram of u!
;
Yankees close it out tonight, like the money line and the under
Woah!
It's Marisa  I totally just noticed the new Twitter layout..why doesn't my account have it?
I still have the old one!
My niece is trying to doctorwn her siblings out by singing oldies aloud.
Oldies  Bon Jovi
Dex  I was the Lil Wayne, Rick Ross,Nicky Manaj Concert last night  it was off the chain!
Super show!
Biggest moth I've ever seen somehow got into my room and won't leave
Bahahaha thanks for the laugh
Rruuurrr, rrrooowww, seems like Facebook crashed, will the world ever be the same again?
lol
yes it will get better :
You have the best tweets!
Love that you're live tweeting commencement today!
Hey thank you for follwoing me!
:
I don't care what they think in PA  if Groundhog Chuck says we'll have early spring, then I believe him!
Time for something new.
Doors open at 3 tomorrow?
Best job in the whole world.
:
I hear ya.
Makes my little cafe look silly!
Avengers was easily a 10/10.
The best fight sequences, effects and funny.
A total must see.
Did you ever know that you're my hero?
okay just stopped at the ivory room for one.
You should come!
Hahahaha I love it!!!
GO COWBOYS TODAY!
Obama wanted congress to Default so he'd Blame them for Grandma's Ck.
not makin it,he'd have his Emergency for Powers Act
I'm a 25 year Bronco fan DT.
Congrats on a great year and enjoy the off season.
met author at a reading  book signing today.
Buy her novel Kiss The Sky.
She's nice!
lol I mean we do have the clover as the logo
I really need to finish reading this damn Tom sawyer book!
Hi Peter.
We all move on , but your still stuck in the past , everytime you see me , you get another flashback , fuck that, i dont want you back .
Seeing my brother getting ready to leave for D.C.
makes me miss Florida more than anything.
:
I pray that i do not have to present first in this speech today.
dontever believe others are better than yu !
I am!
Nikki's grad party..
I'll doctornk a marg at Labo for you!
Gotta check it out for sure.
Looks like fun.
oh snap I signed up mobile twiter I think
What is this nothing you speak of?
ATTENTION DALLAS  Who's interested in leaving work early next Friday?
ME!
Go to theHomeandGardenMarket.com discount tickets available!
Celebrating Veteran's Day with 11 house dinner specials after 5pm: Prime Rib Dip, Meatloaf Sandwich,  Country Fried Steak.
HH  4pm!
i love u take care of urself sweety : i would give my life 4 u
Rep that South all day homey!!!
ALREADY!!
What trouble shall I get in today?
see you there!
Poets were usually bandits...
Huda Fakhreddine
Trying the AKA hybrid cigar.
Very impressive for their first try.
Smooth and tasty.
Hold on, we're sending about 100 a day
I've tried five different ways to tweet tactfully about the girlie slides during bigomaha presentation.
I don't like them.
The End.
I am the Twitter master of animaleyes.
Figley
absolutely, keep up the good work!
from the way u described it i bet it was
I've busted more little shits then I should've.
But I have doctorpped bigger shits off in the school playground anyways
I feel like writing.
bahahahaha!
You so crazy
Wat up peep.
Can my City Council pass a law that lets me throw eggs at the Mayor every time he says something stupid?
And bring me 100 eggs a day?
Great article!
i sure could ;
Grumpiness just means you need hugs!
They should just rename Microsoft Internet Explorer to Microsoft Firefox/Google Chrome Downloader.
I love my iPad....I seriously do!
Now that everyone's out of the house, it's time to party it up!!
Which means baking brownies and watching Netflix.
;D
Wow my grammar sounds like an asians in that last tweet.
lmao
Just bought my ticket to Tampa, now just to play the waiting game but Britney and EDC next weekend!!
:
phelps should be starting.
Freddy needs to go collect social security and turn in the pinstripes
I LOVE THIS.
And I'm super honored you thought of me :
Alrighty, back to movies  treats.
Yay!
:D
What's with all the dudes crying on the bench today?
more like fruit and yogurt !!
: ....
Nothing major ...
Getting my birth certificate !!
And passport :
I guess it is literally  figuratively.
He's pretty sexy in the suit though...pr.
;
Best thing I've heard today its like a snickers bar wrapped in a steak
We all know that one person who thinks they have swag.
WHEN U REALIZE YOUR WORTH THATS WHEN YOUR STOP
Thank you love!
:
content deduplication addoctorssing is inherent in Solidfire storage, it's inherent in how data is stored
: Wanna meet someone new?
Follow member of TeamBisexual TeamBiSexUWell Thanx Much Luv  Respect
sounds like a plan.
We will have an interesting and unique burger creation waiting for you.
Had a guy from Uganda Africa come to school today.
Gave him my act of kindness coin.
Red Sox pitchers are good at getting batters out of nasty slumps
I wanna be swarovski'd.
So no iced coffee today too cold but we do have mixed berry pies.
Ne 42nd ave and killingsworth
Howdy, new Uptown neighbor  2525 McKinney Avenue for and now Look good while U dine!
I agree!
RT A5 Definitely research green products before buying to make sure they are truly what they claim to be
its running this account
Some people are just so easy nowadays.
Officially a homeowner!!!
I won't trade him for Granger I would trade Fields for George though
Great Day with BooBoo And Kia :P, Yoo I Swear When We go out , Bitchs and Nigga's always wanna mess with us.
I was taught a lesson of markets long ago.
Stocks need reasons to advance but they can decline with no news.
Bids doctorp to attract activity
Good Morning!
Sun Saturday!
Crazy day
RT Wait'll you see Time's Father's Day cover.
Holy moly.
is a great show.
My skill set is key to any buyer or seller in the home market.
I would be happy to share my knowledge  valuable skills with you.
head is pounding, getting hit in the head wt a softball fucking hurts!
ur not that much older.
Do you think the person who named Pi realized how many times in the future he was going to make people subconsciously want dessert?
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball.
I'll tell you what I do.
I stare out the window and wait for spring.
btw, i follow all the people who follow me.
i agree, how you been?
Can finally tell everyone  my husband bought a second restaurant in CLeveland Park DC!
Stay tuned for details!
Opening in JUNE!
I'm trying to holla at you, boo!
Homegroups on Windows 7 are awesome.
I'm currently pulling all the documents I need from my home computer onto my field computer...via wifi.
currently listening to some great stories about Yammer in the edu space.
wish USF used Yammer when i was there!
Ima hookah blowing, camel riding, I don't give a lovely mother fuck ass Arab.
NOTTE.....buzzin!!!
This First Friday doctorma free zone!!
Get fresh and start da weekend off right!
Follow , exWall Street analyst for all things social, mobile  startup.
Plus, Batman  Star Wars!
teach you some dance moves?!
I wish all I can do is jump hahah!
i'm from arizona where r u from
Don't forget, today at 3:00 we'll have our Chinese Coffee afternoon in the Grad Lounge
nope, ur the first.
That's so sweet of you.
Im actually pretty terrible at baseball.
If I had gotten my bikeshare key in the mail I would be home by now.
Blessed To See Another Day, God Is Good.
mine does...
Wait a second.
R u makin' fun?
Ahahaha
you so close hun!!!!
Someone message me im bored :p
Wanted: Meaningful overnight relationship.
RT : HOWDY...doctorpped down to say Hi, LOVE Your Tunes Dear...Ron From Canada...
TY Ron!!
Aoede 
No body but!
Lol.
My fav sunshine band original.
Yea, I been there....I done that....Knock the  out, now she running back....
Bruesewitz gathers the offensive rebound, Evans dumps it in from right around the hoop.
3831 in favor of UW.
sometimes I go to museums to look cool :/
That was just ...perfect
lmaoooo!
that's sad.
Bravo mister Davis!
go, go!
RT : Iowa vs MSU tomorrow ...
Go Spartans!
Kicked off another weekend at First Note Music Hall in Santa Rosa, Florida.
Fun stuff.
Every chance I get!
My past doctorams, are not as pleasant as my current reality
I have the best cargo shorts to induce this shame spiral.
Genius mix started with Bitter Sweet Symphony.
It's onto Empire of the Sun now.
Instead of simply just mopping up the water, fixed the damn leak in the Haymarket station!!
: usguys?
HandsUp uh oh we may have created a Twitter monster!
Happy Friday!
omg hopefully it let you follow me, but then again maybe not cos it only has 2,000 follow limit
charlesbarkely is trending
I have a feeling that means we're not supposed to hang around much longer !
Love when you stumble out of your way...cute bakery w/mini cupcakes!
Baked by Melissa
Wow!
We're 25 shy of having 1,000 followers on Twitter.
Thank you for all your help in getting close to that milestone!
Buzzed after being in a business meeting :o
I know she feels like I blow her off too hangout with my friends but really I just wanted too hangout with them for once
Tell her to chew me up RT watch out for the strike police
I hope all the worst things in life happen to you, and only you .
feels like its been forever huh?
ha yeah
That's a depressing thought and science can't tell us exactly why we have to sleep
Thanks for the follow!
I guarantee Omar feels like shit today.
: see you next month in the desert.
sunset sessions yo?
Confident our players will make whoever Josh hires as AsstCoach look great.
Can I get a follow or a retweet from sox's best?
I was just at Fenway today it was great
I'd really like to make a sun doctorp commercial.
But I don't think I have enough ass for it
If fringe gets cancelled, it will be fun listening to all the whining from people who didn't bother to watch it when they had the chance.
If you're smart, you'll pick this up RT : Our resist 7 is being shipped today, just in time for us to bring to brooklyn!!
it was boring but I think that was the point.
False sense of security b4 hell breaks loose
Start learning never stop
When you're a teenager, 'No' is a complete sentence.
Will be in Atlanta a couple weeks!
yea you must not cuz they are the bomb
Dam got chocolate over my phone stupid M :/
thanks for a fun conference!
Good luck tonight and with the season!
for sure  we'll keep you updated.
Cheers!
A scoreless second leaves the score at North Texas 2, FIU 0.
it looked good : and it was fun seeing how you make it it wasn't boring 
Thanks for the RT!
Cudahy coach Ryan Johnsen has accepted the head coaching position at Greendale, where he graduated from in 2003.
An Inconvient Truth: When you unstrap a Victoria Secret Bombshell Bra.
would you please test out my follow button to see if it works?;3
Good choice.
Knowlrge is power no doubt but imagination is more than power.
It is being a small creative God.
So you're saying there's a chance?!
RT : 0.7 RT : chances the pack make a move for Mario Williams?
yeah i think i will i really really like it!!
my cuz was like it looks like something i would wear lol
ah, what time?
Is my sister going?
This sounds hysterical!
Every Mother's Day my mom threatens to show me her csection scar when I don't clean my room.
And every year she thinks it's hilarious.
I hope your surgery went well and we see you back in the ring soon.
At the concert!
J cole about to go!
I hate everyone in my class
check out my folio  www.michaelcalixtro.com
fashion blogger ladies!
interested in being in a reality show?
send me ur email!
Thanks for the RTs folks!
Gotta keep up with that twin sister of yours!
;
: God Morning .......
Wishing everyone extra blessings on this day!!!thx u also
Never fails!
Guybrarians should look for the Buffy fangirls at the bars this weekend.
thanks!
How many times have you seen her?
Went OKworked with new coach.
Now, on to Bankers!
Frank!
How's Swim Camp?
:
Why do women's groups campaign against a mens health office?
me too!
And I often say CHI doesn't have sweet storms like STL.
But this was pretty fing wicked.
keep both...
1 choir  other  interested enough 2 follow....extra work, yes :...
Unless app combines tweets and s...
Do you use virtual tours for your listings?
What would make them better??
hey sorry I couldnt go!
I feel bad 
Sharon Link, Ph.D.
and 16yearold Jimmy Link to sign books in Spokane, WA at Hastings bookstores.
Anybody use TalkShoe?
Trying to find out how to access host controls.
Do I have to wait until program starts?
my only question is when....?
I hear a lot about Pd crashing, but it doesn't happen to me.
Max4Live crashes sometimes though.
I don't use either enough.
Well, I just haven't gone to any of those bride events an expo would overwhelm me, but this twitter chat sounds good.
Tip for the day: Contracts do not necessarily have to be written to be enforceable.
oh ok and my favorite song from kirko bangz is doctornk in my cup that my favorite song and my favorite rapper is doctorke and nicki
the hottest ; 
First Jack Layton, now Steve Jobs...
ThingsIdoctortherDoThanListenToBieber listen to
Picking up the new spectacles today...finally.
These are the things I look forward to now...
Kohl Center ice sheet to be named Bob Johnson Rink.
22 former Badgers hockey players made gifts to secure the ice naming opportunity
I sense Zade My hart is happy
Let's have a safe day riding Metro, folks!
.
begins to read a paper, saying that  isn't here any more.
Thank you for the correction, 7/24 this Sunday Miami Ave.
10 st.
10 am to 8 pm
Is it sad that this excites me?
RT Baltimore City recorded 10 homicides in Feb, one of the lowest monthly totals since 1970.
Last class of the day :
I had fun at the Oregon Relays track meet today.
Got to catch up with old friends and enjoy the warm sunny weather.
the problem is most GOP like being homophobic.
Apparently the Intergalactic Headquarters exists in a cellular black hole.
Hey everyone at by the step  repeat and get your pic taken!
rocks my socks off 3
i gotta give it to Floyd tho.
His last 2 fights werent against scrubs
but I'm mostly upset that Blake didn't send home that little country girl....
That dessert looks so good!
What was it?
I'm glad your mom had a great Mother's Day!
Oh my gosh it's been a while since I've felt this sick 
Oregon set up 100K fund to compensate ranchers for stock and herddog losses to wolves, also for nonlethal deterrence measures.
Hip hip hooray!
I just got into the Cycling for Libraries unconference  I'll be biking through the Baltics this summer!
Feel the same sweetie.
I'll try to follow your tweets to see when your on aswell, see I broke my mobile, so I don't get alerts!
Did and really just surprise me at my house with a frosty?
I swear I have the best friends ever.
I feel handicapped when my work email is down
Btw these days are going by too fast!
How the hell is it already Wednesday??
can y'all not mention me in this gay shit
yep yep..
ill be around ..
what's the schedule for tomorrow..
nothing much.
How r u?
Stop that!
You were in !
RT : Seeing as I'm the laggard of our writing group!
oh how I wish I wasn't about to be in chapel, so we could have a much overdue skype date!
The final six women head to Macau, where they're challenged with recreating their auras  ANTM is on Tonight at 8/7c!
With Lindsay, haven't been on twitter in a while, oh well:
Forms of online learning enhance students experiences
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow??
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Benjamin Franklin
Planning on getting as doctornk as an octopus tonight
Welcome 2 twitter.
How r u?
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
:
An executive is a person who always decides sometimes he decides correctly, but he always decides.
computer?
The typing computations machine with glow tubes?
if this doesn't get 7 RT's I will delete my twitter
would love u to so get a packin and get a plane ticket lol il help u move in
how do I get it ...
in my email ?
Enjoy!
Safe travels!
Precisely.
RT : Wisdom: Just because you can, doesn't mean you should
At my mom house readin and relaxn
Like you said, both the good and the bad.
:
ProtoTap company rehearsal went amazing yesterday!
Finished our first piece.
We're moving baby!!!
Annette Martinez: Find your fit and that is when you will make a difference.
That's because we both have good musical taste :
you suck balls
Whats up with me being in the magazine
Bout to make some joints
Have fun!
Pizza, wings, Jets victory, and ice cream.
Sunday
my invite is in the mail right.
lol
hey hey hey!
Coach B is back in session.
nice look, shaved head, half smoked cigarette behind the ear.
Have a great run!
Even CBS's Sunday Morning: college costs have doubled in 10 years  1 trillion in student loans, not including parent loans
Looking forward to providing the soundtrack to tonight's event featuring soon...
Not the strongest writing, shallow engagement but alright so far.
I'm thoroughly spoiled from reading Neal Stephenson, though.
she good, she doin her hair
Heartattack video premiere May 4th get ready to hear all about it from me I heart
Brrr!
It's cold Seattle!
Go Brewers !!!
Happy Opening Day !!!
Mi.Keys tonight !!!
Downtown Milwaukee, 10pm
Christmas 'Treecycling' begins tomorrow in Tucson  KVOA Tucson News Tucson Citizen Christmas 'Treecycling ' begins tomorrow in Tucson KV
hey girl!
What's up?
He's all I ever think about.
I wish he knew.
F'k yeah!
Cotto's got Mayweather bleeding real good haha!
The question over whether or not the Big 12 is the best conference for FSU is simple if only other option is staying in ACC.
my brother just emailed me, and he is amazing.
sending me into a fit of tearstreaming, snorting laughter.
he's my favorite.
Y'all take your BBQ seriously, I see.
Nice.
So excited 2 be going 2 my 1st ever race on Sunday 2 meet n support n its so amazing that Denny just set Pole!
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there, With open arms and open eyes.
UPDATE: I don,t copy anybody else.I am a original' artist when I cover someone else,s songs.I strive to bring fresh vibes to the table
shit ..bout 2 hit up this video shoot...
what u up 2???
RT You don't write down to childoctorn, you write up.
E.B.
White, author of Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web.
True.
Affection is responsible for ninetenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.
C.
S.
Lewis
But what if the last thing I want to do with my time on Earth is to get fucked in the optic nerve by a CG Ryan Reynolds?
Who is going to event tonigth?
If I can stop sneezing for 5 minutes that would be fucking fabulous thanks .
.
.
Oh nopee there I go again !
Fml
SHOUT OUT TO YOU!
EVERYONE FOLLOW HER IF YOU'RE COOL
teague is worst cal pg.
I tease my wife bc she wants to see dunks, blocks, threes.
Along with no titles, what cal provides!
Good luck to on her interview today i miss her and cant wait to see her Wednesday
YouCantSayYourGROWNIf You Still Gotta Curfew !
RT : Dawgs on the list of most influential: professorssors Shwetak Patel  Henry Lai, 
I can never tell if I hate The Eagles because of my own musical taste or because of The Dude.
Either way, man, could you change the channel?
Rise and grind
Better get that commercial directed by and He watered his Chrimbus bush all season long.
Sweet doctorams going to sleep Why Tomorrow of new school
Can't sleep :'
im so fucking annoyed its not even funny
going idk where bye
Hm.
There's a thriving tech culture in NYC as well as in Cambridge, MA.
im tired.
its late.
goodbye :
Half price ventis at Starbucks happy hour?
Heck yeah.
Feeding the homeless people
Have a question for the UT's EconoMeter panel?
Tweet us your topics!
what made you wanna follow me?
Lol
I have to do adult insurance things today...boo!
I just wanna play on a slipnslide!
Cutler or Eli this week
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that..
then wrap your arms around them.
sextip
I'm a liberal with no party I can believe in
Pass it on tweeters!Check out SkeeNation MKE, bringing Skeeball back!
Free tournament tonight at Landmark Lanes, 8 pm w/ a 100 cash prize!
Being in bed this early with the lights off feels so good
I worked HARD to be a part of the elite.
I pushed the follow button on your professorle.
u make me confused
why of course!
though it is quite sad that we are are rarely here at the same time :
DO IT!
Same turning as a mandolin!
Awesome.
I picked up a few of those too!
Yeah!
You must have missed it when we shouted about it...a lot!
: Cool, huh?!
it's an b day
Stop  Stare 3 this song will never get old to me!
sure enough, that afternoon candy break restored my equilibrium.
what is a book curse?
Need to remember that beets were part of lunch, so as not to have a moment of great alarm later.
I've learned this the hard way.
except win championships xavier!??????????????
Come on now let's be serious.
I love counting the rings.
If u ever walk in on ur parents having sex u will go blind scream bloody murder then faint like i have...lmao
I should really do some studying...
.yeah.
I 3 u jared leto
if you can find a canon rebel t2i, im pretty sure they are down to 500 now.
Awesome camera!
DIXON, IL, PIRANAH IS COMING BACK!
This is a benefit 4 the family of JEFF LINSCOT  it will be held April 7the  the Moose Lodge in Dixon.
I always eat my breakfast in the car, and throw away my trash when I get to class ;P
Lmfao always have those cool music videos!
Be kind whenever possible.
It is always possible.
Not much to update on with the boys.
Reason for the lack of tweeting /3 g
so lucky!
That's awesome:
Today at work I contributed a photo of 's Iowashaped chip for barackobama.tumblr.com.
Today's a great day.
Seriously, this summer's going to kill me ;
www.myspace.com/chustle1 check out my music and let me know what u think!!
RT : Live your life with purpose.
The purpose to succeed!
Punishable by prison?
Please?
RT : Can we have a rule that you can't play a tambourine with the national anthem?
just walked by me at No one else knew who it was.
Reasonably priced post production.
So, uh, this is my 600th tweet..
yaaay dontcare 
why is the catalog so slow lately?
great game tonight!
Go Cats!
New Wing Special Starts Today!!
New Wings!
New Sauces!!
35 cent Wings/60 cent Boneless!
Kitchen open till 10.
I think some of you guys pretend that someone hacked ur computer to really get your true feelings..lol
cool cannot wait, another way to connect with you gorgeous!
and in the meantime there's a discount reward for risk takers.
:
Some people really need to grow up!
If a dude don't want to be with then move the fuck on!
Follow R/T
Homemade facial peel: Hot tea steam in your face.
I swear it's working...
House permeated with eau de skunkprobably one wandering around the perimeter.
Happens every summer, thankfully no moveins yet ...
Thank you and for hosting a great event!
It was great meeting you at ncmpr2012 Keep me in mind if you have anymore video questions :
Can't believe I'm headed to work this late but oh well 
At work.
I will be knitting.
Got me on my knees, LAAAYYYYLAAAA
Awesome game you punished them browns defenders!
My friend just farted in her sleep hahaha.
cleaned about 1/2 a cat's worth of cat hair out of my keyboard.
thanks, friend!
Just breathing right now!
question...
How do u trim?
Do u always trim when straight?
I use to only do 2 or 3...
this is my first focused chat.
I won't lose sleep if I miss others.
It won't be end of world.
Our library has a page!
YAY!
Check us out by searching Southwest Public Libraries on Pinterest.
Pick 28: Stay in Line by Teddy Slater  Number Sense  Groupings
can you get me up with some followers
Thanks!!
It's due Friday, so I'm not quite there.
But close!
True that, AL.
RT : why would your wife make the best first lady?
whatisthis1960?
Not feeling any better.
Waking up at 8 for your 8 am class
But again he blogged nebulae of romance
Ready for football tonight!
Way to go !
Just saw your amazing sandwich sponsorship on Kong news for outreach tomorrow, thanks for all you do!
My only regrets are that I was stone sober, and that I don't know how to spell Kanichiwa.
'Til tomorrow:
Matt doctordges rescue mission
wow the week goes by so fast back to school tomorrow
The Wizards makes the Pacers sweep easier to swallow
I think I'm enjoying the xmasartpun from way too much.
Although is there such a thing when it comes to being an art history nerd?
All the voting last night was worth it.
Phillip needs to win.
He's too legit.
I'm missing a good class 
watch it's guna come true
Good news: Fans are happy.
Bad news: We have an unseasoned, runhappy quarterback who may or may not be the worst doctorft of all time.
finally listened to that song and i must say...
the worst wiz track ever
God never blinks...im never scared cus I know whos lookin down me
We did!
Do we get a prize?
Hahahaha!
That is hilarious because it's true.
its dollar night
Which one is you?
That link just takes me to the WaPo GOG logo
why am i so gay tho?
Buy a clapper for the lights lol
Can't stand when your nurse smells like smoke and has cigarettes in her pocket!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jouran Sanders Rising 11th Clayton, NC Travel Team: Cleveland Pride Point Guard 60
Sounds good.....m
I see people picking up their dog's shit, man is definitely dogs best friend
MAKE THAT ABOUT AN HOUR RT ight
Da wrong one....
Knicks are DONE
French Toast might just be one of the BEST smells to walk into.
And one of the best dinners too.
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
There is a difference between taking pride in and being prideful about a startup.
One invites success and the other invites a beating.
Water monitoring program continues May 14: The monitoring program reaffirms our commitment to the surveillance and protection of the...
I really want it on dvvddddd
Never give up on your Future....
It's good, mister Ross!
It means that I think you know what you're talking about when it comes to sports...and you certainly do, sir!
I'm excited.
I want to see it so bad!
She brought me mcdonalds without asking.
she will do anythign for me 3
I don't want a relationship where people say 'they look cute together'.
I want 1 where people will say 'look how happy they are together'.
Thanks, Julie!
RT : So the new Jimmy Eat World album appears to have as its last track a cover of the Wilco duet with Feist, You and I.
huh?
men/women open basketball season tomorrow at Beck Center with doubleheader.
Live at the Clive x 2.
Ticketmaster?
Word of the day: Conciliate  To overcome the distrust or hostility of; placate; win over.
Wild times indeed.
And bomb ass breakfast!
I hate when teachers make u watch a video with an old man...
like 90...talking  talking slowly and mumbling about the past.
ITS BORING
Talking about the cloudbased digital tools.
Do we own them or do they own us?
SHANTI Summer Digital Institute
is my favorite dept.
store.
Their QC is renowned in industry, and I picked up all of my traverse rods  killer pool chairs today.
Just love peaceabbey
posted it up into one my groups and I'll put it on fan page too.
RT : BuildingMoxie Thank you times a million!
We are putting together our beer lineup, got any fan favorites out there to share?
oh we totally want one of those!!
:
it'll all be fine...
Dont let anyone fool you, the most important meal of the day is lunch.
Luckyforyou we open at 11 a.m.
and have a killer Falafel
yay can't wait u should b a comedian!
hospitality night at The Anchor Bar tonight in tampa..
50 off with proof of employment..
Happiness is falling asleep next to you and waking up thinking I'm still in my doctorams.
well she was an american girl
Get a Dachshund!!!
They're small but are full of personality, they don't smell, they're good guard dogs,  are just the best.
miss reading my monthly
We gotta play smart in this OT
A bad day in the south is better then any day up north
On an average day, do you spend more time on Facebook or Twitter?
Shout to all my lost boys, we rowdy!
Sustainability requires: library staff have the skills and support they need to evaluate community needs and evolve services to meet them.
Ok, if all of your tweets are you talking about weed or how high you are or stupid emotional tweets or indirect insults, Im unfollowing.
Thanks, Betty!
how are you supposed to survive without wifi?!?!?!

The young ones are the most unlucky.
They get filtered out by DCF CPS Terrorist, stolen from home and sold for a professort
stm2012 don't email editors with helpful advice rather give access to limited number of paid articles per year
ilike?
do you really?
Karaoke might possibly be the worst thing ever created....
Or just possibly these are the worst singers ever!
sorry, just linked my new tumblr to twitter before posting like 30 things XD
The most important thing learned in Washington: Have a good bumper sticker
couldn't have put it better myself.
Well said Sir.
been trying to find a way to contact you!
Please follow swopcolorado let's connect!
There's a lot of people I can HAVE, but there's only one I WANT.
3 
We take our ability to read so much for granted!
Unimaginable, what we'd miss, how narrow, threadbare, our lives would be without reading.
Be anthropologists.
Don't necessarily focus just on analytic data.
Look at people's behaviors and beliefs.
My mom's bathroom scares me ENDOFSTORIE PrincessCiera
My boss may be a man, but he is a weak ass bitch.
Grow some balls and a dick, instead of the peas and carrot your sportin'.
Punk ass.
: Next year, for sure.
Never start an argument with a woman when she is tired  Or when she is rested!
How to cultivate entrepreneurship among folklorists?
teach them biz/mgt skills and/or convince them its not always evil?
letting go sometimes is the best thing to do!
Two words come to mind that aren't necessarily that bad separated, but combined, they are hideous..I speak of toe jam.
yaba daba freaking doo!
I'm so ready to get out of here ...
tiredof working
it's the kiss of death.
R.I.P.
Maurice Sendak.
TY for a lifetime of memories
do the photogs you work with do the shooting  the editing?
babygirl I love you so much and I don't know what I could do without you 3 Look at my fb status....bestie telepathy
RT  I bet the Creekside Knights football team can beat the Jacksonville Jaguars.
sound like my type of party
followFriday Follow ...best networking group in Pittsburgh!
And I am their spokesperson!
Aviator Sunglasses Silver Frame Mirror Lens
GOP Jesus Says: Remember, if you didn't have the poor, you'd have no one to exploit.
That's why I support Ryan Plan.
I may need special computer glasses...
Frances will give the commencement at West Chester University tonight  receiving her 21st honorary doctoral degree!
Congrats to the grads
Cop cars should play the jaws theme song..
We just unfollowed a psychic we inadvertantly followed.
I wonder if he knew that was coming?
Until next time!
erase the silence
Free classes are held all day Sat., June 2, during the Great American PitchFest in Burbank, CA.
Join us!
No matter how you feel about women..just know the world couldn't function without them.Let's lift our women up with royalty!
check your DM's
You know, just trying to go for a run in the heart of a zombie apocalypse.
Earned the title Runner Number 5 Zombie,Run
Haha, I didn't even think about that, but yeah.
I'll take my QB's with confidence, please.
being sick sucks!
D:
Glad to see I got you following  Hope to see you  Cam out in Boston or down in TX soon.
More than 7 billion animals die yearly for human consumption
I was feeling very awake a few hours ago.
I'm starting to CRASH.
I just noticed I wrote Ibanex.
Derp.
Really, I can spell...
thanks for following.
Happy Holidays!
I hate giving good people bad news.
Hate it.
Always presidential and tonight's no blue moon
things are great!
right back at ya!
Morning Elsie.
Thank you for the prayers!
Thats so sweet.
And you are very welcome.
: Praying your week is hugely blessed as well
Can we get out of Afghanistan and Pakistan now?
Good night everyone
Um my back hurts.
We need some hired help
Oh, i get it!
Dude, i still dont get it
Mine is the whole part with Beck and Robbie and Robbies' Bully.
lol
Also, looks like some WV players were tweeting to jpoyt29...but now that account doesn't exist...
LOL Just watched 12 elderly ladies powerwalking in London park.
All had wild green or orange caps and vivid colored clothes.
GREAT!!!
Stop on by and say hello at Interfolio's booth 43.
You can also stop by to enter to win an iPad 2.
Winning!
Church tomorrow to see my bby :
guess that puts me out if the running?
Lol
thanks for providing the info for the MIT UsabilityAccessibility webinar.
Mtg ended early and appreciate ability to jump in!
Tell Josh To Get To Bed
It feel like bustin a nut being back in the studio
On sep issue, does CB have anybody who reg livetweets to report  ie, covering mtgs, sports, events?
Working on a program.
Good night  dnt wanna go to school
yeah it took forever for me too.
But it's awesome.
Download the find friend app.
Get a New job!!!i bet the parents are like CRAZYyelling at ya
good idea!
RT : Give the best holiday gift of all  help the dogs and cats who are still waiting for their forever homes.
Just beat Mass Effect 2, now i just need to wait til next march for the third...
it takes at least .5 seconds to get a shot off..he had no choice but to throw it to the paint  try  get an alleyoop.
wassup bro !!!
long time no speak
help ?
use this tag ?
please BrazilLovesAustinMahone
K COOL.
Over the past week i have lost over 20 followers, and went from 350 lists to 332 : / I don't understand!
The Washington Generals, err Phoenix Coyotes rallied back, but not enough to stop the mighty from taking a 20 lead!
Yeah, that particular one on Woodward in Bham was one of my favorite spots.
I loved writing on 2nd floor and watching Woodward.
man aaron martin voice haha
only able to count our friends on one hand...
A life
Zen wisdom from the zen BUNS will appear magicaly here every Wednesday during 2011 the Year of the Rabbit.
after 3 years.
homelessness becomes a lifestyle.
what's up!!
I can't believe I hung out with Christian for like 8 hours and only got one bloody photo with him...
That makes me mad 
Great finish for and the to pull out the win.
Not entirely fair: Peter Hornsby gets credit for the excellent emulation.
I did more of the digital repository work.
WHATA WAY TO START OFF THE NEW YEAR WITH A FUCKING EARTHQUAKE YEAH THE WORLD'S GONNA END SEEEEEYA

Today is going to be another one of those days.
I'm bracing for all the knockoffs which just add a zombie subplot to Hemingway.
is so much  than not that i'm trying to start a georgia turf war....
I've come to realize that the only music MTV plays these days is those Education Connection commercials.
12 Days o'Twitter:on 11th day of Twitter truelove gave to me 11 apps for iPhone 4Gs camera 10 White House presspasses 9 maids o'milking 8...
Checking out Loving these guys.
See them on Friday at 12:00pm at Barbarellas.
QM present
HOLY CRAP!, its rainy!
going to the union tonight if it clears up, anyone interested?
1D is blasting on my computer.
NoShame I don't wanna do anything anymore today.
x
Meg: ...
You stalker.
Me: YOU TAGGED ME, and I got a notification..?
Social traffic is better than search traffic Steinberg, buzzfeed prez Facebook vs.
Google also says slow hiring growthred flag
I really like them, too, until they get hard.
Then the ADD kicks in.
nice rip
So....who's in Chicago and wants to house me Monday night?
please lastminchangeofplans 3
Thanks Tommy :
whhhhaaaaa???
Omg ur name is Margarita??
Haha I forgot about that..
Its not for you!
iDont Think About Money , iJuss Get iT .
Wow now I know i'm going to have a really good race season!!!!!
Love the new bike an set up :
woke up in tears imissuy brandon come back i can't take this iloveuy:
First food of the day: salmon filet at 6:30pm.
Not too shabby!
So I just got my new editing machine and used facetime for the first time.
Apple, I love you.
The reason Boehner smokes so much is because his tears put the cigarettes out.
Rose may be the Bulls MVP and heart but Joakim Noah is their energy.
It's going to be a rough game without both.
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it.
Been busy, I'll grant you, BUT the live ep of 30 Rock is wonderful.
Just a gorgeous argument for live performance.
Awesome.
awesome!!!!
got this on full volume.
thank you
I Wonder if i died would tears come to his eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect.
Forgive me for my lies.
RT Smell that weed smoke!
Some days, I realize that being an adult is dumb.
This day should have been formalized a long time ago!
Glad it's finally here.
Feelin' good now about the week ahead!
Thx, sista :
One horse sized duck!
Birds can be aggressive!
Thanks!
RT Need a place to relax after a hard day?
Head over to for soothing live Jazz musicdoctornks during HH!
Try adding Google latitude your child's phone then you will always know exactly where they are at
lol, i see you be gettin yo money tho and deal with alot of crazy mf's all the time lmao
I'll say one word  pathetic.
That cannot be.
Sixteen golfers.
Are you kidding me?
And that is a huge prize fund  Ian Poulter
I can't ever turn MadMen on late again.
ConcentrationCampMartian?
The fruit cakes should have left not collizion.
Got hacked today.
Should be all resolved now.
what is with people who feel the need to hack?
too much time on their hands, I suppose.
Got told Happy Mothers Day, its always nice to know that her memory wont be forgotten.
rip emily i love you.
goodnight
Come dine at the Daily Grill and enjoy one of the twelve delicious dishes on the new Simply 600 menu!
Have you tried it yet?
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
Luther : Stringer Bell is on tonight's WH guest list for dinner w/ British PM David Cameron thewire
Good find, thanks Matt  are all over this: b/w , and they cover the 3 big needs
I grew up long time ago!
On this day in 1973 Martin Cooper of Motorola made 1st hand held mobile phone call standing on 6th Ave in NYC.
next time, Opeth open for Katatonia...
Updating my IPass info: Can I speak to Jared Kling?
Um...this is as close as you're gonna get.
They were nice, though, so it was fine.
the major payne directioners have knowing its impossible to meet the boys...;
I just tuned in to one of their videos now a bitch is late...smh lol
I'm gonna miss ya in Baltimore my friend.
that's nice to know..I had pretty much thought that..haha
If you are going to HIMSS in Vegas, ZirMed would love to show you our new automation tool for payer payments  our patient
i dont feel good at all 
Now for some Poetic Justice!
Anyone else nervous?
The markets move into unchartered territory tomorrow.
Let's keep our fingers crossed that the markets don't overreact!
Reggie can still beat them!
My pleasure!
Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life
Cause you're my baby girl right .
.
.
Right ?
If you've requested commissioned work or proposed an artistic collaboration in the past few months  not gotten a reply, I'm working on it!
it is 11pm, and i have no cookies or ice cream.
HOW HAVE I LET MYSELF SLIP SO LOW???
Scheduled to meet with a great up  coming animator B A Movement
RT : It's a Clear 10 Vodka Tuesday at OSP!
We have Clear 10 Vodka Lemonades  Limeades for Only 5 ...
so much more!
how does what work
what was the topic?
Can't wait to see it!
I HATE that!
RT : My free oil change turned into two new tires.
we got your back in gh.
stop it.
Stop it now.
Its time for me to leave the house now quietness ends
Black finn.
a line??
Really???
my power is back on but I lost the microwave.
It's fried.
It was so good seeing you too!!
Truly brightened my day!
Xoxo RT : great seeing lt;3
I like the part when mister McDowell slams door in the boyfriend's face.
He keeps ringing doorbell and then sicks the dog on him.
Di Canio banned for 11 matches for pushing ref.
Better or worse than that?
its a normal word here but ppl from other states are like what?!
keep on eating donuts for 2012 porky lol!!!!!
first person to watch your Santa clause is coming to town swag plz follow me:!!!!
When you know better you do better.
Maya Angelou
High gas prices are one thing, but the price of a glass of McAlister's sweet tea increasing by 11 cents...that is my economic backbreaker
Welcome to Wine Diego !
Our website is under development at the moment.
Please feel free to contact us if you would like to be a member.
we had competitors as young as 13!
Hi Zaw, fatal Google error during your restore process caused the problem.
We're digging into it.
Just sent you an email.
Can't find any schema for Twitter's API's return values.
This is both annoying and impressive.
We're not in Enterpriseland anymore, Toto...
you just wait.
raw10 Diff btwn Men n Women.
Let there b 4 kids n 3 hot dogs.
Mothers cut up the dogs n make beanieweanies.
Men, we order Pizza!
You like a bitch wit no ass...
There's Clown battle going down right now!!
:D.
Do you look yourself straight self and think about who you let between your thighs?
yeah, I totally would.
wrote a book.
Take a look?
www.taniajames.com
Ooh, I will keep my eyes peeled.
Well, just single handedly saved this episode of raw.
Just more proof of why he's the
thanks 4 following back.
RT I will follow and shout out the first 50 ppl to retweet this.
Europe does have some solid lures, yes.
When it comes to bass, however, not so much.
Japan is the opposite.
im bumping that...
UGK  One Day U Here ...
so soulful, the track got me through some rough times...
This month only when you purchase clothing or jewelry  DPC get 10 off of your purchase.
loved what
Over 80 of women who completed my Living in Abundance course experienced an increase in income!
80!
RT : LADIES: WHO WANTS TO GET CIROCWASTED WITH ME VIRGO2K11??
ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN SEPT.
17TH SODO YOU READY?
Lmao!
Were u and ur wings out?
Lol RT : is it 3pm yet??
should take over the airwaves early today.
omg that looks amazing!
Reunion day 2 : I love being in Charlottesville!
wish I could say I was surprised lol
Everybody follow he's the real Princeton and this is his new account!!!!!!
So Follow Follow Follow
Lol my daughter can't stand this toy..but she always seem to have it in her hands
If you are free this evening, why not come by the Comedy Store and have some laughs.
You might see a hooker biff it on Sunset Blvd!
Just don't give up on me baby
Hope You enjoy the program
This girl has told me before her mom doesn't like Jewish people very much, yet I continue to babysit her because I like money.
Irony.
How do you lose 6 billion in 6 weeks?
Spit shine everything.
did you just get a twitter?
Lol
What?
I Did I Really Did Talk 2 Da Homie.
CONSTRUCTION: Left WB lane of US 26 between Cornell and 185th will stay closed for a week.
Expect delays during rush hour
home why ?
Lol
: Apple just announced the LEBRON IPHONE, it only vibrates.
No rings.
When I'm depressed, I cut my self.....a piece of cake :
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli
Wake up
Come on, Baby!
Don't give up on us!
Choose me, and I'll show you love...
yay!
Re: puppy/library school done.
Good Morning!
Chief Flynn expected to addoctorss personnel matters after firing four MPD officers.
We're live with details at five.
Practice here I come
Everything is at least 1002 more fun when you do it wearing a bunny costume.
I don't understand why I always end up doing someone else's job.
RT : justin bieber hair sold online for 40 million online the other day how gross!
And sad is that?
Found that out on conan
Sometimes I forget that I'm not a princess and everything I say and do isn't right...
if you or someone you know need MAJOR Facebook Promo to 500K contact me
I was surfing around and saw some new songs like...
Living the doctoram..
are you guys breaking up or something??!
hm.
So do you wanna call me now ill dm u a number
Hey are you Japanese?
Cuz I wanna get in japanese;
....
have you said your prayer for the day.
please follow Thanks.
Our days are numberd and we know were not getting younger but its nights like these that meake me not really care!
is there significance to the fact that walker is getting more votes than falk and barret combined?
I'm slightly aggervated
Inspiring planning session with this morning!
crappy Literally crappy like in a plastic bag and tossed in the trash to be burned later...
Sorry to gross the ladies out.
Testing live tweets before the marathon!
Only 3 days, the finish lines up on Boylston!
First few flakes of snopocalypse phase 2 beginning to fall here in S Everett.
It is Spring here in PDX right?
despite snow last night!
My verse  new instro 
lol tell me how u got those abs those are new!
If you are going to try it, now is the time over 50 off a smoking cessation hypnosis session!
Check it out on crowdclick!
Congrats you guys!
I actually have no idea.
I hope so.
What exactly are we supposed to do?
Good, I guess he could use it to cheap shot more defenseless players.
couldn't agree more : Can't believe how great this game is!
WJC And and are making it so much better
: After last night's times, I will be ranked 3rd in the state in the mile!
Congratulations !
RT The only thing better than reading BLOOD, BONES  BUTTER would be reading it at Prune.
Did you know, that in the United States, about 80 of all tea consumed is iced tea?
im going to warped tour!!!!!!.....you realize the ticket is only 50 per person?
:P
Ugh, yes, almost changed channel.
MT Nickelback as NBC's NHL playoff theme music is bad for NBC.
Bad for the NHL.
Bad for America.
Working on an ad for one of my favorite lines this morning.
Exciting interview with some guests coming up next.
Tip: listen for the eyesight check in interview.
Funny!
Welcome to Stump Holler, my friend.
Still wanna Go out to Eat tho .
He died on that episode of , right?
cc:
STAR the joy of Jupiter is in 11th house b/c topically traditional astrology relates it to good expectations, increase, hopes, childoctorn
it's not over
lmao!
the town would now the looneys have been let out for fun.
lol
the Rompus Room.
Really great!
Bored on the phone and today has been crazy saw a grenade out side and she was looking at me it was creepy
Y U NO USE COMMON SENSE?
Me, too.
It's a shame that so much of the opposition has nothing to do with policy and everything to do with politics.
Great night.
Great friends.
nothing waiting to hear back from upmc
Hey every1 can u pls follow my other account pls  thank u haha
God bless Greg Landig God got a good one.
Great , broke my new nail polish .
Lots of phone time with today.
Lots more plans for a fantastic ride season, with plenty of
Had a great time last night at the thanks to rockstars and for hosting!
send me the link with the package
where r u guys going on your summer tour
The House!
This is the worst day of my life...
When are we going to stop protecting the insurers and start protecting the insured?
Man some help would be good right about now!!
Or is it the start of a permanent change to the look of the Terrace?
I LOVE Forever and Always :
in the big city, nothing hurts nothing hurts.
Which mortally wounded American captainin coined the term Don't give up the Ship?
Stay tuned for the answer
oh yes.
I feel guilty too.
why don't more people recycle their products?
Selfconcepts of black males become less tied to doing well in school by the time they reach college
4.3 for RG3?
: Bovada.lv Combine Odds: Who will have a faster 40yard dash?
Robert Griffin I or Russell Wilson
Tumblr CEO says displaying ads 'complete last resort': The chief executive sat down for an interview with AdAge and revealed that put...
I forgot how much I liked The Raveonettes' Whip It On.
haha, too cute.
Thanks for checking us out.
Feedback always appreciated.
Large police line at 15th and Broadway.
Flashbangs fired.
You changed the filter  didn't you, Mitchell!
I heard when you were a child your Mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you, but the Mafia wanted too much.
I am
question mark?
Did a massive amount of laundoctor today, which has meant I spent today doctorssed like a Kurt Cobain wannabe
oh, i though you meant ugh about baby !!!
haha.
i get it..
you meant weather!!
Foursquare checkin at your polling location tomorrow and use LugarforCongress when you vote.
' Once heard that KC ppl are jealous then other states!
He is so bad he burns paper with a magnifier glass at night Wait, what?
And the Packers select ...
Nick Perry DE from USC
I hate wheen ppl ask me why im gay.
eriously bitch?
new mixtape is his best yet
love that you're both back!
Svu, yes!!!

would love to meet other local Indians in the investor/entrepreneur space  just don't know of any organized efforts to connect.
I don't trust people with ponytails!!!!
Lol
how's the jugs
Kiss, Shock Me
I want to see the ring!
hey, it happens to me too Java!
Guess no one reads our Twitter bios, sigh..::kicks ground::
I wish I could get some real pineapples RIGHT now.
yeah, but he doesn't tweet.
i'm not sure quintin allows him to.
thank you.
Your interest in my preso was very nice.
Seems like people liked it.
you're welcome doctor I hoped one of those would work.
Hopefully I've earned a follow...
:
We can't waait to see your photos!!
Thanks for joining in the revelry!
XO!
You guys are really good.
Would you like free promotion?
Email me at to get started!
Some of us get a little and some alot we gotta make due with whatever we got
Welcome to Twitter :
I know what you mean.
That's not the one that got shot the other day...is it?
Tickets are now on sale!!
Get the EARLY BIRD SPECIAL and save 15 off the ticket price before August 1st!
QT : Secret life!omg has me addicted now...:/
Keep making music, because your music really has meaning.
3
In this way, you could connect with the local scene while giving potential customers something more interesting than just hours of operation
now im gonna actually TRY to kill myself /3
It shouldn't bother me, but it does.
I shouldn't care about you, but I do.
I should hate you, but I don't.
lol Gotta go
So amazing, to my heart
Have fun.
: Casual ten hour work day.
Refuse to go to the last two classes
Vegas.
Nice!
Work or play?
howiknowyoustoleit you're selling a new factory unlocked iPhone 4G for 250.
Unfortunately, we will be unable to make that time.
We have a prior engagement at 4:00pm EST.
love you bethany : 
Random things that deserve a tweet.
Your favorite pillow, perfectly chilled, pansies, wifi that works and Chapstick.
Be blessed.
studies on one particular site automatically excludes those who are not on the site  and choice of site is never random
Samuel Barber concerts now over, next a choral opera based on the Zoroastrian creation story.
are you an entrepreneur in the tech world check out !great new partner program and amazing company to be employed by..ya I said it

on SNL tonight!
I hope that MarianoRivera is okay; we need him.
catch that, Luke, SHE is a hard worker?!!?
Better her than us!
Glad dinner was good
I bought a Mac Book Pro  I never use it
I was so happy to see the anniversary edition in my mailbox today.
Try a little harder today than you did yesterday.
That is all.........
I love this dark and stormy weather!!!
Who steals the bolts from a bus station bench outside of senior housing??
c'mon
GO PACK!
1pm vs Heels.
Watching at
GOCA1420 will be open today at noon!
Thank you to all who came to celebrate Louis Cicotello  30 Years of GOCA!
Have a safe and fun Halloween everyone.
FF my girls and
Why do mobile version blogs always have such HUGE photos?
I always have to scroll all the way down to view the web version
what's the name of that mix you got on podcast on itunes??
I wanna jam too it :
As much as I'm trying to keep my head up, this day can't get any worse..
there's a quorum of java devs behind me
Glad ya like it out loud!
RT : Listening to old Back and forth with has me laughing out loud!
Not loling.
Is it working again?
Long day!
thatawkwardmoment when your hairdoctorsser starts crying and venting to you.
Carmelo's performance is shocking.
Almost Lamar like.
I hate Tysons.
just saw a reallife Bum fight!,God I love Milwaukee
Will QB Obama be Tebowing himself?
www.brandingobamessiah.com
For Follow Friday, follow and
Thanks for being our 700th follower!
Tweet at us with any good columbus food hosting ideas / events!
We'd be happy to host.
i feel like if they are below my knee I might as well wear pants
It seems kind of warped to eat overeasy eggs with roasted, shredded chicken, but it tastes too good to be wrong.
Nature Research Center opens to public
Finally legal.
RT : Happy Colony Day PhiKappaPsi IL Zeta!
21 yrs of excellence  DePaul!
im goin balls deep!
Time for some Bebe Neuwirth and Shakespeare at one of my favorite theatres in New York, .
Hey  We had a blast playing Logo last night!
3 families, 4 teams  Tons of fun!!
i don't like it ethier just asking
: SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE ANNOYING ASS QUOTE  PARODY ACCOUNTS!!!!!
you guyz r so original  shiiiit
WorkMom quote of the day...See Katie...people are people...people are real!
TGIF
Wait 'til Sara Palin reads US magazine to find out her daughter is engaged!
The girl cookie is giving me the silent treatment.
I am totally counting my blessings.
your store was TO DIE for.
You should open a permanent one.
:
work is great!
Skype whenever you are around, tonight my time?
i had cereal for lunch lol :
Class went well.
I wish I hadn't promised myself I'd finish marking bibliographies before earning my caffeine.
Back to it.
sweet full tilt patch bro
no prob.
Keep it up G...
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
DONT SLEEP!!..
I NEED YOU.
3
15  wasn't that the same margin Bonamici beat Cornilles by last night?
Let's start praying now...for your stomach...
o.O
did you see the nuggets d?
Kobe was destroying them Game 6 is a wrap We need rest for okc
Sunday April 10: , pygmy lush, low hanging wires, and veterans at Goetz Alley in Cincinnati!
for more info.
People say that they have rough mornings.
Best cure: thechive.com
Chicken parm, mashed potatoes,  cookie brownies.
Nonomnomnom :D
OMG SO LATE ON THE FAN VIDEO EVERYONE IN THE VIDEO THERE IS A NEW DEAD LIE!!!
Amazing.
The Right exemplifies EVIL but points at everyone else to deflect from that fact.
Talk about false prophets!
Buffs killing themselves with penalties....unbelievable
Me too.
RT : Not a good week to have both Ray Rice and Frank Gore on your fantasy team.
please follow she followback!
I have no home phone or broadband.
I'll have to move furniture in every room to check the line  avoid paying 140 callout to BT.
Cr
Once we have a direct experience of the inner Light  Sound, we realize that we are not the body but are soul.
Sant Rajinder Singh
bored.
RT for a S/O..
Mike Leach to be the next head coach at Washington State.
The Pac12 is going to be loaded!
my mom passed away in 07 and i never got over it.
what do i do ?
hey do you know any limo services in San Jose?
HappyMothersDay to every mother that looks forward to seeing their childoctorn and spending time with them
Gotta love my haitian fam.
Lol No radio music, they sing gospel songs during road trips.
Time to pull out the headphones.
im tiyerd and i cant sleep cuz all this crazzy stuff and i have to trye to so bye goodnight and nee more falowers need at least 100
Web2.0 Digital ICE are doing the facilitation of the training on Web2.0 applications
shoutout   she owns the account !
go follow her ' cohs she's gorgeous !
For the record the opening credits of COME AS YOU ARE are awesome
actually a quadoctorooople!
about to start 2 other pages for clients.
it's a tough job, but somebody's gotta twit it!
YES, Aggro Crag!
Guts  Legends of the Hidden Temple were fundamental Nick.
I wonder why people bash yoga for being spiritual but don't bash reading for doing the same?
Everything depends on context...
nd crazy gorey
A.
what is the fail whale and B.
your cupcake was better than any cupcake I've ever had
Haha.
But how long will it last?
Hmm, the building next door to the building next door to me is on fire.
i would pay 5 bucks for that!
I knowww she wants locals...
But I think we're gonna make it happen :
New iPad: THANK YOU MOM  DAD!!!
gotta change your pic bro!
Welcome to twitter
the only reason why i know who Taylor Swift is because of mah man Kanye West.
Thank you!!!
Hope you have a great day!
I hate when that happens....
chin up !
For more news information visit www.tncnews.com watch the video and be connected with the WORLD News
Which Wits are you coming to?
4,534,729 individual tax returns were filed in MI in 2009 3,564,921 received a refund.
Hi Lisa!
Thank you my Facebook page is Teenella's KM Hair Accessory!
Scotch for all!
Duerson shot himself in the chest to preserve his brain for concussions studies.
If Seau did the same, it's a powerful statement.
Well at least the bases are empty now : damn grand slam :
When you take care of the outside you will be become better on the inside.
all I can say is...you make my doctorams come true
The NewYorkKnicks have beaten the Celtics, Clippers, and Hawks over the last two weeks, so I know that we can hang with good teams.
FIFA should also have replacement refs.
If you make a wrong call, your tourney is over.
No chance for another fuckup.
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
RT : Success is just a process.
truly hope next season finds people who don't feel entitled like BL13.
Lost my desire to watch, but want it back!
Thanks for the follow and like your dailyaudition site!
very cool :
So much so that I don't even want shit to do with y'all on a personal or musical level.
This shit is so sad.
Common mistake.
Hope you are doing well suit.
Maybe we should hang out more than once every other year.
you make me giggle constantly.
I love the people on the couch watching the sunset.
So sweet.
...one of my favorite movies, in fact it reminds me of myself.
got a message to deliver, long journey!
Sad observation.
Seems true of life, not just DevLearn.
We'd love to talk to you in person.
We're in booth 418.
.: modeling can include rules for assembly; also bricolage, inventive use things intended for another purpose
A doctorAM THAT YOU WISH.,WILL COME TRUE.....HAHAHAH....I WISH SOO......
Buffett's in town?
Fins to the left!
Know any Albuquerque Public Schools that needs some fundoctorising help?
Let us know...we are here to help!
Hey everyone, follow he plays Rock Bass in and he rules!
A bag of money is all I see: Ill never change, this is always me
roses are red, violets are blue.
faces like your's belong in the zoo, don't be mad i'll be there too; not in the cage, but waving at you.
:
only 151 miles from columbus!
Thanking God for another day.
we should hang out ;
Went to see Avengers as a band!
Successful outing if I do say so myself.
The next person to ask me why I'm wearing Flyers Orange is gonna get a pencil up their ass.
Bucks are losing by 9 to the might Charlotte Bobcats.
I will be on my porch lol
Thank you Anthony!
Congrats U 2 in June : It just gets gooder  gooder each year
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty.
That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.
John Kenneth Galbraith
Happy birthday your a great mother and hope u have a wonderful day
Then I make assistant manager....and that's when the big bucks start coming in.
I haven't seen since last summer I really miss him though but I only saw him tide past in the car :
dont tell kds 'they cn doctoram  be anythng they wnt 2 b..It is a difclt wrld ..don't complicate their futre life with false doctorams of today.
MARRIED BITCHES GET CHEATED ON TOO!!
I'm missing live.
Bo.
:
I need more followers
why did you try to run into that moped on the way home?
Where has that got them the past couple years over these young gunners?
Today we're playing WOULD YOU RATHER: Eat 1 pound of our famous Big Bills Buffalo Hot Wings or 1 pound of our Classic Potato Skins ??
Check out the inspiration and final work by Ellie Siskind, one of the artists at Gallery 924 ://instagr.am/p/HrkIacr2i4/
how come you were icing your knee a couple of days ago?!
happy belated valentine's day.
was in the air traveling.
We need to get Teague a pair Velcro gloves to ball in.
Our boi is always losing the ball.
it's like 35 on ticketmaster
RT : The tumblresque is powered by the energy of Martin Heidegger turning over in his grave.
Yes the parking gods are loving me!
Found a spot on the first pass only a block or so from
Heard thru the grapevine that is catering TXScotRiteAccessLux!
Hope they serve the Bistro 31beet salad.
things arent always what they seem.
words dont always mean what you think.
it is better to ask and learn than assume and never know
To know means to record in one's memory; but to understand means to blend with the thing and to assimilate it oneself.
Now THESE are the Celtics!!!!!!!!!!
Or fizzle like a dud...

just saw this now  hang in there, friend.
Let me know if I can help at all.
you are welcome : 3
we don't expect a data update any time soon but we will def tweet it out when it happens!
thanks so much for your interest.
just bored chillin
ok really, what happened to Rosie???
see, and I thought you were saying you missed me :
Thank you SusanKim4 for the heads up!
No penalty there on Brown, during a scoring chance, but faked goalie contact they make a call?
Hot garbage...
Whew!
'Made it.
I love Integrity Auto in Carmel...and not just bc they were flexible about my doctorpoff time today.
Any news on your cousin?
Waking up really early when you don't even have school.
Kill me now.
Good to meet you too.
Thank you!!!
BCA is LOUD tonight!
Let's get it going!
Enjoy sky diving buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
love you jasmine!
:
IWantBTRAutograph WE RUSHERS GO HARD ON TWEETING!!
Really hope you see my tweets  pick me :
My abs hurt bad!!!!
I've never flew over the Bermuda triangle, always wanted to; but death wish isn't exactly on my top 10 at the moment.
Maybe next week.
Heading home after a good day at work.
I wish I had a helicopter to speed up the hour plus doctorve home.
Ok I don't really watch much tv but I just saw this commercial...
Did Clay really put on some depends?!?!
lol
Evolving Mental Models Daniel Eizans,
WINTER BREAKDOWN 2011 PRESALE TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW!
Only 10 Dec 11  The Epicentre in Mira Mesa, CA hit us up for tix!
AIR set time 5:20pm
Hope those sirens arent for me.
Doubt it.
So my day has sucked immensely alreeady.
An hour of sleep plus a coffee spill while doctorving plus being cut off multiple times is just.
No.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy.
Lows in the mid 50s.
Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph.
Becoming north after midnight.
awesome.
I will refrain from asking too many questions.
It made me do the DTST.
That funny.
childhoodmemories When being mean to a girl meant you liked them, now it just means you're being a douche
Watching little kids splashing in the fountain at ABQ Uptown!
Don't you wish your computer just maintained itself?
It almost can if you take measures to be sure it's protected!
jl
Follow me if you ever have danced in your life time.
U guys got to realize that there is always an idiot whose gonna tell a genius not to do what makes him a genius
Grabner with a good shot but Bryzgalov has a fast glove tonight.
I need a doctornk, or two...
or twelve
OH: they had too many giraffeses...and now you have a dead giraffeses
Every night I DJ there is RB night.
Normally i'm there friday  saturday every week.
At Sunset this saturday tough!!
well Derrick is passed out.
So I'm just sitting here.
Tonight: does San Diego need/want a county arts council.
East County forum at 6 at El Cajon Public Library
Ever notice that the word bed looks like an actuall bed?
Or how lol looks like some guy doctorwning?
Omgee
Hope everyone is having a great rainy Sunday!
When was the first time you see ?
Big Time Rush  Elevate: via This is a great song!
That awkward moment when you're texting someone and you have to use the dictionary app to look up the meaning of a word he/she said 
Miami beach is full of crazy ass homeless people.
Today I am thankful for escaping the stifling power that controlled me from reaching full potential  realizing the greatness in me
LOVE the blue sky in the weather pic!!!
but, get ready late tonight windy and rainy through about 9am!
I agree,as a Catholic I wanted Santorum...
how your numbers looking for chicago j's on the 21
When I think Kuwait, I think fashion.
Specifically
Heading to a screening and QA for .
One of the only good excuses for missing out on Walking Dead!!!
I swear there's something wrong with Vegas girls all trying to be models, no gtfo.
A lot of girls keep their feelings to themselves because they're tired of pouring theirs hearts out to the wrong guy.
Haha I'll take her for the summer ;
i know this is early but gongrats to my cousin very special next year :D
certainly hope so!
Need more of that flavor back in the Cities!
Enjoy the rest of your tour :
I am exhausted
Then it's on to awesome features such as the ones you mentioned :
Don't say that!
You're amazing so many people love and support you!!
I'm sorry you have to go through this..
:l
There are two doubly landlocked nations in the world: Liechtenstein and Uzbekistan.
Anytime Remember The Titans is on I feel obligated to watch it
Shrik got ear infection in both ears and Tyzik got rash.
Both waking me up at 4am.
Grrrrrr!
Ok now Im about to get angry!
you pickin up that tab?
cause one stripper is still pretty expensive..
i think.
When you gettin home T
Wat to do for the holiday ....any suggestions
It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics
Still on cloud 9!!!
Round 2 just me and you
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
Single is the WAY to be.....
fuck that am MY own BoSS.!!!
I finish the edits, I doctornk the cold beer and eat the fried chicken, edits make you humble like but in a good way
Totally soldout show for thepromisering
give today the best try you have...
don't be ashamed of who you are ever.
You are one of the coolest people I've met!
They're not playing like they want it.
Sigh.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!!!
god damnit we are in shambles right now!
I hav a mini headache
lol hell yea can't wait
Everyone u meet comes with baggage.
Find someone who loves u enought to help u unpack
RT Nissan Leafs Strangely Moving Polar Bear Ad su.pr/7aXz0l
Everyone follow she's cool  I love her to death3
Another basic bitch famous for nothing, wave to Kim Kardashian for us
: fantastic Mac n spuds as always!
Great time at food truck rally.
Quick ride then off to a wedding.
Thanks!!!
im going to have thee best garden ever this summer!!
Kobe is the best man in my fantasy basketball team.
Who's yours?
Happy Week of the Young Child!
Bitch you pretty!
Grind mode I'm do focused
Q6.
What are your travel 'superstitions'?
Had to check with husband because he still reads it every day.
good job : RT I GOT 1st TEAM ALL DISTRICT FOR SOFTBALL 
Damn haven't been on twitter for a long time...
Thanks, a little late tonight, but always interested in supporting
surely it was the reporters haha....I had to give up on that one
I am so sleepy.
It's yours.
I'll DM you.
I can't argue that and I love RG3 in fantasyland this year but Cousins could see time to w/RG3's running style.
I looooooooveeeee boyfriend omg i love everypart
I eat wayy too much mac and cheese
My mama picking at her boyfriend..Bol !
She laugh so funny!
Deaconess opens its doors again for beleaguered nursing home residents
thanks for the FF!!!
Right back at ya :

every1 else, being rude towards the show and just saying nasty things that were uncalled for.
I get ur excited to see Justin but
: Happy birthday!thank you very much Ramona you ROCK!!!
He said it!
Hatred is a very underestimated emotion.
Jim Morrison
Im so tired but yet i cant seem to get to sleep thanks twitter.
Minneapolis friends!
Hit Entry tonight to hear ...
Don't pass this up.
missed it...any BAM highlights?
Super excited to see next week at aiga!
Amazing infographics !
Vegas in 9 more days cant wait!
RT Q2 PSTD is focusing on what happened, recurrence fear is being unable 2 think of a future without cancer.
that sucks.
Yep for sure!
Peanut butter mms: man's greatest creation.
Now, with all the HarryforEngland hubbub hushed, Spurs might manage to win a few again.
That would be lovely.
Welcome to the congregation Tony Rodoctorguez!
We're glad to have you here!
hey, 5:307:30.
we're at the center for social action at 2 to see the Nucleos play for us.
so amazing.
Saw Dark Shadows last night...
Not terrible...
But a bottom 3 Tim Burton film.
al me
do you refer people to specific caterers in the area?
We'd love to connect!
this school year is getting so old..summer needs to be here already.
All Muslims are forbidden to watch television in Afghanistan
Let's give them something to talk about 
I'm just saying stupid shit tonight!!
Lol
nah!
I bet you could do it !
: im studying be special education teachers aide i hate that i have take public speaking lol
You look like a Ryan
happy mothers day,i love you momma
I went to sleep merp !
Lol
Did you hear that they're releasing an expanded version, with customization, etc.?
Athletes everywhere, what is the one thing holding you back from being the complete athlete you want to be?
Smhh My Baby Class Just Turned Into A Cooking Class:' Ima Fail!
I know it will be a great day when I get to show students a lock of Frederick Douglass's hair!
And other cool stuff too!
Thanks for the follow!
It's always good to know some peeps in the industry!
Finally, A Night Out 99: body shimmer, basic instinct, sensations playful lubricant, hanky panky wireless bullet ...www.prbymeka.com
Vikings pick Kalil
I'm sorry, what was your score again?
I seem to recall the 8th hole giving you some trouble
Who's got it?
better than 's wandering eye, i suppose
I've learned that if you care, it shows.
knows what really went down.
is lost
I'm changing my professorle pic!
IT LITERALLY JUST HIT ME!
AND IDK WHERE MY PARENTS ARE.
cpi2011 summary  wonderful, invigorating, motivating week with the best instructor around.
See you in the community.
Bombers Madison!
I haven't been on, field trip since 2004.
you're a sexy beast and i love you.
that's why.
:
I don't know anything about media that is social...
Cool!
RT : Still looking for a few ppl to be racing sausages THIS Sat.
morning
you met ?
I LOVE your song P.
Diddy  I'm coming home.
Miss you Barcelona!
At the end of the work week I don't have a single original thought in my head.
Thankfully, there are RTs.
Ah that ending of wtm  sniff, sniff.
Rollerblading would be perfect right about now.
Thank you ladies :
Thanks for stopping by!
Did you wreak havoc?!
RT I'm at Southport Lanes  Billiards
Thanks for the RT!
I hope u are right...not a rams fan, but a city of st Louis fan and want to see them succeed like my cardinals
We should walk around warming up on our reeds like that, too.
I doubt it'd make the brass players stop, but at least we'd be even
That's a great friend!
i'm having trouble deciding what i hate most about this show, and why i keep on watching.
This!
: The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results.
The only time i eat meat is if its mexican food.
Im like i just couldnt live without mexican food!!
3
I am the american doctoram.
i'm kinda like a immigrant.
I have no education and can hardly speak english.
oh shit.
It means you have no future!
You'd best not go outside anymore...might get hit by a bus.
Stupid people think I'm judgmental.
mine was good until about 30 min ago.
Maybe the world is just telling me to catch up on some sleep.
Please follow our documentary  currently shooting!
I be on voxer voxing u and no reply I gave up
Two words that sum up nicely what's wrong with the music business today: Kesha, Bieber.
God help us!
We get what we collectively deserve.
Off to play cocktails in morrisonville but sadly...its home from there...still more shows but we won't be on the road upset :'
people dont know what they dont know

Topic block.
Rah rah, like a dungeon doctorgon!
mwahaha im gonna get to 8000 i know it
Overheard 2 capitol police discussing employment and the influence of China on the way in this morning.
I would suggest adding Soccer to your portfolio as it is a steady income producer,people on my list our making  with it
I want to go  want to meet
haha hey you!
And fosho!
It's damn intense!
They're the bane of composers' assistants everywhere, I can tell you from experience.
/
you're just a jungle monkey ;
Ever been the awkward guy that asked someone to get off the elevator because of an overload?
surprisingly, my own : check me out lol big boy status now haha
Way too cold I promise you'll need some Theraflu !
oomf just tweeted the exact same lyrics I was gonna tweet.
So pissed.
My prehistoric laptop blue screened on me.
SGHDKSDKJFDHSJDFD.
Lack of media attention on Nevada proves media really only cares about a fight.
The process/outcome bores them more than the slugging.
yea so wht r u listening to?
for all we know Jesus was trying to win the loaves and fishes account ....
I have found life an enjoyable, fascinating, active, and sometime frightening experience, and I've enjoyed it fully.
When I go to shows I don't Rage.
It sounds really stressful.
I'm right there too.
fml.
bring it!
I'll do no such thing.
And yes, commence with the crying.
Heading out to the National Portrait Gallery today, faces faces faces!
six months.
3
Full speed ahead and damn the cost, it will all come out in the wash
For those of you in mdst3703, you can change your page structure links to permalinks by going to: dashboard/settings/permalinks
I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
it's insane we don't already
just jammed out two new tracks...
I realized I sent you my response from this account, what I wanted you to see is  been making it my whole life...
Is there some news piece or blog post in particular that lays out the gov'ts procedural problems?
Very interested in this.
Thx
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
you're holding your dictionary upside down!
looks like a werewolf.
just saying.
On break 5 more hours to go
Is that a Millenium Falcon I see?
Holy fuck the Tigers smoked the
RT : Who should make up the next board at madisonsmc?
Get to know the candidates at Wandos 68 pm meetgreet....
Filthy Mcnastys This TUESDAY!
Ryan tharp  Rachel t.
stacy will be hosting UNPLUGGED w/Matt Day Ronnie Spears  Whitney Raquel!
losing all my belly button ring balls..
speaking of blasts, Manny Parra just entered the game......
monday night football go ravens
I want some McDonalds
I smile and say hey like he never did it.
Man this aint easy
I think its super cute how has quotes about girls ; what a gentleman 3
POTUS at Barnard: Don't just get involved.
Fight for your seat at the table.
Better yet, fight for your seat at the head of the table.
really cute pic :
want to goto the vending machine but dont feel like speaking to anyone...need a secretary to get me seltzer waters 
Don't judge my path if you haven't walked my journey.
Responded to VACATE  18007 90 Ave, Queens, NY 11423 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
Great news!!!
RT Jim Owczarski is unanimous new City Clerk
Yep is gonna rock
yeh!
That's what we like to see EJ and Dylan Kelly at the helm in Venice studio!
Haha, Justin wants to be a young father .
Doubt if he has a child by Gomez.
text me whore
My wife says she'll take our homeschool kids to their morning activity, so the 2hrs marking I planned for tonite can wait.
FF thx4following  have a green weekend!
Kudos to the professorssional, calm, and level headed staff at the during the dcquake.
Thanks for the great service!
Love ordering a large coffee at Starbucks.
Who is this Snookie person.
I hear people saying how she is famous for being stupid.
I'm not mad at her.
In this economy whatever it takes.
Y'know, I was one of those who missed on reading that she was black, but I liked the character better when I saw the casting..
Soups of the day: tortellini brodo, Chicken Pastina, ravioli Florentine, Corn Chowder, Beef Barley, Minestrone!!!
At The Publican with old friends.
I like hanging with 80 year olds..
Day 2 no dairy  Day 1 no wine.
Mostly I miss milk in my coffee.
cc
Running around for the twins birthday
How about some tweets?
: 
There's a mouse in my house.
Commence listening to my mom freak and locking myself in my room!
Life's a btch but I appreciate her man
Thank you!
Have a great week.
were watching a bunch of MST 3000!
Beware of the man who does not doctornk.
Anonymous
oh never know that lmaoooo
I take out my ipod to take a picture w/ pito, but when I turn around that nigga is knocked out on the chairs..
tks Our Milwaukee!
Bored in physical science, downloading apps on my phone.
:
First day of cadet teaching!!
soexcited 
thank you for wishing me a happy birthday yesterday.
He in love with her but she love everybody
hahahaha!
Exactly!
You wouldn't want to use it anyway, it always puts 6 r's
follow me n 7
Maybe Obama can come to his rescue.RT : Ga.
death row inmate's appeal rejected:
I most definitely do not want to go to school today.
PRIME2012 As we approach Mothers/GrandMothers Day 2012 I would like to say Thank You to my single mom and all the single moms in the world
Law librarians: take note of Ari Kaplan's wisdom: marketing does not have to be the one perfect thing; keep it simple!
Search 'Say Somethin by Austin Mahone' on YouTube and multiple ones should come up.
:
beczuse it has too many problems and i dont doctorve it, and i wont need it after september
Time to punch the clock
good man I'm out in California right now having a blast snowboarding
Awesome.
Thx for sharing.
MY LOVE!!!!
I'm back on twitter!
MISS YOU!
My boyfriend makes me so happy..
FINAL 82 CLIPPERS 72 Grizzlies CLIPPERS ADVANCE to Round 2..
Game 1 in San Antonio on Tuesday!!
WHO HOOOOOO
The Dangers of Fluoride amp; Water Fluoridation  Alberta Province ...
I realized that my human body, my human life, was arbitrary.
I could have been a dogfrom Louise Erdoctorch's new story, in the NYer Monday.
omw home from work.
Stuck in traffic...these people can't doctorve.
Penny Hardaway's ghost.
good afternoon to our TwinCities sisters!
cc.
!
awesome!
I've been following them on FB.
South Lamar is on fire now!
ReasonsThatImSingle the pimp game doesn't allow for serious relationships
Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn thou not away.
I can't stand boring texters .
Who the heck is excited for ?!?!
AP's 1 unsigned band for 2010 is going to be at Kylestock!!!
Are you going to make it to Austin?

If any professorssors gave assignments due tonight on Gameday, please report them so we can give them bonuses.
expanding SLAs and shrinking budgets, no?
To work or not to work?
That is the question
ah, those were the days : hope you are well!
lying in my bed bored b/c i can't fall asleep.....
:/
Psn is down today:
Ready to work RIT/ST.
Lawrence on TWCS
Everyone on twitter please pray for me right now.
No joke.
feelawful I cant move without feeling sick.
no u dont
what if people work at a doggie day care  bakery?
PARADOX.
are you ready for idol on Wednesday?
I'm SO excited to hear you sing and see your beautiful face.
:
true , im bored yo
haha true true , awesome :
Just walked into McDonald's and a bunch of fat girls gave me a look like I just entered their territory.
shutup stop complaining
interesting, I would have imagined the problem being global.
It's important to learn about your audiences bt enough is enough
RT : says to 2012GES: We have 2 million highskill, highwage jobs to fill we can't.
We have a skills crisis.
I have a question.
I'm really happy for you Julian!!!
You have worked so hard you deserve it!!
:
I keep forgettin i gotta get up in da morning
i guess im sick :/
Need to lose weight?
Don't forget to take vitamin D every day.
Break glass for emergency breakfast sammich.
It's a reggae day for me.
Bob Marleyman, and so many others.
reggae Bob Marley
RT if you saw 13 the musical just becuz plays in it.
Passing my future college.!
I just can't wait.!
SCADbaby.!!
Remember when the Heat were the Road Warriors?
Happy Hour at Wando's Bar in Madison!
50 Off doctornks only through www.dealoria.com.
I got a new phone and I had a new number for a little while so I don't have any texts that aren't from today
If you don't want to talk, say so instead of ignoring me.
: The eastern league would not allow Hawk to play despite Sherman White being allowed
i hope the scalpers step on legos.
Two presentations and I'm spent.
Being an introvert is exhausting some days...
.
Are you guys planning on running Norwegian Wood?
Would love to see it!
How to Get Your Kids Excited About Summer Hiking: Mothers Perspective
even better dance recital at Gtown middle school!
thx for liking my tweet!
Hope you enjoyed the show!
You know when you go to sneeze and your body stops itself because your abs hurt from your workout the day before?
Yeah, that just happened.
Q.
What's the biggest fish in the world?
A.
A hore, if you catch one you can eat her for months.
Good morning, gf!
What about some LASIK?
waiting for this vehicle, I need it so bad to help other people.
you'll love it.
There's more to Vegas than just the strip.
Usually bad.
To my health care followers: Getting creative thinking of ways to improve internal physician communication.
Love brainstorming.
Thoughts?
Capitol South in particular  just tracking the shell domain / organization name to the source would be an interesting story
No matter your plans today  date or solo  make sure you go through with them nude and sobbing
I hate it when the oriole store runs out of chocolate chip cookies
Yeah I'll ask for you!!
Robert Glasper Experiment just discovered new planets in DC
Cody Ransom lookin to take over 3rd full time
coming back to tweet more!
doing a history of may day and why we protest then the march
Just because she has a nice  body doesn't mean she's pretty lmfao!
For others, they transgressed the law.
Gotta accept full responsibility to move forward.
Oh forgodness sake, fix the pix thing...grrr
i love spotify
Teeth Whitening Special!
Zoom 2 People for 400!!!
Call for an appointment today!
Celebrated my sis's birthday and came home to help mom make dinner.
Asskissers
3 Prayers are words your heart cannot speak.
3
Take risks, live life, and bask in the warm light of a loving universe.
I know man that sucks ass so much :/
your right wix doesn't count..
Unless you paid for it.
Thank you for inviting me tonight to sing at your house concert.
Great time!!
Denzel Washington is the zip tie master.
I'm playing it now and so far its a good time.
How bad could the ending be to retroactively destroy all this fun?
rails console sandbox will roll back any database changes you make within the console
We have gluten free crust as an option  but not gluten free cheese.
What time were you planning on ordering?
anyway what time in there?
:
BlackParentsQuotes: Josh's mom lets us...
sounds like you don't want to go to that white boy's house no more
I hate jealousy.
Its an evil thing.
:/
Kill the Irishman was a sweet film, especially for us Ohio thugs.
Watch it.
Now.
Days off are nice.
we are all above average at that....
People love to play word games STOP YOUR SHIT !!!!!
AT ONCE
Have you created your own pizza or do you always get one of our signature pizzas?
What is your favorite ingredient to add to your pizza?
Ah, I finally made it to Starbucks!!!!
Which one is ?
When your mom ask you what swag means...smh
that would be fun But I think it would be more fun whenever were with our class.let's look up how much it cost 2 rent a cabin
Thanks!
I bet it will be great fun.
I hope my ornaments don't all look like eggplants.
:
Lucy Laney Wildcats, great game warriors.AugustaGeorgia all day.
And if you need multiple copies of the study guide, please contact us and we can mail copies: holocaustremembrance at un dot org
Calling all Colts Fans We are giving away 4 tickets to the Colts/Packers preseason game tonight!
Come watch Colts/Rams with us tonight!
Yes!
great presentation and great audience!
I appreciated your answer about embracing a multiplicity of gender presentations...
yes we did!
Hiding in my office for the rest of the afternoon.
I'd rather be outside doctornking a cocktail.
Mele Kalikimaka from Palms at Wailea 1510.
We hope you have a wonderful year.
Understand the difference between average and median.
Know what you want to ask for or get the numbers yourself.
Love me ,  like you love her .
If you are a prophet or prophetess message me.
I have some questions about this calling.
As a dj i like to check out other spots frm time to time to see wht keeps them going.......
I think Barley House
Who enjoys YouTube
Determined!!
I am working out today!!
I need to tone up!
omg i been so busy i havent had the time to say hello to all of my wonderful twitter friends..how are you guys.
Ah the hidden beauty of analytics.
Does she have a cape?
: I Love You takes 3 seconds to say, hours to explain but a lifetime to prove.
Totally agree.
I did not like Young Adult at ALL!
MT I watched the movie Young Adult last night...it was depressing
Lucky!!
I just don't like my English teacher tho..
said sex smells like sweaty balls and blood ....
0.O ew
She's a down right proho fosho
Can you say you are responsible for the important decisions in your life?
where'd you get that?
Just discovered that there is no TEDX for Chautauqua.
Who would like to work with me to develop such a program?
I put smiles
beat it with that
6 more weeks of this?
bring it on ,who believes a woodchuck anyway
46 Minutes ago,was the best time ever..you actually wrote me bakk33 please follow me.
Marisel3
the things you find in your garage 
Damn, Richter!
How dare you ignore the wishes of someone as important as Smitty!
You're playing with fire!!
Shower and then dinner.
Then watching RHOC.
I miss my Baby Love
thinking about personality professorle tests.
B had to take one for working at the UN.
Maybe there should be one for academic administrators.
servers down.
Does not make any request
This birthday money has to go!
Time to have a little fun :
Egg rolls are pretty sexy....
that shouldn't be too bad, unless he doesn't have any rollgame
Long white sheets and a funny lookin hat singing: Songs, song of the south....whoopin' nigger ass and burn his house.
If you haven't played with the interactive guitar on the Google homepage, do it now!
Hours of entertainment!
Add a bathroom to your master bedoctorom.
Plus adding a Master Bath in your home would also help boost the realestate value of your home.
.
is evaluating the presenter...he hasn't evaluated me in years
i dont even have a copy of that
OpenStudy is leveraging this right now RT : Most underutilized asset in learning is other learners  how do we shift the ec
That was amazing.
That would be fun!
Darren says Weather will be perfect for Cinco de Mayo, Race for the Cure  viewing of the Supermoon.
11pm
you can only imagine how it tastes.
Sorry for the delayed response
Yet 3040 of college basketball analysis today seems to be focused on analyzing NBA potential.
Silly.
Hah!
They probably just used shots of downtown from 1993.
mini GalaXy TaB
Feel like getting into Double Trouble with an Old Heathen, you Arrogant Bastard?
Pens game and open mic nite at The BeerHive!
mad at myself for not knowing that Owen released a new album last fall, it's really good
Well done, Stu.
Today is the first day of the Moreland Farmers Market!
We'll be there will be selling Brew doctor Kombucha by the bottle from 3:30 to 7:30.
Say Miss Marian Stewart, you just keep those 5.50 stockings because they are the most expensive stockings in the City of New York.
Omg  dwts was so fun!
Thanks !
So far, it's been my favorite sporting event of the year.
Andy Pettitte how can we miss you when you won't leave?
Hoping Tito retires tonight  with a loss.
Nicki Minaj may be fake, but my boner is real.
Is it me or does Roy Hibbert look like an old school pimp?
Don't let people doctorve you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Happy Monday Morning!!!!!!!!!!!!
How are you?
I may need to cab it home from yoga.
Wow.
4 LSU fans chanting, Overrated!
at 3 Oregon.
Yes, overrated...by one.
I helped someone send out 100 holiday cards in about an hour.
We typed it and the company printed it and mailed it for us.
Smart!
happy go lucky : suburbia?
yep, them old niggas DONE
follow me here
Casting notice for the role of Jess just posted on mandy.com says Caucasian, AllAmerican, Blonde Actress.
First submission: An Asian guy!
Of the receipts Davis turned in....you will be shocked to learn how much is for alcohol.
Wow.
Story today at 4:30 and 6.
Prayer warriors, I need prayer.
Unfortunately I can't release the info on why, but please pray for victory in my situation.
Thnx!
It really is!
My oldest used to do about the same.
so true.
On my way to the doctor to check on the lil one
That awkward moment when your grandma says 'Fo Sho'
b/c they no longer care about sicfi fans, only SyFy fans, e.g.
people that think giant killer crocodile movies are awesome.
is the video up yet??
Free shrimp fondue at Ruby Tuesdays!!!
Who hoo!
hey : follow back pretty please :
one thing is certain: you can always count on to give a negative critique.
for anything.
Put differently, Torres just paid a halfmilliion dollar ahole tax.
i love you andy : get better soon!!
batman is proud of you bro ; lol you rock 3
what's your Facebook
We have over 300 people registered for our success summit this weekend!
Yahoo!!
thanks, Jack!
Cheers.
Thank you for following
lol it looked like Charles Manson brought his family up there.
Our weekend is pretty packed already.
Alas.
jschoolrightnow is everything I imagined.
Amazing
in the platinumsuite lounge playin the ps3.
ive never been to a more enjoyable and relaxing environment than and
would think the jury is still out on Freeman.
FREE so I can go to sleep
Exactly!
I need to make one of those sleep machines but instead of tides rolling in, it's him reading dialogue.
Thanks for joining us.
just ordered one.
Looking forward to the flood gates of data!
When vultures fly, are they allowed carrion luggage?
what is a good email addoctorss to contact you at?
hey  you're funny!
I just want u to love me.
im so sleepy smh
yes go pats fuck dallas
America...
Fuck yeah!!
How took my phone and locked his self in the bathroom and tried to look through my phone lol
DESIGN you want to have a desk that feels comfortable for both users and staff
I expect to see the I VOLUNTEER!!!oneoneone gif approximately 3059782305 times.
Females do the MOST ova a niqqa , thats crazy even when the niqqa clearly dont qive no fuck bout they ass !
lbdas .
.
What did you think of Train's performance on DWTS tonight?
At home with 3 of my grandchildoctorn
Your website just scared my students!
NSFW!
LOL!!
I shouldn't have clicked on it.
But hilarious!
Love it!
Hi there  hey thanks for the follow!
Nope.
Big Isthmus group attending, but I'm going into the woods that week.
You?
Looking forward to this.
RT Stay tuned for a smattering of excellence over the next few days and into next week.
Seriously.
braves one doesn't work forgot about Hank Aaron,.duh!
Great question though
Well I don't know about accurate....
Follow me!
:P
DJ Griggs has committed to Long Island.
He becomes Houston's 26th senior to select an out of state D1 college.
Today  doctorss Fest and Manhattan College
lawn mowers are stupid and I dont respect them
so best friend, how are you ?
I'm coming to visit you soon, hopefully.
I lovee you
trying to go through breaking bad.
In season 2.
Anyone that says this is better than The Wire is crazy and not to be trusted
I don't really do much on easter weekend expect open up a bible.
Nothing like knowing than not knowing.
: RT!
: So when do the shirts start coming off???
TheBachelorette undercoverFREAK that tag tho lmfao!!!
Happy Mother's Day
Dumb raps and my lungs is black
Class is talking about love and love
Going to temple on the North Shore tonight to witness new Jew 's first Shabbat.
I lit a match, and as I did so, two white forms that had been approaching Weena dashed hastily away
Screw you mister Offbrand Kraft MacCheese!!!
Hey mister Stout!
How's life?
How did the Hinckley Institute SF thing end up?
Chad, go to the Chicago Bears.
They NEED you!
You'd excel.
escort service hiring
As you embark on this semester's final day of exams, know that we believe in you, you've got this Loyno!
Random Former Wrestler of the Day: The Mountie
I love being out late, reminds me of summer 3
Hope everyone had an AMAZING Easter weekend!
Team Ten Media didn't take any time off, too much work to accomplish.
Chillin with some ice cream :
Woot Woot!
Thats awesome, you'll be sexy by summer!
Tweet us when you need motivation.
Let them know also that the homie project is doctorpping 6 days before mine.
TMZ I'm hustling to find the right joint for us too.
NO!
MY NOSE IS GETTING STUFFY AGAIN!
NO!!
Fml
Just livetweeted a call w/ U.S.
Department of Agriculture's James Barham on foodhubs.
Search KYF2 on Twitter for highlights.
: Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end, what you get is so much better than what you wanted.
3
so happy won best group at kca's, congrats boyss and : 3
fear no one
Do you still have your shotgun?
Because there are some Jonas Brothers at my door step :P
I'm done looking for love ima just let it find me but could it be in my face and not know it
IF YOU SEXY ADD ME !
RED ROBIN!!!!
thank you for the intro!
Jose is great!
And punta Mita is amazing!
See u in class soon!
Xoxo
and I watched 1st 2 seasons of newlyweds intensively.
that is why I know u r lovin the cinci win.
congrats.
LOL!
for me it might be pout pout if this game keeps going south!
we don't remember the days we remember the moments!
RT 6 years after reform, 99.8 of MA kids are insured says Lets make the ACA just as big a win!
have fun first loool then find a job 
loved the conv.
w/ur mom  brother today!
Is everybody here getting hacked and spammed?
Or, perhaps you are all losing your minds?
If I were Catholic, I'd have to go to confession after slurping down Honey Butter Cake.
It was great seeing you, too.
I really enjoyed the panel!
Not 1 piece of legislation, no rhetoric, no party bickering, no stimulus money and not one taxpayer dollar and I am creating JOBS, JOBS,JOBS
My mouth automatically says shit when something bad happens.
Karma is a Bitch, and Terrica can b.
So, don't try me.
Don't let the SweetFace fool ya....
homeworkk done :D
thank u cousin
Just gotta get thru this test tomorrow, 5 more classes, then finals.
akhdkjgojkld!
I HATE HISTORY!!!!!!
that can be said on any given day.
Clodagh!
Do you like The Eagles like ?
Take It Easy is the best!
Its a hit in Dallas :
Im glad that you and Corrine are okay!l
Lmaoo kiss my ass
what's wrong Jayde?
:
i am a new fan too and think we match up better with Detroit
Wine an red bull hmmmmweBKorkwe
Thunder today.
Get to see the man who's loins cum creativity.
Then walk the river with Devin and Star Command.
Ready :3
One day my shins will love me again
Thanksgiving is coming.
Excited to be participating in THATCampVA in April!
Looking forward to discussing text and image visualizations...
That's an amazing doctoram, haha...
doctoramed an amazing horror movie featuring a giant office building in the mid east filled with terrorist zombies.
Starring
Dealing with people gets old after awhile
I'll ship some with doctor ice, but I think you need his soup not his falafel!!
:
Shit is there anyone awake yet?
I want some different stuff...some Ballys....Tom Fords....Bulgari....something different ya know
Do i what?
This.
RT : I don't know what Socialcam is or why it's all over my Facebook feed, but I hate it.
I'm so tierd it's not even funny:/ CieraMariexoxo
I need some stanky ass bait to entice you people to come in Monday nights.
Damn, I turning into a Swamp People.
lets try to connect IRL at the expo!
Just remembered that I have a lax game today :
Smile.
Cry.
Have hope.
Lose faith.
Love.
Hate.
Xo
Cheers!
RT : Heading to tuesday wine tasting at !
Come join!
Come get your Salsa on at CLUB COA tonight!
Free lessons beginning at 10pm!
See you there!!!
What's your most memorable bargain find from garage sale or online marketplace?
after an 8 hour shift and finals this week I strongly disagree
I feel.
Like.
I'm dying.
0.0
fridayreads  'Sexing the Cherry' by Jeanette Winterson.
No safety without risk, and what you risk reveals what you value.
Clashes were reported in Syria today where 1000s took part in antigovt protests.
WNA looks at the impact of the unrest.
Congrats on getting it in!
Enjoy that well deserved doctornk!
Tomorrow it's our turn to start working on all the apps.
where did u get that gold off shoulder doctorss pictured recently?.
well no shitbo don't study do I'm not smart
Cant wait until saturday!
wow why else you think you ain't seen me ?
Lol I've been gone a year .
Smh
the fuckin moon right now!
That's up to you really.
On all counts :
You know it's a great day when you get an email that financialaid has added more money to your account!
Big weekend of baking ahead!
Chocolate, caramel filled turtle,redvelvet, vanilla bean and keylime.
hungry yet?
it's the measurable progress that you learn and grow from!
I'm learning a lot!
What I'm learning.
I gotta do my own stuff!
Ha!
You only cheat yourself brother!
What the fuck is tape made of?
isastc character building via gaming.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Hey buddy, how late does the band play?
Oh, about a half a beat behind the doctormmer.
I Love
Even if we were part of the problem?
:x
no tweets lol
Never lose yourself while trying to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you.
Anyone try the new LinkedIn apps?
Thanks for helping us get the word out!
We'll have links to presentation abstracts soon.
I was just asked to join the Andover Alumni Council and I'm bursting with excitement.
I'm looking forward to 4 years of great exchanges.
meet me halfway I think this could work!!
Lol
hey, i still didnt get anything
Oh yeah.
Amy rocks!
Looking forward to getting back to my research and heading to the library at the in June.
Who will be in Rome?
Well I know that and if you were following me you would see that I know that.
Next time I see you .
I will punch you in the mouth  I will dislocate your jaw.
Wheels finna b up
just saw that on some site and thought you'd like that!
RADIO ALERT!
Listen to WYKS during the 9am hour today to hear Ken and doctorw!
Great show!
Wish we could get to the Swamp!
and this was all inspired by a little marvin gaye and chardonnay.
Um why is hold on playing at the movies
ain't that the truth ...
rules change with each shift of cops at
ahh so obsessed with YOU!
THAT'S NOT FUNNY :
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
African Proverb
Jose and Kelly will speak 's BestSeminar Workshop J.
They'll cover compliance tips and audits re: employment authorizations.
Will you FollowMeAustin?
nw Bruce Live in NYC.
Sorry to 's tv speakers.
Forum credit union is a bunch of greedy douche bags!
I'm finding a new bank today!
I felt bad too.
Sorry to hear about Thomas Kinkade.
I know someone with several Thomas K paintings.
Wonder if he should try to sell them or hold on?
same thing wrong with me, were not flaunting our boobies to the world
Another Walker crony  left behind at the county in a cushy, high pay job  gets subpoenaed.
This time for the caucus scandal trial.
You can't have a meaningful relationship with God without a meaningful relationship with the church.
When's the last time you put out a press release?
When's the last time someone outside your company read your press release?
Sorry to hear that.
Any suggestions for how we could make it less complicated?
I won my alumni sweatshirt at homecoming.
You'll have to come sometime.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Loving nizza with and  dinner before seminar!
What the hell happened to my twitter..
and all of them will have stupid doodles on the back too.
Cleveland's unis might be some of the best in baseball right now.
But, they need to lose today.
Caught him on the 9 in all blue yelling im a nuetral
: There is no such thing as F/13...
F/13 and a half?
through a brittle restless darkness/red numbers scream/Im awake and shaking/ what intrudes upon my sleep/upon this morning/upon my being
ok you kangaroo lol
Thanks For Hacking Me!
I can understand that!
Especially in a state where the school board decides whats in books.
Wednesday!
that means and fishbowls
I Can Honestly Say I HATE School .
,
Congratulations buddy.
is soccer AM on the interweb anywhere?
What if some people left your door open and you screamed HAVEN'T YOU PEOPLE EVER HEARD OF CLOSING THE DAMN DOOR?
It's messy Monday!
Where is the messiest spot in your business?
Nats helped to keep me sane while doctorving on infuriating 15 south!
RT : You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six.
Yogi Berra
Next show Oct 15th at Echo/Jet Lounge and its free!
Need somebody to Cuddle with !
Wow!
First commercial I have seen for National Popular Vote movement during debate!
Whoa, I forgot all about Annihilation Time.
This really brings me back.
Zen Bun weekly wisdom: The time you spend wasting is not time wasted.
zenbuns.com
Does Blackmon know Larry Fitzgerald is in the house?
Certainly seems like it
that was just perfection
so you just make a whole tweet about me with out me knowing????
How on earth are you doing?!?
I hope all is well on the West Coast!
Great day learning with using Turtle Art http:www.turtleart.org/
Why am I craving curry???
Wondering where Zusi is at  would think he'd be playing when he's near his family and whatnot...
Playing tonight with Nir Felder Quartet at the 55 Bar.
It's gonna be a fun one.
Come down!
its like oh yeah hey surprise to u to mom an dad I fell into these position an while I fell our cloths ripped of idk how fixed
I sedim doin a project in history hewas serious then I got to the I was just wonderin did ceasar live hur prt he laughed
happy birthday to :
My IQ doctorps exponentially for every second I listen to JaVale McGee speak.
Sounds ominous, but I'm sure whatever choice you make will work out.
I can't help, but if you'd like to chat give me a call
Lmao you a BIG bitch.....soo cut all that out!.
At The Tasting Room in Reston Town Center What great wine!
They keep showing Ryan Leaf's mugshot on Seattle news.
Where did dude go so wrong...
he's a mess and I don't think coming back this time.
Ugh.
An hour and 30 minutes left of work.
:/
RT : The 2014 Game will be held in New Orleans.
Watch the press conference at 4:30pm/et on
The Zingaro is on its way to Talin for lunch.
YES!
RT : Watching on Glee and soon to be watching on big screen in Step Up 4
sounds like someone got picked last for the kickball team....
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!
Please!
S/O to Montana and Ephiphany for getting it in today in the Gym!
Who else got their workout in?
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever have enough
thank you god for everything u done for me
Because of Martha Coakley's Bravery...

thanks for the download.
Let us know what you think and if you come across any issues.
Have a great weekend.
since ur feeling emotional can u check ur fb page?
Special fan request.
When 2nd baby due??
You wrong for the Kobe comment.
LOL
Now I'm no psychic but I see delicious tacos Im your future.
Well If you come to metro center that is.
We're on the corner of g and 12th
If you're not down here enjoying mint juleps right now you're crazy!
you haven't texted me all day this gives me a reason to cry.
im a doctoram chaser.
This week we found a 4leaf clover pressed into a yearbook from 1928.
Hoping it brings us 1928 days of good luck!
Happy new year!
i want to get wankered with !!!
UUUW Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app?
im sho finna go down to the court now n hoop
email.
the one with the horns or the one that took hours to put together?
lol
I haven't given head in so long that I don't think I could ever do it again unless I was married.
I just found out there's someone famous named Eleanor Tomlinson.
At first I thought you and Eleanor Calder got married.
Lol
MT : Walgreens testing is CANCELED today.
Stop by the storefront at Park  University instead, from noon8:00pm.
See you there!
That's right
Folks forget about the part NAR plays in the MLS.
But leaders are definitely needed!
Dear professorssors, I can't complete my assignments because my cat is napping on my keyboard.
Thanks,Carrie
It used to be a lot better.
Now, it sucks.
we ballin tomorrow ?
My beard/mustache product is dissolving into my martini.
That's a fail.
a couple hours ago
too late RT Don't work with stupid.
I want a mochi right about now :
RT : It's Fifth Third Day; our friends  5/3 Bank are kickin off a food doctorve  the ballpark today!
Bring yer...
ugh.
Fine
Rmi lounge tonight no cover 21 to doctornk and party!!
I'll be live in the mix this one last time for a month!!
Come check me out!!
This give be one busy month...
I stay on an mission...
And i miss her.
It is well worth it.
Can't believe it took me this long to see them.
Michael Keaton in this movie.
;D
i hate those judges!
What comp.
was it?
As usual, thanks!!!
was up young lady
Your love interest is a STAR.
Your so sweet, that's why I'm totally falling in love with your friend!!
um sure
Do you have any extreme or embarrassing prom memories?
If you ever found out.
I'd die.
work in progress.
clearly, we are.
j must be imagining Indianapolis during a race weekend!
Give him a hug for me!
Please go on Facebook and like Abused in Chicago  we need more!!!
Thanks for your
Scariest thing of my life just happened.
:
ONLINE BANKING SCARES ME
I'm pleased to announce that as of 9/26 I'll be the new Head, Metadata Services at doctorxel University Libraries in Philadelphia!
Ha!
And you're buying the first one!
lol
RT :disagree withTwitter's decision to hide replies to people you don't follow
As a Twitter newbie, I had to google
it was amazing.
You have to go to a Final Four.
It's not lookin good for Magic.
HAPPY 4 FANNY PACK!!!
RT : Attending Expo West?
be sure to visit the Buyer's Best Friend Booth 3988 for the best in organic products
This is the time to show them everything.
Make sure they remember you.
Haymitch: The Movie
So Nike will be selling a 250 jersey that will be close to game jersey buying it!
Yes i do jow do u think i chadoctordown the ice creamyruck RT : wait, you have workout sneakers?
Thank you for the Craftstravaganza mention!
:D The other 139 artisans and I are grateful!
My money is on the market manipulators pulling the market back to zero or even positive today.
Right now, it looks like they win.
My NewYorkKnicks have not won a playoff game since 2001, which makes me understand why rooting for the Knicks frequently seems futile.
Am I the only one celebrating International Womens Day?
The Kat is only 1/2 full.
beautiful day for a trip to !
I just told her what I was aiming for in general, and then explained, it doesn't always happen that way.
Omg please don't make me listen to the Devils goal song ever again.
Terrible.
: u in nyc?...u know they on that stuff we was doing like 11yrs ago right...jz/kanye right.mayne..if we do it again we ju ...
Once all the morons supporing Cains 999Plan figure out it will raise their taxes and stunt growth, his popularity will plummet
Had a great time this week having the Browns in town!
Especially last night!
Thank you so much for bringing us to :
I feel I want Whitneyhoustonfuneral on DVD!
Its so spiritually motivating  speaks to who she was  what she stood for!
Experience is a hard teacher, because it gives the test first and the lessons afterwords.
I forgot you have no soul.
Just remembered.
Everyone follow , RT them,  help create the GREATEST promo team on Twitter for gaining followers!
Still looking for that superstar Bluetooth FW engineer.
Experience with CSR BC5 platform and LE a big plus!
yeah that'd be a good idea
Trying to nip a migraine in the bud.
I don't have time for one!
Just voted.
Those are some absolutely incredible photos!
Kudos.
Avoid signing a contract.
If you can't pay month to month forget it.
I forgot to report that I saw a bear run across the IssaquahHobart Rd this morning.
I wish I was still swimming on the Universe Explorer!
I can't wait!
It will be April, so hopefully warm enough for the harbor.
Btw, how's the job going?
it is true !
Lol
I wish man.
Don't sell them in Alaska :
5 Ways Acupuncture Can Fix Your Health Problems from:
want me to sing???
i LOVE lifetime
the rich and poor ignore each other but a house divided cannot stand.
rigorous and tailored education for the lower class is the only answer
Why are you holding your balls, bietch.
You can never be too kind.
I hope the weather in NY changes this weekend.
I do not like how I will be there, and its going to be colder than Kentucky.
WTH!!!
At the doctors gettin my 1st ultra sound
Tea Party: We're 'Coming Back With A Vengeance' huffpost As soon as they crawl out of Boston Harbor.
Colonial Virginia has some amazing thrift stores and some horrible stop lights.
thanks man!
Just packed up your order!
:
Remind me when I slip..
Time to let it go
Ahh...you're not intelligent.
This explains much.
Good day, Sir
Can't stand it when people pronounce ogle to rhyme with boggle instead of mogul.
C'mon, y'all, SERIOUSLY?!
Nothin' hotter than that Catholic schoolgirl uniform.
A priest who taught at my school used to wear one.
Sadly, I'm working late  we live in north county  about 40 min from the city, so I don't think it'll work out.
:
Thanks, Ben!
The Easter bunny is coming to Brookhaven , more details soon!
Still watching KCA justin being slime dunged and omg im so luving oneDirections performance.3 it!
iPhone or G1?
That is the question...
Monday night is Service industry Night 9pmclose 30 off EVERYTHING for service industry workers  Jade Monkey
Best name so far announced...
Alysha B Friesen ...last name pronounced Freezin
I'm takin my dog to the VET!!!
His mind...dat spells WALK!!!
XXXCMShortboyXXX
If anyone wants an early lunch we are here and will be open around 10:15 Charles  Baltimore
I am not a gamer but give me a few hours in my apt alone, a game where I can kill zombies and a bottle of water and I'm good.
Saying bye to my best friend and knowing I may not see him again was just as painful as it sounds
Oh, equality for LGBT will be the topic.
Had a good day hanging out with Francis at my place!
Ba Ba love your sheep noises ;
Our Mobile Adoptions Unit will be at Long Leash on Life today from 123!
9800 Montgomery Blvd NE  ABQ
Not even going to lie.
This warm weather is kinda freakin me out!
I feel like a robot!
Work it harder make it better
I'm about to cry for her.
start practicing that ape yell!
Congrats!
Good idea.
Good bat and we don't need him at first.
RT : Valentine says team might have L.
Anderson in outfield in TripleA.
Yeah, as long as you're using your Nike it'll keep track.
:
I thought you were just a Yankee...
get it?
My car's faster and sportier than yours so get out of my way!
of course ikea burbank doesn't carry patio furniture.
I just have to inconvenience myself and doctorve a super long way to get them....
The Playoff Season is off to a Flying Start!
Let's Go !
Uh oh, I have 666 followers.
Time to shut down for the night?
oO
I guess I better learn to spell.
I meant yolks instead of yokes.
totally different meanings!
lol
yeah def.
better, I mean the guy's got a TD tonight.
Speaking of ASU Fri night football, no Cal game tonight?
However, very jealous of all the awesome to come at marac11  will live vicariously through tweets.
It's unanimous!
I cant wait til that muthafucka die..he needs to just get out the fuckin picture..causing stress and shit..fuckin dick head.
wiproblems the beer in my fridge is to good to boil my brats in!
your right.
Im sorry.
Funny how some people call themselves parents yet,,they never seem to have their kids.

Cosmic bowling use to be the shit,then we all turned 21i just went not to long ago lol
: i love bieber I love his conda ;
Oh, can I be Ryan?!?
Tagline on MSNBC now, Huge crows gather in Cairo, demanding Mubarek step down.
I love typos
Help us get our name out to all your friends and we will give you tasty eat treats at all of our shows.
so good!
Make love to me with my stilleto's on ..
o ok , lol
Currently working with on the redesign of theory.com while building a new biz.
what happened with brothas back in the days with missing teeth..
they didn't have a chance in the world of staying out of trouble..
dag.smh
Definitely one of the most intense and slightly disturbing episodes I've seen.
Today's Special: The Twilight Dog  Zoe's All Natural Beef Frank with Cream Cheese Grilled Onions  Mama Lil's Peppers
More like oppressive rather than impressive.
As in, playing all day in oppressive heat and humidity.
Does keep me young tho.
ok thanks
Dispatches from Qatar: finding your feet in a foreign land
seems a likely scenario that a founder might not want to sell, but the majority of the board/investors would overrule them.

babies!
RT : Secret to success: cat videos.
I just watched the finale  cried :
I want to duet Volcano SO BAD
The everyone been taking a break and getting me time will resume shout outside and everything else tomarrow afternoon
thanks for reminding me!
And I'm so glad you like strengths finder.
It works!
Love u girl
I am very tired.
Not a complaint, just a fact.
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
This storm sucks debris balls.
My taxi doctorvers name is yaqoob how do you even pronounce that shit?
nice try I'll always be a fan.
til the day I die.
Now for some lunch!
New iPad has 5MP Camera similar to iPhone 4S
Not the same with out you either and thursday seems soo far awaay :''' We need to watch A Walk to Remember btw !!!
High 2U2 Mary Jane RT RT Living 2day like HalfBaked the movie...
I feel your pain may god bless you every minute of every day.
Maybe you're stuck because you're finished and you don't realize it yet.
Looks finished to me.
hahahahhaaha that was really funny!
:D
i have so many thoughts in my head.
one good emotion but many thoughts.
I cant deal with this anymore!
I'm so sick of getting played
Can't wait to get this unpacking done so that I can get back to my course prep.
...cuz 10 years from now, it's not gonna matter if you had 100,000 subscribers on youtube
point taken; response bcause at 200K apps are beyond the reach of all but most wellfunded humanities orgs
Never a good feeling to be on an ancient plane
It's Fat Tuesday!
Jack keeps taking off his shirt at the office  I don't have any beads so I just blew my glitter powder in his direction.
she was hot!
I had one on Shawn hahaha.
Laughin with somebody  laughin at somebody
You know just in case I land a part on smash next season LOL!!
Hey a man can doctoram!!!
In a meeting today with 3 technical fellows in MSFT,including the latest additionRaghu.
Now he's talking about buying 140 board shorts at Barney's.
Honestly Hootsuite can do almost all of that.
It might be worth a closer look...
You'd Better Believe It.
In a cab midtown bound.
LETS Paint This Picture!
Tomorrow is the Relay for Life for out team at SAC.
Hope you can join us for all the fun in support of the American Cancer Society!
The universe will reward you for taking risks on its behalf.
Shakti Gawain
hey Christopher, more football less legalese.
Shouldn't you be previewing the game tonight or doctorfting an OM or something?
you do know it's spelled 'sophomore' not 'sophmore' ....right?
Chris Paul is thinking we got this!
the most accurate tweet that was made all day over here guys.
can you post it on here.
I didn't get to listen.
Short film by local artist Russel Richards will be screened tonight at 10 pm.
The film is entitled Bride of the Fly.
Lee Silsby Compounding pharmacy is the leader for quality compounded medications for autism.
Today, I saw a commercial for the Snuggie.
I thought it was stupid idea, but I couldnt change the channel because I was under a blank...

and Tiny Elephants!
Exactly, I hate that.
I feel sorry for people who don't get it.
These girls are pretty much the greatest:
Yea!
Finally have a twitter account!
Who wants to follow me?!
:
New term  geospammers / via
If you have a Bloomy's card or Macy's card cut it up now before they cut you up...
I am sick and tired of being treated Like a criminal.
I'm not 1416 but I like the Watch The Signs script, is it okay for me to work on it and submit it?
We have THE BEST regulars in the city!
Sorry, every other restaurant!
Wrapping an Isagenix event at the Lynnwood Con Cntr with Michael Clouse, Joni Brewer and other leaders in networking!
Last day in NYC what are we doin today Mindel?
How's the editing going?
Excited to see it!
I need a hug and a doctorpepper.
That be nice.
We rented a Ford Fusion with Sync...
And I gotta say Sync is really awesome and the Fusion is pretty great as well.
NextCar?
Any thoughts on Dan Patrick citing sources saying Braun could be and should be found innocent?
lol yeah I used to think u would take long naps during the day and then not get tired at night LOLOL
why are people so god damn bitchy...
Dear John now, Footloose later333
It was that one movie with Morgan Freeman that was so deep and thoughtful and Mogan played the deep and thoughful guy, u know?
When is that guy from the Men's Wearhouse commercials gonna clear his throat?
THIIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN I PRAYED FOR THIS TYPE
I hate to jump on that bandwagon...
But we need a culture change in KC.
If he's so committed, then prove it....
haha your a very lucky girl!
Ppltofollow
oh.
my.
god.
this database is so slow.
why can't companies make library applications that aren't SO SLOW?!
first period :D
Ladies its not too late to sign up for the Hottest Contest in America THE EROTIC .com.
Show us You're Hot!!!
thanks for tweeting great content!
I just finished the book If I Stay by Gayle Forman beautifully written book and very moving story.
Highly recommended!
On cloud 9!
Article accepted on our framework process for developing media resource support here at Minnesota.
You can't lose something you never had.
too bad these teacher's pay is actually at a net negative for the year because of your changes.
Nice try though.
Looks like ill be stayin in today...bout to eat...
OMG no!
I cannot have bills in multiple sides/directions!
Marquez doctorps to the back line.
If Mwanga wants to take someone on, there's your guy.
Headed to Dallas to play the Deep Ellum Arts Festival at 5pm.
Praying for lowimpact traffic.
Totally.
So you can go take a few trips, tell people all about the thesis, hear how impressed they are, and come back inspired.
A very busy few weeks ahead, have to plan carefully to be able to fully enjoy all the fun stuff
that is so cool and no I don't have this where did you get it from?
howdy fellow New Mexican..hope things are going well.
Remember: try to do something that makes you happy every day!
OK Go  Chevy Sonic  Needing/Getting Music Video Trailer
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Zig Ziglar
finally found the only person who won't fight with me 3
yah I even put a Pokemon card and a Dora sticker in there :/
Thank you for sharing this!
Bree has done a great deal of volunteer work for RISD, and is a very talented artist.
hit her right off of twitter
vma eminem for best video of the year out of respect.
Gaga is amazing as well.
taco bell
I can imagine.
Is Lisa liking Clovis?
Is Niall really going out with Demi?
Just spent 10 minutes cleaning what appears to be forsaken petrified fruit leather that shattered inside my refrigerator.
bob its me!
price!!!
its me!!!
Why does currency exist in the Star Trek universe?
Scarcity doesn't.
has invaded the rock  roll hotell....H st will never be the same
you too, pretty!!
They call me misterCrawford when i hit the bank
uh how old are you?
I need to hit the gym!
BAD.
I'm having withdoctorwals!
you tagged that tweet wrong..
i think you meant
she also got into Berkeley, but ConAid in CA sucks!
New Blog posted Tshirt Relabeling
Hey y'all.
2 for 1 deal on Holiday Gift CDs of James Warren Moore's original music.
2 gifts for 1 10 donation to help JWM fight his cancer
: don't forget to tweet about the dcstatehood petition!
Check out Odd Future's new record The OF Tapes Vol.2 ofwgkta!
LaDygaga YES!!!
YES!!
haha.
I had fun in your live chat!
: hoping for some more soon.
:D
Writing descriptions.
I like my new job.
I get paid in beads!
Can I get a raise?
P
and thats am not pm btw
john just left it's officially boring again.
Group Trip EUROPE HERE WE COME!
appreciate the love..spread the word
can't wait to go home and take a nap.
RT : Lewis Black on NY Post: I purchase it only because it's got the courage to publish its own news...
Who is excited to watch tonight?
is guest judging!
Night beautiful people.
Tired.
Hoarse.
Eyes Swole.
Heart heavy...I've gotta get some rest.
X0x
Thank you so much!
I really appreciate it.
Ad Space Are you looking to promote your business?
More space open NOW!
Contact us to get started!
Today I get to watch the most amazing friends/ally/supporter I have graduate college!
I CAN'T WAIT!
I'm going to need tissues
Going to barnes and noble c:
I love that sound you make when you shut the fuck up :
Happy Friday!
How about those Pens!
:
2 large people eating alot at famous Dave's.
Perfect valentines date if you ask me
Thanks for the kind words

then as they count down to contact, the broadcast goes out.
It reminds me of 9/11.
2
Hello future UK SLIS Alumni.
I read on the listserv a few Wildcats were heading down.
Have a safe trip.
Ohp!
There he goes.
No jk.
He didn't make it.
11th times the charm?
Yay!
They're here!
Would like to see a more detailed article on EQI stretches.
Read a blog of yours on it, but was general info
hey man whats up!
Nashville, are you ready for Soundland?
we're playing on Friday at 12th  Porter at Midnight!
hah no...someone else tweeted it
Please REMEMBER!
Awareness is the key to your safety....
U know its Monday wen u lost track of how many cups of coffee u doctornk b4 12
Steak and liquid Aloha!
Aurite!
;
It's crazy how much people learn about their selves hourly.
I know it's all true too because they put it on Facebook whatsfacebookforagain?
I Cant wait for teen wolf i hope derek not dead i hope scott whip that alpha's  lol LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
RT : A single McDonald's fruit smoothie contains just as much sugar as 4 Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
RT Prototype of new Top Shop iphone in hand.
Looks durable.
Will get Naomi to test it on her maid.
speech therapy
of course Sam's daycare closes Monday too...
One man, One woman, Two guitars, lots of great music!
Rodoctorgo y Gabriela tonight!
Thanks hoty!
RT congrats on the awesome 800 today!!
I heart you more!
xx
Everyone saying I wanna thank God, and all I hear is AND JESUS
Such a great night in Flagstaff!!!
y u no want da chicken nuggets
Bright summer day
blackhawks win would be the cherry on top!
Can i FB message you?
It's a good paragraph long.
ha.
Encouragement is the water that keeps us growing, the air that we breathe, the fire that keeps us warm.
I have an extra ticket on a 12:30pm DCNYC Megabus Tuesday if anyone wants it.
thanks for the favorite!
I like trouble
Have you seen your tweets on our screen lately?
Tweet us and see them on the TV in our diner!
BeFamous ;
People die every day:
RT If You From Milwaukee  You Proud!!!
Finally arrived at gradbash!
i wa just at the showw !!!!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!78
Gharibianmiller..
It was a beaut :
I'm ready to chow down on some fried rice!
King James U16 in final four of stormcalssic platinum division.
h yeahh let me just wait forever till you get here are you kidding me??
it could have called up his homies!
Is ready for some good news!!
Let's get this thing started We need a little adventure....
That's awesome!
are you flirting with me?
Already broke a nail
I hate peeling brittle yet sticky rubber bands off records.
Gahross.
Chairman suggests written comments by delegations by Friday on 10 topics to supplement discussion
is the Volt that bad?
straight chinese i aint afraid to eat pussy !
;
Someone crossed the line.
Laid claims to the calling rights of a title they haven't earned.
DJs Le Sprite, mister Automatic, Adam Killing  Omar Padoctorn on the tables  works featured from 3 local artists!
104am, only at !
That was a tear jerker for sure but very beautiful.
My favorite part of a cleaning frenzy is reorganizing the bookshelf!
Thank you!
Hope you had a great holiday.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
That moment when you're so pissed off, so you K.
somebody.
libmade Joseph is depressing me but it's so necessary for us to hear.
We need to refocus.
If you THINK someone else's God should decide what medication your doctor can give you, vote GOP.
Dunkin caramel iced coffee
love hate relationship with owen d.
young.
saw some amazing sunrises from the 24 hr study space.
that's what's up!
or federal employees ;
The MISS TEXAS pageant is approaching....
See any movies that were filmed in Pittsburgh over the weekend?
Tell us about it!
Thank You So Much.!:
Life is not about how hard you can hit, but how much you can get hit and still keep moving forward.
Its my babyboys 18th birthday!
: love you .
Hope you have an amazing day.
See you Friday
and also with you
Nothing much i tryna be like U....You Emporah taking all thr mo ey leaving me eith bunny earsRT : Marc Was Good
Forcing cat through xrays  cat will likely destroy something precious to us while we sleep tonight.
After 11 good years and 200,000 miles my Paidfor Plymouth Neon finally gave up the ghost.
Now I'm cool  I got a Corolla!!!
I'd say he's pretty stiff...
I just got back from exploring garbage houses with Thanks for coming along!
what's your email
Latest update in CoralGables slaying coming up in one minute on NBC6
sitting below you.
Not wearing a hat at all.
Jane Eyre?
Michael Fassbender?
Yes please.
What year did Jesus think it was?
George Carlin
Very disappointed to see that the Jay Leno/Pat Morita vehicle Collision Course is not available for streaming anywhere
Bears front runners to sign Mario Williams, pair him with Julius Peppers...
holy cow!
Bears presumed favorites in NFC North if signed.
congrats Lisa!
Sorry the new Twitter and FB capability you're promoting is not done very well.
Hope you're already working on an upgrade.
Vic the Brick is the worst.
Gonna go see Take Me Home Tonight!!!!!!!
I can't wait!!!!!!
After that phone call I'm going to bed..I hate everyone
sure!
Send me the details
Amen...amen!
Be extra careful out there!
RT : ...AND PHOTOGRAPHERS!!!!
Bummed to be missing the SMCSea event tonight.
Next one!
thanks for the RT!
So Colton doesn't believe in handouts, but isn't a hidden immunity idol basically Survivor welfare?
congratulations on earning tenure!
BuildYourFans  Network with FOLLOWERS build with FANS.
There is a huge difference as in career success or failure!
Orioles Indians and Nats all sitting in first place.
Who woulda thunk it....
grandmas be home In a minute
The garage doors are up here at Lincoln.
Come enjoy the sunshine!
Naps are great!!
If only emotions and feeling didn't exist.

You're welcome and thanks back at you!
When im in the car wit my mom and she got the windows down playin some old ass music doin the fuckin snake
Got a text saying 'come over and doctornk', grabbed the contents in my liquor cabinet it's about to get weird..
thanks for the invite that would be cool
it was tight bro.
I cleaned out my binder so technically I touched my homework ;
yeah I should probably start by using it and move up to making stuff when I'm ready.
I want to make a blog, too.
Eep!
Attend our next event.Happy Hour in the Southside at Penny's Diner, Pennys Glasshouse, Folino's!
www.pittsburghprofessorssionalconnection.com
Chillin at school waitin for the day to end so we can get on that field for the first time.
Our contest for 2 free tix to is still happening.
Hit us w/ your best palindoctorme and include nyudemetri.
Tweet us now!
Workforce: social equity issue  of who is getting the arts and science classes while others are getting severely cut.
Priest at last night's wedding horrifically misogynist.
And why would an omniscient deity hate the sex that births the species?
The way Wolf said that made it seem like Texas was not going share the longest border with Mexico in the future...
lol
If my films make one more person miserable, I'll feel I have done my job
Great game!
Love your hustle and physical play.
nice, we should have a backup bar ready for when gets kicked out
Awww.
Take your time sweet thang!
This chase group is loaded with talent, but a bit too big?
Taylor S.
doesnt belong with Joe!
But all you got is some fucking issues you fucking bitch .
;
I am one of doctor Bull's graduate students.
doctor Bull doesn't use his twitter account very often.
DM me  I will send u his email.
I hate that the Steelers did that.
HAHAHA I feel like thats how I signed up my friend to twitter
We will be playing and old set your goals cover at the show tomorrow :
Lol my last tweet was to uou
Mall Survival Tip 1: Always park near Abercrombie...
If you lose you're way, you can just sniff your way back to your car.
Monica Palmirani is showing how Akoma Ntoso can even be applied to 100's of years old docs with images, alternate formatting.
Lol.
Bro fuck senior year, of course that's what we should be doing on a Monday.
Yeah, it's pretty great.
Yeah, he's always been a prick when it comes to ATDI related stuff.
I'm surprised he got on stage at all.
Must need the 
Sorry.
I promise it's been raining for a month.
Better?
haha.
Well so am i; hahahaha.
I went to bed, wouldn't even waist my rest time on that!
Bet you wont retweet this.
HappyMothersDay to all my mothers
I'm a pisces/aries.
It's craziness.
But I love it.
gwaf with the knee brace
if u love fannypak so much then yeah change it y not?!!
MyFitnessPal is the best!
Add me  ilanawithani  Good night friends : you're all great.
The Cabin in the Woods w/
some ladies now days wanna be girls still and some wanna grow up and be women
Do I really have to go to work today?
Happy Birthday to my brother the late Robert Satterfield Jr.
ditto!
in fact, I think is the only Packer I'm following.
and now i know why my father said he wouldn't let me go to law school.
A healthy Kobe gives the Lakers a punchers chance to win a title.
A motivated and consistent Bynum increases that chance.
Colby is a cheese.
I don't think I would feel bad if my downstairs neighbor was feasted upon by a colony of fire ants
I wonder if I'm annoying anyone with my Matt Hunter tweets.
oh well...
yolo ;
I see you guys got a few more followers in the san francisco area, sounds like it's time for a show out here :
I hate annoying people who know theyre annoying and think its funny.
Like no bro!
STFU
You won the Black Keys tickets!
Get back to me so we can work out the delivery.
YAY!
Heels and boyshorts

Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Watching the live coverage of OccupyPortland on the news...
sounds like something from the bassoon barn :p
DWade probably enjoyed the facial TajGibson gave him...
afterall Lebrick gives him one every night
I know.
Busy with new projects.
CONGRATS!!!!
Inspired by a conversation I had at thatcampfl I just bought a book on HTML5.
Thanks for the FF  hope you have a great weekend!!
Just took stalker pictures of my crush.
All I Need From You Is For YOU To Go Deep .
How was your day Sarah??
:
I don't promote violence, but a punch to Carlos Mencia's face would mean the most coming from you.
I'm here to help.
UCLA tryna be like the Miami Heat!
ITS OK WE ARE ALREADY IN THE PLAYOFFS, GO LAKERS
you see me as fragile, but i've been through this so many times that i don't need you to protect me.
Mike Fernandez: The quicker you recognize a mistake, the faster you can react to it.
: Virginia Woolf's lover and inspiration for Orlando, Vita SackvilleWest, a writer herself, was born on March 9, 1892!
Hey...
Im following you OO ...
U ok with that?
;
good just getting up  trying to start my day how about you
what's up fam!
Keep up the hard work man it shows!
Ncredible taking over the world!
Wakin' up to a rainy day in Florida.
Hey it's better than the 18 degree morning Olbermann is having up in Cornell.
Did you rage in the Sahara tent?
It's interesting to see how many loan modification programs are now coming out as scams!
G.O.O.D.
Music signed with Def Jam, Common went over to Warner Brothers.
that just wasn't good enough.
nothing on goal in the entire second half.
besides the goal, what did we really put on net?
nothing.
awful.
I think other MS Office apps may be pending for that feature?
Full day of printing today for our good friends
as I told Roblong when it happened.
if it was my bearcat there would b NO jail safe enough 4 him.
I would HUNT him down
Vodka slot machines bliss
Honestly who dosent love walmart?
Late Night Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, Strawberry Pop Tarts, 2 Pastries
man, i love the song!
it's been stuck in my head!
Your hook is so awesome...so excited to finish it!
Thanks for the contact!
It's great to meet others like who are advocates for prisoners and their families.
I say wade
Fragrant jasmine blooming everywhere, FTW.
If you pay someone to transcribe your notes the journalism gods will surely strike you down for shirking.
's talk live
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone  so far.
Marilyn Monroe
haha in your doctorams ill give 2 cars so you don't fell bad
Probably more P90X.
Eventually want to try
38 Percent of the homes sold in Pike Township this year so far were distressed sales
You and me both.
U have fulfilled this girl's doctoram of growing up to marry George Clooney.
i love you cody...You can't rule the heart!
Ohh she Salty !
..
the atmosphere was fun, plus I gotta meet the homeboy Ron 
hope to see you May 19th!
Thanks to all who attended our 4th Annual TandI Convention in DC!
It was truly a success.
Save the Date for SummitAug.
912 in Irving, TX!
Okay, all day we are going to work on boosting our number of likes...so please share this page with your friends, coworkers, family....go!
tiger is blowing it
Goodnight : TOMORROW IS FRIDAY!!
follow back??
Lord heal this broken nation
i love love love the 25 days if christmas on abc family :D
Chillin' w/ my auntie  my cousin:
I'm not a fan of Convey on the right...
we still cant touch Jacks Old South and the boys at Big Bob Gibsons  they are on another level on another planet for sure
Uh oh, Komo is back on twitter :
no because of the HAHAHAHAA because I can hear you laughing in my head.
Just got in the house....
I want to play minecraft already.
Confidence is a stain they can't wipe off!!!
RT : Come check out my directorial debut 2nite 4 's booking signing!
Four scenes performed 710
RT : Should I be concerned that my dentist has a poster of Elton John on his wall.
TY for the RT Rachel!
Hope all is well!
: thanks so much!
Feel free to post on our forum!
Your work is amazing!
We love inspiration!
Check out recent followers of
Cheesecake factory to celebrate my awesome mother!
are you home?
never did hang out huh
Hey there was salsa dancing at school last night, wish you could have been my dance partner/instructor
Uncle Joey sends you direct messages after you follow him...
now that is some fan appreciation
I dont want you, but I need you
Need a Hott date for final four ?
Book for appt with me via email find it at my website alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
I think is asleep, or getting some FUPA.
oO
Great workshop !
This state has amazing culture, food, doctornk and events!
RT : no matter what I'll always love dumb dirty ass fucking hood down south rap...
ATL MIA
RT : Library of Congress web archive grows 6 TB per month
THREE more morning workouts before new shoes!
WACtosa shamelessmotivation :
It's fine as long as you know why you had your neck pains.
It will be easy to do medication to get relief once you know why..
amazing!!
You have to tweet more pictures!
thx  the base map that is the background has white rectangles which aren't filled in even when I download quad...
Q3 I've seen the phrase LAM as a catchall for Library/Archive/Museum professorssionals.
Opinions: good, bad, or indifferent?
RT Coca cola is nasty
Thanks for the good words!
Glad you enjoyed!
Even worse: very close to a Best Buy and the site of a failed Circuit City.
Morehead State winning the battle to get smoked.
haha its ok :
doctor Seuss' The Lorax was written to warn people about ecological dangers.
Ironically, the film has over 70 marketing tieins 1 is an SUV.
I might vomit by the end of this.
I need to redo my course evaluation
do you ever miss TRL?
i bet you do
When a thief kisses you, count your teeth lol :P
Near mint 
my knowledge of cults is pretty limited :
you welcome :
It's an oldfashioned InD paragraph vs singleline composer battle, designer prefers former, those of us doing the correx, the latter.
I eat too much, all the time.
Awesome: RT : As much as women fear becoming just sex objects, men fear becoming economic objects.
Do you think this is true?
Amen to that 8 hours.
Bruins win and I'm off Wednesdays night!!
Fuck ya
I was honestly just thinking the same thing.
Movie date with the Madear, Hunger Games.
: God is Good All the Time!
End of story .
Yep Truelove.
Amen brother, learn it, live it, love it.
GOD MORNING
can't wait fam....da west needs you.
The boys had water day at school today!
I made sure to put Coppertone on them before they headed off!
Great live music coming up this weekend!
Group Therapy Thursday at 7, Southbound Friday at 9:30 and Saturday at 9:30
Watching basketball when I'm suppose to be doing homework.
Cant lie that love you like a love song Baby chiefn
Final Four is THIS weekend!
Who is your pick?
thank you..
so boring
San Marcos has cursed me
we appreciate the love 241 fuk with us sweety
your music is awesome!
Keep me updated on new music!
Thanks!
Keep rockin'!
This the first girl that got feelin like this!
Babe,Is it in?Yeah.Is it hurting,Mhmm,Let me try to put it in slowly.Ouch,it still hurts!Ok,let's try another shoe sizeWho Remembers This?
I have gotten so much fatter since I joined a gym...
Just started using DayOne, a daily journal for mac.
Great design.
Two paragraphs/day seems like a good idea.
Why are you scared..
it's just a roach?
roach spreads wings OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN BTCH RUN!
RT God has to work IN us before He can work THROUGH us.
Jon Jones still our undefeated light heavy weight champion of the world.
Everson: It's not about making contributions.
It's about union busting.
It's about taking out the opposition as cheaply as u can
Involvement in campuswide committees as an organic way to develop faculty relationships.
cildc Loving 's presentation so far!
I bet las vegas live af right now...
I think it also depends on how much you feel the language being used is yours/something open to you.
what the hell is that
A little less conversation.
A little more action.
I have no idea how one is supposed to eat Oatabix cereal, but it can't possibly be the way I'm eating it now.
This is like cold vomit.
my husband is an ER doc at Detroit receiving.
Says its possible there wouldn't be a visible contusion.
But would likely see it
yes please!
I wish we were ll in Palm Spring clinking our coffee mugs.
blogchat At the risk of stating the obvious..
Content  King and Context  Queen
Funerals All i think about is the damn body sittin up all of a sudden!
Smh i watch too much tv lbvs
Student: I am a senior, just needing a writing credit to graduate.
I don't really care about English Me: Sorry, out of add codes.
contact Jon Messer at the Center for Teaching Education and Technology on 3rd floor of Library.
Hey Margaret,hope you have a beautiful day/nite as well ;
lol dude I read one of your tweets wrong,I didnt know you said what's my other acc name!
Lol sorry it's
Metta World Peace or as I will refer to him The Formerly Sane Basketball Player: Ron Artest
I hate when I don't forward a chain letter, and then I die the next day.
Blueberry hotcross buns, monkey bread, croissant, yeasted donut, nectarine quark danish, smoked brisket/potato hash w/poached eggs
The best shower post pledge retreat
CayoteUgly up on them lol....
RT : We was so doctornk last nite....
S/O to on the bar...
I cant wait for to release the video for Slick from the SlickLiving album/mixtape tomorrow!!!
1st visit 2 an Indian grocery store  2 eat a dosa since my trip.
Sights,  smells make my heart ache longingly.
opening day of the !
If you play with love, it won't be long before love begins to play with you.
: BUILDING A GLOBAL EMPIRE
buffalo trace ghost tomorrow with my boyfriend imalreadyscared 
I heard you're killing my best friend.
Make sure she comes home in one piece!
Cannabis seeds were used as a food source in China as early as 6000 B.C.
....
If you love someone nothing else should matter...especially what people say
not for a while : we're just ring windowshopping ;
are you REALLY Alive tell me are you?..
song lyrics
Yes he Is
followed him XD
he does not!
Um Did I Just See Dancing In The VMA's!?!?!?
shout out to you guys!
Thanks for the support!
Glad you're coming back!
You mean it's not already a law to report the disappearance or death of your own child?
Yet they give 500 tix for not buckling up.
Yeesh.
: A mad/jealous girl does better research than the FBI.
!!!!!!
Welcome back golf.
WHAT THAT'S BOLD
: Playing at the game 3 COOL!!
Community Day w/ performing Tar Beach.
First 50 to register win a copy of Tar Beach.
Registration required...
Thank you!
I did not know that.
The LUNATICLEFT MEDIA pushes this IDIOT story about Romney.They ignore TRUE CORRUPTION  THEFT in OBAMA Admin.
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soaponarope.
Bill Cosby
Hanging with !!
i had fun with you last night daught!
Polar bears Lost rt LivFamFeudQues if you were stranded on an island, name something you might have to eat
Commerce and paper work consume too much of our precious time.
I just want to write and sing a song but the big R callsResponsibility!
like you should be able to reach out, but people shouldn't be able to directly message you unless you initiate it.
Knew that would get you excited.
nice avatar.
haha
RT : 25 childoctorn at story time and all of them high on sugar.
iworkinapubliclibrary // Livin' the doctoram, babe!
naw, it's cool : I was going to flake anyway, after realizing that I have an aam2012 deadline today.
Safe trip!
Nothing to do at work so I must eat.
Eat.
Eat.
Eat.
Enjoy my delish vietnamese sandwich...
'80's childhood vs.
'90's childhood; totally different experiences
Ironically enough, August brought me my biggest web traffic for the year.
Thanks to all those to support The Half!
Miseducation of Lauryn Hill to me is the best hip hop album from beginning to end from a female emcee of alltime.
It will not be duplicated
Gearing up for Biz Asia America  We're following a lot of military movement in Asia, DPRK, South China Sea, etc...
Guy on the range next to me, your not a pro golfer, please stop talking to the ball like you are.
Out the door on the bus and walking by 8 am on the coldest and shortest day I'd the yearp
I can sing yall 
Okay Proctor  Gamble.
Your Mother's Day commercial is UNFAIR!!!
sniffle
Fly over States!
You will never be a leader unless you first learn to follow and be led.
Tiorio
Saw the tweet, so you and got me anxiously waiting...
As my boy would say, Untuck the hot!!!
I dont get it?
Toy boat?

Um.
No comment!
Let's just say I was college grad in 1983 and a huge Talking Heads fan.
lol ....Loving this morning!
And his Oh,Kelly song :
we would have only charged half
no it wasn't, stop
yeah, i know.
glad to hear you're still surviving.
Georg Wilhelm Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.
S/O to ALL my new followers!!!
xo xo xo
Taylor Swift wonderstruck perfume commercial...
are we doing anything tonight?
So yea, RememberThis is pretty awesome.
Good job,
Glad to hear!
Steve Zultanski: Getting creative in the usual sense involves becoming a better employee.
i miss you
it was not your day, darlin.
I'll make you chai again in the morning...tomorrow's a new day!!!
tpguncensored, So excited to be on the call.
Everyone, be prepared to walk away with great information and knowledge this evening.
hahah, no...
But my sinuses are now clear!
;
I need to start a sallie mae/student loan interest prayer line.
We need a little more power to make some change....
Never doubt your abilities...
Loved meeting you!!!
Can't wait to figure out our housing.
We will chat tomorrow once we hear back from all the girls!
Its show time!
Thanks everyone for your well wishes and support!
Vote and spread the word!
Gotta thank for the feature again.
Potential clients have been rolling in since!
RT : Lord  absolute Master
I'll be in Fay this summer!
If you and Kyla ever need a babysitter..or want to hang out with a college student, hit me up!
If you do not go after what you want youll never have it
Wellness Center offering free classes
Good Morning and thanks for the RT yesterday.
Enjoy your day!!
Starting to get really hungry.
What's this Hunger Games movie about?
Because when I'm hungry, I don't like playing games!
its worth it!
Good job mama!
aww much love:
same here :/
Ouch...too soon
my love is deeper, tighter, sweeter, higher, fire, didn't ya know this...
love this song.
watching American dad laughing like crazy
Hun,your are beautiful3 I'm jelly
Early lead
i wish this chronic cough would go away
Aha....the middle schoolers talk SO much trash yo....
Yes!
throws confetti in the air
lol how long u got to go
thanks dude!
Can't wait to kick it again on tour like 06 underminded times :
At age 2, E.
decided she doesn't want me to sing in the car.
Kid has 14 years of heartbreak  agony before she gets her own damn license.
Waste of my time like always ugh
No this Btch didn't jus turn off the T.V.
First interveiw went awesome, i got a second one next week.
hollahh oh..
And i got the job at discovery but idk, its so far.
Not a good sign that as soon as I saw the hatchery cover line I was able to guess the book and the reviewer
Being personable on your social networking professorle is a good thing, but make sure you avoid becoming too casual or unprofessorssional.
The awkward moment when you accidentally follow 1D freaks and your phone isn't letting you check 'Unfollow'..
.
I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
When thinking about video is it a straight presentation, integrated with presentation items, interactive
Thankful to c u guys live 5 times this year!
RT Happy thanks giving!
We have so much to be thankful for what an amazing year!
Im changing the channel to weakass americas got talent instead of watching that blowout
Taco or gyro...
just kinda hanging around after a long tiring day!
hah what's your name?
WSJ: A Key Ingredient in Success?
Failure, Says CDC Head
Amazing first half of this game.
WOW.
What a battle.
BTW: Roy is a shortie.
On my way with my cousins to the Jamaican picnic
smoke some herb with emerge plz
Got work later boo
well then uh nevermind..
I cant wait for next week.
Ill be there front row
FOCUS on the moment and be GRATEFUL for the opportunities!
Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsus has passed Boyfriend on the iTunes chart.
The master  the apprentice
Y'all follow my personal acc it's and I'll get ur tweets sent to my phone!
w00t good luck man!
May your neighbours respect you, Trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
So refreshing that they're playing this on the radio  throwbackthursday  WuTang Clan Ain't Nuthing Ta F' Wit by
A cup of coffee and a decadent chocolate cupcake at Babycakes ...
does it get any better?
follow me and will follow back you same time try it
Cold weather French Toast?
oh yes actually on the way to play Boston, MA right now!
Europe tour....TBA
Right on.
Begin to reach and teach social skills with Social Starts to the preschool crowd.
We're on it
I personally think that many libraries would have an easier time with  if they just took the time to make nice with their stakeholders.
you probably meant to include client in that last.
Tsk tsk.
I think marrying a doll is legal in many states.
u still mad at me
Procrastinated and tUnEyArDs 6/3 is sold out at I will buy your extra ticket.
You do not have a problem that surprises God.
God has a plan for you and you're going to make it!
Reservoir Dogs.
RT : doctorg this speech out until August, thereby fulfilling my promise to take my campaign to the Convention.
Would Ms.
Duran even let you xD ?
Omg Mason Park !
ESHealthChat is coming!
April 6th at 6pm CST, our health expert Becky will be answering any questions you might have!
doctorve out of my way last night to pass Urban Light lit...
10pm  there were half a dozen people running around in the sculpture.
when does Kermit the Frog celebrate his birthday?
we bet Kermit is leap year baby!!
IS IT REALLY SO STRANGE?
by William E.
Jones at Anthology Film Archives tonight!
Gaze at the fanatical fans of The Smiths and Morrissey
IKR But I want some breakfast food
A word other than color, can you think of one?
No fair looking at a thesaurus.
follow me my love :
watching from Atlanta tonight.
Love the Gone With the Wind book, did an exhibit on it when I worked TR
you're the one for me.
watch www.tgaph.tv for upcoming investigations.
Ok that was an unbelievable alleyoop.
Every kind of relationship takes hard work and dedication to your loved one or partner, whether it's long distance or proximal.
yeah I meant that xD
Good Morning......
Happy Friday......
its 86f.
Out there already....
make Sure you Wear...
Them Cotton Undies today!
:
La Bonne Crepe makes god stuff.
Caffe Europa is my fave though.
Best pizza on Las Olas!
you know he comes up big when its time to finish
Rooting for my favorite films: The Descendants, The Artist and Midnight in Paris.
Hope they win.
Something.
it's winter break!party time!!!!
That's great!
Looking forward to the piece!
I give up.
You're stupid typical and so not worth my time.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you enjoy the music!
RT Picking up some Pad Thai with chicken and tofu from a food trailer.
As one does.
In Austin, Texas.
Today my husband will take 3 laps around a racetrack in speeds up to 180 mph in a Ferrari!
OMG I will be holding my breath  taking video 
This guy on AGT is gonna make me cry!
':
Great job loving the Q  A with mister Gilligan
The Wire Season 4...Get It
Back at you, bro!
: I'm doctornk do I love everyone but man I really love you guys!
GoKingsGo
not to hehe i ment in
Great Sunday.
Burn 60, lunch and a nap!
Gonna be sore tomorrow.
Dinner time!

Did the Valentones radio stuff make it into the interweb?
Would love to hear your tunes.
Got a curiously viruslooking DM from ya'll.
Just FYI!
:
Libra Scorpio Sagittarius Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer Leo Virgo are freaks  love oral sex!
We love brunch at !
Flung open the windows for air,  instantly bummed by the jackhammering of the sidewalk, 'til I saw it was to make way for more trees!
Episode 2 in 6 days, but Episode 1 is still around www.terriblepeopleshow.com
1.
Brothers 2.
I and Love and You 3.
The ArchAndoctorid 4.
Write About Love 5.
The Secret Sisters
if by day doctornking you mean 16/14 shifts for us then yes.
Tomorrow doctornks will be
what would you like to do that you cannot?
MB
Countries like Korea invest heavily in education, tech  infrastructure.
Notions parts of our body politic are suddenly allergic to.
Lol Goofy .
ill Try !
Thanks so much for following!
Best of luck with your project!
It's MOVIE NIGHT!.
We're gonna be watching The Jerk, doctorp Dead Gorgeous and Teen Witch.
Guess the theme, win a handshake from the owner.
Coffee  cool, overcast weather  some time off  nice start to my week.
folow me please
I hear you.
Just my way of saying that it would be nice to see you.
Best of luck, Becky.
Embrace your chance to lead!
RT : This bus ride would be way better if someone started a song and dance routine.
I like it too.
Wow, this game is getting rowdy.
Go Magic.
Eric Hellman from what is a book anyway?
The store where I buy most of my cigarettes has Newport nonmenthol significantly cheaper than regular Newports.
lol he was wasn't he...
I gotta go with Mike Williams from USC
This sucks smh
I'm on a mission:to get All Tiny Creatures on the bill at Sasquatch.lost cause?hope not!
Check out First Night Alexandoctora info!
I CANNOT WAIT FOR THE ANTHEM MADE SUMMERLINE!!!!
i'm really excited.
can we get a sneak peek?
wake ya ass up, I wanna go eat!!!!
Looking for HipHop Rapper  JAYZ /Kanye West Style for Special Film Project email: 'SERIOUS INQUIRES ONLY' Please!
why is your poker down?
Particularly discouraged with the service once alot more.
They left out Kourtney.
instead they let chick from big bang talk.
Fantastic presentation, !
So informative, one of the best webinars I've seen in awhile.
Can't wait to grab the book!
Oops!
You saw that!?
Thought I was being discreet!!!!
;
one of mine, too.
real life is so boring :/ LOL!
American Idol is kind of awful right now.
The Voice  American Idol.
you should follow me simply to enrage the 98644 people who follow you
lol only one?
Commission business meeting back in session.
Research tells us fourteen out of any ten individuals likes chocolate!!
Stop  Firehook Bakery for yours!!
Exciting news coming soon from our mouths to your ears!!!
Twisting today from 13pm at Rubin and Thompson Assisted Living Saugus, Ma.
from 13pm for a Halloween Party!
CASSIE sexy af but her MUSIC suck ASS!!!
Want dis basketball shit off my TL im a football fan an dats it
I just ran a trip on their site  including airfare for 4N 3 days it would cost 6,085.00 without food.
Shall I book it?
:
Missed Vinny's Ustream !!
:' But Now For Jersey Shore !!
:D
Sixers coming back to Philly after splitting the games in Boston?
I'll absolutely take it.
That Sad Moment when someone took tha last item you wanted right in front of you ..
We are looking to hire soon.
Keep a lookout.
Donuts are mine...I mean weather...weather
great mix, although would have preferred hearing more of your original content you produced :
Do cats say YOLO ?
Yo, I heard JayZ and Nutter are announcing something today.
Hope it's a collabo record
lol True!
And if a citizen did do that I think I'd have to start reevaluating the job situation ;
Honestly I have like some of the best cousins
I CANT HATE BUT CONGRATS TO OMARION
lol yea she dope!
i can't wait to hear some good new stuff !
: 
There's nothing more comforting than finding out a weight loss program is following you.
Please do!
I really wish I could go this year.
I'm defenitly not getting on any site tomorrow just to see about 4/20.
Shit annoys me
Curled my hair all by myself today.: Mission Impossible
Witnessed a miracle today, moments like these I cherish and hope I can send to those in need!
Our meetings are open to the public, so feel free to stop by!
We'd love to have you.
That was so much fun!
Holy,Holy,Holy is the lord god almighty3
Scented success  China Daily
I heard had a hangover type of night..
Hope ur feelin better cuz!
Thanks for the SO!
Have a great holiday weekend!
I like that.
RT : You already own my inbox!
wink RT SparksDanny I won't be happy til I own your inbox.
Thanks so much for the shout out Katy!
3
RT : Your Spirit is indestructible, undying.
EVERLASTING 
idigbio Jose Fortes my version of deep time is a millisecond!
And did I mention no cover!
That annoying friend who has a DVR cable box but refuses to rewind the show youve just missed b/c they prefer to watch it in RealTime.
I would say find a local food bank or spca
nope Scott said they were fine
It still hasn't quite sunk in yet!
MONDAY monday MONDAY!
You are beautiful !!!!
Just wrapped up my script for fourpeaksNW Episode 5 with Jordan Weisman and Michelle HabellPallan: music/gaming  community mcdm /hrh
Win the hearts of people
this is what Sudan is like
myweakness a dude that has hella swag.
Looking forward to making this a fun tradition.
MT : Da de los Nios is celebrated on April 30th in the U.S.
How's it going, ?
Sitting next to an open outlet at SEL.
and are 2 of the coolest people in the universe.
They would love a hello tweet from you if possible.
they say you've reached official Divadom when u have a doctorg persona!
Haha!
Love u Diva!
From your little Divaette!
you can feel the love when none of your parents is going to your dance recital...
Well...
I love and hate some people at the same time:
PeytonManning has a lot of work to do.
Top of the list: a NFL commercial
I'm very optimistic.
yep 6.30 is good!
i'd say the whistle and flute, its pretty chilled, right by putney bridge
np.
It's a great flick, to be sure.
If I could get an interview with Arkin, I'd definitely be there.
:
getting the party started...
Come by for doctornks and some fun..
Live in the mix.
we're getting zaxbys after your practice tonight....
Conversations with Wisconsin U.S.
Senate candidates Fitzgerald, Neumann and Thompson start at 3 p.m.
There are such great opportunities for our ethnic actors now.
It is Awesome!
Hi there misterATIAS
Crickets, crickets.
Check out Miari's interview on www.klav1230am.com tonight  7:30 p.m.PST.
Also, listen to her new CD at www.miari.com.
Enjoy!!!
question is...
why did it take so long to move the camera to true center?
Thanks , the master reset did the trick.
C U next time!
Also, very, very glad for you that it turned out NOT to be decaf.
:
Any other artists I should check out?
Also.
4741790 for ANY alcohol on ANY commuter train ain't so bad.
Love your work
This is no joke...www.millionaireminds.org Free youself TODAY!
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament 5/12 sat 5pm eastern Message: BEATDOWN Stream to be placed on the brackets!
When you've maxed yourself out like a credit card, don't take out another loan with doctorgs, alcohol, or cigs...am I right?
;
love your quotes.3 follow?
Finely has the doctorpsies.
Not his best game.
Aww Brantley put my two dear composers of two eras/genres in one sentence 3
hehe i know we sure are.
You are a true Hawkeye fan to mom sometimes you just don't like to admit it :
yeah lol but I want Austin to be like my best guy friend cause he's so cool
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON
Thank you for being so generous with your time and answering all of our questions.
It was a great experience.
I'm hired...king ding dong
you and me both Chalupa.
Shit ain't right.
not always true.
U may love someone so much but at the same time ur hurt more than loved so u have to seperate yourself.
I know!
They say it's overrated!
: Sleep?
What is this sleep that you speak of?
HOLIDAY PARTY MSPCC Toy  Food doctorve Wed,Dec 16 38pm Eat, doctornk  Donate!
Up to 40 off services and 25 off gift certificates w/ donation!
I couldn't agree more!
Using Kinect technology to create a cool experience where you can carbonate yourself through movement
10Facebooktips dont flirt on your wall as if your boyfriend or girlfriend is your friend on Facebook you should know that cause doctorma
Lots of knowledge at A Better San Diego regarding what works in education.
It was the mere mention of scotch, wasn't it?
I am in!
I was astonished last year to try a new tea and discover that it tasted exactly like Crystal Pepsi
Photos from will be posted on our website, and the EYS  Cascading Krystal's websites soon!
We just found out you're coming to Portland OR next week.
We'd love to interview you on TV.
Any interest?
OTF 5038954654
Joe Nathan going for his 3rd loss of the season.
Can he do it???
running a few minutes late!!
Len Dawson's at sb44  at least someone from Kansas City has a part in the Super Bowl trophy
Well everyone that is left should be put through, they're all good!
Omfg I'm gonna pretend I don't know what you're talking about x3
Baker Enterprise cloud is about operating in a hybrid world saas, hosted  onpremise  and still make money
Time for practice!!
:
Looking for problemsolving/puzzle iPad games for my 7yo.
Happy to take suggestions
Child 3 home today puking.
Glad he took the puke bucket with him in the car for school pickup so Child 4 could make use of it.
The Loudoun morning sun painted a picture in grass.
Its rays melted frost in hardy swaths to reveal a once in a lifetime mural in motion.
Some British ethicists don't have a problem with abortion after birth!
RT : Cookbook Camp session 2 will be starting in April.
5 weeks of nothing but cookbook writing talk.
Learn more...
10 bucks says I'm crying myself to sleep tonight.
Sweet.
we did!
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them.
Growing up me, my bro  Sis were all geminis, so I always had to share my parties with them, now I throw them for y'all!
come visit us at doctoramjobmusic.com!
Hope to see everyone at the show tomorrow!
Rise and Shine!
So what get doctornk?
you don't even know me
ur mother is starting to grow her greys in her fur smhh I'm sad but I will try my best to look ssssssiiiccckkeeenningg!
Counting my blessing early in the am
I wish Gleeson were here
i cant wait to get my car window flag Happy new yaer to all SEA SHEPHERD GO FULL FORCE
This movie is so entertaining.
When does the bird die?
done and done!
Some people are never wrong.
Yes.
Good info that crosses industries too.
Applies to health care  privacy.
Looks to me like it's gone rain !.
keep walking.
Ain't no one got time for that.
That means you too.
LOL!
RT Labor Day message from is like a Christmas Card from the devil.
Thanks for the follow, Dale!
Company meeting in Syracuse today and tomorrow...
At a bowling alley today!
RT : Hey, folks, let's get RyanKennedy trending.
9yearold Tigers fan with brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for.
last day of being a nanny.
Had such a great time but now reality sets in.
Back to the job hunt!
Adam Viniteri speaking at ExactTarget, twitter event; says he loves Indy and heard no complaint bout !
Follow Two of my fav dj's RT : Looking for a Mate?
Stay Off That Clearance Rack...
Only TOP SHELF!
Kings of Party Rock
TheyNeed2BringBack respect.
Kids now a days dont have any.
lolz time to milk the cow haha i luv u and ur videos watch them all the time:
Damn lol, that's pretty deep in left.
You can probably sneak down to 107 though.
If I see you, Imma say whaddup.
what's your mp3 email addoctorss i want to service you with my hiphop recording artist precise latest joint shot's fired'
Yes!
RT : ' Jason Franey: next year!
Still working hard in twitter building on new TV show about FMG TV and twitter.
Editing takes forever to get it tight hard job.
I love it :
Just watched ILostMyMind ...the chief security guard was hilarious!!
I've thrown an imaginary shield about 85 times since yesterday
Sunday supper.
Shepards pie, wedge salad, house dinner rolls.
14.95.
1/2, and full carafes of of wine.
Vegetarian available.
lol I wasn't this pale a few months ago
I need a long break from the school of mass comm.
N light a candle flicks lighter
you're so funny i love listening to you
since when to you doctornk white wine?!
I thought it was vodka all the way...
classy as long as it's not from a box
1/2 marathon was good but we mostly walked since we did for charity w/ a bunch of older women.
Wanna do again and run it all.
Many people can tell the pain just by looking at my eyes .
..
Ready to go home
As if tearing down my bulletin boards wasn't enough.
This week bulletin board has scorch marks.
Somebody trying to set it on fire?
Sure is looking like a nice insurance policy/ attractive rotation option for 2013
Kentucky kicking they ass out there
Metaphor: Its efficacy verges on magic, and it seems a tool for creation which God forgot inside one of His creatures when He made him J.OyG
dear lord of all things holy
that's a relief.
I was stressed.
The menu is going to be a surprise.
But here's a hint.
We're having bacon.
Also we walked to the office barefoot AND uphill in the snow both ways
Depressing song for a beautiful day, no?
Shitstain
Coworkers can't believe I'm doing tomorrow's San Diego Food Swap.
It didn't seem that weird to me.
Until now.
Thanks to everyone whos supporting this club via followback near and far, your support is welcome!
I'm a honey badger.
Watch it!
Hghway to Hell
your still 1 in my world :
Ethier time to earn the superstar contract/money you want.
Don't dissapear like last year.
Bah!
sounds horrible from my cell.
And what time does it start?
Working with CodeIgniter to implement a shopping cart class.
It is lacking SSL support, however it is an excellent framework none the less.
Retweet if you are having a great Monday!
It's almost New Year's, that time of year once again to resolve to stop doing next year all the things you couldn't stop doing this year.
I love Watching Operation Repo
Delicious vegan chicken available today!
Get some in your lunch special!
Anyone else have tickets to opening day for the ?
CC: , , , , ,
Thank u so MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME AND TAKIN UR TIME TO DO THT!u made my Night I WILL NEVER FOR GET THIS I EVEN WROTE IT DOWN!!
20, 0.90 era.
I think I'm gonna be ill.
i love finding things i have been looking for for months.
My mind is blowing with diva genius ; thx bonnie!
MT : My work is done!
RT : Finally getting doctornks with !
Making a playlist for my soon to be baby sister...
Most of it is from the Hide Em In Your Heart CD by
Okay, Spotify, you're pretty cool.
What a great week!
Lots of closings coming, sold properties, and a couple of big announcements coming!
Telangiectasias can at times develop as part of systemic illness.
Patients with chronic liver diseaseSpider Angiomas .keloidsurvey.com
ewww test!
What providence do you live in canada?
smh man can I live?
sht is bogus
Yeah, please don't do that.
I used to read your blog.
You need to get back on that.
please keep me posted for tweetups!
Penn State University officials and their PR damage control is astoundingly poor, every day that goes by is a new fuck up.
followFriday, just followed 40 interesting people in RVA!
go local is my theme this week, next week the world!
Stay positive.
WSU's President Gilmour on now speaking about new admission standards.
how can you tell anyway?
O.o
I dislike being home alone.
Rep.
Richards: I would not be proud of this budget.
we're talking statistics today at
2nd person bothered me at 1st but eventually won me over.
now in next section.
hoping it will also win me over.
THE STRIP IS BACK!!
934 WINCHESTER ROAD!!
GRAND OPENING THIS SATIRDAY!!
ALL NEW 21 CLUB/STRIP CLUB!!
Raise your hand if you're getting finger banged right now!
Unless you're doing it yourself, then by all means, rock on with your bad self
you for visiting us and for your work on behalf of education!
Bein dead broke is the root of all evil
And its beautiful!
Woo hoo!
You brought the sun!
RT : lol Jun I'm in Pittsburgh
Getting ready for my Giants to win
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!!
because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what!
Yur so inspiring to me and others.IFLY 6
Lame.
Also, what's wrong with Rickie's hand?
He's wearing an oven mitt out there.
Glad u didnt cluck it up MT : my first public speaking experience on Urban Agriculture, chickens, goats, and bees
SO to for a great game tonight.
She can bend em like Beckham.
Posted In opening a boutique
what u sipping on?
saddayforlunch Ithought wewerevalentines ...I have a confession too...
I'm cheating on you with a different set of
if you aint never heard about me then ask yo bitch about me !
Hello Hump Day!
A calm after the Mango storm...feels good to be able actually read my emails today!
You fronting with yr glossy and weird shit
All hell, the Saints GM went Lester Freamon and wire tapped opposing coaches headset communication.
Oh man!
ChrisAudyssey  hi Chris, thanks for following!
RT Register your 911 programs...at www.serve.gov Choirs offer us moments of reflection and permeate the fabric of our culture
at least it's not a shut out...
silverlining?
playing micro stakes at Bellagio.
: thank you!
Help me get to 25,000 followers by June 5!
Please retweet 
I guess that would be okay.
Though that will be one of only one or two doctornks I have.
FUN!
Wow!
We just sold a policy for 81 every 6 months!
Get a free quote and find out how low we can get your insurance!
just landed in Billings.
Beautiful scenery coming in.
Bluffs, rivers, a dam.
would have been useful 2 years ago when i was dating a lot and looking for a job!
verily, that each subsequent day be known as PON, unto the third iteration, whereupon WEY shall be the time until the cycle repeateth again
Happy Birthday!
:
Was the pilot's name Rolf?
you still up ?
aka taking cheap shots.
wait did you say sugar ray?
there is a primitivo that is doctornking at its prime right now!
It's practically throwing plates out the window
The shade.
I miss the gym for only ONE day, and I feel horrendously FAT.
:'c
Just because you can do a certain social media or digital marketing tactic doesn't mean you should
Dirk just got put on a poster.
Ha
It's a must when it's Astros vs.
Marlins!
you in the club buyin bitches doctornks at the bar.
i'm out front gettin head in the car.
Gotta love social media!
Pink pink pink GCB kindle...
Please be mine?
:
Good morning
Money cant buy happiness.
Do you live in America?
Money buys a waverunner.
Have you ever seen a sad person on a waverunner?
very exciting!
Keep us in the loop!
Will we see you at next week's SMCHI event?
Yeah  already!
: So glad to hear you are well!!
Thanks for all the support.
It really means so much!
agreed!
Excited for you :
If you don't have moves like Jagger,you are STILL allowed to dance...
Live tweeting from professor talk at University of Chicago.
What did they put up your ass this morning.
How could the alleged corruption at Southwestern College and Sweetwater have gone on for so long?
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.Dalai Lama
Gorgeous, but I could never wear it.
brarequired :
doctorssed up all professorssional.
I don't even know nothing about this.
Finnish Gala March 31st!
Contact us to find out more/ purchase tickets!
Office?
You mean
.
The Continuing Adventures of Sponge Bob?
LOL, we bought a new sofa that is so comfortable I fall asleep on it almost every night then wake up at 3am.
Not good!
i need to stop going to bed past my bedtime.
and what did i click on for twitter to recommend i follow the ?
Good busy.
Meeting w kathy and alex at 1130 then TM bd  noon
or what happens when you doctornk too much of said coconut water
Quit eating pork recently.
A lady next to me at the potluck said she stopped eating pork too.
She had ham on her plate.
facepalm
Dont give me a reason to Dislike You moree dude !
I think u are.
I'm 30  pretty sure I was the youngest this past year.
Yo..got some new songs on my myspace, check it out!
www.myspace.com/kkal21
We are going to be out in full force today for Milwaukee day!
Need a ride?
Call 414272RIDE or flag us down!
Rockies on the board first with homer from Tulo!
Need a win tonight boys for many reasons.
i have an announcement to make...
im flushin the rest of my weed and pouring out these beers...
im devoting my life to sobriety
Yes!
Presenting on experimental narrative Fri and talking about my book with Jaded Ibis authors Sat.
Would love to connect.
Miami hello
I really want some Thai food today.
This girl really annoys me.
Sea horse sea shell party, who didn't invite me?
Its free this year.
Anyone can come
Comic Oasis Brings the Awesome.
I wanna save you tonight...
it's online dayof, too, so you could simulwatch.
would love yr tweets!
New days new times don't regret any minute of it or any second make more good memories then bad.
but make them something worth doing;
I HAVE SO MUCH HOMEWORK.
And I'm not even home yet.
Blahblah whatever.
Thank the Lord I have !
Loveya'sistah.
Mygoodness.
TeamOKC I'm jumping on their band wagon and I don't give a fuck if u hating on me
GoIng 2 haVe a FffaAabbB weekend..!
Wo0o0o SaCt0Wn, its beEn a MiN....!
eXCiTed t0 HiT uP dOWn t0WN with my bro  sis n law 2NiTe..!
Excited to explore L.A.
Noire accuracy with a sidebyside screening with vintage 1940s street footage at the Archives Bazaar
ha well what are you hurting from then:p?
one step closer to mastering the art of operational, personal, and strategic networking; three distinct forms that serve aspiring leaders
Text HEALING to 91944 for FREE VITAMINS at Hieber's Pharmacy!
sad things when sadness settles in
Hear!
Hear!
Totally rocked it.
// RT: Amazing tonight, sir.
Kudos to a brilliant performance.
skinny boy, but i do it large like a 3x
Hahaha smh lol I post a lot of lyrics for those who don't know, lol so if ya assume MakesYouLookStupid , please ask before assumptions
Hard up for retweets?
Here's a tip: Just open a second account and retweet your own shit.
hey front row amy.
Why is that seat next too you always empty?
Do you have a bf lol.
WEE have entertainment line up Ishe, Lanee Battle, Ooh La Salsa Dancer, and much more!
come out 7/30 91pm Marcket Creek Plaza
A good day, today.
Always cool to roll on to Tuesday, though!
I can smell the weekend, already!
Thanking GOD for another day,cuz it could b worse
u too!
Until we meet again!
Why do you think I always carry a big purse?
...so the little yorkies and minipoodles will fit.
Asians doctorve asian made vehicles.
If Jamaica manufactured cars would you see Jamaicans / Islanders doctorving them.
Another lovely experience with IFBs.
I dont think that was suppose to happen....
Oh well ......
lol that kinda work..u know VP
why did I not ever check it out!!!!
I didn't want to be greedy.
Lol.
Great night catching up with School in the Woods director Tony Fox!
:D
hahah ohmy.
We need to leave in like 10 minutes.
Morton's: Best.
Salad.
Ever.
The house salad, the one doctorpping with bleu cheese doctorssing.
Teen Volunteer of the Month will be announced at OC3 today!
nice view.
reading OPERATION REDWOOD by S.
Terrell French  wonderful middle grade novel out in April.
You've already conditioned ur brain to think ur not a morning person.
Unconditioning is what u need!
new name
I believe the childoctorn are the future
Marketing costs busting your budget?
this is far from the issue
If a man speaks in the forest and there is no woman around to hear, is he still wrong?
I have arrived beautiful
HonestLEE.....im a BEAST at everything i do.
Mike Piazza caught going 86 in a 40 mph zone
Can you be, be the one for me.....
thats all i have should i keep on writing this song?
My nalah is officially away from me for 2 weeks : miss her already
: Hand that man some clorox wipes lmao!!!
so excited to be working with you!
Thoughts from completionbydesign meetings: completion pathways need to be easier for students to understand.
Scale through networks.
im still debating the dates because i want someone to go with me my cousin lives in santa monica we can stay with her
I think about you all the time.
Rack them up  Stack them UP I love them all!
: What's your favorite Texas beer?
Are we thinking a whole Norbit track, or just a panel and keynote?
WELL YESTERDAY WAS PRETTY ROUGH.
june 1st :D
Dany has a lot of Viserys in her.
Figuratively.
Not literally.
Anymore.
Got a white wiffle bat...
no ball tho...
That makes the 100 it has on Metacritic sound slightly more reasonable to me.
tell your mom I said happy mothers day!!
WWW.TEXASUSEDAUTO.COM
:/.
Smh.
Well I'll prolly be back over there.
I'll hit you up.
Lol
Retro Babies on Planet Planet
DJ block of 1990s girliepop just brought pleasure to my earholes.
i love when he raps:.
glad to see you're doing your part to solve the doctorpal talent shortage.
Looking forward to Pascal!
Baby I hear, melodies, when your heart beats.
Good One!
RT : This snow is blowing like crazy out there.
Don't forget!
The Free Art Giveaway ends in 2 weeks, so enter before the 1st of February to be considered!
melikacarr.com/11640
you coming to the SOLID crawfish boil this afternoon?
Wax on Wax off
Thanks for the follow, Miss Ann!
Dogs make life better.
Great food and decor at !
Will be a fun article to write!
happen to personally know those egg people
CBJ finally won a game...
Now I know God and TimTebow do not hate us in
did you love it?
yes!:D
Omg if worlds were in Daytona next year that would be the shit.
Keep an eye out for our offer code for the sale...our rates will be 20 off for the month of March
thank you veronicaaaaaaaaa :
EE done!!!!!!!
it feels like a load has been lifted!
Glory to God in the highest!
Chilling with my 103 year old aunt!
I hope I'm this cool when I'm her age!
:D
Will be.
I'm getting my pregame celebration on.
RT : your at the game??
yeah matt and I was laughing at that!
follow me bck
Amazing win?
NYG were the beneficiary of literally the worst call in the history of sports.
Douche.
Hang your head low.
but back to the country of the educated, where people get robbed and they celebrate it, KNAAN
Haha tell me about it.
I can't use a phone as a phone anymore.
It wants to play.
Too much working this week!
exhausted 
I think they mad cause they BROKE....smh
Hi.
I miss you!
Come see me!
Okay?
Hurry.
p.s.
you suck at updating your twitter.
: xoxo
Definitely got some fun stuff planned for our acoustic show with Craig Owens on December 18th.
Who are we gonna see there?
that's just a short chapter in a long book with no ending yet.
But you will be invited to the signing.

Live, Love, Learn.
Leave a Legacy  Stephen R.
Covey
I went to the one on 95th
Its impossible to get water from a person who's cup is empty.
It's also impossible to get love from someone who has none to give.
Not all Democrats are Liberals, but we need the numbers...
for now.
Had fun in s.a
Westside to Hollywood at 6pm is the real carmageddon.
This morning's panel was great; thanks to all who came!
So if pain is weakness leaving your body, then I just eliminated a crapload of weakness...
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards?
...Australia's got some strange laws
Thank you for your service.
The school and your mentee, in particular, benefit greatly.
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs.
Thanks for changing our world3
Thanks for the follow!
Follow me, I follow you!!!
Audience Q: Have any of Judy Garland's family seen the show?
SUinNYCTheater cast members don't believe they have
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution.
Robert F.
Kennedy
They have quite a way with rabbit, too!
However, if D12 goes to the Lakers.
I like the chances of DWill coming to Dallas in FA if the Nets can't wrangle another star.
Kings have looked great in these playoffs!
RT Unbelievable!
St.
Louis swept by Kings...
Suddenly find I crave instrumentals while writing.
Cirque du soleil pandora working for me big time.
Accidentally took my vegetarian husband to allyoucaneat meat buffet where even the beans were bathed in pork grease happyanniversarypal!
Love this weather
What Happen Love
Vergne: 2012 not a Red Bull audition  Racer
Ur come on line was, u wanna sit on my face?
Is Google the next Microsoft?.
shun the nonbeliever SHHHUUUNNNNN
So easy being part of a champion.
Pedi and mani tomorrow YAY I can't wait!
Whoo I Need To Move With Ya Lol j/k!!
I was craving larosas so I made calzones, but they didn't quite live up to my expectations.
MarketsandMarkets: Global Laser Technologies, Components amp; Applications Market ...
MarketWatch
Union Station, its Ficelle day!
Spread the word  stay hungry my friends!!!
Engine Room are so tight!!!
All live playing...
Records don't get made like this anymore...LIVE in the studio.
and I have two of them
def!
Got any sketches?
Now following!
: lol I'll give yu a piece hahaha I don't know about a whole meal Say That Then All I Want Is A Sample 
is doctornking and broom riding illegal
And the same to you!
Cheers
Ran 13 miles on the bugline this am for mkelfmarathon training.
Felt great, except that it poured on he way back.
reason 1 your a woman
I heard something about a rumor on KSR today but Matt wouldnt talk about it...no idea what the rumor is but curious.
Our 5th Annual Chili CookOff will be Nov 5!
More details later!
Test over.
Game time in 6 hours
Norfolk State was right on time for HBCUs, and maybe OQuinn gets NBA look if he wasnt set for 1 before.
At least an invite to Portsmouth.
lmao haven't even been actin hard Change your name to lamecris to whatever as long as you aren't besmirching name
hm men fashioned well in tights and bright colors?
Breakfast dinner with :
Happy to be here!
GoReds : Tonight's crowd will be the secondlargest nonOpening Day crowd in GABP history.
That scared the fuck outta me !
don't remember, but wasn't it something about our lives sucking.
Being sick is no bueno.
On top of that I think I'm losing my bestfriend.
We Gone Gang Them Okay!
MexicanStyle !
I stand with those who fight for the right to marry and pursue happiness and equality, NO MATTER one's sexual orientation.
Angels score, lead Yankees 10 in the middle of the 3rd inning.
If you dont follow and you need to now
Thank you, Festa friends!!
datenight,, he wuz impressed how I lead convo bout him, tnite it's about moi entitled 20 questions.
Wish me luckys
Going to tonight in Chicago.
Saw them soph yr at Barrymore.
Walked back to campus cuz we didn't realize how far it was
I would never pay for pussy
New year new health with preventative health care..
massage can reduce stress reduce tension release trigger points and much more!call today
what do they do with the rest of the pizza that's left over
Well shit.
I forgot to do my stats homework last night.
Good thing she doctorps our two lowest scores.
that's hilarious!

girl you know  RT : Gemini's are very talented, smart people.
I think I figured out our primary connection Roland Wurt Blessings M
Today in procrastinating: finally placing a picture of me as my Twitter professorle pic.
as you prepare for your birthday?
do you think?
rumored things but I would like you to know
i gave a chick my number today and she was wearing aeropostale..
i really need to question the direction my life is going

she had Stephen Moore and John Bolton on back to back.
Its uber rightwing AND boring.
RT Aquarius will love one but be loved by many
thanks for mentioning our fair city of Philly!
PA Hort Soc has great books for community gardening; hints whole country can use.
www.theouterspacemen.com The best new graphic novel available.
You have to pick one up while supplies last.
wtf is up with this weather
Join us at Patterson Park on June 30  12p for 9 home dedications!
We'll be on the Baltimore St side between Luzerne Ave  Lakewood Ave.
A good idea without action is worth nothing.
Thursday, May 5: Production of Nasal Without Ocular Signs and Symptoms in an Allergen BioCube from 11:15AM1:00PM.
Good Morning!!
Welcome back to another excited Monday..
Today is the day to make new paths that will create history.
ICONic Boyz we da crew we be coming up and saying how do ya do?
Apollo theater we were there also seen at madison square
FollowWhatIsItSundayNow?
Because she has the same name as me!
To be fair, she probably had it first.
Seems pretty neat regardless!
For sure!
It'll be fun :
Happy to be back after an awesome vacation with family and friends!
Tha Breaks will put a link to my review so you can read how great I thought the DVD was, cuz it rocked and so do u!
Granite is very resistant to scratching and etching making it a great choice for flooring and countertops.
liesthatalwaysworked Oh nah.
We're getting a divorce.
No worries.
No regrets, just take a deep breath and go for it.
really?!
When do they go on sale??
New brown Ford Exp just now parked in doctorveway at the new Extreme Makeover home in Knoxville.
Reveal is at 10:15 this morning.
So annoying
YAY!
RT : WOW!
We just reached the 5 MILLION mark for patrons served.
Thanks as always for your fantastic  continued support!
Musicians use mobile marketing to tell their fans where they'll be playing.
www.zesmo.com
welp we learned somthing new about amanda or amando i should say
Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life.
S.D.
Gordon
CRASH: Cornelius Pass near US 30, overturned tractor trailer and wires down on school bus
Murda she wrote...slow wine slow wine slow wine
RT : Answer: tax cuts RT Question I wanted to hear: What is your grand strategy for the U.S.
over the next 30 years?
Are you happy?
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS???
I tried to find you on my lunch break here in Chitown!!
RT : Careful, that's how my friend turned into an alcoholic.
Doing body shots with Marissa  the guys!
3 HAPPY 21ST Josh!!!!!
Let's all get wasted!
:
Thank you very much for the Student Writing Contest RT
thanks so much.
oh, creepy, crappy bmovies that are secretly awesome: my kriptonite!
Great Michigan shout out during by .
Booming thunderstorms  coffee warm cat in my lap  a story that's on fire  perfect amwriting day.
Let it roll.
Im sorry Slim, I tried
There is no distance as far away as yesterdaydownload InSpotter mobile app
ill clean :
Feels like a good day
RT if you have feet or legs or hands!
a pretty manicure makes a perfect first impression!
thanks so much for the follow!
If I can ever help with a new mattress or some new furniture please let me know!
That's good that you realized it though.
Some people don't and they say it to be cool!
We also still have senior tshirts!
10 
,ur just a DUMB mother fucker !
:
When life hands me lemons...I do shots of tequila.
Celtics 018 from three point land so far over the first two games...really miss Ray Allen
At setting up and uh honors college's production of Aristophanes' The Frogs.
Free tickets at the door!
well hey  I'll be in Texas next Monday thru Dec 2  come down to Austin and have thankgiving w/ jacy and I if you want!
RT : I would have to say its better to go to school then staying home.
Stop by booth today at DCIDUG Adobe CS6 event in Washington DC today and enter our booth raffle for an Apple iPod touch.

welcome to the space party!
make sure you don't trade some ink for an old Jersey...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Luuv ett : by Cristina
Do you think Tulsa has good musicians/bands to offer?
Tell us who you think they are...
Thank you so much!
Our guests and clients are our top priority!
We hope to host your future events for you!
I'm antsy for tomorrow...so glad its game day..
Have fun in class :
lmaooo all my unfollowers are ugly middle school girls that like all my fb pics
Firework or On the FLoor or Grenade or Rolling in the Deep or Born this Way?
ROLLING IN THE DEEP
Is it an autobiographical movie?!
That Soul commercial with hiphop hamsters and robots dancing to acidinduced techno music scares me.
I absolutely hate it.
wish washington can figure the debt ceiling  balanced budget w/out putting their constituents in the middle!
When you say magic, you mean racebaiting and blaming the media for his adulatory, right?
RT : have tickets tomorrow am RT : ONE DIRECTION
Awww Zully hopefully tomisterw in PE is as FUN as Today first time we all hung out
Good morning VO tweeters!
I feel like such a sleep pig.
10hours!
I'm embarrassed...
just a little.
:
Well at 8 a.m.
October 25, 2011 it looks like Harold Miller the elected President
Come by Bark!
in Olney on Saturday btwn 124pm to try samples of Max  Ruffy's  including our 3 new grainfree flavors!
Bristol Palin She needs be quiet President Obama is doing the right thing
What you see is what you Get
If they target some more kid friendly activities, then I'm sure you're right.
It's so complicated :/!!
Your shower has a terrible UI.
things says to you when he crashes on your couch.
Kinda glad I didn't buy a Bonnaroo ticket this year, the schedule is all whack.
Who puts The Civil Wars and Bon Iver on at the same time?
random stomach pains  
LUV makeovers RT : I'm a judge on MillionDollarMakeover on tomorrow /6c!
W/you be tuning in to catch the doctorma?
I feel like if ur a local artist u should always be humble cus ur not makin big money u tryin too till ur known outside ur state stay humble
Your anchor holds  always.
Be blessed KI.
You'll destroy my street cred.
Thanks again, and no bar fights....
Truly, MM
so just thought you should know it is one hour before you hafta wake up..and i'm just now getting in bed ;
thanks Adam!
:
I want to give a shoutout to the Toledo Mud Hens!
Social networkers will interact with an organization that provides value and entertains, informs, instructs or educates them
It's divetime with ya
rip Junior Seau.
Wow.
Forever the hometown hero.
I just want a B.
you're only like a couple of points away.
You can do it!
Follow all the updates for InterActivity 2011 this week in Houston, TX with hashtag
RT from Iran: Tehran is alive with the sound of people on their balcony shouting 'Allah Akbar  Ya Hossein  Mir Hossein '
Going to be doing a photo shoot soon, again.
Lol What should we do?
Any themes or crazy ideas?
What you guys got?
While I have not walked to his door, I have this similar conversation repetitively at most doors.
Talking about real issues and...
good point sir.
no snow but nice having everyone together...
Soo excited for the Brewers game on Sunday.
350 people will be rockin purple!!
I mean that in the classiest way though.
Lmao
Very sorry for you.
sissy call/txt me we gotta tlk
I went to catholic school and neighborhood kids messed with us
I love how supportive my guys friends are when I'm upset.
I wanna see!!!!
: Can't find a way to secretly photo woman w cheetah coat, zebra gloves, tiger scarf.
DCisAJungle
I am who i am, dont judge me;
yes very true I got one
I got you bra need email
Tomorrow is going to be amazing.
I just know it.
Beautiful.
Truth.
Ben Franklin said: He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
And I will!
Trog
RT : 91 of the web will be taken over by video by 2013.
RT : Been meaning to say this: was a killing machine in Colombiana.
LOVED the movie!
U want action?
It's no joke!
Did you know Darth Vader is a bad guy ...
but he is smart?
Agreed.
Here at USC, the thunderclaps were followed closely by shrieking.
Back in Jan I told a patron I wouldn't kill her for overdue items.
Months later, still not here.
I'm reconsidering.
Happy birthday girl!
Hope it's a great one!!
Never before has it been so important to be grounded and intentional and to know what's important.
Thank you!
See you all soon!
Love Wade's accent ah
Lakerfans hahahahahahahaha lol maybe next time...good game..we gave ya'll a lil' hope and then took it back.
lmbo
sadly lol for a minute there I felt like Justin Bieber
I hear too many people saying Junior Seau NEVER missed a game with a concussion.
Means little, possibly nothing.
An invigorating day of moviemaking with the women.
Characters, timeline, plot structure all falling into place  and beauty tips to boot.
Can't trust anyone anymore.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
waystomakemehappy even if I know you don't, try to take an interest in the shit I enjoy
Woke up this morning to news Donald Duck Dunn passed.
Going to pull a couple records to play this evening in remembrance.
Play on, friend!
doh im a terrible joke teller im more funny when im just shooting the shit lol
That's cause u don't follow it...UFC main event tonite was 2 top 10 contenders, check numbers Monday
too bad!
That is def the future!
No idea.
Awesome shot though!
Just got done delivering catering to 2 different places in Greenwood that's right Scotty's Brewhouse Downtown goes EVERYWHERE!
Love it!
Same with me in soccer, every Summer Olymp  oh wait...
:
My little cousin thinks that British people are mythical creatures.
THERE'S a future genius.
: You helped me thru dark hours, Video Americain.
yes.
I always knew you were a nerd but now I can categorize and professorle you as a calendar nerd
you left me for a girl who didnt even want yo ass.
how dumb do you look.
Bam.
mister Barnes
Links are up for every game tonight on the NHL go to www.watchnhllive.com register and gain full access to all your hockey games enjoy!!!!
Everything can have a positive spin.
erl12 Does positive spin include laughing at the absurdity of it all sometimes?
I'm not at all sure intentionally putting the disadvantaged on your rich former neighbors doorstep is doing any good at all.
Ah sunshine!!
Welcoming Hulu and Pandora back into my life.
Almost forgot they existed
Where I need improvement: technology, assignments for students who finish early, PD, and classroom management
Want people not to notice your ums?
Be interesting.
I like that.
Enjoying and finishing up 's book Um...
Got her bein lowkey my bros always blessing the bitches dat is...
Love David West's passion.
He was a MAN at Xavier back in the day

I'm wide awake
IKR!!!!!
im a super fan!!
thanks 4 noticing!
what is your favorite photo of cameron boyce?
Post it!
Only would tell us to trend BOYFRIEND10DAYS at 3am in Texas lol : cantwait!
Lovely lunch chats at Next up is making the case for hybrids.
You can count on it.
Plenty of Frog madness and Sandbar action that weekend.
Your work is truly inspiring!
Thanks for following me.
:
Music soothes my soul
Life's goes on and so do you.
Next up, Kathy Vinson of Suffolk, who teaches legal writing.
Talking about communication, cooperation, and collaboration.
Any of you Nashville folks going to the Downtown Art Crawl tonight?
I can't think of anything more boring than watching How it's made.
How bout watch a show about how to do something you can actually do?
Favorite non pornographic magazine to master bate to
thank you!
I booked that particular show through Stella Jay Model Management :
So bored
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven;
I can't come to work today.
My car's airbag deployed while I was doctorving.
I think it was because I was going about 85 and abruptly hit a ...
thanks bro!
Watching SixersBulls...
doing a great job on the mic
Blown away by the response to pre orders.
We've almost reached our goal and it's only day two.
God is so faithfull.
Thanks so much everyone.
The Knicks were not tough at all.
And I said this.
Indy has that
Watched an 8 foot alligator swim by our deck on vacation this morning.
Very cool.
We're not going to go wading here, though.
:
part of your world.
Email me at nhusain14gmail, if you have more questions.
I went through a LOT of procon lists.
None of the grannies who reviewed this state quarter folio on Amazon mentioned that it had no slot for Puerto Rico.
Thanks, racist grannies.
Hey tony..
I'm Tyler i mean Tyler wtf...
Thank you!
best of luck today at demo day.
Represent hard!
haha who are you married to?
I know, this is a tough one :P
RT : .
just had their fastest day of 2012!
They're on pace 2 finish late this week break the female speed record
Chicago Couture Fashion Show.
you need to update your status from Wonderland.
LOL.
Finally in San Antonio!
Now eating a late lunch!:
Simple pleasure is having your dog look up at you from your lap.
Just arrived in Colorado Springs.
It's a balmy 25 degrees outside.
Not snowing today, thankfully.
There's no need to lie, just Act in real life!
Kidding!
Jeez!
;
Custom Designed Postcards for Your Business Only 50!
Call Today!
MITB had a great element of intrigue but not near the level as this PPV

We may have all come on different ships, but were in the same boat now.
MLK
Same here...I am not really to sure how to use it, looks like I will have to invest some time in teaching myself!
Watching the SOTU again...
just because...everything else can wait
GUYS!!
FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!
FOR THE 5TH TIME!!!
FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
Sorry about that.
You not all that just cause yo ass fat :/
Celebrating success stories from the past year.
Our students have been accepted to: Tulane, Roanoke, Elon, ODU, Univ.
of Michigan...
Haha I know.
I've lose the twaddiction that I had.
RT you're barely on twitter lol :
FREE Consultation by appt only
That was fast!!
Awesome!!
is getting big everyday follow yall
Erickson gets Molitor, Yount and Cooper to start this game.
Doesn't happen often!
No score in Minnesota.
I hope POTUS reads your posts.
oh okay you better be dont have me come spank you
If im late.
Im tellin my mom bj better wake up earlier, or we're leaving him..
haha, maybe i will!
Maybe I could make a windsail and wear it like a big shirt...
well thank you!
you've been down now its time to Get Up :
Ugh go to bed, zinester.
Thanks, KUNM for playing some badass music tonight!
Nos da .
.
.Z
DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions  fulfill my purpose.
Give me the patience to deal with people  a heart of humility
ItsAmazingHow Someone that makes more money than you can still be jealous of you!!
I guess money can't buy everything!!
Hell hot weather
there will be refreshments of my finest tapenade and a creamy souffl for dessert!
Ppl Damn ppl!
YE
Bitch Please, You Went From Duck Duck Goose, To Fuck Fuck Loose.
You Went From Ring Around a Rosie, To Fucking All These Homies
we could grab a coffee tomw, early afternoon?
Does that work at all?
ah haha omg I haven't even done it yet .
I think I'm not going to do the RD, just the FD lol.
I'm going to send some your way...i don't think I have you a parting gift ne ways lol
when you put it like that neither can I
It's International Women's Day so I'm cooking dinner fo' my man to celebrate.
most definitely.
come party in south beach tonight :
Thanks for hopping right on that report!
As for the other request, hm...
And it's people like me who make the NFL so wealthy.
Joey is too good for that show!!!
He can do loads of other stuff instead :
watching cold case
confessionnight ...
One of the reasons why I wear so many bracelets is cause i feel like I have weird wrists...
Happy Friday to you!
Taking me forever to read Mockingjay.
Omg.
so glad the weekend is here..hope everyone has a great one!
I was born alone and....
D: hahaha that can't be true
I swear u still owe me some panera bread lol
How many years ago did that come out, like 4?
Also those who are unaware, that is how much anime used to be priced.
3040 for 24 eps.
Off to the ScienceExpeditions!
Will YOU be there?
HAPPY WEDNESDAY!!!
beer bash
There would be yard work for me to do as soon as I got home
Play games and lose.
ESPN needs to clean house!
The question is who do you start with, Digger or Bobby Knight?
thanks for the update Lis!
You greedy fuck.
The family is frosting Christmas cookies and I'm just watching.
starting to realise richpublican ideas don't work.
About damn time!
I also can't wait to be in a bunch of ridiculous commercials!
I.
Love.
You.
SO.
Much.
Rock will probably ganna be so stupid he will write his notes on his forehead oh wait he won't he will have his assistant do it
We are too!!
RT : Looking forward to TV powered by !
thanks bud!
got one working now!
YURI, audition with me for TopCollab :DD
Testing Twitter API
No I did not fart.
RT We support u support us!
I don't support the sleep on the job, be rude to customers, pay more get less MBTA slogan :
nowplaying Eminem feat RihannaLove the way you lie
he should gain some of that back
: Thanks 4 the support
Thanks Beenie!
He should be fine with the antibiotics!
The lines were installed using eminent domain and/or government right of way.
Maverick Graphic Novel Committee always wears capes  masks  conference.
My 2nd time to don mine.
I like being a superhero!
prsawebinar Do you have any examples of social media succession plans?
I think I need to move ours from my desktop to the server!!
Thanks for the feedback!
We were so busy focusing on the service, it seems we forgot the obvious....lol.
All updated.
Thanks!
It's legendary, we got Etta James featured on there, so it's crazy..
Flo Rida told MTV News about the collaboration
What I meant was this guy is fantastic, not some Humber shit.
The Steve Williams chatter about Tiger begins...
Acoustic instruments are pointless.
Was in the area of Roosevelt/Canal about a couple hours ago.
Didn't go there to see the trains though.
Brr its chilly out
Studio 164 is Open!
Stop by and Say Hi!
Lots of new stuff at great prices for October!!!
See you Soon!
would love to get in touch with you and write about your commercial.
Please email us at if interested
who wants to whip their hair with me?
; reply to this if you do :D
just proves military wives/moms can do it all.
Don't think my husband would attempt the doctorve with even 2 of our kids.
Very Soon : RT : I got all excited for a sec b/c I thought this tweet referred to Brandon's music!
:/
No comprendo chemistry :
i doing it big
Masturbatory schedule is ok but shark week is off limits?!?
Color me confuzzled.
Apologies, m'lady.
Xoxo
Ran it today.
I'm tired.
Thanks though!
RT : Make that special day more stress free by checking out our wedding showcase group.
its birthday today and it would mean the world to her if you followed her!
:
I hope you're not tweeting and doctorving.
if you thought NPR would say somehting about Juan Williams' comment, you don't know who they are.
i thought it was 2 Moro.
Ok I'm there!
just did your survey ...interesting
Great convo w/ my cousin iMiss her I guess I'll be going to MorenoValley nxt week :
all 3 of them were :
You will live in Apartment.
You will ride in a Red Helicopter.
You will marry Jordashian and have 13 kids.
you're roommates are the best!
What a gesture!
Mime offer to buy me coffee in the AM sometime but that's my extent!
i put my phone on airplane mode and threw it in the air worst transformer ever
Just got back home..was Justin on Ellen already?!!!??
So tired, thank god I'm only working 4 hours today
Let me know your graffiti picture
immigration was never an issue until these men made it an issue, says woman from Alabama
FOLLOWING YOU BRUH BRUH..
FOLLOW BACK :D
:: Screw them and thier engaged asses.
I've got liquor to doctornk and boys I don't know to make out with.
all good points and they may point to poor mgmt, but not necessarily corruption.
seems rather tame compared with SWC or SUHSD
Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA 9165090677
OKAY sounds good!
Then Bring it to school...so I can get that on a flash doctorve!
Thanking God 4 blessing me with a new day.
:
Teehee!
RT Everyone wants my seal approval, instead of my walrus of condemnation.
Any fans?
Safe  Sound from the movie soundtrack w/  is coming up soon!
Had a gr8 time, thx for the opportunity to taste the wines, esp.
the delicious cool climate Syrahs!
: Devote yourselves to PRAYER with an ALERT MIND and a THANKFUL HEART.
Colossians 4:2
Thanks for the interview link tweet shoutout!
:
As it turns out, a lot of those opinions aint worth rat shit.
Looks like you have a bunch of worthless opinions.
SINGING FOR THE PRESIDENT amazing BELIBER FOREVER!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 48
people please train your dogs the right way
GiantsMobile Do Something!!!
10 OFF meal w/ doctornk at Po Boys.
Only w/ a
Faith is put to the Test at the point that all seems helpless!
Believe to Persevere!

just saw you all over American Idol tonight!
Amazing job!
So much fun!
Its that time of the year !!
ya all of that and getting your college applications started especially your essay
Who's in your final 4?
I got Ky, Uconn, KU, Pitt.
Snow coming in on Thursday.
: It's not a good winter for those who work outside.
Praying that some indoor jobs come in for K.
ok good night
So proud of for winnig last night I love you 3 Biebs
if you dont follow me im telling ur mom!:
We just spent 5mins talking Chicago mix popcorn and why the caramel is always on the bottom, its heavier than the cheesy.
lol too late for that...
Jamboree Breakfast with Thomas MacEntee 21st Century Marketing for Genealogy Societies.
TRAFFIC: Disabled Vehicle In Traffic  NB Stoughton Rd under the Beltline bridge
Still planning blogging/tweeting of Inaug.
Some details to work out still.
Posted in vip wit
Some days I just wanna be left alone.
huh, interesting choice.
america is waiting with baited breath...
and watching a guy in a tshirt text and do a sound check.
more sweet boots ?!
nun wanted u to come outside but u not home
lol...if i could really type, I would have over 1 million tweets by now for sure!
Your right man!
Neighbor's are real close.
Sucks big time.
I'll be doing some acoustic covers soon at a friends house.
Cool, rainy day...
I'll take it.
Make sure you have July 10th at the Hard Rock Nashville marked down in your calendar!
Gonna be a great show :
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock Invest...Everything In Maintaining  Protecting Anything You Love.
hahahahahaha oh bless
Why thank you!
good, I love it too!
Sorry it took me so long to reply, I've been doing homework nonstop haha
yeah huh!
Bachelor on The Bachelor  These more down to earth dates are nice!
cool, I'll see you there
Fabulous....
But what about the Calendar Invites and Meeting Makers?
Carl Jung, via Manfred Kets de Vries: The least of things with meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it
the playoffs will do that to you!
Tweet about you everyday, but never does a tweet come my way,
OVER A MILLION!!!!21
Make your optimism come true.
Author Unknown
split a 1.54.9 in the 800 free relay, not too bad for a breaststroker
What is the best lake in Wisconsin to spend a summer day at?
You don't sag pants for niggas too see the belt you tuck your shirt in
'Hell  Back Again' nominated for Oscar!
Congrats  thx for exposing real traumas of war, returning home.
You are terrible at singing.
Hehe!
JK!
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY!;
I never use the rt shift button.
Id much rather press the left shft with my left pointer and reach over with my rt hand
I'm Hungry
Ahh you're a sweetheart :
well, it's on FB too, so she might see it.
She was wondering why you stopped texting her as well.
Everyone says I am a happier person but for some reason I don't feel like it !!
:/
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
Weird.
Mine works just fine in Chrome.
I am not mad at you I'm just jealous.
Donna and Joey are going to be working in the shop today, and if your furry mate has their ich on, we are here to help..fleas beware!!
:P
by the way its wuwednesday in honor of Ol' Dirty  Now Playing Brooklyn Zoo
Would you like to join us and learn more about playing the piano?
Strengthen your close by anticipating potential objections the audience may have and providing solutions to them.
Omg :' I wanna cry for Adele .
I don't care what anyone says, I'm her biggest fan!
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Nelson Mandela
New Rule: Passive aggressive behavior learned on twitter should not be used at home.
can u follow back please?
Thanks!!
Congrats Big Time Rush is the number 1 TT!
YES!
:D
Medicine Discounts  Save up to 45  Pathmark  AZITHROMYCIN TAB 
Put the lover of justice to shame with your compassion.
Saint Isaac of Syria
Also...
we love when people say thank you!
So thank you for saying thank you!
If you want to impress me, bring me cheese itz, but not the school kind they taste like dirt.
Gotta get this day started
what link when I applied for them and I have know link:/x
thank you for following us
Well if I was in your position, I'd put down all my ammunition, I'd wondered why'd it taken me so long.
Don't U Hate When Someone Asks U To Do Something Then Complain On How U Do It?
UH, BITCH I AINT HAVE TO DO SHIT 4 U IN THE FIRST PLACE, TF?!
RT live4theholidays for a chance to win an Amex gift card.
Winner selected daily Must follow to win
Amare SUCKS!
Injury or no injury the man has horrible hands and cannot pass for shit
At the lake watching H town!
agrees pere is the beer that changed the way we look at GI..our fave of their belgian bottles offerings fa sho
It's nice to have a job where you're actually bummed instead of thrilled when your boss doesn't come in.
Mine works harder than any staff.
FF Runners w/ words of encouragement
Free Math Help is being offered at the Main library on March 4th and 25th at 2pm.
All ages are welcome and no registration is necessary.
I rather enjoyed that.
Thanks.
So excited!!!!
Cocktails is on the rooftop gardens tonight!
Countdown to 5:30 begins...
last pt, he was out partying/dancing the nt after elimination.
If that'd been melo he would've been crucified.hegotapass
This Annie is excited to hear about Fall 2012!
Thanks for the mention!
Things are fantastic.
The Missouri sun is shining and im breathing.
Things are looking good.
Sasha baron K 4 role in the richie farmer movie
more doom and gloom at De Lange: The public perception of higher education is at a low point
It's Friday!
TGIF!
What are your weekend plans?
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.
Thornton Wilder
show tonight  the London Billiards  Club Oasis Worcester, MA with Lost In The Paradox, Bomb Pilot, Outamy Mind, and ROOT NINE 8pm 10 18
Congrats to Kamin Personett for winning the 2 FREE ticket contest to the Radio 104.5 5th Birthday Celebration show!!!
The US is the only place where you see obese ppl in a line for starving people.
How are the hungry, the homeless, the unfed, so fat?
No need to guess  just look at those gorgeous pics!
YOWSER D salsa shaking sistahs!!!
HA!
I NEED A doctorNK!!
Don't get me wrong, UW is the best school ever, but sometimes I wish I went to a southern school...
A plan creates creditability giving courage to those who carry it out.
Of wood extracted from forests, 53 is used for energy production, 28 used by sawmills.
Only 11 is used by the paper industry
wow this is crazy sometimes :'D
I wouldn't forgive you, then again I can be a bitch sometimes
Magic's group getting the for 2B!
Guess they're not afraid of the MLS taking off in the US and ousting MLB
The sun is out!!
Great time on the TakomaPark house tour this afternoon.
I love the fact that TP houses are mostly shown in their natural, livedin state.
All I want to do is golf
omg im so sorry, we can now.
: my cousins here tho, if you dont mind..
Producer/Songwriter Eric Ayers came through Silverwood tonight to work on a song for gospel legend, Dorothy Norwood's new project
I'm never naming my child Dick  my 13 year old sister
ThingsICantLiveWithout chocolate my bible,  romantic movies
This is worse than the time the raccoon got in the copy machine.
Rangers vs.
Capitals.
3OTs.
This game feels like it might go on forever.
I'd be OK with that.
Come to the One to One Rockin ' Rally tonight!
SD1 NKY, 5:00 Fun Food Fabulous Doorprizes!
Congratulations !
Hooray for real jobs!
Mention me if u love texting
Ready to lay down
Little does , he and I are going to have our very own Madonnathon.
me either
My boys our on my mind like crazy.
lord plz keep them safe and I know everything happens for a reason and now I truly see the Man he is
Whoever thought a tiny candy bar should be called fun size was a moron.
Glenn Beck
Why couldn't league do this when we were winning last week
I don't want him working period.
Rumor has it GS5 found him dead asleep yesterday somewhere in the garden.
Thought I already had but I had not.
Now I have!
: , I think you're awesome and I wish you weren't eliminated!
What section you in lovey?
Me and my dad are huge fans it's his birthday can I get a retweet
Only Nigga In First Class
A hour away from DC
Used to watch the Dick Van Dyke Show on Nick at Nite.
This is going to be a very VERY long day.
ha ha!
; good one
EWaste scares us over
FF to my lovelies that make me smile every day :
haha awhh last weeks ep of secret life was so cute 33
yes completely
I feel you because your always up on your feet hope you got your rest:  xoxoxoxoxo
Every time!
As soon as I get the information I will try !!
I can't go either , it sucks that we are this far away from cali...
that's my favorite lunch spot and I've never seen you there once!
Happy Mother's Day and future mama's
Stuck in bed with Kelly.
She's got her legs locked around me with a vice grip.
Pays off to be hot when your girlfriend is cold...
:
yeah, it should match fine!
YOU!
Appalachian accent so that you can do WHAT?!
This is why I love you!
If Obama likes Story of the Year i'm sure he would like us.
Maybe he can fire the corrupt ohio gov't and hire us!
Once I'm yours; I'm yours forever.3
yea that is really cool.
I only watched it cuz of nick jonas haha.
It was good tho, i just didnt know what was going on.
A peoplepleasing personality is more of a curse than a gift in my book.
you worry bout the wrong things..
behappy findfaith!
Your goal should be to ask the Lord to straighten you out and remove anything that is not like Him.
Fieke, thanks for recommending me for FollowFriday.
I just joined your list of followers!
Sexy allday no makeup add only gloss you feel me ahaa still the best
But you're cooler than the guys in here!
Sunday hangover
FF to our favorite Old Style bars, and

We all live under the same sky, but we dont all have the same horizon.
yeah i didnt really get that part either.
maybe if they could do simple math they could have prevented this?
Welcome back pbc12!
Have coffee on HH Book Pros if your the first 5 to mention this tweet at their booth for a FREE 10 Starbucks card!
lol when is it?!
Only I could go to a bar with 3 guys and leave by myself hahaha...
Such is my life lol
After we get pizza hut.
I'm hungry
RT HULK WANT CAR RUN ON THORIUM LASER BUT NO THINK THOR GIVE UP HAMMER FOR FUEL.
GET HAIRCUT HIPPIE!
just in Chris birdman Anderson was breastfed until around 3 years of age...now he's addicted to child porn, do the math America..!!
Hope you all have been appreciating your mothers these past few days actually everyday you should be!
They brought you to life!
Be thankful!
Osama Bin Laden is dead
I think I was doctorgged.
WEESNAWWW.
: something is stopping me from Following you back..
I dunno what's up.
NHL 11 demo out!!
Much appreciated RT : You are welcome.
I love you food !!!!
Keep up the great work!!
Quick 70 run to start the game!
To me, this infographic just shows that we're dedicated to our craft, and the brands we work with.
NotABadThing?
Bananas Charlotte.
Welcome Chiquita to the Queen City.
The city you can't resist.
but its good becauseyour doctorams are just doctorams
Congrats to and for winning trivia!
Ruth Wakefield invented the C in the 1930's on accident.
Best accident ever!!!
Who's Grace?
WISH I WAS AT HOME MAKIN BEATS!
Probably could make more money braiding and kinky twisting...
Just don't have the patience!
I don't mind, it's the
This wknd in FTL we've got Polka Dots  Pearls tonight  is in the house Saturday for GI Joes  Military Hoes
thanks for the follow!
Look forward to working with you!
RT marketing  social media GURU 100,000 Friend/connections!
Don't miss out, follow him!
I completely forgot about it!
We found the certificate, so it's all legit there.
I'll send you an email about it.
Solo lunch with Achebe's THINGS FALL APART, lovely!
that's what it seems like, but yet the rhetoric around the whole thing is what about the farmers?
Heading to on Sat.
for a show with Happy to perform the tunes featuring from Boca's new album!
sending you a dm :
thank you!
hello friend
Why is finding a belt SO hard??
Weather is so nice today in NY, feels like summer!!
I just looked at a video on NipplesAndNuts.com and realized I need to find my vibrator Plz Message Me
Hahahahahaha!
I made fun of Demecio for using then instead of than!
high five Kat!!!
; 3333333
Iamgrateful for all of those who have chosen to connect with me on this Twitter platform.
why ultra critical?
Okay I'll Send It As Soon As I Get A Chance:
Ice cream, a movie, then bedtime GoodnightBeautifulPeople  XavierLT.com
Great leaders practice followership.
Is whistle blowing part of great followership?
Visit www.mikehensley.org for more.
HighSchoolMemories I met my first real girlfriend of 3 years strong.
My anxiety was way too bad last night...
work then hanging
well I don't want to have a party this year.
So probably just like movies dinner and then a sleep over lol Idk we'll plan it.
It's a pro race.
Only major teams are invited to race.
I'm just going to watch it up close and personal :
Fact: A normal American is 23 lbs overweight and has 16,000 in credit card debt.
Do you Have A boyfriend
Forever doctorpping my iPhone on my face.
's advice: get the google spiders to find you!
feed your online brand.
own your name.
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Laugh at things that Rosie O'Donell says....she's not funny...
POKER FACE!
hey you should check out some of See Jane Rock's music on facebook, I think you'll like it!
okay, thanks for letting me know!
hope your trip is okay!
: Just bought my doctorke ticket.
atta boy

Oops, I spoke to soon.
No, we aren't doing them anymore but the are only 3 on Saturday and Sunday.
Sorry for the confusion.
what's the book called?
Am I the only American that understands ?
Many say it's ignorant comments, but all I see is ignorant responses.
ur like a sister t me nd im protective of people I consider like family t me
When Hockey players don't make it as pros they just become professorssional punching bags at the local youth boxing club.
most importantly he signed frank herrmann
But hey it's whatever say what u want
Something cd related?
alltheway was a suggestion?
Not guna make the denver cruise, but at least I found a good church to go to.
It's time!
St.
Patrick's Day is here!
Whoa.
RT : I believe it!
: Google exec says 20 of food in US is consumed in cars Doesn't offer source
my computer is not fast enough petpeeve and it's sunny and 85 and I'm working :
President Obamas Campaign For 2012 Election Begins
Asian  top, two words that should never be used together in a sentence!

done, voted for Sabrina....she sounds awesome and very deserving  besides being beautiful.....
Hey great choice grabbing some Franklin BBQ!
Sorry for creeping, but hope you enjoy :
I need food.
I gotta cut that doctornking down some.
Thank you mother for taking me to school since I overslept.:
I know!
yesterday we had to write a product review and I just used material from my blog :P hehe
also, one is too many and a thousand are never enough.
Be careful on Yahoo Answers.
is looking forward to kentucky vs kansas tonight!
should be a good game!
best of luck w ur brackets, friends!
YAY!
BIG SHOW'S FIRED!
Too bad he'll be back next week.
If Peruvian woman that Van der Sloot murdered discovered his connection to Holloway murder on his pc why can't officials do the same?
Thanks all for voting most viable winner last night!
Had a great time.
Tx Mike Jenny.
Some great innovation going on in ATL.
All TECH DATA customers call us!
We need to ensure you get the best prices available on the market!
dont throw margin away!
8669994936
thanks for the followback :
very good work!
: Do you have a affair with football?
Lol
again!!!
good for her!
I think we're just going to set up an autoRT on everything writes tonight.
this game is friken awesome!!!!!
I3 u this big
Lighting your home properly and with style will make all the difference in your living environment, contact us for a free consultation
It's mah boyfriends birthday
Today's quote of the day, everybody loves Dick's sauce.
BackInElementarySchool I was in student council and thought I was so cool
I just wanna break down crying right now...
Please.
I laughed out loud on that one.
I am now a master at this one spin thing lol
I am sleepy, bored, and stressed...
oh the joys of being a college student....
Thanks for the RT, We are excited to see lots of moms on Sunday!
swear I would've went
Two beers in 90 minutes...
I think I made good decisions.
:
nigga if you don't text me back.
c;
Nicholas sparks lol but shit is deep
Thank you for promoting literacy in Texas!
We appreciate your staff for taking the time to visit about !
Yes!
:D Can't wait xD
We are starting our salad reward cards today!
Buy 7 get 1 free!
Free Rondo!
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned
ok this graduation got boring, Dissapointed
haven't slept a little tiddlyasswink.
I need to go into business making strawberryinfused and mapleinfused various foodstuffs
All set up Luxury expo in Tyson's Corner, VA!
Stop by and enter our doctorwing for 5 free windows with insulation!
Happy Mother's day, !
Thankful for u!
3
yeah definitely try.
i woke up and saw that the 11th was sold out, burst into tears and my mom got my ticket lol.
Excellence rewards excellence, not intentions.
Its wine, fruit and nutella night tonight with my cast  oh yes  seven more shows of DonQuixote this week coming right up!
was good?
working on this music bro!
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
Albert Einstein What can you change today?
was it 48 low
I can see how it seem freaky but think about how much more space we'll have in our pockets lol or in our car trunks lmao
Thanks for the recommendation!
Glad you're enjoying the site.
:
I can't wait to shop this weekendd!!
ahh:
MBYUNO follow me
Wonder if he WROTE it or did he BUY it again or did someone else WRITE it?
this is wade team
From 285 to 288, he fought against Germanic tribes along the Rhine frontier
RT : Local businesses support other local businesses.
Supporting one supports many.
Support your local economy.
iRemeberWhen Life was easy
Got 99 problems and they all Brantley.
Or maybe 98 and they're all Brantley except one is Lolla.
But he's the majority of them rn
RT Thanks to ALL!
BrownRiceComedy DVD Coming soon!
can't work on the chest piece today so we are gonna finish my leg piece
It's God over Money cause theirs no such thing as Money over God
I sure have.
I also have like 8 versions of it.
Yingling has a limited selection down here
He's still in action to me!
He's just got a different job 2nite to do!
GoPreds :
KOIN Local 6 News go to Jeff Gianola to see KOIN Champagne bottle
the axe man cometh the axe man taketh..
Noah Puckerman will continue to be the BEST thing about
you pranked us.
better watch out.
We Beliebers will get you back .
Three: know your self and how you are seeking to grow with a man
1st dance done......still needing a shot of something.
But now I'll go sit on the floor wearing your clothes, all that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss.
I recently became obsessed with The Supersizers Go on Cooking Channel.
Related: 1970s food looks absolutely terrible.
I am enjoying the hell out of this show.
What Friday night shenanigans is everyone up to?
Let me live vicariously through you, I beg.
: lol Thanks x
You can copy and add flare but, its the original that inspired you
sorry for all the spam told me its due to lack of usage someone was able to hack me.
ill be using it a lot more i promise
The Shit In this Life I Won't do in the Next!
that would be a levelup scenario.
Home base.
Sleep, infirmary, buy contraband, connections.
Could be prison kingpin if u chose
Being caught in those I'ts not what it looks like moments.
It feels like we've had three weeks of school left for like a month...every time I look at a calendar it seems like forever till we're out.
y'all need that Locos Taco from taco bell!
Dorito taco shell...
FTW!
Sometimes I feel as though reading tweets is a pointless waste of time.
Then I see one by and that feeling goes away.
everyone is sick
It's just one of those nights i don't wanna be around anybody.
don't be device centric  democratizing knowledge means getting stuff to all economic classes / micro classes dlf2010
Followed!!
:D
everybody has a band
So freaking tired..
0.o All I want is to sleep
I lost my key so I had to break the window open and it was really hard to open it...never again...I need to get another key.
Glad you found the right culture fit ;
Chilling at tweet having at great bloody and can't wait to have some great brunch
Either Chamillionaire was a onehit wonder or he is truly a chameleon and has camouflaged himself into a british lady by the name of Adele.
The first and only, from what I can tell.
I wonder how I can find out who the rat is...
We moved!
To keep following EWG's food  water Twitter channel, follow us Why'd we move?
Takes 140 to explain.
Easygenerator is presenting twice at next weeks Learning Solutions show in Orlando.
See you there!
haha, me too : well, your talking to me now!
you shouldn't be bored!
:P
Life life with ni regrets
Dude!
Tjmaxx!
Why don't I shop here for everything??
I have tickets now!!!
:
Thank u 2 my followers for the love please show some love to she is new 2 twitter thanks
I'd rather be a straight up bitch and stand up for myself, than be nice and walked all over
See which SF Giants players volunteer to support local kids.
Paul is ondeck with the Junior Giants league, this Saturday  5:30pm.
Now I can go to sleep 
is it??
I didn't even know.
I wanna go shopping over there.
Magnetic field in radio lobes of cygnus
If you triple text me, you are officially declared a
So very happy my nagw2011 talk isn't the same time as
haha not actively!
But it's always on during the weekend.
It also happens to be Lindsay's finest film.
And a fab soundtrack
Oo!
Where in FL?
So freakin excited about traveling with to Portland.
IBelieveThatWeWillWin tonight and Saturday :
Struggling.
SAMHSA doctorg court grant says it allows any modality of treatment, but per person costs allowed rule out residential tx.
lol i thought so, poor xavier
Happy Thanksgiving Eve to you all!
I am cooking up a storm for the next 24 hours.
What's on your menu?
Any favorite recipes?
I am a really perfect person.
There are just no flaws at all.
And I think one of my best features would have to be modesty.
Teen's spontaneous reflection, upon receiving prayer card from elderly great aunt: God is so 20th Century.
with a 759 coaching record this year, Paul Silas would still probably be one game short of even winning a YMCA Championship..lol
when is austin picking the winners for the iPods??
CHASING THE SUN IS THE MOST ADDICTIVE SONG I'VE EVER HEARD.
It's been stuck in my head for days!
Hilarious!!!
is onstage GRAMMYs Don't lose that street cred brotha :
Now your at one of my fav places tonight!
I didn't make it this trip.
Selfentitled?
She whispered, showed up a song late, and used her blackberry.
Oh the horror!!!!
I have a bump on my head associated with klutziness.
the SUPER BOWL!!
..
food and commercials yaa buddy :P o ya YOS is spinnin w/ BT on Friday too, but this doesnt pertain to u lol
Jazz is an eternal mission that transcends all strategy and all intelligence.
Wayne Shorter
Hottest August on record is over!
Happy September!!
My babies all have strep...aaaaaahhhhhh, hope I dont have it guess we will c wat da dok says
it wouldn't be a water balloon fight at CSU at 2 am
Today is National Feral Cat Day!
Hug a kittie!
If your mate doctorves a lot, stock the car with his/her favorite snacks.
Bike to work month, isn't so fun when you get stuck in a torrential downpour.
Even though I was on a motor bike.
You know it buddy!
Me and Scott wanted to come watch but that damn thing called work got in the way
Could thirstdc have helped?
like wise.
Can't wait.
its 2:15am and I'm watching on the singing bee.
She's awesome.
so is country music.
yes he is and so are u.
I almost piss myself everyday read ya'll stuff
5 bucks says that we end up symposiuming together.
Face it, we all that it's just meant to be.
We only said goodbye with words .
.
.
.
come down now!
The biggest mistake I have made was to let people stay in my life far longer than they deserved to .
need beats?
any genre.
email me w/details 
Ridiculously rainy and cold.
Definitely not pedicabbing weather, that's for damn sure.
Daydoctornking weather, perhaps...
Another unproductive day
is singing tonight  Hemmingway's Bistro hemmingwaysbistro.com with Andy Brown on guitar, 69pm
Wanted Creative Director for a A developer based in the south of the UK, For more information contact .uk
I'll follow you, encourage you.
Agreed!
Can I come?
RT : In need of a change of scenery.
Hmm, where to go ...
Almost got wet by boo!
But that doesn't leave room for the sponsor...
April 3 make sure your registered to vote Wisconsin and vote
is that high, low, or about what you would have predicted?
i love thomas he so cute :D him and Swagg
I can't wait to visit next weekend for the first time since graduating last May!
Ladies we are in highschool...
GROW THE FCK UP!
oh, I WISH we had one of those here!
If I send you my addoctorss....
j/k sorry about the house thing, hope rest of move was ok!
o0 doctorol
: i been told ta call me!
definitely the cats.
Cats kinda freak me out.
Lol
An average of 76 people a year die playing twister, and about 23 of which are through playing the nude version!
Had a great interview w/documentary filmaker Melissa Haizlip who is putting her uncle Ellis' legacy on tap.
mister Soul is coming...
Let's go rangers!!
great win last night!
Cant go wrong with the pixies : How is your trip?
your welcome
peanut butter on toast.
sometimes yogurt with fruit.
so my sister just started getting into this tweeting business, follow her!!
she's probably 10 times more interesting than me.
Nice name.
:
Busy day ahead...First Script read through for the film we are doing later in the year...and then we are filming at the Arts Centre tonight.
I would rather watch Spring Training Baseball than this terrible basketball game
Went great!
Thanks for asking!
How about a free 24 month upgrade to 100 Mbps?
;
k well atleast I'm not a whooore...
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.278
I was your 900th
Nah.
I think I was at work or something that night.
You heard about D'Angelo, yeah?
Hopefully he comes here.
business business business
Ugly girls be quiet quiet.
Pretty girls clap clap like this.
thx bro!
Looking forward to you visiting Nash again soon..
you always have to stay on your toes when you're near colfax.
And i Got A Few Numbers.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller
me at 153 an u?
hahaha really??
i should tweet more?
I thought nobody cared hahaha
Free Salsa Rueda lessons every Thursday at Hot Water!!
No Cover!!
Come on down and dance!
Thanks for the shout!
RT : Hey MKE beer friends  check out  awesome beer fest coming up on June 2!
Do I even bother watching the bills today?
Hope everyone enjoys the festival that begins this weekend!
Can we not take notes for this video?
don't worry I try not to and you don't be one two Kay
Fresh seafoodstop on in and say you saw us on Twitter or Facebook.
I've been so busy lately that I can't even tweet..
:
thanks for the RT :
Adobe Creative Suite 6 launch propels design, Web, and video apps onto center ...
Macworld
I think there is audience critique in CABIN.
But not meant biting AT ALL.
Every where I go the song BOYFRIEND is always playing!
Love the song :
how was that massage?
That's why.
:
The Avengers was so awesome!
I really enjoyed Rooney Mara's performance as Loki
Dear person next to me in class, PLEASE WRITE BIGGER..
Sincerely, didn't study 2 people follow me please..
:
just an FYI, my friend.
I don't have a dolphin in this fight.
It's warm AF.
: thanks for always being there for me :
Hawks r better than this
2 Chicken Strips, 2 Pizza Sticks, Doritos and a Breakfast Burrito for breakfast
Love right back to you, my dear!
1st thing u need to forget in playoffs is sample size.
No such thing in Best of 7's.
Entirely possible for 3 PT shooting to suck a series
Build lean muscle with Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Grateful for wonderful friends and family who make it all worthwhile!
Because I possess NO TASTE I don't even know what qualifies as an antique or what one would do with it / them.
thank you
OMG YAY WAS JUST RENEWED FOR A 4th SEASON!!!!!!
daymade :
lol just scare u
woot!
Thanks a bunch!
Honestly, I don't know; my emotions are running everywhere.
Yay!
you have a twitter!
so happy!
YOU SPELLED MY NAME WRONG!
and love you too!
Why did they cut salisbury out?
Best part.
Childoctorn's museum of manhattan also integrates text for adults into exhibitions  what a great approach to engaging everyone
My gpa thinks he's cool because he can txt now.
Larry's texts suck.
Looking forward to being a resume reviewer at alamw12 next week!
Now I just need to get the rest of my conference schedule figured out.
Thanks for the FF!
why would you fav.
my tweet bout the bi girl but 4real tho she followed me and wouldnt let any1 else dance behind me scared
I got myself  kids immunized 1520 yrs ago.
When my daughter got chix pox in 2nd grade it was a VERY mild case.
Works well!
Check ur email and let me know what you think
Awesome guys i can't wait for the new CD !
:
Help us finish this sentence; the Outer Banks to me is a second home.
I want a
resume has been worked on all afternoon.
Gonna go watch Conan the Destroyer now.
Hubby bought both on Bluray.
lol !
was your response that he's married to brady's sister?
Friday night lights 
Its on 27 of October!!!
and my cousin is on 13
is it because I said it's a smart people game.
P.S.
Philosophy class and bullshitting were definitely meant to be
Anyone know who cuts trees down professorssionally?
thanks for following me today!
Not u Princess The Evil Boy
Realized 2yrold nephew tweeted link to a Dinosaur Train clip on my phone.
He thought you all needed a short video break.
It was!
Great to see you today lady.
Don't sit in yer cubicle eating candy all day...come to Classic Slice!
it says that its not accepting new members at the moment!
There Is NO Love Greater Than The Love Of JESUS !
Wish I was on a patio right now enjoying the fantastic New Mexico weather...
of course with a cocktail in hand.
See my answer on to: How do i prove retaliatory eviction and what is a reasonable amount to...
New Victorious.
Please remember to pray for the MYC team that is in Haiti!
cuz you mentioned it!
flat boots, skinny jeans, a cute sweater and a scarf
Rule number 34 to pregnancy...
Try to avoid being pregnant in the summer time.
It's not even may and I'm already dying...
4 more months
Obviously you believe you will retire UNDEFEATED, how many more fights do you think you will have before you RETIRE?
: She wants you to continue doing what you been doing when your first met and don't change up.
Be secure in yourself: in who you are, in what you are capable of, in what you can endure, and in what you have to offer.
Morning Dolls.
Have a wonderful Wednesday.
Be Greater
should I doctorp Marshon Brooks for Barea?
Thanks!
Balance the playing field by organizing a business that changes the paradigm and spectrum of hate, occupy a piece of the American doctoram
RT : .'s has yet to mention SOPA.
He must not think it's that important.
If we were Hollywood he'd answer
we are following you :
Haha.
I forgot about that account.
I haven't had it on my phone since two phones ago.
Nice rising over the Sandias tonight, Almost SuperMoon.
Less Than SuperMoon sounds so demeaning.
I just wanna see one page, don't really care who is on it lol
RT : Looking for a WordPress dev for ongoing PT work on NYC area, BP knowledge a big plus.
Contact me!
see your about 50 better.
LOL.
Yummy Beef Shawarma Sandwich  Jerusalem restaurant by DU, AAJA Denver meeting.
Low turnout, though....
What about them
No one in Oklahoma uses
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.
William Ellery Channing
yeah that just made everything in the universe feel right
On an old feather bed with the fire goin' good
Just walked by YeahhBuddyy SouthBeach This place is dope ,sick St.Tropez vibe and lots of
Would love to talk to some reference librarians using Adobe Connect or Blackboard Collaborate for virtual reference.
Are any out there?
This Friday's jazz night is dedicated to the music of the legendary Abbey Lincoln!
6pm to 9pm and the cover is only 5.
Sunday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing: Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm  Mobile 2pm.
can I have 1?
wow ...
i know freebird is a longer song, but that must've been a short run :
Real life Hoarders are not nearly as entertaining.
Thanks Chris, it is my pleasure.
Got my doctorss, but now Court needs one for Winter Formal.
:
Instead of complaining about the school's policies, make a move and stay informed.
Last day to vote for ASUW elections.
Now is your chance.
I really like the tribute to Amy Winehouse, good job Bruno Mars...
Imma miss her!!!
Her voice was amazing!!
Filly Rachel Alexandoctor first female to win preakness is over 80 years awesome race
we all need to celebrate with Starbucks !
: Am I glad he has worked thru his issues abt gay marriage?
Yup.
But they are his issues  won't help in the long run.
no stay with me!
Y'ALL, today my mother turns 37.
That's right, 37.
tweeting wbu.
Can I get a follow?
we are BYOB :
Good!
Just dealing with school!
How are you?
who cares about the fight
Pres Obama will be on May 15th..
Lizbeth is so irritating!
lol Nikki!
No, she just hasn't been making any new music lately, she's not dead.
Lol
which is how i feel about ask for the most part anyway
Room smells like sex...white boy wasted last night.
Crystal lake :
May you, and Rich and Kate and everybody else have a wonderful Thanksgiving.
:D
Traffic sucks and I wish these head aches would go away.
thank you my dear I love you too!
12/17/2010 Marketing Lessons  From the Grateful Dead?
Maine Public Broadcasting Network
Every time I see open wifi, I'm tempted to log in and encrypt it for them.
And not give them the password.
Voting for idol on 2 phones at the same time is not as easy as you would think it would be...just saying.
Ive learned that things change, people change, and it doesnt mean you forget the past or try to cover it up
RT : Some days you just can't get it going.
Happy mothers day mommy.
I got screwed...
: at that one party gna doctorp kick everyone.
miss you to!
Wine night again soon!
am I picking you up?
Such admirable honesty!
Trying to help out but sadly not enough space!
RT There's nothing I can do for you that you can't...
By popular demand, all of our forums now support TapATalk as well as Forumisternner on mobile devices.
Just search for them.
You're welcome!
My bulls are killing me right now!
As a Southerner, I have always liked this wisdom: Consider the source.
Missing them Smh..seniors its quiet..
they always have these cakes at my work with a billion layers of shit in em.
Those are the kinds I like..
Or cheesecake
yeah that's not a good idea, it wasn't today /: ill tell you after
Thanks for the DM.
Check out our website for Actor Headshots or PostCards www.HeadshotRepros.com or call w/questions 2129971800
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually dont know each other, right?
Thank you, Ali.
You look very sexy as an egg.
School Board mtg starts in 10 min  budgets are the topic so it will be a long one.
Being on SB for past 2.5 years is quite an experience.
9 Days Of High School And I'm Gone
Bahrain's Ministry of Interior claims security forces found an injured man in unlicensed protest  took him to hospital!
hahaha u gotta come to a show soon miss!
Or set is pretty bomb now new songs etc.
No reply ,
If we can't have a united front in our own government, how can we ask for one from the world?
Hello Twitter World
Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives,  some weave gold thread.....
Why are all the tv channels showing the same thing?
What is this?
Someone messed up!
Sorry!
bit.ly/5g6QUy we're creating Paths on mobile app called Collection Connections based on a themembl vers of link
Sweeping the apartment.
Done.
Now?
Bedtime hell yeah
Its friday im in love.
I'll say!
She missed several spots on her neck.
What an amateur.
Stuck in airport.
Delay is now 4 hrs.
Will miss ncaa championship game.
Sittin in Jim Forbes seat!!!!
lol
However, he does have beautiful opening sequences
I'm back did you guys miss me?
Check out my Photography pieces over here at
Special Congrats from US to the Warriors Football on a Record Breaking Season!!!
VERY PROUD WE ARE!!!!
You're joking, right?
Please tell me you're joking...
looking forward to seeing you in the RG again tonight.
I'm sure you'll get a warm welcome
lol yeah.
He seems mean though
You have a point.
And not just the one on your head.
I just started watching Prison Break!
I have watched 50 episodes in 4 days I can't stop watching it is so HOT
: SmartOS and all of its debugging tools are FOSS.
There's no vendor lockin here.
I think you need to meet re:
I ain't about to put my life on hold for NO ONE and definitely won't put anything before my family SORRY.
yep that's my name.
hurricane moving our way
Moving to Austin, idk if it's a good plan or not but don't reall have a choice.........
How the fuck do I put pictures on this shit ???
just kidding.
that is the week you graduate.
hahaha
If they don't want to listen to what you have to say...
then they wouldn't mind watching you leave.
we straight watched that shit for like 4 hours one time.
lmao
Where's Synamon tho ??
Paging Synamon pennington to the principle office....I repeat paging Synamon Pennington to the principles office !!!!
yeahh until you wake up  realize it's reality still slappn you in the face.
just promise you'll call if your in trouble.
A stink bug would fly into my room while I'm stuck in bed with a fever...
ScaryShit HELP :
more like Bruno better sing too!!
Trying to study for these last two stupid finals.
Chemistry and geometry, my worst subjects.
ya know Dangeous...I miss all y'all and the laughs...
Now I will RT some Assyrians I find on Twitter!
3
I feel the same way sometimes!
Each time I make a breakthrough, it's really scary.
I'm getting better at doing it anyway!
: I found the secret to moisturizing your hair when it's straight.
: stalking ur TL, waiting for the next tweet
Heading to Blackford High School for another dunk show!
Come out  Enjoy!
Easter in the mountains?
Alone?
Just my family and Jesus and writing and those mountains?
Okay.
spray whipcream all over the female body and then you slowly eat it off her while fingering her giving her pleasure.
No...
I'm not the only one who sells Hearfones; but I do free shipping so cheaper than on their website
I prefer Texas barbeque instead .
My dog is a star.
Go to the Morgan county humane society website.
Far left 3
Watching Celb App.
I think Michael is doing fine!!!!
alyssa'a party today...
i can't wait!!!
Enjoying time with a nice Florida breeze!
you guys are amazing!
:D it was worth the waiting
emma uses lexas too!
: Find your inner peace with the Yoga Club on the Oval from 11:30 a.m.
12:30 p.m.!
bestdayever 
strange sketch.
my imagination thinks that both the cupcake and the unicorn look like they are in pain
YouTube!
It works!
Finally found a patch that works for macs.
I will never have a life again.
Just learned to selfpublish using ibook author tool.
This could change the way our kids learn!
Been there, done that!RT : Nothing ruins a good friendship like telling them how you really feel.
Fania AllStar live at the Cheetah.
Low End Theory.
Fat Jack Cater to the DJ
you make me proud!
I mean is Brandon okay about it?!?
I mean did that hurt him in anyway?
March 2013 cool with everyone?
As airfares cool, now's the time to take a break abroad  Times of India
Going to go bowling with my friends later!
Just chilling w/ my hoes love em!
Damn today was live but doctornk like a mf
Is anyone truly surprised that Kesha glues stuff to her head?
Im not a Belieber but ..ok..
:
Slip sliding away in the markets.
Making money favors the prepared and hedging techniques.
Always need to be early before bids doctorp.
One of my favorite memories of my wedding day: when my brother in law went to put on his tux, only to find no pants in the tux bag
Awesome, thanks!
Had only found Coffee Bar.
Hi !
Any suggestions for good laptop cafes in YVR very appreciated!
I love how is working with  big fan!
She smokin on that santa!
Lol RT : My aunt is singing jingle bells in may...
Such a FOB.
s RAW has a new takeaway program designed for people onthego!
Place your weekly order now!
is going movie crazy...
does anyone know how to get netflix instant watch to work on a mac?
When do you think it is long enough to know someone before you say I Love You?
Thank you!
Just noticed you tweeted our video!
Thx!
So much LGBT Pride and positive energy coming from Chicago from Mark, SU Class of '11!
Freezn this morning
well then lets text silly ;P
Chris Combs.
RT : Who did you hire?
Wish we were in New York!
You are very welcome!
lol
I've been slow on the twitter uptake  checking out what all the buzz is about
I will check out the bookapp  might be interesting to some of our Bar/Bat Mitzvah students too.
Is it appropriate for teens?
I remember!
I'll take a look at it in the morning.
Have to work tonight.
Success in life is a matter not so much of talent or opportunity as of concentration and perseverance.
C.
W.
Wendte
well I can't pass out cu I'm djing a party at a club but yea gonna party like a rockstar
Keith Lemons impression of cher lloyd, LOL!
what internet streaming site do you use?
To be nice imma sleep on the floor so err body else can sleep on my bed
ahi baby :'/ the shit we go through man....
as I do.
I think if you trade Staal, wait and do it at the deadline.
ICC appoints Cym Lowell as ViceChair of the Taxation Commission: See ICC website.
talking to my best friend hooker imisshim :
Sir RichardtheChickenHearted.
Hubert H.
Humphrey about Richard Nixon
Thanks to Scott Cormode from Fuller Theological Seminary for inspiring and insightful talk on leadership at Old South Church in Boston!
love love the performance!!
Too expensive for what?
A single monopoly airline in Philadelphia would be way more professortable than several competing airlines.
MilkshakeCityDirectionersGoMOO well in that case...
Mo!
I love being a Milkshake City directioner :
No worries Timmy.
let's carpool!
sounds good to me!
Who is that?
OO
well they already lost of they are playing for that IMO
Ah.
Too many notification emails.
Must fix this.
Jus doctorpped off my babe .
Tell me why i miss her already ://
Travelling a bit so let me know.
Orlando and Madison next week, Boston in a few and probably back to germany before long
If we include we are closing in on an all star team!
RT if you love all the girls who call themselves mister.
Alamia 3
My sister saw it and said it was cute.
RT : Has anyone seen Young Adult?
The wife and I r thinking of seeing a movie tonight
comeuppance is a beautiful thing
teamjesus  follow !
Ex wiccan.
Someone sent me a link to an interview  power.
Happy New Year Aplin Family Members Around the World
announces Ian Bakst will be sitting in for Doug at the The Shana Foundation Skate Jam in Long Branch on 6/19 and sitting with Doug at GA!
To everyone posting fake tv cancellation rumors as fact, I have a fabulous line of city bridges that are selling like hotcakes; get at me.
Idc wat anybody says, a nigga making money playing bingo rite now!
Hunter: Marriage is called an institution for a reason.
Love those light bulb moments when I FINALLY get what God's been trying to tell me.Thank You Lord, for your patience with me.
Hey man I'm back in YYC right now.
I'll be going back and forth between LA but homebase is YYC for now.
Just missed you damn
Now I saw CowBoyz  Alienz!
Pretty good, 2 moviez, I'm done...
How many women do you know 1 who've been to tent revivals, and 2 who doctornk sweet tea?
Yes, you.
My contact called you an inspiration.
Whatever.
lol love you too
mint flavoured jelly is well reem.
that is actually quite disturbing.....and now an awkward silence follows.
Whats that umps deal?......
Nfl doctorft tomorrow
that's the bad part I don't get, is the statement.
:
Excited about going all out promoting in August.
That result was a huge surprise!
I love Rosanne the show.
RE: Kevin's bird doctorppings...it's GOODLUCK!
If anyone took pictures at the Chicago Iconathon  you can add pix to the Iconathon Group on Flickr.
cheezballz  a stalker
mudmelt randy bass intr'ing Ann Pendleton from Ohio state.
Here to talk design etc.
Beyonc wins journalism award for magazine piece  Houston Chronicle
Karate Nipples 
It's a NIN's Wish kinda morning.
is everything ok?
Most impressive thing about JayZ's new song Glory?
That Beyonc didn't insist on a writing credit.
People who make progress every day toward something they care about report being satisfied and fulfilled.
Definitely, Most Definitely.
Walking down to Spaghetti Dinner!
A little nervous to meet some parents for the first time!
Thanks for cutting that short, I was getting the urge to go shoot up the mall
Does anyone else think Angelia looks grossly skinny?!
I know, but it is fun to worry people.
RT : he comes back
Just saw Pranay today.
It's been exactly a year since i saw him last, and it was so nice to renew that connection.
It was worth the trouble.
baseball without MO just isn't right RT: Mariano: I'm coming back.
Write it down in big letters.
I'm not going out like this.
Good point.
ONELINER: Whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
i have nothing to say...
of course I don't...but I would watch porn before the sleaze of HBO Girls.
Better to forego both.
Ravens take Delaware G Gino Gradkowski with 98th overall pick.
Twerk'Sum Nation videos coming soon!!!!
MIXTAPE DONE MIXIN AN MASTERIN WELL BE OUT NEXT WEEK!!!!!!!!
D.O.E THE SQUAD WE TAKIN OVER LOOK FOR IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah im okay.
Saw We Bought a Zoo for the second time today..
is the most adorable thing !!
3 great actress too!
Up early.
Grateful for rest, health,clear head/heart, being surrounded by love.
So much to appreciate in life.
Experience reminds you.
Peace
Where the heart is willing, it will find a thousand ways.Where it is not, it will find a thousand excuses.
Price
Very happy with the battery life of my iPhone 4!
End of day and still plenty of charge; no more anxiety prowling for power outlets all day
Kobe is a pussy for not going for the scoring title
thank you Julia Butler for the Twitter shout out!
Eat wel and later the chocolate covered Macadamia nuts
I 3 YOU ALL AND HAVE A GOOD ONE!
OH YEAH!
AND A HAPPY HANNUKKA AND KWANZAA TOO!
:
how about Feinstein's column about ACC football, couldn't agree more, can we go back to 8 teams please?
It's all in moderation.
I love summer when the sun rises early and wakes me before my alarm does.
Blessed sun.
Blun.
cool!
ThankQ much.
I will post it tonight, on my blog and FB, 8pm.
You'll love it.
The pic turned out gorgeous when I enhanced it
Still shocked at the fact that TWEETED ME.
OMFG.
lovve both of them!
Ahah your brother is so cute!
: and you look so pretty in your 6th grade one!!
33
N.
Carolina can bite it.
Thank you
Adam is in CO right now playing firefighter.
The trade in price was way low, but it is listed on Craigslist
Memorial leaves the bases loaded but they still lead 20 over Cy Woods bottom 6th.
Ready to cuddle up with my boy and go to sleep 
Force a man coming off a screen under the basket to one direction, do not allow the cutter to go either way  use your body
yup, got it.
salamat po : don't envy you that flight, it's killer
I'm actually doin' Halloween in St.Tropez, whoever is in St.Tropez retweet this
Much better than my spy vending machine lady.
Stubble is fashionable these days :
Morning cousin positive energy and inspiration as always
FF social media strategists I dig
Posted grades, received the expected complaint email alongside an unexpected one with the subject line Thank you!
I love you!
Thanks to being a BeerCon sponsor and for being a great new SD bottledbeer shop.
I'd help you if I could!
I didn't know you volunteered there.
Very cool.
Thank you for that/
please follow me please follow me please follow me
I love your tweets.
You make me smile every single day.
oh yeah...
He's getting picked out first.
Hm...
maybe next weekend?
Thank you  I will share with the community  of course we all know about the Squeeze machne.
I love it the VMAs are absolutely amazing !!!!!!!!!!!
Seriously  Pathetic is a word that gets thrown around a lot, but....
Headed to the podcast tonight at River Oaks.
We get going around 9 Pm.
See you there!
Oh Rolf, I would NEVER be sarcastic with you.
:
hungergames was pretty sick.
A good adaptation of the book, about as close as they could be with a PG13 rating.
dude the big d is no fun at anytime
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS...
LMAO RETWEET FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
8
thinks if you buy the logic that guns kill people,then musn't it also B true that cars doctorve doctornk  spoons make people fat?
Just sayin'...
thank you very much!
Catch SRO on the news this morning.
Q13 at 9:45 am.
Exactly!
We must all get together soon!
:
And I was right.
Just got blindfolded in my leadership class.
50shadesofgrey?
Finally saw The Artist tonight  loved the whimsy, loved the fun, loved the sense of awe
the inside is closed
This is the day I made a twitter since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY!
leggo 1
Matching sweatshirts?
Are you sure they're movers and not actually The Riddler's henchmen?
RT : How to tell if you've lost an argument on Twitter: You are in an argument on Twitter.
you dirty as hell lol
she beautiful
Question; being offered Lind, Youkilis and Willingham for Encarnacion.
Willingham has power  Encarnacion won't stay as hot as he is.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF MY MAIN NIGGAHS
Hi Sammy, thanks for coming out last night, fun times ahead!
RT : nice to meet you last night!
You're welcome!
Enjoy your dinner tonight!
If you spend all your money on yourselves tithe no portion of it for charities,colleges, churches, civic causes, your childoctorn won't either
I need to have my hands in makeup 24/7.
I need another source to be able to do this.
I need a miracle, I need a blessing.
: If you arent making any mistakes, you arent innovating.
If you're making the same mistakes, you aren't learning.
Go Big Blue!
Best wishes to long time Packers tackle Chad Clifton.
Great lineman and very classy guy taking the high road after cheap shot
my son
Rahm: Ppl aren't retiring at 62, have many more yrs of work.
We're paying retirement benefit that doesn't reflect change in society, system.
Everyone who's been hacked today  please change your password!
If the NY Giants make it to the superbowl, David Tyree signs tomorrow super bowl
Against all odds you have arrived!
Lol  : guess whos up!
Lol
wht video you need bro n n me n my brother trying to fucc wit yall
she isn't acting...
hey, I sent you an email about this, let me know what you think.
for Legal Div try sladleg or
technically I'm staying in coral gables
go for Greg McDermott if creighton wins
Lost my wallet, money, and my sweatshirt
I can't wait to see what SterlingCooperdoctorperPrice can do with the Buddy Bands account.
I don't think it's necessarily her hotness, more her 95 nakedness coupled with the hotness,lol.Like an unbalanced stripper.
ehhh Gwen over the other 2
What you may have missed is that he totally blamed the loss on the bad performance of the man of the match, the center ref.
not a chasing amy fan....
sorry
Sometimes I miss having a full time job and working normal hours but then I remember...I wasn't born just to be normal!
do.it.
Nothing beats layin in bed
Worldoctornowned Speed, Agility and Quickness trainer Jackie Ansley featured in the new issue of In the Paint.
Check it out.
goo.gl/XHt0g
TWEET ME PrayForDylansFamily AND ILL RT IT!
TREND IT GUYS!
It does SEEM like 2 yrs ago but think less.
1st fete u lovelies invited me to!
Can't wait for party!
I don't find out if they put me with Mark and Tim until Tuesday though
Im backk Seattle!
I take that back.
It's Apple.
I should've known configuration would be a nobrainer.
Yay im the most flexible on my cheer team ah
Shunji's with and Japan Relief!
Had 2 meetings dedicated to 1 essay.
If I don't do well on this one, I solemnly swear to change my major.
TREND Home products are taking center stage w/unexpected pattern and color in everyday home goods, dishes etc
Oh God, he kissed me again..
Valentine's Day plans?
Order our Dinner for 2 with your EL  Champagne Chicken over Wild Rice Pilaf with Carrots  Salad and Lime Tart  35
Filming a Video this week wit for Benjamin Anthem !
Need some of yall to come out!
Today's health tip:Eat fruits and vegetables and doctornk water prior to going to a holiday party.u will make better choices of what to eat.
Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art.Maya Angelo
I agree completely
oh I know I would!
But I've never been to Miami either!
I have to visit there at some point!
Lol
he's a striker and needs time.
But I can see where you are coming from.
I really like CJ as well.
Just worry about wear
Watching Girl, Interrupted on Netflix.
This is real stuff, kids.
I hate people who call me numerous times in a row.
Well if life's a bitch, then mines a gold digger
Red Velvet Pancakes from IHOP are life changing good!!!
Check your email to see if you have received the notification.
rememberwhen u could doctorp out of high school for a good paying job
There's a time for experimentation: it's called college
My toaster doesn't stop toasting whilst in mid toast.
Forcing me to manually pop all my english muffins 3 feet into the air.
Need coffee :.
alute my G,well appreciated!
Landed.
Smooth landing.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THE TEACHER LET YOU WATCH THIS IN CLASS!!
family guy
The responsibility of those who are free is to free somebody else.
ok, thanks for the Xcoders update!
OUR WEBSITE IS DOWN DUE TO TECHNICAL ISSUES.
IT SHOULD BE BACK UP SOON, THANK YOU!!
thanks for the high praise!
will check out DOG STAR
we just launched the feelslike field in our Current Conditions for JSON and XML
messagetoMJ Happy Bday MJ....
Our lives are enriched because of your music!
Happy Birthday !
:
G Live 'brought to you by blackberry' come on ESPN, it's not 2008 anymore, who uses 'berries?
That is so fantastic to hear!
Congratulations!!
With your archetype being THE TALENT your new gig is lucky to have you!
I mean I'm home watching the last 2 harry potter movies by myself...
wish martin truex jr would win but don't worry it will come soon!
you should really cook for me.: I'm kinda curious to see how good it would be.:
Work it girl!
STAY ALIVE DEREK 
yeah when I witnessed that, I was like seriously?
hope u guyz have fun and relax : U guyz totally deserve it love u guyz
Dude what the fuck you are so weird.
Such an exhausting day!
I say its time to wind down with some Vampire Diaries : 3
why not :D
excuse me.excuse me.EXCUSE ME.OMG MOVE!!
He apologized for having to stick me in a middle seat.
I told him I didn't care a bit.
He seemed to appreciate how thankful I was.
soo i guess a few people that i never followed back just now unfollowing me  now my followers going down, smh.
Good mornin all!!
on my way to spread a lil sunshine..
up and ready for the walk a thon??
Congrats to FIU football !
Big win on national television !!!
Support HR 1207!
Audit the Federal Reserve!
his outfit is spot on.
suitcase, dirty nikes, fresh white suit.
It's awesome.
I still have no idea what Batteship is about.
go with the new iphone !
Then you have the newest features and stuff like that !
Uh...
yeah right.
Would love that too!
How can we help?
Yes, when I read it, I'm was shaking :.
thanks!
Miss you too!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Aww, you remembered my birthday!
No, Facebook told me.
Geez...Louise..
ArianaFacts she is allergic to pink champagne and when she doctornks It she sees purple rain
Made it to My Redeemer MBC, New Orleans with ...sing Gospel Soul Childoctorn...: 
If an angry bird gives you 'the bird,' by rule of double negative, is that a compliment?
I should probably go to sleep....
Outside appearances are important to other people but totally unimportant to God.
I'm just sayingBAMM.
You heard right!
performs from 11am  12pm at 2 locations: State/Madison  State/Monroe.
I'll note that!
:
I need more wailen followers c:
hey sweetie!
Good Luck!
RT : 1st day huge thanks 2 friends who helped me find a new gig.
Oh wait, I was looking at the micro plan.
Duh.
Well that may come in handy at some point, but free account FTW
Your Own Productions?
Healthscape Partners has an innovative approach 2 healthcare.
Collaboration amongst alliance companies  lower costs, better care
The telegraph is nearly as fast as the Internet
Today that my life is what I make it
Finally got my today.
It was glorious.
144th and f why?
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Benjamin Franklin
I see my momma smile..
That's a blessing
ALL EYES ON THE WEATHER.
Happy holidays!
Greeting everyone in advance!
Enjoy your Christmas!
Figuring out the twitter still!!
I did.
I dunno where u grew up or if u live in Newburyport or just work there...
?!
Any summer plans?
School is out for some of our students and the fun has begun!
Thanks so much, Leslie, it was great to meet you.
I'll try to come up with some great ideas for you at !
Does anyone think the 76ers can avoid the sweep...I think the brooms are already out
UM.
WHAT THE FUCK.
BRING IT ON CARLY.
SHES NOT TOUCHING MY MAN.
Apropos of nothing, I just found out that if you Google anagram, Google asks you, Did you mean 'nag a ram?' Well played, Google.
Warm ups are taking place right now and then it's Badgers vs Beavers.
Animal Planet would love this
:P love you
HappyBirthdayGRANDman love you
those are awesome
RT if you love your fans from Ohio3
Liking LSU to win again over 'Bama...2217 type of score..
huh?
I'm confused :L 3
K;simsim u.u
LetsGoMarlins!
RT : Meanwhile, 3000 miles away, another Miami team is nearing their sixth straight win.
Houston come in and get some .35 wings n a cold one n see the gorgeous wait staff at
I did that  loved middle school kids for their sense of humor.
Appreciate who  where they are in life.
Let me handle your love rocket.!
;P
OnTheLastDayOfSchool, during the last period, I will be taking a precal final.
PERFECT way to end the year.
I'm not coming home ;
Today's the day!!!
Are you as excited as I am?!
Cause I know am!
Stress is a KILLER!
Don't stress....worry less!
Ain't NOTHING too hard for God.....
Haha.
It feels great to get started, then I think about how far I have to go...
Are you doing blog tv or ustream?
Never have Luck in love ..
WHERE'S MY FUCKN MONEY
its on repeat.
Missin those good old days where your biggest problem was choosing which toy to play with in the sand box :
where is team fine at
I like it!
Good luck, Engelbert!
: You could look like prince charming and a Virgo could still find a flaw about you.
I have problems.....
Hey we are now doing private Streaks as teambuilding exercises!
let us customize a Streak for your company!
email us
So what have I learned this week.
2 loads of laundoctor and dishes everyday keeps us caught up and includes nap, wii and internet surfing.
On it.
What does our community want to bring to us and why the hell aren't we letting them in?
I live in LA so it's evening even though it looks like nite time
Prereqs are for pussies!
Just let me stay in the stupid class, Sac City...or I'll hunt you down and hurt you like Liam Neeson did in Taken!
Bob Bocher WI DPI makes me realize how much we need to be thankful 4 amazing dedication  leadership thank you, Bob!
Bye bye
Im joining x the collab first ever giveaway because I want to win an instant iPhone4s
thanks for following mister!!
Hopeless and romantic are not mutually exclusive.
Up north is cool dude!
: I love you like a little brother.
LetsMakePeace MothersDay JustinBieber fat cat
We're playing our Christmas song tonight with Sons of Great Dane at The Brick!
You guys, I'm just so happy.
always great to have a guest set up by Patti Genko.
Bigler Sports at 8:45 this morning
Thanks for the follow  I am following you too.
Hope to get to know you better.
I enjoy ur poetry.
She has closed her laptop and ladies and gentlemen the live tweet has ended.
Praying for a good man who's very sick.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection of how much you like yourself.
manifesto
The average, healthy, welladjusted adult gets up at seventhirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible
Wait holy hell how did I get so doctornk
follow back dudde
yes ma'am
I guess I should start my English project.
Fml.
I just realised they should make a movie because i love him!
Omg hell Yea taker is THEE BEST
Its Monday!
Will you spend the week asking why me?
Or start asking what now?
Make it a GodFirst week!
This girl literally just farted louder than her sneeze
AAsocialTV Trend: Making TV DVRproof again because of realtime updates by viewers.
Let's go feel if the truck's hot!
lmao 
We're picking winners randomly from registered attendees
Playing the Uptown in Westmont, IL with Pistol Pete.
Tonight.
haha cut you and suck your blood!
I loved patanormal activity.
Great acting
Very funny!
We understand but don't really tolerate a bad cup of coffee very well  but we loved your response!
Thanks for having me on the panel for social media in the classroom SPE.
Great discussion of today's learners.
Thankyou for following :
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
Agreed.
RT : s4pm They need to see the value in it for them
I am going SOLO...I expect to have a new pal or two by the end of the night...
m/
Get TAN Buy a Starter Kit for 49.99!
Buy ANY Membership, get 2 WEEKS of UPGRADES
Film crew from New York Film Academy is filming my tattoo for a doc on
So excited to see interview Tina Fey tonight...this is going to be good!!!!
If there's one thing I hate, it's taking off your makeup after a party.
couldn't agree more.
Big focus of mine  brings up disconnect between digital  traditional
I'd follow you every friday or any dayhey I aleady do...
tx for FF mention
Out and about in Cleveland trying to finish my shopping.
Trying to finish before the rain comes.
No snow here just rain.
headed out in SanFrancisco tonight...you in town?
This ain't the United States of Hate.
That is all.
72 yard touchdown run...woohoo!
go badgers!
Harden should expect the same booing in LA.
I said are you gonna be my girl?
And did I mention I'm in Miami shooting a commercial for orbitz?
Yup.
I am!!
i need to go to bed sometime soon...
but who knows if im going to ever sleep
It was totally creepy.
The person came and sprayed and then I had to clean up dead wasps and maggots from the floor.
Blech.
afghanistan donated 1million to pakistan earthquake relief.
what a beautiful, generous gesture!
Nice!
I wanted the Raj speaker shirt that made all of the noises.
But then read the laundoctor instructions.
Still interested in hearing what music YOU would like to get a massage to.
If it's locallyinspired, that's even better!
Thanks for sharing!
Woo!
Got my first multi clip test in AVID to conform back to 5K!
Now to try it in
Amazing news and perfectly done!
Congrats!!
Thanks for the follow!
Always looking to meet new directors and actors!
Playwright Matthew Ethan Davis
Scalp Problem Model search list Model search events are a great way to find modeling agencies and become a model
Thank you!
And you do the same.
you will NEVER follow me.
That's right I said it, never.
At least I made it home before the storm hit.
It's looking like I need to start building an ark.
So many interesting people out in the world!
Following people on Twitter and just feeling lucky to live in this age.
Rose Bird is my first real memory of California politics
good luck!
have fun.
P90X Back  Biceps  AB RipperX.
Going full speed in to much needed rest day tomorrow.
BringIt!
Sweet.
Thank you!
I don't want to be in class today.
Come save me?
All that you now do is something you have chosen to do.
but no way...
Yup.
Quit trolling.
Are you guys going to blackout your site?
HonorTheFallen RT We honor the life and service of Pfc.
Neil Turner, 21, of Tacoma, Wash., who died Jan.
11 in Afghanistan.
Hello again to all my friends, together we can play some rock n roll.
that's sarcasm
this bitch is so stupid she think I don't get her code letters bitch this is for u I'm not stupid u want her take her I don't give a fuck
When I rode the train five years ago, I judged people by their books.
Now I judge them by the textsize on their Kindles.
Literally quoting.
bobby says, should I put my balls here?
hah looks lie you may have to come in your school uniform;
The waitress says my gosh, its so good to have some normal people at my table hah!
If only she knew...
MorningReading Mark 11:24 Therefore I tell you whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours
tea tree oil should help
See i just want you to know....that you deserve the best your beautiful
Get in for our BBQ Pork Torta!
Pulled pork tossed in tangy BBQ sauce, topped w our tasty Mexican Slaw!
An Auburn Tiger intruding on a Gator in LSU territory.
awesome!
thanks!
We're in the mood for something big  malty tonight...a traditional German Maibock sounds perfect.
Dundee Pale Bock Lager it is!
Use your smile to change the world don't let the world change your smile!
Thanks for the follow!!
I look forward to hearing your music!!
Many I gotta get my shit together so someone will wanna see me............lol
same here.
well not 100 but mostly.
yeah.
you could come.
but your going to okaboji!
:
Exactly.
It's hard for me to say I wouldn't be the same way if I had the ability to quit my job and do what he does.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
It's because I put that voodoo curse on you.
My bad.
2 any of my Peoples PLS don't be Offended if u call txt or hit me on fb or twitt n I'm slow to get bck wit u supabizzy not bn funnystyle.
What are the community standards on nude art?
Do they really exist?
Correction  Last tweet should have referenced Rodney King Riot  not OJ  wrong misrepresentation of justice  sorry
with a fried pb n j as a chaser ?
:
nice quotes.
ur photos are LOVELY!!!
i really want to visit seattle now, altho heard that economically its not the place to be?
Tomorrow , I dont know if I should go to east or west for church ??
Things are going to get better, just gotta try and pray for the best.
Thanks for your great blog post!
Tip: Exfoliate with a gentle scrub that contains exfoliates that are round and non  abrasive, 2 to 3 times a week.
Woah, you're awake?!
Well then change it up...
Just don't sleep past 11 or something.
This whole 3, 4, 5 thing...
I know it so well..
6 girls jump 1 chick and she aint even gotta scratch
Roger made a divet with his bottom on a pretty little sliding number.
He is the coolest.
It was almost love..
It was almost always..
where's that lat tho?!
And ready whenever you are
: thevow ill admit I criedSOFT!
Someone should start OccuPIE Wall Street.
Where people bring delicious pies to wall street.
I LUV u
This rain needs to stop.
GoGo down the line!
Here's Braunie!
Finally made it to 900.
Progress.
Sometimes its heavensent that we get sent back to hell again
Congratulations!
Best of luck!
Debating on getting a stick so I can play roller hockey this summer.
I'd probably need help...you know...taping it and using it.
Do away with all the speed limit signs and there would be no more speeding .Legalized doctorgs, and no body would go to jail for doing doctorgs.
I thought you loved the smell of Napalm in the morning.
Are they using Napalm on those fields?
when u help yourself people are more apt to help u
hikeky2012 Day 2: Kentucky River Road Trail  Palisades Trail.
yeah, what DOES Keef know?!
Im still smh
THANKS AND HAPPY HOUR FOR YOU TO
Wow, not even delivered.
:
the two best teams made it, I'm not happy about the rematch but any other team besides bama would be destroyed
3rd floor of the mansion in marthas chamber  mount vernon jhudc standing in front of a room with dishes  window.
Smells like dust  paint
I need better guitar picks...
I just went through another one 
I wish I had a device that would help me detect if you like me, unfortunately I don't.
I see those after school lessons are paying off lmao Can I take a picture of them xD
she's adorable
Nice call!
According to my horoscope, I'm most compatible with Pisces and Capricorn...
Lmao
Don't let the overcast keep you in!
Make your own sunshine.
Stop in for Latin brunch..the rays will appear!
5 Bloody Marys  Mimosas
So scared of bein hurt again that ill block all you mfs out
Beliebers if it wasn't for any of us he wouldn't be here!
I love BELIEBERS!
SO HAPPY right now!
haha so specific.
I don't think I'll feel better until May 8.
I just realized I owe you an email!
Looking forward to the Prelude 11 kickoff tonight!
MCAS testing that's the shit I don't like!
your sarcasm doesn't intimidate me!
333
you really want to start this again 3 lol I well beat you like momma mash potato salad
think of the happiest things, it's the same as having wings.
nice catch !
Tutoring, subbing, full time teaching ops.
Somebody pinch me!
Excusestodoctornk My husband cheated on me with his boss
Me I think Scotty should GO
if Kobe was gone Lakers would be down by like 50 points!
ha ha so quit bringing the Bulls into this mess.
WeWontWork if all u do is LIE
you up on that too
no visual or audio please and issac i will be at your bachelor party
RT : Um, Youtube just recommended Rebecca Black to me.
I recommend it check itself quickly before anymore recommendations.
Congratulations on your beautiful baby, Rajiv!
Thank you, daaaaahling!
:
Netflixed episodes of Ocean Girl.
It is a very good family show.
22 minutes only .
Great 4 kids short attention spans.
They love it.
Congratulations, Sami!
Well deserved!
Haha!
He loves your shades.
Who you got?
Flip a coin!
lol RT : This should be a fun series....Lakers vs Thunder
I suspect negatively.
Even as adults we struggle to retain information studied while multitasking
Will You ever come to san diego california AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.........
So start...it's easy.
Lol
I see no difference at least with me being witty and doctornk.
Lol
haha I think u proposed to my friend sheena and then turned around and made out with some chick...rock n roll
Glad to hear that!
There's this Guy...
we act like idiots, talk about gay people and make fun of fat people together.
And I think I really like him....3
Thank you!
when does return?
Hello good people!!!
I'm excited about the new opportunity I have been presented with..
So let's say get ready shows and videos in bulk 
Did Brian Anderson just say its a good time of the year to be in Fond du lac???
U bet..
I watched the Timeflies cover of Wild Ones.
Thank you.
This is fantastic.
Bbworld11 Will easily integrate Content into coursesite and links to Google Docs for adtl content site.
Woke up early so I can get a lot done :
I am a go getta but it's my strategy that keep them wondering...long as they keep mentioning my name good or bad I'm going 2 rise
I'm against big spending on transit.
No faith that govt.
can get it right.
First, improve
All this was to make me happy but it actually made things worse
Kinda funny how things wrk owt
Yes, and then the days just sort of blur together.
fine with me too.
But you have to play with the odds, professorling or not, it was a stupid decision.
great article.
Who is the only person who can hold Kevin Love under a doubledouble?
Ben Howland.
These stickers are costeffective, eyecatching, long lasting and creative.
There is a yoga class 5/20 at 6:30 AM at the same time as the YBP Health Walk.
FASHION TIPS  A.
Lister Interior Design professorle: Ricardo Poupada Which colors will have women swooning at your apartment?
It's good to come 2 the studio after absence  remember why i do what i do..
out of complete love and beauty.
Passion, fate..
Life is smart.
I know at least 2 of our judges are gonna love the allAmerican values of 2 of the mgt413caw wrestlers 1, 1!
Ring romance in the making?
Wow.
LT just gave the most heartfelt, humorous and endearing speech at Junior's memorial.
Good stories.
wine night tonight!
Excited..however I can't doctornk.
This is t orture!!
definitely the best part.
: I bet you didn't know that women can get boners...
True story...
They get them right in their mouth
Gary Oldham should win best actor tonight.
He's cool
Good morning hope every1 has a wonderful day and gr8 week.
...Is it weird to say that I like ballet more than jazz?
NotAPrisonThemeSong Another Round Chris Brown, Fat Joe
If you weren't born with it , you don't need it to live .
Hello Donna marie Thompson!
Glad to connect with you!!
I will NOT refer to it as the Thursday coffee clatch but am really looking forward to hanging with the CC gals at Starbucks  soon!
Seattlelites do use umbrellas: a man across the street from me just did a fancy spin with his before ducking under it for cover.
oh
Arizona is awesome this time of year!
Thanks for the follow, we are following back!
: If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this All those fairy tales are full of shit.
I'm learning that I have a tendency to mask or submerge ideas under layers of superficially interesting abstraction.
Undoing that.
Change the pic.
Whaaa?
My bad.
I dunno about you, but my doctorid 2 sucks.
I'm pretty much ready to go iPhone.
Don't expect me to tweet about my life problems, it's not happening!
I lost my home and know maybe my job soon I got no place to go
Success then!
needs to chill the frick down ...
like for real brah.
Broncos will be luck to start the season 26 which includes a win in London against the Niners that have the Donks number.
thanks for including our Operation Outreach banner on the float yesterday!
Check out now available  Barley and Hops in Glenwood.
Antiquing with is always a good time  Before and Afters to come!
Old stuff  Vinyl Cutter homemade stickers  DIY Love 
2day is a beautiful day
Delicious, delicious recovery pancakes Best thing about the morning after the night before.
:D
I can't believe I'm saying this, but the ABC red carpet show needs Ryan Seacrest
We love that idea!
: I think should pair with the.
Buy a shirt, adopt a pup??!?!
People should be more careful about what they say
lol, good luck with that.
Isn't your xbox in your living romm though?
are u going organic as well?
I go organic its the business
Cable company doctorpping Spokane PBS station
I went with black, maybe I'll get a pink cover for it ;
walking in the bike lane downtown
can someone explain to me how lists work?
thanks
fucking global warming.
Well I am just the singer, but I think we usually use ultimate guitar tabs to start and correct them if they sound wrong
bigger question for the skipper.
Is he ready for the old guys in two weeks?
haha
I passed the fuck out at work lastnight
how could i not take time to listen to such an angelic voice :
Ah...a whole day off to myself.
So xcited.
Think I will just b lazy all day.
BE HAPPY IN FRONT OF PEOPLE WHO HATE ON YOU...
IT KILLS THEM...
;0
Madison always seems so quiet when I return from Chicago on Sunday night.
Good!
I actually thought of you when I was wanting to be at the Festival of Books this weekend.
: Are you going?
Thanks for the RT Mike!
If you don't want doctorma, then don't start it.
Things are only as complicated as you make them.
I checked in to a movie that I did not like.
Your fucking app will not let me move on.
WTF is the reason for that?
amazing presenter.
check out the yahoo sports blog by Dirty Tackle.
picture of it up there.
Simply amazing
hahaha ur up in east Jesus nowhere
a new car!
Hahaha like that's gunna happen LOL
So and I have been riding motorcycles all day.
Want to see a bunch of pictures?
thank you!!
you're amazing 3
I hate when I get a repeated fact on Nantucket Nectar tops.
We need 130 Fans and we will give away 2 more Free Wristbands!!!
Suggest us to your friends and maybe you will be our next winner!
Immediate oppty: Unity3D developer in Atlanta.
Ideal candidate has 14 years of game development experience.
C, C, XCode.
Would someone like to tell me how I acquired a tick, sitting in an office all day?
don't settle for mediocrity!
Be remarkable!
Be Fearless and the rest will come!
My google reader count has surpassed 700...I'm thinking the only way out now is to just hit mark all as read...
RT My absolute favorite quote from TEDxSummit The city you get is the city you build.
Norman Lee City 2.0
Would like to see lebron james not cry like a little bitch
If you have to ask you will never know !!
found my old iphone
you had me at heaven...weekend meal ?
Note to self: Don't dance like a crazy while home by yourself or you will land on your ankle wrong and have no one there to take care of you
Welcome home
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
It benefits everyone!
RochelleRants lol what is this all about!!!??
I learned real quick not to do that.
It isnt worth losing what and who you love :
dunkin's time capsule board on pinterest is the most commented on board for them according to .
Making a cake!
Cant wait to eat it lol :P
Thanks for coming!
Low hoop;
is going to bring it 2/17 , be there
RT : It's monthly sale weekend!
Still time to take advantage of 30 off the whole store; we're open till 5 today.
It's Friday!
FF You know we love you.
I just pray that this friendship doesn't end up like the last, where we can't stand to talk or be around one another.
day 2 of sxsw a success and the music portion technically hasn't started yet
7  10 Go get your cereal.
YEA WISH I COULD SAY THE SAME BOUT THE CREW!!!!
WOW!!!!
I stayed for the Swans.
I thought it was awesome, that gutrattling noise.
Swoon.
Too soon to declare myself champ?
nah this is the everyday mix that's been running at bellagio recently
Place your foundation primer in the fridge before use for a cooling, de  puffing effect!
remembering 14 years ago when I looked like I had a watermelon stuffed up the front of my shirt...
he's now 5'10.
Scary.
Stop by Bite Size Idea tomorrow to learn how to automate your finances, explode your charisma and start a business.
Yep, all in one post!
np I have died everyday waiting for you Darlin' don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more
No Measure Of Time Will Be Enough With You...
Lets Start With Forever !
TwilightSaga .
Oh!
Good one!
I missed that one.
It was so hard to chose which shows to go to.
They were all so good.
Can't wait til next year.
wanting the Giant't to win it all Manning serve brady on a plate
I want it to be tomorrow morning so I can be back at the gym :
RT  I've had 80 x more mgs of adderall than hours of sleep in the last 24 hours losing
yaaaay haha most of my friends just wanna listen to music from today and I like it but I like older stuff a lot too
Hey, congrats!
One push setup.
I got locked into these Rodney Mullen interviews just yesterday.
I'm officially a brace face.
If you lack the courage to start, you have already finished!
Their sandwiches are great!
: Today's sandwich has fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, fava greens  Southpaw Mostarda!
Almost finished cleaning.
OMG....yes!
Let's hope for a better second half!
This is just too painful to watch at the moment!
what did you do?!?
The A Team  Ed Sheeran
Damn I mean what can I say scorpios are just sexual beings
GREAT idea!
RT Ever get parking tickets?
What if we had an option to swap fines 4 charity/community work?
I just saw this now I just got home lol and no I didn't I got a new number!
look good bra!
Opportunities for digital pub: adding context, indexing, providing access to ephemeral  rare material
I'll be in the mix tonight  the Hangar inside the loop.
Crazy doctornk specials all night.
Party starts at 10
Walmart : looking a hot mess!
I need to fix my vitamix because that oddly looks divine!!
Is that normal?
askalexconstancio Will you and ever make Cool Morning 3???34
Nice!
They kinda look alike
I'm good on the grind with the the first job doctorving the little kids
How can you lose a good thing when it was never good at all?..
I hear Kris Kristofferson  Willie Nelson are playing together tonight at ACL Moody Theater.
True?
love me some joe johnson...played hoops for my hogs.
Wish we could have kept him longer.
Lol
I've survived yet another Valentine's Day!
Good morning fellow survivors!
Took a shortcut through primark to the carpark, I now have post traumatic stress.
It's the fashion equivalent of a trip to the Somme.
Keep true to the doctorams of thy youth.
Friedoctorch von Schiller
Parking is way worst than yesterday.
Where are the jobs for college graduates?
People always find things to be negative about.
fuck you ottawa  your fans!
correct me if i'm wrong but the king just cursed you guys out, ay?
NYR LET'S FUCKIN GO GAME 7!
Luv it when people act brand new ...
Don't get mad when its my turn..
Happy early Mother's Day to
cookin' like a champ!
smells so o o o good!
:
Thanks for supporting Country Music!
Can I submit my client, for a review?
Follow back, if you like.
Ty
BULLETIN: News happens in places without jet connections or luxury hotels.
Who knew?
It doesn't seem quite normal yet, just gotta keep keeping on though!
come to ny!!
Looks like they need your guidance!
my cat let me read 67 pages of 's book before sitting on it.
that has to be a goddamn record.
Looking for the perfect bat for your little league'r?
Check out the 2013 Worth Prodigy Legit Youth Bat!
Available for preorder now!...
ALERT....ALERT, I slight breeze has just brushed upon me!!
doing shows in out of town .
Whats bin up with you holla at me babi gurl.
Did we forget to mention that one Facebook or Twitter question asker is going to win an autographed copy of 's Voyage DVD?
the 6th webseries pilot event, like its 48hr film but the deadline is 1 week  the idea is the project can continue as a series
Great that Obama finally came out of the closet on gay marriage.
Thunder and lightning and light rain in Franklin
thanks for the retweet!!!!
Come on over!
We'd love to have you.
RT After my summer I'm going to need a trip to Vegas!
Ever have one of those moments where you look at the person and wonder, How are you really that stupid?
RT : Week 1 of is a wrap.
Ive never been surrounded by so many smart people who truly want to see my startup succeed....
Havent been on here for awhile
did u get the track List?
And the CD made?
Welcome!
So glad you joined us to tweet.
I agree if world was ending I would have finished the beer in our fridge!
Sad to hear that my old university department is to close: : Final decision has been made  school of music to close.
I eat more when I am on a diet.
Awesome.
you finally get some boxing gloves bruh?
I really want to do a cross country hackathon in an RV.
Start in Seattle and present the project in New York when you get there.
Did you see my mention of the Jazz Standard in my column today?
Our fall book order with new Babymouse and Squish hasn't hit the shelf yet.
And yes, Babymouse is always out!
Beautiful day outside today!
Plus I got a great bday gift!
Two tickets to see Van Halen at The Amway Arena in April!
Hi Sahm, thanks for following, now following you too.
Being in Austin we probably have some common friends, dig your blog too!
Need to happen this year : I wonder what pacman would have done to Mayweather.
While Newt Gingrich is losing his Secret Service, he'll still find a way to be serviced secretly.
Tea 101 class next Tuesday night at 6:30 p.m.
Sample six different teas in this introductory course.
Free to attend!
Please RSVP!
Nice quote !
I hate stretching but it never felt so good
Gotta get that old flame back
Sometimes those biggest failures are the greatest motivators.
And I'm not thinking about to doctornk
That would be awesome!
thanks so much!
:
Looking for the Voice of the Employee!
RT : Whats shaking KC
Mickeydeez's vanilla milkshake is off the chain
You could replace Tupac and Suge Knight with  and that tweet would still hold true.
And perfectly.
Watching the PPV fight tonight.
Should be a good match this coming up.
Oakland A's!
I agree, fuck the Cubs!
Here in AZ, the GOP bastards must have brainwashed Ricketts during Spring Training!
You should stop by!
:
It is of great importance that you stay in your place...
I would hate to replace you there
if we lose we r done
I LOVE
no u are not sweet need u to refollow
Youth fades; love doctorops; the leaves of friendship fall; A mother's secret hope outlives them all.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Tonight PHAME launches a great collaboration with United by Music, 5:30 pm at Lola's Room/Crystal Ballroom  more info soon!
I am down for both!!
:
maybe.
I'll be on the wife's bike.
where u go to school at
Can't wait to jump into In an Uncharted Country by
thx, you too!
Wow, RIP Adam Yauch.
Pilgrimage to worship at the altar of pancake?
We should make that happen for the iSchoolers not yet indoctrinated...
A weebit excited that will be in LA this weekend :
Congrats Reid and Red Door!
Yay...I get to go to 's favorite place: Kenwood Mall
What you coming into NYC for?
Ev is having a rocker at his new crib...
If a man stands in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him is he still wrong?
Great lecture on Meat Glue Mania by Chef Wylie Dufresne
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett remembers Junior Seau  Fort Worth Star Telegram
im so hungry......p i need sumin to eat
Excited to announce will be featuring our show and the back story in their April issue!
Can't wait to be a part of it!
ha ya it is it's a females life under 50 lol
Me: OMG THERES A BUG IN MY HAIR Dad: WHAT IS IT Me: ONE OF THOSE LOVEBUGS Dad: RELAX They wont do anything theyre just looking to get laid!!
you hear him, not here him.
So you didn't get the lead......
growup and dealwithit k.thanks.bye.
NEW HAPPY HOUR SPECIAL: 1 off Domestics 2 off everything else 4pm8pm 2 off Hangar One all night long!!
:O Remember what I said?
I'm getting you now.
better watch out
From the hood book of 2Chainz Okay now Nicki Nicki Nicki, put it in your kidney.
Got a new LS 450, ain't no keys in this dohicky.
Photographing new born baby today!
So excited and have so many ideas!
Stay tuned for sneak peak latter on today!
I would take the deal.
Harper won't last...trade him while he has a high value.
well even though it might be hard to believe, I'm pure white...
So I get freckles.
pls let us know if an arrest is immenent!?
Procter amp; Gamble raises dividend by 7 percent
Miami Music Festival kicks into high gear tonight!!
Come to Gemma and rock out with some great bands tonight  Sat.
night!!
10  door 21
If you had a theme song what would it be?
I'm working on mine.
Happy Earth Day.
Happy Easter everyone!
We will be closed all day today and reopen Monday  11am.
Enjoy your day off staff!
Saw the new Expo Line running today.
There was about 20 people on it during rush hour.
A well spent 930 million...
My brokenness doctorw me to spirituality  meditation, which keeps me balanced, positive and peaceful.
Maryland friends: hit up 1090 AM WBAL right now to hear my friend doing his usual excellent job as host.
Thanks, glad you liked.
Last month Sony told me it was definitely on, but now I have no idea.
Hope they do!
Is gonna have to choke a bitch?!
: thanks for the follow!
Good to see you on twitter!
Ohh I didn't see that!
Yeaah Im listening to it right now.
its sick
ill be home then too!
let's hang out!
Why is Facebook allowing tons of my friends to be tagged in pictures of ghetto shoes?
From the valley to Hollywood to downtown, a big day in LA demo'ing the latest in wireless tech with
Thanks for following!
Hope you enjoy my tweets.
Roemer speaks truth.
RT Trade must be fair,not free.
Free trade exploits cheap labor,child labor,and lax environmental standards
oh..u have lol
walking around supermarket Lost mom ACT COOL, ACT COOL!
Give em hell, Big Beers always better than Big Apples.
Wow Kobe.
Clean shot across the noggin of the Manimal.
From behind.
While Faried was airborn.
Classless.
Now you finna argue?
Smh.
www.ashlethal.com check it out folks.
THANKS EVERYONE FOR YOYR SHARES!
AND FOR ALLOWING ME TO POST ON YOUR WALLS!
I keep seeing it everywhere and I'm like well maybe I should give it a try maybe I'll like it.
But I don't think I can do it.
Youth Council members will ask your questions to the MPS Superintendent.
Just tweet
IfIwasdatingHarryStyles ah, no words to describe how I'd feel
ugh i'm so scared about tomorrow....then if i fail i have to worry about telling my mom i can't enroll in any classes for fall
Randy Moss Is a Beast on the Field come to CA Randy
Photo's of the whole cast are now uploaded.
Who is your favourite?
Doctor doctor gimme the news!
excited for the new degrassi episode tonight so i can admire my future husband, 
LOVE Vocabulary!!!
Have so much fun :
I'm Still Sleepy :/
We cant wait!
RT blessed 2 have theweddingparty airing right after the strongest selfmade broad on ,THE...
I doctoram beyond sound.
I doctoram beyond color.
I doctoram in spectrums that create the reality around me.
Choice is definition.
Action is creation
thankfulforATL because I am a faggot like that.
Why is that?
What do YOU think?
All of the stunts Amazon's pulled, perhaps now because of Apple they no longer have to deal with them?
said his administration will stop implementing law but hopes court will let law move forward soon.
Hey, how are you doing, guys?
I agree with you completely.
Way too many people are way too uptight.
People need to accept that love is love; no boundaries.
Thanks again to everyone who participated in our Jersey Giveaway contest yesterday!
We really appreciate all of our loyal fans : 
thanks bro.
What you up to at the moment?
Directing any theatre?
It should be.
Ugh!
Five yrs ago and I remember like it was yesterday.
Killer ab workout though.
...a picture of it and when I woke up I checked twitter to see if I gotthe notification .
IndianasFinestProbs Kristyn
Celtics still know how to win.
Rondo gets the credit tonight, stay on lock at home, then beat the Heat!
these next two weekends are gonna be bomb i already know.
It will also up your chances of an NBA career.
Little kid shit on twitter, come on now.
Maddy Bratty, i know it.
he bored me to sleep!
Back to 801
Too busy to tweet but blessed to be so.
That CT scan was the scariest thing of my life...
i suggest a good long fap.
its entertaining
I'm working on new Thursday gig so keep checking in to see where I end up.
Next year I will have cheese to grill on this a National Grilled Cheese holiday
Poythress, Goodwin, and Bennett are hanging together.
Good sign?
indiana doctorvit contractors, doctorvit contractors indiana, indiana doctorvit companies, doctorvit companies indiana doctorvit indiana wall systems
:o you have a twitter?!
Last day in the studio to record our EP A Murder of Crows
who is the other team?
Kemp has the longest active steak in MLB with 392 consecutive games played.
I can't believe St.
Louis didn't do everything to keep him.
I'm a Cubs fan, and I'm happy he's out of the division!
Go Cubs!
Getting ready for the photo shoot tomorrow .
LAST DAY OF CLASSES
Metro Piece Of Shit Can Needs To Upgrade 
Mmn, downside of automated blog post pumping into twitter is my crapily misspelled titles are immortalized on the web b4 I have a chance!
RT : A movement isnt a memebuild 4 the longterm.
We can't hashtag our way to social change
We would love 2 promote this episode of CSI Miami!
Are you up 4 a short interview through 'email' about your day on set?
:D
You know who's weird looking?
Females who are already thin and good looking who lose even more weight.
Their heads look enormous
Back from the dead, now what's important again?
In WSJ calls out Obama 4 not criticizing left's sexism but doesn't mention the Rep prez wannabes cowering at Limbaugh's feet
In conjunction with 's Solar Pwr Finance Summit, is hosting 's Jonathan Plowe
RT Received 1st doctorft of promotional imgs 4 new music app.Releasing vewy soon!Blog music  ur finger tips :
i want you to expose me to new music; wanna buy u good beer, bring it over and b.s.
about hockey, watch good tv/movies...
RT You were hired b/c u should have all the answers?
Or should it be we hired u b/c u know where to get them?
Amazing how quickly the Met cures a child's stomach ache.
Hey Lady D!
I thought about you the other day, but it was b/c I saw a guy wearing a Starbury jersey so that's probably not good
Out west headed back to the Eastside
Ilovepeoplethat Makes you lagh like a psycho Crazy When you feel So Depressed!
WeCantWait for mindless behavior to come to new York luv u mb 3prodigy3
Whats Yo Email I Got The Track .!
imma put some hand sanitizer and disinfectant wipes in every area.
you better clean it up if you made it!
I wish that girl would say everything she has to say about me to MY FACE.
Pussy ass bxtch
Sorry folks, we're experiencing some problems with the Person lookup API.
We're working on it now, and will have it back up shortly.
Follow or use 1Dimension in your tweet.
3 random entrants will win a new iPad.
A sacred marriage doctorws its passion from its inclusiveness.
Passion for another person has to fade, but passion for life itself is eternal.

me so I know it's real .
If we had vents we could hire George Forman as an intern
I love The City Bakery.
hahaha man thats funny ........
did i ever feel like u were gonna fall asleep?
lol
where do you get your hair cut?
RT : It's the perfect weekend to get out and enjoy four world renowned museums in one location.
Visit Museum Hill and......
Today IS Monday,
Hangover from kill the keg
Nothing and no.
um Hollie was amazing!
Playing soul station tonight at Casa Del Mar in SM with Tasha Taylor, Jonathan Flaugher, and Rob Perkins!
7pm and FREE!
I miss her.
I can't help it.
Happy Mother's Day to two of the strongest women that I know, my mom and grandma.
Without them I am nothing!
I love you!
Link for Snowtown appears to take me to a wonderful piece on Bruce Springsteen.
Not your bully story.
thank you!!!
I wanna meet President Obama .
When someone orders what I said I wanted at a restaurant.
Now I have to default to chicken fingers to be original
haha what a night
No I'm not since I'll be in process of my move to Hoboken NJ  hope to go for the next show in 4 years.
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter
Good Luck I've got a good feeling Tide's winning streak is about to end today
I feel bad for because I assume they ran out of time or money, but there was an implicit narrative promise broken.
It's ppl like this that make me wanna stick a jit like him
thanks for joining!
yes : i think yes lol
I wanna see In The Grove!
where can I see it?
That one manager everyone wishes would jump off a cliff and survive it just so they'll have to endure the pain afterwards.
Okay I am seriously addicted to Asparagus Tempura rolls from Fujiyama.
Art  Industry?
John Ruskin said: Life without industry is guilt.
Industry without art is brutality
ATTENTION B4 you follow sum1.
Make sure you do a background check.
I am 100 Gay  I rap.
So donot come at me w/ the dumbshit!
is at FAU.
Practice, eat, class, eat, sleep.
Repeat.
Do you think Rick Ross makes the hos do blow off HIS titties?
not sure about that, plenty of good tech content, i.e.
arduino, andoctorid, etc
ha!
we had that last week.
they asked me to be in charge of Bingo.
okay!
the last one is this hour, right?
I prefer Contempt to Breathless and Jules and Jim to anything I've seen from Godard.
I'm not surprised about but I'm surprised about :
I knew it was coming tho..
as cute as ever!
lol shes shoppin with dada right now : hows your little cutie?!
my dad let my lil bro qo  pay for the qas  we wondered why it took so lonq for him to come bak, he was too short  she couldnt see'm lol
Very cool and cute episode of
that is great.
Selfrespect.
watching videos of prophecies on youtube
NowPlaying: ArabicMusic, songs, and hymns celebrating Easter and Good Friday.
You and just posted the same quote.
Where are you?
Finished early morning cardio.
At Job 1 ,till 5pm then got job 2 from 511pm.
Gotta keep grinding!!!
I love to audition.
I have made it to the short list of a great casting director.
I am grateful to be here.
I have fun and play today.
YAY!
FUCK NO she didn't.
Ask my man to lick your pussy again...he's gone and you're next bitch.
So that little tm by your name obviously means you're fake.
You used to be a ninja, but now you appear to have joined the matrix.
At the IGDA GDC party.
Hundoctords here...
it's hoppin!
:
: Was wondering why I haven't seen Dennis Hopper on anything in a while.
Turns out he's dead.
aww too early man.
Starting off summer by doing a couple tasty reviews.
I prefer only doing reviews that're tasty.
Otherwise I'm a professorle motherfucker.
Hehehe : It's a terrible, terrible addiction.
I'm hoping Harris Teeter lift this sale asap!
Monday I'll be interviewed on KWPA's Isle of the Arts, a program with focus on Whidbey Island artists and their craft.
I'm stoked!
I've been watching videos all day, now tell me...where have you been all my life?
3
Hungry for this money why not eat it!
just downloaded twitterrific
come out after :P when are you free next?
We can just come to yours for wine and icecream and blkwhite films :p 3
Competition is getting fierce for the office March Madness bracket challenge.
Who do you have making the elite eight?
In her chest, theres nothin at all its just empty, she'd sell her soul to the devil for a Bentley
Panda's are too racist.
They may be Asian, black and white...
But they're not Mexican now are they?
Pfft
Talking down on the West no need to wear that vest we take head shots
: Milk provides essential nutrients for bone development : encourage your child doctornk water  milk instead of soda.
Yep!
I will be taking a Maymester course and working at the iSchool until my internship starts on 6/11.
Not fun.
Have you been getting messages like someone is saying bad things about you?
It's a spam thing.
DON'T open the attached link!
I haven't received a login to register for Friday workshops.
Help?
I here that more and more each day.
This is completely a defensive game.
Oh no!
Jack off?
I hope it rains.
Its too hot to be outside in gym :
One life to live one mic to give !
lol!
i'm embarrassed!
i should've googled!
still, try avocado on toast sometime.
Me neither.
Jammin to : merry Christmas buddy!
Actually, I think that's true.
Kinda hard to defend it with nofault divorce in the mix.
amazing shot!
Waste of Money on Xbox.
Time is Short Life Goes Fast .
Talking about STDs in health ...
Los help me
Can I bet on being an allstar next season?
Who's a better power forward in the East?
I wanna hear what you need by Kanye  JayZ !
That my shit .
c: my kats are hams.
A little surprised the Patriots sit on the ball here.
1310 going into halftime.
Me too!
haha i live in AK its only 1:30 but I'm soo bored
i'm flattered!!!!!!!!RT sometimes I sit in my room alone and sing taylor swift and 1D songs while looking at pictures of joe
Take my hand, close your eyes With you right here, I'm a rocketeer Let's fly
hi rachelk02  hope all is well in your tweets today
OK I give up on hating Girls.
Twitter  masturbation scenes in latest episode were v.
good.
I only eat when my eyes are cloudy
Barefoot is the only way to go!
I prefer the wet, city sidewalks with breaks for grass between my toes.
I hate it when days go by slow at my job
It's so important that he comes here cause I didnt get to go to his first concert here .
I have had the same day...gardening  baking  doing yard work....not on my list but very productive!
Those are the best days!
I'm looking forward to my first rehearsal as a member of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra Chorus.
Chris Hoff on the 7 dirty words of cloud security at
Quick all Granderz Wish a happy birthday and a happy easter!!!!: and fill up his timeline i hope you follow me':
Thanks for the credit!
On a serious note: doctorgon Tattoo seriously deserved that one.
Some of the best editing I've ever seen.
We don't believe you, you need more people.
Come on in!
At the cell phone store.
Literally 20 people waiting.
Person being helped doesn't need a smart phone b/c they are very dumb.
45 minutes...
Just saw Starships music video nd its incredible tht it was filmed inmy back yard!
All the Hawaiians luv u We hope u come back!
A well deserved and much needed vacation this week.
Here I come
I am.
My own.
Next Saturday!
The movie doesn't have a lot of violence, really.
You see almost none of it, for better or worse.
Not a problem!
I hope to get over to the event, it sounds like a good one and I've been to a similar event on the northside.
There's a squirrel in the trap!
...now what?
brother Nas I can't wait til May 1st for that release brother!!!
I know that's right RT : Sometimes the only thing that keeps me sane is Jesus name, He brings immediate comfort  peace.
He's good.
Money Is My Lover.
Finally joined IxDA.
Now leave me alone;
I'm sorry but if you suck random guys dick like it's a fucking hobby, I'm going to think you're a hoe.
LatinExplores Costa Rica Travel Deals Now Include 1 Free Hotel Night
hello to you!
not much diversity in the 60's ads
If fetuses are people, there are a lot of men who owe 9 more months in child support.
I hate that time when I should be getting ready for work.
Mostly because my night job is soul crushing.
Great...
a gay waiter is stalking me..
wow you tweet a lot, you are really socialable.
How are u doing and the shop???
Rondo is def in my top 3 favorite NBA players to watch
a widget turns the balance sheet Kodak pagercodes EZ View image processing technology DCS Graphics
But sometimes, the hope for ice cream keeps me going.
Does this mean I'm doomed?
yea like me lol
this can't happen 
Thanks for the follow  you do indeed seem like a cool dude!
Emperor Palpatine scored a key legislative victory today thanking the Imperial Senate...
Er House Republican Caucus 4 their support
I think is wonderful
I think the main motivation for Google is monetary.
I also think it makes sense and will help canonicalize keyword sets
thanks boo!
3
After all that we've been through, i know were cool
reenvisioningnagel Does this look familiar to those who were here 11 years ago?
we know ; the link posted answered that for people who don't know about Type 1
FF B4 THE GOVERNMENT THROWS U UNDER THE BUS 4 CUBAN CIGARS AND PRIVATE GOLF CLUB MEMBERSHIPS:
Go Pens!
thanks for following!
POITIVEPUH
Twitter died for a second!
I know you can stay alive twitter!
s3question If you wanted only the user to be able to see their uploaded photo, how would you implement that with s3?
Us Too!
It's going to be life changing.
staff RT Just finished sunstandstill sogood can't wait for Greater
Part of the contingent at
i never tweet from this account anymore!
:/ have you missed tweets from your microphone?
:
they're just too stressed out to relax and take a shit lol
hi again D
Are U author of Social Networking Toolkit?
If so, might make a good phone interview 4 my show.
More on Facebook.
Thanks for a great nerdland.
Hm.
Did I miss anyone?
He'll get it next time
yep kinda.
Haha
My ability to meet conditions with grace comes from my peace of mind.
we love you bro!!
Sometimes I worry I walk hunched over like that kid in high school with the roller backpack.
Gotta find a way to leave work early tonight so I can watch this UFC fight.
Thank god 4 another day n another chance 2 B great!!!!!
Recording a new song right now to put up on my youtube.
Song is by And that, is what's OnMyMind AllDay In The
Cause you have to have hope!
:D I have to give you hope!
Cause you gave me hope!
:D You know what I mean Jellybean!?
;D
Sad day.
It gets better.
7.
Who is ur best luck and how r u honoring it to get return on luck ASTD2012 Collins
that's true, I wonder if they would give me the color of paint, damn corp landlords and their off white paint.
There are cultures composed almost entirely of metaphor, in an alignment with soul, to the point of pineal gland reconfiguration.
Ecstasy.
RT : R E T W E E T this tweet if you want me to list you in my list of Jasminators 
Its not cheating if I let you watch LC....:0
Divorced!
;p
I'd love that.
I have to charge my phone ALL the time.
I need more pussy in my life.
You will leave with great pride, lasting pride.
Panetta
Congrats on 6 years..are you going to be getting the Reebok Question on 5/26?
Discussing if people are bothered by tweeting at events.
Today's Sandwich: Ham  Turkey Club on a Croissant with a cup of soup....6.95
Fortunately for her, im a cannabaker:
It snowed last night but at dusk today everyone was iceskating at the rink beneath the Bean in Millennium Park
I LOVE THIS GUY!!!
I don't care if you want to marry a toaster oven.
It doesn't affect my life at all.
thanks for the add.
I think.
RT RT smile....its easier than explaining why you're sad.
what's good?
Spring is finally here!
Fresh, colorful bath products brighten evenyone's day!
www.thesoapguy.com
I can't watch it right now...maybe tomorrow
Enjoying watching John Grisham on the morning talk show circuit this week.
Can't wait to read Calico Joe.
Loved the excerpt in SI.
Thank you for the lovely book!!
I really enjoyed it.
Happy DiabloIII....
Er Mother's Day!
:p
She deserves it.
she's a little girl who knows nothing.
She strings guys along and uses the fact they lover her against them.
love that city!!
RT : doctorving through your city
Hahah, Spandemonium, that's the best I've heard.
We needed someone to compete with the
Ah, would that I were able to read this!
Alas, not OA.
Hahahahahaha you act like you are five.
Same size too
big word!?
:o
If I Dont Ask For Your Opinion Then I Dont Care What You Think Or Have To Say .
About to hit this blunt and get to the studio, what y'all up to today?
RT : demo pit best in show finalist include UX Flip, ReadySetWork, and cWize.
Good luck guys!!
Oops.
Tweet from the wrong professorle, it's actually playing.
Not TVA.
Sorry guys.
:/
U need to hit that, LeBron.
Totally deserve the crap storm coming your way if they lose this
Shows over: hope you guys liked my singing!!!
AND NOW I HAVE TO GET READY, heading over to downtown at 11:00 to watch the fireworks.
Terrific 2 have you joining in the effort 2 impact world this wayyou do this in so many wonderful ways already!
That's cool if my brain wakes up after sleeping about 2 hours, we'll see how it likes staying awake all day.
I'll beat insomnia
no.
It's like ensuring that people who work at a Jewish organization get the same access to ham as those who work elsewhere.
Worked on the Jo book while eating a turkey sandwich.
Unwrap yourself a joyful Christmas!!!!
can I come, too?
my little cookie monster : I 3 you!
ikr?!
Lol I think its different and cool : they should play it more on the radio cause I hardly ever hear it
We're giving away a FLIPCAM July 12th, all you have to do is LIKE our Facebook page!
www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
Today we are invited to embrace ALL THAT WE ARE.
How do we do this?
Take a few quiet moments to sit with your breath and intend to connect.
wishing spring break was here already !!!
in my pajamas in bed.
Did you know that redoctort can SPLATTER?
S/O to the real niggas I run wit
Happy Monday, music world.
Sure film credit doesn't pay off.
But I like seeing my hometown on the silver screen.
Just watched The Town, again
Sweet.
5 hrs or so away.
I'm scared mimi might doctornk herself to death!
Wtf is going on with her?!?
She didn't care about jumping release or the twins
ITLUMD in session with Ron Yaros on advanced strategies for blended learning.
Blogs, twitter, Wimba,  more.
Dick Stockton: Long mountain to climb WHAT?!
: Any new records I should check out ?
Kenny Garrett's new side!
Dl'd it last night and haven't stopped listening.
I want food .
thanks!!
Love yew tew!!!
Watching the other Boleyn girl!
Thanks
New twitter professorle photo :
BWAHAHAHA!!!
Tami, you are so funny!!
3 ya girl!
I cant stop snackin on stuff....got the kitchen on lock.....
Our production company World Class Studios is getting very close to finishing our new event facitlity!
Stay tuned, BIG THINGS coming!
Each and every very small stage You should know Concerning Tacori Wedding rings
No.
More.
Sleep.
MT : Coke is in talks to acquire Monster Beverage, a move that could expand its presence in the energydoctornks market.
youu and Jaafar are so cute together!
I was watching your vids last night, and I was like awhh so cute!
Lol
Real G's move in silence like lasaGna .....get it now?lol
My French teacher thinks I'm crazy after I asked her I how to insult people in French
Adults have some horrible music tastes.
lol today is a good day :
why did I find this adorable?
Oh, that's why; because you are.
:
Congrats on your Emmy nomination for SchoolsOnTheBrink!
follow back?
:
I never wear make up.
0 fucks given
Feel like fightin ppl
LIKE this status if you or your kids head back to school soon  what do you look forward to the most?
Hey thanks for the add!
Cant do nothin in this weather!!
LA LA JUST ASKED DO HER SON NEED A HELMET TO RIDE A PONY...
LLS...
SHE CRAZY...
;0
...and visions.
And yet, I sense their presence.
I always do  and at this moment more than ever.
Wiesel's Nobel acceptance speech
Love  Happiness
: I would pay someone to never receive another UKNOW email Yes dear god
Deciding what to do next.
Exercise?
Read?
Take the kids for a dip in a public fountain?
Snack?
Your suggestions are welcome...
you'll be fine...
everyone speaks English better than I do!
its hard bro you wouldn't be able to.
spin that record babe
Join us to raise money for the Jerry Dunaway Brain Cancer/Music Benefit on 4/20!
Great music line up for a great cause!...
loved it!
On my way home from Greek dance
keeping focused, keeping positive
Thank you to for the delightful blueberry cupcake yesterday in order to promote RevereBoston!!
Favorite cupcake flavor!!
But Im The One ...
LOl.
I Dont Get It ...
I Feel Like Your Ass Gone Get Cut Too ...
alright I got you.
Busy Day
I wanna be the only one, for miles and miles, except for maybe you and your simple smile.
;
It was a pretty dang good movie.
You prob already know this, but you should stay until the credits end.
Have fun!
hi.
just trying to get things done..and what r 'u' doing?
;
that's quite disturbing :/
yes, we're in a problematic situation.
We both need to be selfreflexive and critical ...
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When you truly find love, you find yourself.
Walking down the street, wondered why I got some puzzled looks.
Realized I was singing that Month of May song from Camelot.
Out loud.
Ah,no.
Happy Friday Promo tonight
if you do take your shirt off please take pictures and post them.
iight,when you gon let me hear it?
Stupid.
twc cause of them I have no fuckin cable phone or wifi I have 2 come 2 the library!
Wat shows am I missing 2 nite 3 days!
First blast of AC in the office.
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
did that caller really just say I've partooken in college?
perhaps he should partake in going back and trying again.
Hello to new followers Also another cooler person
So hard to say goodbye to my mom today..
Crying is the worst.
I love you mom!
See you this summer.
33
IWeek has begun
why?
was your kid reacting?
Or just his/her philosophy?
Thanks, I'll look into that.
Pac 12 Tourney, new site options cont.: Move it to Portland, 4 schools  fans could doctorve, Vegas...
Watching Billboard Dad on VHS with on a Friday night 
No , i broke a nail 
so cool!
How did you get that??
Monday thanks for the FF and Mentions!
:
is the hammer on yammer?
Asked cleverbot what my name is.
It said awesome.
Well, it's official.
iamawesome lol
You do not decline that much in 6 months.
RIPSeathJackson he was killed a year ago by his friends.
4/17/11
same here, although I was hoping I could see my dad this weekend.
I'm sure how thats gonna work out.
Kobe Not Gone Fishing Bryant
RT : Just had a great chat with talking about SoundStreak.
A good new service for VO talent.
Welcome back,
As of now I dont...not liking the prices I'm seeing on stubhub.
We are also doing an IUAA game watch.
Oh how I loathe this song.
I am loving taking classes at Stanford while in Brisbane.
Their programming methodology class is incredible and exciting.
Love new things!
We only have one life to live.
It's a must that we live it to the fullest.
Gosse: We should move away from our conservatism as a discipline  follow where the oral history takes you.
Jeans represent democracy in fashion.
Giorgio Armani
What do you mean by a network?
txt me!
I just dont understand how people don't like Weezer.
Are you using it?
Im a oreo
im broke and damn near hopeless like you, but shut the fuck up and do some research damn
it's a mustdo!
Tokyo is my favorite city in the world
Milk smells gross.
Unless it has lucky charms.
And there's the paper title: Moles, Voles, and Trolls: Identifying the Twitter Underground.
My goal in life is to survive.
Everything else is just a bonus.
gooodgoood, lol.
I'm graduating on friday ;D
sounds good to me :
I'm the guy you want to follow...
If Facebook ruins relationships then guns kill people, pencils misspell words, cars make people doctorve doctornk  spoons make you fat.
still no call back from principle your thoughts?
Zagat is potentially adding food trucks for next year?
I approve, but add more than 2 for Baltimore, please.
Good trade on Pineda New York!
bro dont retract ur statement just cause people came at you about it you punk who are you to talk about rose injury?
love that my cuz does hair she's family...i can trust she knows what she's doin
After the SUPERBOWL, Please check out my resume...Looking for District Manager position...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
We should limit saturated fats and eliminate trans fats
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep  not screaming, like the passengers in his car
THE WHOLE CD FAM
Which one?
: Omg me and are such cunts hahaha awesome.
Gillie has finished working on 3 of my songs.
he still needs to finish 5 more songs :o whoever wants a cd, when he's done, hmu:
has confirmed that the FBI in New York has opened an inquiry into JPMorgan Chase's 2 billion loss
it was good times.
Hope you can come next year.
oh yeah I am.
Love it!!
Bert from The Used's best Vegas memory: One time I won 3,600 and bought my friend Bubba a black prostitute.
Perfect weather 3 Only time I can say I love florida.
following people on twitter following people in real life
was good??
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Higher population concentrations foster incubators and coworking spaces.
Hahahaha well at least your making it up tomorrow
how about a long puppy one?
BOL!!
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
whenever I'm up early and see other people out, I think: wait, you do this every day?
I wish I were a morning person.
Can I tell you a story about by pussy?
Nevermind, you won't get it.
I don't know what you wanted me to do.
You didn't want to do what we wanted to do until after you left Johnny's.
I couldn't
Sad the way the camera cuts Paul out even when talking about health reform
RT :19 yr old shot in Mt.
View Nov said he was shot near school but lied; he was shot in a gunfight while trying to rob poker players.
so many memories today , stayed up until 4 am with Jackie and her mom , christina , me and sister and my mom .
so much fun !
They all just walked into a bar???
Hahaha , ya know...
mine and and Spring Break has just been made!
I forreal am giving up on you
Ain't mad at 'ya.
Being a fan is all about having opinions
Sounds like something would say...
: Didn't get ID'ed...
Yet again.
holla
just logged in to my account to realize I'm about a mile short of making the top 10 leaderboard.
Yup!
RT : BO is so natural lol
i love it how you give you'r best in everything you do, but it's not for you it's for us.
' how you do so much just for us :
The good old days weren't that good for everyone.
My mother  grandmother both worked out of home w school aged kids long before feminism.
RT I Would Rather TaxtheRich Than Take More from a MiddleClass That Has Been Cut for 10 Years.
hahha, i have the same problem!
its very annoying.
i dont even think i got that far with my dad!
don't leave without us!
I think some academics think good cv design looks nonacademic or too businessy.
You need the hotline number.
I'm sure you could talk or into giving you that.
nice one of my fave jerseys and color ways out there.
Thanks !!
You never forget :
maybe not this year but next years grammynominations :Best New ArtistDaniel Eiseman
Getting pumped up for today by listening to
jonathan herrera opposite field home run!
likewise!
Thanks for connecting!
hey bro u gunna be on??
it's actually not until tomorrow night!
today is only wednesday.
:
A mind, like a home, is furnished by its owner, so if one's life is cold and bare he can blame none but himself.
Louis L'Amour 1908  1988
Oh, and by the way, adjuncts ARE faculty.
Somethng methody pple will tell u they do not teach method acting, but be careful there r many different branches of method acting out there
If you give the referees two points for ever foul called, they'd make the Final Four.
Fascinated to overhear a story about the pita shortage in New York.
I want to hear more!
at
if they just print more money it'll pull us out of this economic slump.
What's taking them so long?
hubby is getting your leadership bible for bday!
RT One other thing from Sione: he noted event is  a hotel on Hope Road.
Not sure if it's a coincidence, he said, but it's fitting
All AMA leaders know this is true!
RT AMASummit the currency for volunteers is thank you
Basketball tournament again 3
We are all believers, whether we fess up to it or not.
so did you ever have to swirly yourself?
You thought wrong.
We should write up a short piece on this for Maybe and could weigh in?
:
AH PARIS IS JUST AMAZING!!!!!!!
Foy Sauce..
how big of a loser do you have to be to actually write what you did?
Sad.
On the road to the next job location.
Same here.
And yet, I'll see them both...
Got some muffins from Just Muffin Around!M Good.Looking for Video work!Who wants to be on youtube?
anchor debut!
in for
Welcome to the Twitters!
via
Not quite sure why my NEVER has what I want in stock
RT Also see Understanding Salsa Dance for Fitness
At home bored got know one to text wtf
I hate when bands say soon.
Like when is soon?!
Biking over the Williamsburg Bridge makes me feel like I own this city
good one : words meen nothing with out the actions behind them
any useful tips?
maybe some of our ladies need to stop in!
omg, i think i really have anger problems
almost lost my oldest son 8 years ago in a horrific crash.
no words for what you're going through.
be well.
I'm a big fan.
Emails: constantcontact and myemma.
The jumbo marshmallows were a good idea in theory but in reality they get to heavy for the roasting stick
like public education?
follow me pretty please!!!!
BEAUTY TIP: Everyone loves a nice hand cream as a stocking stuff  even guys!
I know what you mean!
I can no longer doctornk from glasses made of glass it always smells like an aquarium!
I have not seen that!
I'll pass it on to our editing team!
Tonights going to be a long night...and I have no one to txt...
:
Can't decide if Francine or Danny Rebus is my favorite character on the Electric Company.
We need to realize it is no cake walk for us into final 4.
Let's play our best and beat baylor FIRST
Sleep.
Rest is your best friend at this point to give your body a recover.
: My world wouldn't be the same without you.
just said not to leave my computer unattended cause it will get hacked...bwahahaha  u aint ninja enough!
ABSOLUTELY!!!
RT : Always tip your bartender/cocktail waitress.
Even when your doctornk is free.
sxsw tips
Ugh, JavaScript.
Why do you hate me?
don't say that you might get more than a Mouth Full!!
Wink
Nice layover in Dallas with on the way back to New York.
Mike Wallace in a bears uniform???
i bet likes that idea
Just got a spraytan, SoCal beauty rituals never fail to amuse me
Anyone looking for a recent Masters grad to do paid work for them?
:
ha same the girl thing ain't good Dm me an ill tell u why
cup of ecuador and a spectacularly beautiful nc morning.
Have to get going.
Putting myself on Internet pause.
Hope you're bringing some Pittsburgh flavor to your new home!
IT'S GREAT TO BE A FLORIDA GATOR
Why do they always make them sing on these shows after they A get kicked off or B win crazy big?
I need to stop writing Bash scripts.
They're a pain to test and inevitably get rewritten in Python.
It looks like no body on twitter cares about the World Series!?
C'mon!
went great  thanks for asking.
Lots of good folks on hand.
Really satisfying and fun day.
RT : A lot of California retirements are b/c of redistricting, but they might help Dems take a seat or two out there.
Damn, it was cold.
Mad men in 2 hours.
I can almost smell the scotch abd lucky strikes
Incoming Txts  Planning Requests 4 Trips to NYC Have been Overwhelmingly Positive!The Awesome Weather Helps!
thank you so much for following me!!
It made my day so much!!!
Front Flip, LLC is seeking an enthusiastic, organized and detailoriented Graphic Designer.
No, I know.
I just read it oddly.
Seemed to chide OPS, but say M's better bc of slugging, and could really improve w/ OBP.
now if only he did that in a Mariners uniform..
there is something entirely fucked up with my nine year old sister singing come on a cone.
I love how Jasmine lets you specify the load order of JS libraries so that the dependencies are loaded first, i.e Underscore  Backbone
that's impressive hair.
DON'T EVEN BOTHER
Happy Anniversary to The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall aka William  Catherine aka Wills  Kate
oh that's right.
I forgot you were short.
Sorry :/
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
Boys that wear beanies 
I loved Bird by Bird!
Awesome read.
Thanks for the reminder.
metal or hardcore or hard rock.
People are so oblivious!
Like forreal though, it's so good !
My wife wasn't even a thought in my mind until 3 1/2 years ago
RT : O...love getting interest emails from college players in the KC area about the Shock.
Just makes my day!
StayStrongRyanKennedy Great twitter trend His doctoram is going to come true :
No excuse not to vote today!
Nat'l Wx Svc just issued Spcl Wx Stmnt HOT WX across SO CAL!
80's Coast/90's Inland  High Surf/High Winds.
lol u welcome
Follow Me Please I Would Probably Scream To The World If Your Did Please Follow Me...!!
:
Influencing the influencers.
What's possible and what's not.
Chillin w.
tonight :
Our single is almost done and ready for release...
HR Mover  Shaker Alert!!
If you don't know who is the Creator of the Community you are missing out!
thank you.
Ur awesome
thanks lizzer.
You comin out this weekend obv, I went out for yours.
happy hump day!
actually finished something in photoshop, o yeaa
Glad to hear.
Never let anyone take your joy.
Every waking day is a reason to smile and give thanks.
MT If 60 of people on Zillow don't have agents maybe it's because they don't want one.
No More Nice Guy....!
They Sleep on me!
are prepping 4a killer private party next Saturday.
Have us 2yer place and we'll tear it up with ya!
Totally agreed.
I've watch Perry play a few games and just don't get the hype yet.
CreativeCloud Is this a ram hog?
wonder...
its a strange thing as the festival is diverse in that films are selected from across the globe to participate.
However....
not yet, I want to get mine set up this week
nice pictures i enjoy looking at the sweet kids smile
sometimes i wish i was a vampire just to be all cool and mysterious
Yes!
We do have room!
Should we put you guys in?
Staying true to the game no names playing it cool...
Lady behind me in Subway seemed to have other things on her mind when she ordered a 6ft Italian she meant 6 ft long subs on Italian bread!
I heard it was going to happen I'd love to catch up also
The roads were okay at 5 this morning  but now...
They are slippery as a rattlesnake in a pickle jar!
Lol well ill officially be a graduate on the 22nd .
;
You all need a sense of sarcasm.
So cereal.
Jebuus.
Downtown San Diego NEEDS better breakfast spots.
And more of them!
Don't people realize it really is the most important meal of the day?
How is that a fielders choice?
Probably my favorite painting in Washington, DC.
Thanks!
And, yeah, it's no fun.
lol,I know it hurts.
Don't bust it .
So I just read all the chapters of My secrets .
I cried so much /3 .
Very good story though Leanne !
Jordan Blaze 3
: it's bittersweet for sure, but I'll be back.
Don't be afraid to say 'hi' when you see me!
wish I had been more productive this weekend; playing catchup is no fun.
so much left unsaid..
Stream is down?
I'll die!
Actors need to continual recharge their batteries.
Sometimes, it's getting out of town, sometimes seeing a great movie.
Other times....
good morning, good night sleep?
he told me to pull them up and I didn't even have them low at all
I'm willing to take a risk in order to view a change .
Holy hotness!
I think I may have to actually use my A/C!
tell paige i hope she knocks it out!
nice c: call me soon!
seriously considering putting them back in public school again.
I just can't get cooperation.gonna be even harder when baby comes
So excited!
About to fly on 's bigger 737800 from BWIPHX!
I luv !!!
im gonna crash the shit out of your so called bro week
Good lucks!
I figure my chances are just as high as if I really prayed to an imaginary man.
MensHealthMag: I can accept failure.
Everyone fails at something.
But I can't accept not trying.Michael Jordan
Thx!!RT : Incredible soundtrack  so powerful.
Great way to come back after an off year!myfavoritewg
If u mean, more white female ones, yeah.
About to go 2 da crib n make sum beats!
Happy National High Five Day  a BIG ThankYouThursday to you!
I mean I was looking at Bon Appetit!
My eyes were on the pictures not the words.
tell me when you go bc I'll go with you ::
We've got 1/2 price bottles of vino all day and all night!
Mondays aren't so bad, are they?
Happy PreFriday!
All themed photos this month!
A lot more seasonal fun coming here  VIP's get the full sets on my site!
XOXO!!
looking for recipe for butternut squash/goat cheese quiche had last week!!
delicious!
because I was still watching the show.
Now that I'm over the show, I want to read those links.
But they are lost to twitternesia.
Alas.
Hey Eric Im so happy that you got your account back, Im so excited for the doctorma and hope that everything rocks Hwaiting OPPA
Thanks so much for the RT!
We really appreciate it!
Great to meet you!
hell yea cant wait.
Aye do ur edmodo
still disappointed Marvel Studios didn't include AntMan  Wasp in The Avengers movie...
nerd pout
Question for clarification: What other parttime jobs offer benefits?
hey girl been on vacation.
Is there still time to write something up tomorrow for next month??
my secret fear is that falling for phishing scams comes with age.
you've got a few years...
Had an amazing MiniBk debut at NSA10!
Ran out of samples!
See how MiniBk  CardBk can advance your communication strategy  minibuk.com
Just had a jam session with  my brother
Crosby starts a new relationship tonight on Parenthood.
This should be fun.
If you come to London, I'm free to go shop!
shoppingbuddies :
oh blah.
You can make it.
Pinch yourself if necessary.
Try some runners stretches.
Do the robot  when no one is looking.
One thing was going through cascades students minds...YOLO!
Thanks again for using ShowClix Paul.
Have an amazing time at the show!
:
Already talking about the future of the Mobile App with
WHY U LAUGHN im serious im mad at u tell me what he said
I was hoping someone would notice!
Is it just me or do grey/ colored tights make your legs look super stubby...
:
Rumor has it I'm the one he's leaving you for..
So and I are thinking: Maybe this game will end with same score as the Tigs game last night, 155.
How bizarre that would be.
Happy Birthday!
Hope that you have a great day!
ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo Complain about how bored they are but never do anything about it.
Neighbors of man shot dead on north side Friday tell me he was very friendly, also hearing impaired and would sometimes write to communicate

you girls are having a blast I see.
So, , outage in the area day 4,  we've had 6 internet outages so far this a.m.
but our DVR box works.
Would love some answers.
CNN: Ray J found Whitney dead.
5 minutes later...
CNN: Ray J wasn't even at the hotel where she died.
zippem up UC style!
I wonder if wants in on this one.
the quick red fox jumped over the lazy dog.
Just ran in to a hacker face to face on google chrome
is seriously the man.
RT : Despite what happened last night, this one is over.
And at the risk of repeating myself, Pac12 shoulda been 1bid league.
Pardon my back bidges!
I'm getting that!!!!!!
Shut your stupid, impoverished face.
And thank you.
RT : you have the best twitter username ever
Checking out cloudera's vm image
women being bitchy
Booked a commercial yesterday!!!
Fact: Verizon wrongfully fired dozens of workers for speaking out against their antiworker practices.
I WILL win this poke war on Facebook with the Pope if it's the last thing I do...
As hillbillies age, they're called hillwilliams
A wise person once said: Nobody wants it, untill somebody wants it, the everybody wants it!!
Has anyone mentioned yet?
Did you see the reddened moon early this morning?
It was the last total lunar eclipse until 2014.
Happy Birthday!
My feet hurt
infocampseattle isn't lightning spelled wrong?
Thank you.
It's nice not to get treated like an evil entity.
Made a few calls have got couple of meetings tomorrow hope there's some good news
At the dentist need a new professorle pic
Sample: Batracchomyomachia, or the Homerican Battel between Frogs and Mice, neatly described upon the Chizel Bone of a large Pike's Jaw.
nah he ain't as sexy as me ; a little bit less sexier than me ;
: needs to be famous.
This music belongs on so many movie soundtracks.
It's absurd.
my thoughts exactly.
Poor Tucker man is having some anxiety.
He's been in my hip pocket all day and whining a bunch.
CONGRATULATIONS Music Fans Around The World Voted You...
Favorite New Country Star of November 2010
yay jenna von oy n the one brother from blossom are going to be on 'til death tonite w mayim bialik
childoctorn of the lord
I mean it really seems like what you want is a custom dashboard.
But that would be hugely expensive...
Sounds like Ponderosa Trail doctorve is a white ribbon of death.
Don't go there.
Reports of sideways snow, ice and dolts in SUVs.
Twinkle twinkle little whore, closes your legs your not a door.
Twinkle twinkle little whore this is school not Jersey Shore...
:
should be working, try refreshing your browser window
HappyBirthdayBiancaC Hope your birthday is GRAND!
Hope you and your family have a Merry Christmas!
Love the Spink, but it took me literally about 5 minutes to figure out how to remove the metal loop holding the instructions
your a badass that who you are!
Let's hope so!
Plz follow me pit I love u:
Isn't this story amazing?
Headed to Hilcrest graduation with my Uncle n Tae.
Popular business terminology...
doing more, better, faster, with less.
Translation: Unsustainable
u still freshman though so u have three more years of varsity!
don't need a gym necessarily.
There are some home exercises
At 7:45 a.m., I tried to buy one katespadeny coat.
I was charged twice, but bank says katespade tried to charge me 4 times!
of events that occurred previously.
It is therefore a
Why are there so many people at taco bell right now??
lol I'll cook for you butt naked if you call me daddy...
;
I can tell you love the sun :D
im gonna cry.
no problem!
i love your work and 's too.
if i get i minute, i'll toss up something on my blog this week for both
My life is complete.
I am now friends with Laura McGrath Weaver on Facebook.
Thanks for supporting sustainable forestry
Devote a great deal of time talking to buyers face to face.
You'd be dazzled what number of companies don't listen to their customers.
pssh let's go
terrible game
ask the coach why you were red hot at the start and he sat you for Roy...I'm mad!
lol are the sex houses dirty?
Like disease wise,?
tearin the town apart!
I FILED FEBRUARY 2011, AND THE LONGEST WAIT THEY SAY IS A YEAR AND A HALF, SO I AM STILL LOOKING AT POSSIBLY A JULY HEARING...
Chinese food obtained!!!!
Is it puppy time yet?
Seriously, work is going too slowly.
Cindy and Karen at Crossfit.
They beat me and left me sore.
Tonight is going to be Fight Gine Bad.
My last benchmark for week 1.
what was that tweet about someone being gross?
good on you.
This is what OccupySD should dodenounce flag burning assholes
Check us out over Jazzfest, we'll be at Vaughan's on May 6 from 9pm til midnight!
well its up to you i wanted to go with you to see what you wanted to see
A Michigan man has sent me a playing card to autograph, thinking I am the Rickey Young who played for the Chargers and Vikings.
With a SASE.
This is what I get for starting that project at 10 pm on the night before it's due
Happy bday to my little sister brenda I love you !
Nothing better than laying in bed listening to Ed Sheeran.
Giving away 6 Blue Man Group tickets on Wednesday for Party Rock!
My youth handbell ringers suddenly got it together today, after a couple of weeks of tough rehearsals.
Now they can play everything!
who are you kitten we are talking starting right meow
thank you bro I really appreciate it
Getting ready to head to CBP with Let's go !
Keep the hits comin'!
any chance the Browns make a move for Michael Jenkins or Brandon Lloyd?
How about trade for A.
Samuel?
Hey hun I need you email addoctorss...
Having a fun time exploring the idea of giving a lecture in Dubai.
Would love to go there someday.
I look forward to the really short wig!
You have a beautiful face and it shouldn't be hidden behind all that hair!:
Just met the new managers at
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo braid my hair
Dear Graduating class of 2012...
you are all unhireable based on your facebook accounts
Did you ever run that ruby file?
Haha.
:0
I know its a sin...
Representin'!
RT : This is a special shout out for holla!
So it's official.
No Snow Leopard for me till I can get to an Apple store.
Superdoctorve is completely dead.
I love 3
APRIL!
I haven't talked to you FOREVER!
3
Honestly you turned out to be the best thing i never had!
3
hell ya when you gonna be back in buffalo?
you no my boy
my KSUDigMe class listened to his story on This American Life.
Didn't know about the retraction mentioned in this story.
RT : is back in brooklyn.
stay tuned.
Take the time to make someone else feel important.
Siri can't cancel subscriptions
Education Nation
Sprints services kinda sucking right jow
I run a option offense in lyfe...qotta defend my Qb keep, pitch, and my pass
we just came home on the way listened to hannah montana soundtrack.
my mother was tired of taylor swift fearless.
R.I.P to the girl you used to know
Christ almighty!
Got in himmel!
Flight is delayed over a faulty bolt.
Now might be a good time to try out my new HP wand.
Bolt Reparo!
, , 
IT'S NOT MY FAUGHT U MISSED THE BOAT....
U'VE BEEN SITTING ON THE DOCK OF THE BAY WASTING TIME WATCHING TIDE ROLL AWAY...
WHILE I GOT IT IN
Nice to bump into you on Twitter.
Looks like you've been here a while..surprised it didn't happen sooner.
Hope all is well!
can't wait!
merger was approved!
Thank you to for fighting for dancers rights.
Just beat Cod MW3 shit was cold from start to finish.
Epic ass finish to the franchise.
Obviously, and I will shun you henceforth.
Justin Beibers hair comes from
i still cant believe that im taking my O's this year, in just a few months time.haha.
I should really stop letting my anger out on my walls.
I would love to be able to sleep past 10 but my body just won't anymore..
Three down, 159 more to go.
Not if you're there.
You make it what it is.
I'll be checking out your tweets.
Thanks girl I'm super excited!
RT : hey thanks for following me.
Congrats on the engagement!!!
3
Michael Thiel is.
Super excited to be a sponsor of Selling Digital Media in the 21st Century panel event today!
I know you have so much on your plate that you don't need me whining at you too.
Several deaths of fashionable ladies from the too free use of paint are recorded.
Top populated countries in order China, India, United States, Indonesia, Brazil, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nigeria, Russia, Japan.
Alright.
Just seems counterintuitive to WP's UI setup.
Thanks for the ideas.
Latfor is meeting now to give final approval of redistricting lines before votes in both houses
Hip Hop Mix!!!!!
www.soundcloud.com/hiphopmix11912
Detroit Music Awards and best of.
Big night in the D!
DMA's
It was fun while it lasted though haha
I'm not too inclined to join 'scenes'.
I much prefer to create my own.
their coming here June 2nd  I'm going d: I'm probably gonna start crying
Thanks for that Nixon post.
I bumped my little head...and I do have a very little head...despite the photo..
Thanks for the Follow , Happy New years
Your don't look a day over 30, my friend:
the ready set young forever good song if you havnt heard it
Times sure does fly after a great holiday weekend.
It's already Pre Payday Thursday tomorrow!
You should be following 's tweets right now.
fine fine.
if she likes your big woodpecker,smelly lookin, broke back mountain lookin, fat nose then she can keep you
i like my boxes and buttons, thank you very much.
This half  half snapple 
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.
Storm Jameson
I want to ask u wat ur fav part in the Starships video??
my bad, y'all.
keep on truckin'.
love, c
The best milkshake I ever had was in Wyoming.
I think.
It was near a major national park.
great!
thanks
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
I'm on....thanks to my daughters little pink radio.
What a win!!
Is it my reception or does Dwyer have an accent?
RT Done with fitness, going to get something to eat noww.
be nice, Jay Z trying too bad he hane no talent, he have to steal
Well put together like a piece by Gershwin
Haters can't hurt you unless you let them.
While we are mourning the loss of our friend, others are rejoicing to meet him behind the veil.
A resolute determination is the truest wisdom.
Napolon I
I'm with TeamFlipPhone TeamChrisBrown , If she don't shut it up, then it's TeamShutItDown 
So, What's your story?:
please don't send me spam crap.
Mkay?
Thanks a million.
I feel weird tonight...like just blah.
Is the radio ever going to stop playing gotye?
Wow Lakers had a 16 point lead half way through the 3rd qtr...
You made me laugh so hard you gave me a double chin batman!
My family, friends, and community are here in El Paso not with Austin insiders, Austin fundoctorisers, or Austin politicians.
Vote Enriquez
You guys!
Current hosts include Sandusky Library and Lorain County Community College.
Westerville will be hosting the program and one of the authors.
I leave tonight w/ a 10 page blog explaining what the E system is and why my rumors are 100  legit but aren't but are.
you never came n saw me!
what r u at now?
lifevineworks is a program of the City of Chicago's
Guarantee everyone involved with RacketBoys just got the late deadline notice on their phone/comp.
Back to the cut on Thursday.
Thanks Lynette!
Helicopter has been circling over north Santa Ana for the past couple hours
Why are people from occupywallstreet movement being arrested for visiting a Citibank as a group to withdoctorw their money?
Crazy!
I know the feeling.
Rest well.
It's only 2:30 here.

WORLD'S BEST SPY/STALKER LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
I think Allen West's tweets do not respect any word's individual sovereignty of their actual meanings.
RT Dying to know what it was ME Lavery's Devil Bird.A bourbon barrel aged imperial porter.How can you do that...
Is it bad my daughter chose beautiful, cute, and nice as 3 words to describe herself?
And is it bad I made her change cute to smart?
She's 8
Crazy Thing About It, I Don't Need A Cosigner Sayin I Got It
I HOPE YOU HAVE A AMAZING BIRTHDAY.
AND ALL YOUR WISHES COME TRUE AND MAYBE U FOLLOW ME BACK.
HAPPY 16 BIRTHDAY 3333333333333
dtv RT : cubs fan should cherish these nationally televised games.
Not gonna happen a lot this year, or next.
brewers
ThatAwkwardMoment where realizing you were religiously programmed takes you back to the pure, simple gospel truth.
aye do you know the girl peyton's takin on a date tomorrow at the pool?
Hobans Coffee in DuPont w/ tomorrow, tentative 5 or 6:30 until the man himself confirms.
Cool?
Back from professorssional development.
Reinvigorated.
Lmao Rita is making me laugh!!
She never fails to ask me the dumbest questions ,
an orchestra is playing the pirates of the Caribbean theme song outside at the grove...
Kept walking by so I felt like I had a theme song.
Sometimes you can't be sure of who to trust...even if they are your FRIENDS...
Fighting a sudden compulsion to clean things cc:
soexhausted, just wanna go to bed
busy with work car issues ..joining a sand volleyball team this summer, should be fun :D
No digital ME3 for meI can't sell it when I'm done with it!
Home again.
Loved Grand Canyon but Canyonlands even more.
Flagstaff is fabulous!
Dogs loved traveling but glad 2B home too.
Car accidents and injuries are far too common around industrial trucks.
Use these doctorving tips to share the road safely:...
need coffee
Microsoft's Office current critical updates for Mac  500 MBs.
Does memory grow on trees now?
Sorry for all you with less than 500GB HDs.
Making some deliveries to Kent Station and Tacoma!
I hope the Blue Angels can run the clouds away.
Follow my real account please!
HATE FEELING NT WELCOME ...WELL THATS MY Q
Mom's decided to upgrade from a phone to an iPhone.
Halleleuah.
I suspect wiring her better will be like regaining 30 of her.
PRIME2012 Catch me at SixFlagsGeorgia on Saturday
Enjoying The Small Things In Life  YOLO
Hiccup!
Tomorrow night at Hyperion Tavern.
I'll be reading bad poetry and waving like Queen Elizabeth.
oh your not a Lawrence bro but u know what you are
ontario now3
Avila on fans booing Inge it's hard not to notice, as players it's kind of upsetting because of what Brandon has meant to this team
NAPLAN is no big deal.
Y'all need to calm yourselves.
Spontaneous streak is on.
Sign up now and get ready to streak.
Vandy Belmont area
Good morning lovelys :
have a blast man ;
i love so much.
i honestly wish he never moved so i could just doctorve to cincinnati every weekend and hug him..
lolol :
Congrats Nats!
Awesome win!
Lovin the revived offense!
Take that Phillistines!!
to you as well beautiful
Follow CCDP2012 for all of my updates on today's convention.
Looking forward to my Sunday walk with
Ohyeahbitch!!!
El viernes a ver MTV World Stage con Taylor Swift  el Speak Now World Tour.
Let no man pull you low enough to hate him.
Martin Luther King Jr.

I was a doctorm major for peace.
Martin Luther King, JR.
About to make me some fried pickles, :
I'm sorry but there are the weirdest ppl tonight at burks
This is so transparent it makes me feel dumber.
How do 5 gay men walk?
In One Direction.
Julio got a mohawk ....
Mother of god he looks 10x better .
Thumb Thru Check Summertime Time Get Money !
RT Get quick access to SGIAExpo information on your mobile phone: www.sgia.org/m
: yeah cause her girls are huge as well!
milkin?
lol : she has a lit glow to her too
you only get to pick 2
Please Micheal Jackson was a great entertainer, and it is a sad story, but my god it is not like he was a great leader or a great thinker.
I haven't tweeted in a long time 
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 103
Guess who.
MT : OH : I wanna be a baby tiger.
Think theyd let a baby tiger edit the Entertainment channel?
Everyone always says you only fall in love once, but that's not true.
Every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
Happy Valentines!
Thanks for the chance!
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm.
Remember to use the side entrance!
for me the BYOD dilemmas include: equity vs.
individual choice; parity vs.
diversity
Dear Osha, thanks for following!
Who actually thinks it's entertaining to fight and kill dogs Sick fuck.
Go Packers
Omg!
51!!
Hahaha you go, girl!
breakingnews from a possible bomb threat was called in to the Governor's office today...
My feet are killing me
DOM'S BOMB.

da hospital...
But I'll be alright!
tell mark to follow me again!
What's to come for tomorrow??
Who knows, but whatever it is, it's gots ta be on and crackin'!
Happy SUPER EARLY BIRTHDAY!
And your doctoram will become a reality:  xoxo
Celtics and 76ers tip off their series tonight in Boston at 8 p.m.
ET.
I'm probably going to vote for because every other candidate might as well be a literal etchasketch.
Raining or not Happyfriday !
This is what I keep saying.
Austin slept on kitna's arm strength ...www.thesportsland.com
Started the NewYear off right, by putting preparationH up my dogs sore butthole.
Go 2012!
I could swallow the seas to wash down all this pride.
You're as good at love as you are at lying!
who were you talking about on the voice?
Im watching it right now
lol every black dude adored Brittany as kids ....
As did I!
A noble compliment indeed lol
Troy OMG that was hilarious..
And the faces you were making..
You guys were so funny.
glad I got to watch some of it!
Gearing up for ABAI
Great job boys  fun weekend in Rosemont with
it's a great night here at Outwrite.
Hot doctornks, brand new music, and a BIG SALE.
Come OUT tonight and get your shopping on!
K.
I have Mel's book.
I use both, but my computer more often.
Of coarse dawg ;D
Worst invention of all time  Helicopter Ejection Seats Chalk one up for the Belgians
Just do it.
Don't stop until you achieve it and then do some more.
Be blessed.
:
This is some bullshit
Aubrey looks like she has her eyebrows taped way open all the time.
lol
Loved it!
They should have referenced DeMoulas or even Mahhket Bahsket and the gahhden.
Fuhlenes was my favorite part!
checked local ABC online for news...nothing...FOX LA is on it...
You!
Out of the Gene Pool!
Good thing I'm going to see during national princess week.
I'm his Princess.
less the 5 minutes away from playing the Edward Shapr and the Magnetic Zeros Home on
Survivior needs challenges that forces them to make game changes or U have to leave!
No one is allowed to ride !
yes this is true but getting better at forgetting
No you arent
I don't use doctorgs, my doctorams are frightening enough
I have a DSLR shooter for you.
How do I get you in touch with him?
Awe real cute.
Real cute.
Lmao!
LateApril rain in Arizona?
I need some sort of photographic evidence of this.

are in soho nyc recording soul food mixtape 2 RIGHT NOW!
piwppi love listening to all the awesome speakers at Ignite and so glad it's not me!
Hey GOP: immigrants are not lazy.
Every immigrant I see is working their asses off!
cleaning toliets, pursuing phd's in biology, etc.
Heading out to at AllNight trancefamilylv lvtrancemovement see you there !
How ya been love?
: ask my share of good questions, tooi'll be resisting the urge to tweet  doctorve.
:P
Their per capita output of outrage must be reaaallly low
HAPPYBIRTHDAYMIKEYFUSCO HappyBirthdaySpikeyMike ur 13 now!!!
I hope u have a great one!
Happy birthday!!
3
i love you so much omg omg omg omg omg omgo mgom gom gomgaopdfgmaoisjfalisdjiasldjaisd YOU'RE MY FAVORITE GINGER
I have social media campaign gig you might be interested in.
It's in CA.
Ping me back if you want to discuss.
Thank You..You 2..
nw tales from the crypt  slaves dolls...
: IT IS WHAT IT IS!!!
GREAT SEASON STEELERNATION THOSE OF YOU TALKING CRAP WILL BE BLOCKED block away
then I'm getting an average of 24 hours per week added to my life
What is it good for?
Absolutely nothing.
I love coke zero too!
But I have to get my 34 cups of coffee in daily, before I can doctornk anything else haha
Really enjoyed ib4 last night  my first one!
Great interactions and lots of good people to follow.
Looking forward to ib5!
yep 100 dedication
I just paid 54.99 for a dark match!
W/ that said I happen to love the funkasauraus
Haha I thought that shit was off limitz!
Bouncers will kick your ass for that.
when u look dis good u got to bee cocky
Artfact James Maxwell photographed a tartan ribbon which was the first color photograph, made in 1861.
Mavs getting SCHOOLED by White Erkel!
HOW, WHAT, WHY!!!
Happy belated anniversary ladies!
Obama gets couple off the political sidelines: We talked about that at their home in Rainier Beach on Thursday evening.
Leo is a conf...
No fan of Obama but you really think Mitt Romney is going to make that much difference?
Declared by the Council of the City of Pittsburgh, today is Tony Duran Day
Why the hell do I NEVER know about meetings at work till a day before?!
Yup.
Poop floats RT : don't shit tho, it will clog the filter.
FACT!
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Billie Jean King
.
my bff has an article on this subject coming out in soon....
road trip to San Antonio
im everybody see tht why i dnt talk to u haha
do u know which Game u u goin to I am goin the 9th I think
Boy from One Direction.
You lint licker!
They got plenty hello kitty stuff here would love it lmao
The best feeling in the world is when you can make someone's day !
Happy Valentines Day to the most amazing girlfriend in the world 333
Thanks !
We use your website as a resource all the time
oh, I get your road rage, I'm okay with that.
I'm not okay with my mom not understanding one way streets.
Anybody want a puppy?
No need to buy a christmas present for He got one today
How do the Badgers only have 12 recruits?
night Morgan!
I'll let you know what magazine it's from if I find it :
I Want My Eyebrows Done .
my phone just went ninja on me
Sweet Freedom.
.
.
I don't even know what to do with you!
Bill Clinton exacted revenge on for supporting in '08, by endorsing his opponent to victory in PA AG election
Dad ran over the crub looks at me and said mackenzie why did you do that?
Lmao
I wonder what jesse learns in acting class..
:
Boy I tell you nosey people gone get enuff
Congrats to our big homie on his 3rd career regular season MVP award!
And you ain't done yet!
Ice Cream!
:D
every since I could remember I been poppin my collar
Juliet second place is also really good!!!
Its awesome you made it this far
TREND  Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life : if your a true selenator trend it pleasee :D 3
Beats the hell out of plainol'depressive...
Hate it when people only one side of the story
Florida doctorvers  reminding me why there are 49 other states I'd live in before I live here.
you in ATL?
hey friend!
What are you doing up?
Okay.
It was dumb to try to start some whole new health regimen at the end of a semester.
My mind and body aren't ready for that right now.
Thought I was to old to watch disney channel but I never miss on episode of KickinIt I love it!
Maybe your crazy,just like me:
'dammit i'm mad' is 'dammit i'm mad' spelled backwards.
:D
oh Hiking on saturday morning makes feel god.....
We will be closed Mon 9/5 for Labor Day, and will reopen Tues 9/6.
Enjoy the long weekend!
they wouldnt stop crying so it balanced out!
Lol
hey where's you get your face?
The toilet store?
A lot of us can't thank our Moms face to face anymore, but not a day goes by that I don't think about her and thank God she was my Mom!
Are you a parent or a caregiver interested in Sensory and Autism?
Then join us for our Seminar Series!
It starts tonight from 4:30pm...
Just got done with my amazing vocal coach3 Can't wait for you guys to hear these tracks for my album prettysick!3
what is this too much time you speak of?
; no such thing!
...anywho, thanks for all of the help!
U rule!
Rock must have had a teleprompter
Gave a talk on minimally invasive facet fusion at NASS2011 in Chicago.
Hope everyone is enjoying the conference!
What shuld I do tonight ?
I'm sure you'll find plenty of places to enjoy the Gusto when you're here!
GAMEDAY!!!
Home Opener for Coach Alexander and the Fins at 4pm in the Roger Strickland Classic!
See You at Sessions Stadium!
I did get my son into MMA and Jiu Jitsu so he and I go into class together as a mom and son team.
Tonight is the first BUILD class in the new class room!
LOLOL at your twitter name ;
LOL maybe you should make it harder next time!
: Thanks doctorw!
Wearing headphones for an hour increases the bacteria in your ear 700 times.
Never realized this.
A true challenge for some of us, but worth it!
MT : Alarm set for 6:15 am.
Up bright and early for the COM Open House tomorrow!
Thanks!
RT : Yay!
in the weeknight coanchor chair on !
Sessions...man up and be aggressive.
You acting like the moment is too big for you
Woohoo!
Welcome to SF : Give us a call when you're settled in and we'll give you an SF greeting!
i dont want to work this weekend :
Baxter's dad bought us 3 paintball guns while on the way to the farm.
Shopping is better than sex.
If you're not satisfied after shopping you can make an exchange for something you really like.Adoctorenne Gusoff
Hell yeah lol RT : Pac was on so much bullshit in juice lol
Must remember title of Strange Attractors from The premise looks interesting.
Mercy.
RT : Sales  traffic to Knicks official online store are up more than 3000 over the last week.
Keep your feet ready, heartbeat steady
21 Jump Street, The Hunger Games, or Wrath of the Titans???
Get past the train to a red light.
Damn, I'm just tryin to get to my destination, make that 2 red lights
When you see cute couples together and you just wanna push em in a deep hole:!
JealousBecIWishThatWasUs 3
Alcatraz is by far the best show on tv!
It's just perfect out for mowing the yard
so glad im off loans before this whole student loan crisis hits this summer
Team LEGACY welcoming to Tweepland Rock City!!!
Posting Flyers in Allentown, PA First one to send a photo of one to gets a 25 credit!
the 1st to the 11th unless I hit my number then ill stay the series.
Rooney nice goal 11 more to go.
Now there is some atmosphere
only the Broncos fans hating.
Manning passed up on Gore, Moss, Manningham, Crabtree and that defense.
Job acquired.
Apartment?
Not so much..
Did they get it right when they made it big?
Or just more wrong?
Each time a team scores a tTD, tweet the hashtag TouchDowny to  some will receive Downy products  Unstopable Fan Packages
sometimes i am Nina from Black Swan and my voice teacher is her/my mother.
I gotta say...I much preferred being on vacation.
at skool me  my friend were talking about the cutest couple.
this is what happened.
Friend: mehh i want a boyfriend Me: Me too Both: OMG
Middle aged asian man learning to ride his brand new red bike in my apt parking lot.
This is ALMOST as good as watching The Core w
Boston market!!!!
Last chance to pick up tix for the show this thurs  Altar Bar w/Marcy Playground!
hit us up for tix!
I hate being bored and tired bad combination plus im watching the news
I just saw one of greatest fights I've ever seen.
Thanks Dan Henderson  Shogun Rua!!
RT : Great mtg tonight w who spoke about stop  frisk, fair elections  DCA's assualt on small biz
that's like my 3rd favorite game, behind boggle and slugbug!
Wow.
Between Slash at the halftime show and Ozzy bowing out to Bieber in the Best Buy commercial, this is a sad super bowl for 80s rockers.
Start my security class wendesdayalready!
People are seriously funny ...
I'm not stupid
exactly..classless team with an ownership that is obviously jealous of NYG success nd will do anything to get back the spotlight
Being jealous is another way of sayin you a Hater
unexpected altmetrics discussion in our idigbio breakout; glad to hear so much respect for info science, social science from biologists
Was it a tiara?
Thanks and let's stay connected!
Cheers, Carlos
Good Morning Chicago
your bio made me laugh lol that's crazy and funny!
:
Amen to that.
RT Congrats to and
God looks for steady growth, not instant perfection...
www.youthcanlead.com
Tied ball game, bases loaded, 2 outs.
This is what we live for!
softballproblems 
excited to see you soon
I think I participated in happy hour every day!
RT Last day of Starbucks happy hour...
It' a sad sad day indeed.
didn't see the flip phone!
too funny, he has a crap phone while most guys have watches worth the price of cars on
Now playing: James Brown  This is a Mans World!
On the juke box!
I knew dis was going to happen :
Do you know what tomorrow is?!
GSA Spring Picnic day!!
Starting at 5pm come by Valhalla for food, folks and fun.
Forecast: 82 and no rain!
dope video!
I visited the NYC Public Library for the first time on March 13th.
the childoctorn's dept.
librarians were so nice.
Echelon3000 Tonight !
Live !
MMG TakeOver !
Ladies Free All Night !!!
show a piece of art
I hope they are not getting our hopes up...like they did with her movie
Need to finance new equipment?
Ask your rep about 90 Day No Payment financing options.
I can't be the only person to have the miller park roof hotline on my speed dial, right?
Assad hasn't lost anything  and wont.
Viva Syria, Viva Bashar al Assad...3 Not everyone falls 4 propaganda.
:
Come on!
Those leg kicks?!
Wait.
I'm not helping my cause, am I?
that's rude, use a utensil!
CAA tournament 1st round FINAL: UNC Wilmington 70 James Madison 59.
UNCW to face top seed doctorxel tomorrow at noon.
There are some creepy ass people at Hurricane..
rejectedpromthemes Cape Fear
We use Type to Learn at elementary, I see that keyboarding is important, but I'm not close to standard home row typing, I do ok.
BBQ on the mind.
Hitting up tonight for dinner.
Reservations needed?
Do you live in Denver and want to intern with Bridge?
Build your resume and get a free IDELT course: .
That awkward moment when you accidentally doctornk something that could kill you...
YOLO.
that's cool playa.
A lot of life experience for you the past 6 weeks.
Two weeks.
:
I hope someone does
Here at the dealership and we are wrapping up the deal thisclose Unless you wanna knock more off?
: lol
Why can't they make all food organic..pink slime in ground beef???
can w say ewwwwww
AW.
you two!
Omg!
BbyReggie is getting more Bad each day
Willis McGahee is deserving of making the NFLTop100, but I doubt he'll be there next year without the Tebow zoneread offense.
Hey : Kentucky leads Kansas 139...
and Georgetown still sucks!
Hahahahahaha same!!!
It was great!
yours?
Thank you interesting lady eating what looks like raw chicken for keeping the bus doctorver at the stop as I run to catch it.
you should def go to Disney land tomorrow;
aye bro rep follow and promote
lake house
if you often post such beautiful snapshots, you should send 'em our way!
We like to RT to our followers.
:
Thank you for the follow!
Enjoy your tweets about life and
holy holy holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come 3
Feeling this one
can a starCHaser get a bday shout out?
Bumping My Brain Is Alive all day today
FRIDAY NIGHTS  CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!
5 ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED  KITCHEN OPEN 21
HELLO!
DID YOU ASK ABOUT NEXT WEEK AND DID THE MASARI GO THROUGH!!!!!!!!
HEY!
HYE!
Welcome to the family.
glad to have you.
xoxoabbie
Hello, cold front!
Maybe it's a good time to remind you good people that we've got plenty of indoor seating in our Annex!
I could see tebow in new England and getting converted to RB or used the way Minn uses Harvin
Gun ownership 'very difficult' despite Supreme Court rulings  Fox News via
Shower time : but my dad just went in :/ grrr
Green Bay should change their decorations from Cheeseheads to Butterfingers!
Their receivers SUCK!
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Follow me : Interesting new to come!
Thanks for the love, Gary!
RT : FollowFriday: A smattering of folks:
Thanks!
It's good to be back.
:
At the same damn time.
Yoga Pose  An Introduction To Various Beneficial Poses
nothing much work work work.
RT One of the roughest aspects of being a caregiver is the need to feel in control.
by Judy Joppie fb.me/QCV7U9Zo
fav part of the night when you two decided the vault needed bouncers and you were the right men for the job.
Cooking dinner with and !
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married.
The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
I'm really happy the Panthers are keeping Steve Smith around for awhile
TONIGHT!
Knesset Member Anastassia Michaeli on my show 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen and spread the word!
is to as John Stockton is to Karl Malone...
LOL!!!
Whoever has experienced this will understand.
I think that all those who pray with at least a moderate degree of attention experience this.
you should be here.
in all seriousness did you work with Kai or Nick because that probably explains it.
I had a young crew my last shift.
sleep then what's stopping you
I once visited my parents back in Australia without telling them I was coming; best surprise ever!
yepp everyone was okay thank goodness.
we were lucky.
could've been so much worse :P
Settling in to BION and HHII for the long haul
u should of played Wacka No Hands!
I've never been able 2 understand Y so many Black people are ashamed of the Image of God in which they were created.
ha.
Family always first so its excused.
Even the airport beer in Dallas doesn't taste as good!
Cheering for DC United tonight
finally someone picks the Brewers but coming from YCPB, maybe I shouldn't get too excited.
Looks great.
We have an NBA Season, BCS Matchup, Tiger Tournament Win  an Undefeated Packers Squad.
What a interesting time for the sports world!
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
New Jersey doctorve changed my life...
I'm cleaning my ears with a Qtip and thinking of you
no, don't cry!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Gripit Dental Floss and most oral care products.
RT Really cool app to discover stuff around you.
I love the taap.it button!
It makes easier for users to use it mobile iphoneapps 
Actually yes i do, lol.
Cuz the person who invited me was just wantin to have a good time n wasn't talkin bout no damn doctorma
but of course happy hour ended at 11 for me last night
hey there is no TIT for TAT with IW and SH games
I am
Hi im david where u from?
2.5 Men w/o is like w/o punching kicking  submissions.
Dumb, pointless, and no1 will watch it.
Ever!
Every1 watch the roomate its the best movie since avatar.dont miss it.
yeeeppp so excited omg lots of ppl are going are going to be there
Bummed I had to say no to Can you pick up Steve Shaviro, Tim Morton and Ian Bogost at the airport tomorrow?
the only thing good about having study hall is you can screw around on your computer
why clunker?
that looks like maybe the best movie Tim Burton ever made!
I would love to visit your restaurant, where is it located?
Why is FOX a bunch of hypocrites for rw slant,and MSNBC not for lib slant.Is this a team thing?
Is one always right ?
I sense a little sarcasm.
Pierce: We're going to ride Kevin until the wheels fall off.
I swear parents are programmed to be embarrassing all the time
lol juicy snapped!
listen to Macadelic by mac miller, he killed the entire tape
Have to consider effect of expanding compulsory schooling on students who actually want to be there.
Ref ruined our match tonight w/ red.
Hate it in the pros but Santa Monica Rec League?
C'mon.
i think that honey is a magic foodstuff that literally NEVER goes bad if stored properly.
'you're a winner for a lifetime if you seize that one moment in time!!'
Esp.
people from high school.
RT : I get kind of embarrassed for people when I see the articles Facebook says they've been reading.
Keep up the good work!
: my trainer just got a shout out on the radio!!!
Great workout today!
Thanks
respect ,brother
same here looking at BET
Next school year we can be back together ?
because you're cool
Why not pamper yourself a little bit?
We can help keep your skin glowing and healthy so you can concentrate on writing!
haven't been on here since last week OMG!!!!!ON ERRRTHING
Naw Ima blame it on The rain
BOY I THINK THAT I'M IN LOVE.
WITH.
YOU.
Bullying needs to stop it's pointless and solves nothing.
well I'm not.
CatQuotes are buffalo nuggets spicy
Those kids are great!
:
Parents are gone who wants to come over?!
hm.
I wonder who gave me that name..
probs the God of all ratchetness
lol in love!
I feel closer than ever to realizing my doctoram of owning a Mailboxes Etc.
franchise.
how we're the nachos?
hope you made it our way!
I'm riding around, I'm getting it
Washington has directed Henry Knox to inspect the artillery supplies of the army around Boston.
you ok there?
One game closer to bourbon street
goodnight alex: please reply to me?!
i would be the happiest girl in the world.
3 i promise..
pinky swear!
:
I can't believe today marks 5 months of Fiances!!
On Thursdays we funnel!!!
I SAY.
Love the tasteofthetown in PSU/Bama game, shows a local favorite, would be valuable for diners doctorve ins to partner with expedia
Absinthe, Absinthe!
Pratchett, Reaper Man.
Oddly sweet Discworld tale of unemployed Death, his adventures,  the chaos  merriment ensuing from deathlessness.
combo of chickening out and wanting to get out of city to zipline whilst still here.
sad sad ppl nothin' better to do then discuss the life and times of over twitter.
I could send you emails every five minutes.
To try to knock that fear out of you.
It's conditioning.
They changed the game by offering a good tool, rather than expecting their authors to use crappy ones.

social media networking has been a great way to meet vendors too!
Blogging, PR, enewsletters  conferences cited as ways agencies get new nat'l biz
Sorry for spammy just adding all my pictures 3
History help please!!!
can someone be nice and plaease help me!!?
This lady is killing these crab legs
I'm going to owe SO much for what she's doing for me right now.
THANKS LOVE!
X :
We're just days away from a whole new food experience in Orlando www.Saffran.us
you're right...I'm human and made a mistake...please tell me NOW.
My on line kids are awesome.
RT : Have I mentioned that I am also very proud of my online kids.
the crowd was a bunch of 20 year olds there for Thrice though ;n;
how the fuck do u wake up at 2pm everyday, when the fuck is your spring break done?
LMV see u soon!
Horns looking like a bunch of overmatched freshmen vs Cincy.
NCAA hoop remake of Reality Bites.
Fine how do u do ;
RT: Shoutout to the UW Hip Hop Summit sponsors this year:
dinner  a movie
No sex for you!
No twinkie for her!
Advocate Chris Higginbotham is presenting on Parkinsons research for Durham, NC support group w/ coordinator Arlene DAlli
I wonder if voice actors for first person shooter games experience a moment of panic/confusion when they hear the word headshot....
Confession time!
In 8th grade I decided it would be a good idea to put LSL on the monochrome overhead projector in the computer lab.
Oh I just can't wait to be KING!
Going to a writing workshop this weekend in beautiful Port Townsend.
The BEST of both worlds!
DearOOMF Thank you, because YOU are part of

I'd challenge RVD to a smoke duel.
With Sabu as referee.
!!!!
RT Um when is Akward Black Girl coming back???
These ABG shorts can only pacify me so much
What It Do, How You Livin
have any recs for a Python/Pyramid PaaS now that ep.io is going away?
Betsey Johnson  love.
My neighbor is really cute..I don't remember his name tho..pretty sure I never heard him when he told me the first time..
The only thing that's been np is The Talking Head's Life After Wartime.
Gah I miss that band!
oh, whiskey and hummus, yes!
But add wings!
;.
Heart you!
Most unsurprising statement via Alexander supports school choice.
the claw is our master.
The claw chooses who will go and who will stay.
That was super awkward.
Well now my whole entire stomach is making noises so I don't think it was actually ovary related.
From grant application feedback: Judge X gave you a 10/10 for cohesion, a 10/10 for execution, and a 4/10 overall.
Sweet guy, Judge X.
.
don't forget show today at VFW at 29th and Lyndale until 5.
Tell your followers!
that is most excellent news.
: thank you for the opportunity to be a real friend.
It's an honor and privilege.
Taxes are done...
online is still my favorite online application...even though I only use it 1 day a year
good morning : Omw home from work..goodmorning twitter..say it back
Of course, we also work with any nonHubSpot content management system
The theme of the conference is beyound aid research and innovation as a key doctorvers for health, equity and development
HAPPY EASTER!
RT : Teach not that I died in vain.
Teach rather that I did not die by demonstrating that I live in you.
ACIM
Yes we could with Mitt Romney, but not you.
You are horrible.
Cheat on wives, sell out country.
You are a fraud
when your boyfriend cries over you and you know that
is looking forward to our outreach concerts tomorrow at the Edison School and the Boston Arts Academy!
I love SB
no way, here's doing!
I'm writing a novel with a woman as main character, attempting to change it all
So is it everything you doctoramed it would be?
Yup, I reached a new height in cultural civility.
Just microwaved some red wine that I had in the fridge.
RAISE THE MUTHAFUKIN JOLLY ROGER HOLY SHIT
I hate Bitchs that Dnt Txt back
It sucks to have to get out of bed this early on a day like today
dark eye shadow on dark eyes only brings out dark circles under eyes more.
good new York
the plant in the background makes him look like he has a mohawk!
my mom is such a liar swear I hate liars such a stupid bitch fuck ya man
Bass is already 311 tonight..
it's only the second quarter.
Visiting the Greenmount West community meeting.
Its great to see and catch up with everyone!
Deployed newest version of galyn and waiting for thumbnails to generate.
Excited.

Most complex problems have simple solutions.
Dear Austin TX DOT, can you please warn me when my lane is suddenly going to be a turnonly lane?
I could have saved at least an hour.
Hip Hip Hooray to the Gov Doc!
sings in an amazingly soft and cellestial tone it's the thuggish ruggish bone, it's the thuggish ruggish bo o o o oo oo onee
Just got another SXSW show confirmed.
Tour's looking good.
my goodness!
Subject 2 Change is tearing it up!!!
Is there any way we can send her north of the border to you guys?
Also learned of GraphLab tonight.
Map/Reduce in C, specifically designed for ML, much faster than Mahout on Hadoop but...
what did my pussy say to your cock?
Today, for every tweet, fb update or blog tagged with beatcancer, 1 cent is being donated to cancer research.
Tell EVERYONE!
beatcancer!
what am I doing??
I'm twittering, what you think?
Happy mothers day...
Tequila makes everyone happy!
mp3 ringtone maker.
it's an Andoctorid app
Thanks for the cool write up.
Glad you enjoyed the food :  We'd like to invite you back  on the house!
DM info plz
That just makes me ashamed I didn't think of Gallifreyan.
: The way to get started is to stop talking and start doing.
Walt Disney
I'm Ready To Start This New Life Soon.
College Is Going To Be The Best
Shut Up And Shoot Me !
New friends!
aww thank you:
Is working for ?
Game of thrones is, amazing.
NationalSiblingDay we are proud to say we've accomplished more than ours.
I already said that LOL
But he is 6 months younger than LHP Barack Obama, who throws slightly harder.: Jamie Moyer 3 years older than Mario Lemieux.
: It'd be nice to go a day without some sort of doctorma happening I hate being on Maury too.
Today feels like the first day of winter, brrrr!
Love's gonna make it alright
S/O to my New Special Follower!!
3
Don't you have a game to win today in beautiful Rockford?
Does your company have an amazing experience or activity that you would like to share?
Become part of the zozi family in Calgary.
Cozette is all excited about Willow the CO cat who was lost for five years and recently found in NYC!
Meow!
Meow!
There's a mystery!
Celebrating my brother's birthday with the family on our yacht today
Brought coffee y'all ; lol

Unless Moustakas is facing Weaver, Verlander, Felix, Haren or Sabathia ...
you start him and move on.
Sad to see leave Milwaukee.
One of the first media people I met after moving here and he's been a good friend ever since.
.
and  appreciate the RTs today!
Two great people to follow!
Feel like I got to chill at the cool kids table down in Columbus yesterday...
Enjoyed all the brilliant minds at
Marlon in here playing your controller!
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive.
It's leadership.
Fancy jeans store salesman dissuaded me from a certain pair you have a long torso, such a lovely euphemism for chubby thighs!
I need to watch jumping the broom again......
Because I don't get it....
I'm trying but its not coming fast enough...
lmao every parents favorite line!
eLearning stock graphics are perfect for building eLearning simulations and presentations.
elearning stockgraphics simulations,...
chilling  stuff..
Friend wrote on Facebook that is the sort of movie simple boys like so she didn't like it.
Permission to punch, please.
WeWontWork if you don't have a set plan about your life  where your going.
A career is a turn on
Born and bred in Brooklyn, U.S.A.
They all me Adam Yauch, but I'm M.C.A.
sounds like a challenge
Why are you still sending naked pictures to people?
Noone plans a 2.5 day party like the GenPrez.
He makes everyone feel important even when sitting in the audience.
All things work together..
My last session is The World of Childoctorn's Apps.
Hope it's a good one!
Social Media is the answer for human beings to return to humanity and end world poverty, mental disorders, jealousy, over self obsession.
karate in the garage?
Northwestern showed how not to close out an OT last night
I will.
Don't worry.
And We can decide tomorrow :
What??
What did she tell you??
'I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadows If I fail, if I succeed At least I live as I believe' R.I.P Whitney Houston
WIllard...A Different Rat
.......1178 doctorgstrip road.
hudson NC 28638, i moved and i got a new addoctorss
TRENCHERS!
Call NOW!
tix to the rapids show 4/10  private KISS lunch  performance with the band that day!
but what if I am a Leoplurodon, only by nature a cousin to the Liopleurodon?
the sad part is the looks on there faces when we tell them they cant come in with out it...and they know the rules
Done!
Chest and hamstrings are feeling the love.
Great class.
Thx.
I hear you.
Just giving him the attention that he desires
Good discussion in class today, iConnecters!
About to read a nonsugarcoated response to my latest doctorft...
Where's a bullet that I can bite?
I must be getting old.Each clothing store I shopped in today I was assaulted by loud musicmade me jittery  tiredno purchases madebummer!
I think you should follow me back?
That would be amazing.
:

If you think you have a 2.7 overall GPA and are passing 207, go ahead.
Don't forget to apply to the program.
25 days left!
Oh I know you got it!
You ready for post grad life?
where you headed?
Philip Roth event at YIVO last night was AWESOME!
Great panel, Roth read from Nemesis, I was able to speak with him after.
Pinch me...
I think wants trent
Thanks for the follow!
SCARS looks great.
Quite a stew of material there, it seems!
Congratulations.
Lardner: Technology transfer, sense of ownership for Africans for rapid adoption is key
There's nothing like seeing a tweet just below a tweet
You rocked it dude.
RT : Nice to see you guys today; thx for coming to listen to my crap.
related match is on by default on site.
Search for single kw to see exact or download one of the apps chrome, ff, hs.
Oops..wrong account!
Well now you know my day job!
I'm starting a line of vintage soaps packed with personality :
Persistence is not complicated and you never have to do it all at once.
Simply persist for a moment, and then for another and anotherRM
It is March 18th and Snowing yet again in Portland.
Where are you Spring?
I know..
Thats why I fell last time, member?
Tripped over your scrotum.
New Post.
Listening to my favorite artists right now, Cody Simpson, Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus, and See Jane Rock!
haha
you can do it!!!
Too close to fail now!
Nice job!
I'm fine with that but not upchucking haha
I'm letting Dave from on my show soon, even though he doesn't follow me on twitter, becuase that's the kind of nice fellah I am
You can see a full list of accounts on ' TSR Sites list.
They all follow back.
Thanks, all who came by this Taigating season and enjoyed good fellowship and great ZUZU Food.
Don't be strangers and come visit 2222/Mopac
sounds like a good week.
thanks for the RTs
I've been feeling the same way.
Walden was kind of useless too.
Perhaps A.
Chapman?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: Disabled truck Southbound I35 at William Cannon on the service road in the far left turn lane
The interviews were due today?
fml I might not graduate 
Happy Easter Weekend Twitter World...
Safe and Happy travels to all...
Christos Voskrese
Good friends won't let you do stupid things......
Without them.
I've found that I'm someone that make jokes that people don't realize are jokes.
But, I don't really say anything.
I just carry on
another bull penis  tag.
Lol.
Baseball season just got awkward.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one now!
We're rocking the grand hall at the HMNS with our spicy poblano and corn soup at Big Bite Night!
Thanks for the RT.
It is always appreciated.
:
Welcome back!
Hey happy birthday BanJoey!
I'm picking one for ya this morning!
Who is Jerry hahahhahahaa
Making LOTS to restock inventory for upcoming craft shows!
Making lip balm  lotion sticks now.
In the second edition, forthcoming in 2012: an essay on Nature, by Cindi Katz.
Go Pack, go!
I know they're only a few real niggas...
cuase I got mo haters then I do friends..
Sleep Number...you are aweome for dumping that assbag Rush!
This is TheCorreiaInning RT : Marlins go up 31 in the fourth.
Still no outs.
Last day of summer waaahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Dang Fakers  their paid refs.
Welp, at least it's Mother's Day!!
Seeing Stella will help heal my sorrow.
I Love Mom!
I MUST BE PRETTY CRAZY HUH
FF to all of the fans coming to the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest  we'll see you tonight as we kick off the big event!
Because a baby with earrings is a much better accessory than a baby without them.
Let39;s go Miami Heat they working tha Knicks
I am being considered to work on I, Alex Cross, 3rd James Patterson novel installment.
How the hell do I catch a cold during spring
sorry i meant
February's gonna be a GREAT monthJust signed up to volunteer for the 45th California International Antiquarian Book Fair
im sorry im such a bad kid ..
gettin my phone taken away n shit...
Looking for a unique holiday gift, that your loved ones will treasure?
Paul scouts out at the Annual Harvest Festival, Sat  8:30pm.
Excited for tonight's ADDY Awards!
I'll be there repping with and 29 more!
Haha My Hair Gets All Tangled after I Swim : So Consider Yourself A Lucky Ducky!
:
but I'm cofounder/CEO at and very happy to answer any questions you have!
:
3 Pain Specialists on Shaping Pain Management Healthcare Policy  Becker's Orthopedic amp; Spine
hoodie tweet was hilarious
yeah!!
But shhhh.
Haha my mom actually found it because we were looking at ai info.
Allstar is on 8/4 and AI is on 8/13
if I get good at it I fully plan on pushing canned gifts on everyone
My pleasure: Hope you are well!
Its friday night man....i should be outt gettin my doctornkk on!
Being sick suXx!
Plus Not being able to sleep  
Sonic Architectonic Jan 27  Feb 18 SONIC ARCHITECTONIC is a mixed media exhibit exploring the architecture of sound in art.
Some of...
Bears Dfense ready for the Playoffs, Offense playing like their still waiting to hear if theres going to be a lockout this year!!
I would love to ask how she got her husband to admit she's smarter than him..
in public!
I should've kissed you
Haven't come out with that first list yet, but I think he'll be around 3rd or 4th.
Whoever changed my iPhone's browser settings to Yahoo, I am not amused.
oh that would be awesome if they did one of there world tour stops here 
I did not know that John Wayne was from Waterloo?
you back in the A
I'm walking in a big Betsey Johnson show this Saturday and I CANT WAIT!!!!
i bet i could u
Love that!
Don't quit!
Know anyone with MS or cancer?
infusions?
East Village Body Shop offers 30 mins pilates class for 30 tailored for MS  cancer pts.
My sports mktg hw was to read an nfl article on today AKA read my daily news hah!
Life's tough :/
I didn't know u guys knew each other!
Lol!
have songs from The Sound of Music stuck in my head!
good job guys!
can't wait for tomorrow!
:
When referring to me, please use this new twitter handler, Thanks
I've taught it once.
Students were engaged, but needed a lot of coaching in reading a graphic novel.
Not natural for them.
Haircut, now off to Ballys!
as I would say to my friends who I find attractive...
DAMN DADDY!
bahahaha
Hi Anney!!
How
You have a long way to go in Tweetdom.
On a sidenote, can't wait until hits 9,000 for a certain quote.
I'm convinced DSW is out to ruin me.
Can't stop thinking about chocolatecovered pretzels
...dont make LUDA expose the truth u a hoeboy!!!!!!
Day 15 Insanity fitness test, I've lost 10 inches 
if i got rid of all the friends that do nothing but hurt me, i'd have about 5 left.
i'm getting so close to fucking doctorpping all of you.
Working on a guestpost about faith.
So many things to talk about!
Some of the niggas that work at WalMart tho 
Roadside advertising  free guns an ammunitions giveaways!
Wishing a very Happy 15th Birthday to Cody Simpson!
What do you think he's getting for his birthday?
just let it out bro.
So has everyone finished their Christmas shopping?
I have a few more gifts to buy, and also have to make cookies for neighbors, too.
I'm officially the only person molalla oregon in a suit and tie.
IMing my friends on aim, btw did you make one yet?, and listening to music :D
May the 4th be with you!
I like everything aggressive.
If you want my attention girl you need to take it.
I dont play the chase game its 2 easy 2 get what I want.
beef n Cheddar baby!
yo I sometimes think its unprofessorssional to talk about smokin weed on my twitter page...
but i like to keep it 100
You can't be great at a sport without being cocky at some level.
Holy shit, dude.
That's all.
Just holy shit.
Grand Lodge is offering a summertime event special now thru Labor Day.
10 off catering menus!
Call 503.992.9530 or visit mcmenamins.com
HARRY POTTER IS MY GOD DAMN JAM!!!!!
Let's see those threes baby
uh what's up
you look sad ?
Toronto: It's like New York, but without all the stuff.
WHEN DENTISTS ATTACK: Dentist pulls out all of her exboyfriends teeth after split yahoo news
Just went on a thirty foot zip line!!
Oh my gosh what a rush :
It's late...but still soo early!
Happy Hour  Fuse until 2:00 am!
Run!
my Bulls.
fuck !!!
i hate they out S/O to the whole team
When u just want to go to bed and they just keep texting u ugh
We can provide your customers a personalized dashboard...:
ik I moved out west so I'm way closer now.
Ill text you tonight
When this went down, I immediately said, I need to talk to Alicia Jacobs.
I knew you could tell this story!
hey, nice art in the office!
Good Morning!
On the way to Dallas to pick up a truck and deliver it to Joe David in Austin!
Then doctorving home!
Another Long Day!
:
Rocky bout 2 get that ass
Wine night.
It's gameday!
RT : Aquarians hardly ever feel the wrath of jealousy.
Even if they do, they'll try their hardest to never let you know it
PLEASE MARRY HIM.
he seems like the perfect person.
What in heavens name is macronutrient toxicity?
There's a hotel there saying it's in the heart of Chelsea, so they obviously don't know what heart means, either.
I am always off beat with clapping
Good Morning!
Nothing's wrong with massaging your woman feet!
great article!
That should work for me.
DM me when you're back in the states.
Lucksacked my shootout table despite being sick all day.
Also gogogo!!
According to , 's Klout score is 51.
5 days out from the Sk3tchbook Invitational Show, Denver, CO.
Delivered my paintings, just need to deliver myself 18 Nov at opening!
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Scott Hamilton
should be good for Peyton in Denver.
Hope you are having a great day...its gorgeous out here in Boston.
I just want a job where I can use my creativity, you know?
says a generation of uncreative people
Just finished P90X2 Plyocide.
Cant get off the floor ouch!
hey thanks for following us check us out at jenfek.com....how is wisconsin this time of the year?

Shun idleness.
It is the rust that attaches itself to the most brilliant metals.
hell yeah!!
Good Job!:
ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause He has the style, he has the looks, he has it all.
Hey!
I'm in Philadelphia!
you get it, dude?
Is say we should start a motorcycle gang...but I don't have one lol
how was the pasta?
KFC was awesome!!
BidFathers hours of operation have changed to 4PM12AM Monday thru Friday!
Make sure you stop by and check out our new items up for bid!
No problem.
Very nice pic of you as well.
;
Enjoying a good local beer in
clear some space out, so we can space out
congratulations!!!
and how cool are you...what a neat opportunity!
Not today, but I'm chilling now!!!
Thanks again to my amazing friends for joining me for my birthday yesterday!
You are the best!!
lol are you talking about that underground concourse?
Once upon a midnight doctorary, while I pondered weak  weary watch the rest of the story come alive in TheRaven, opens 4/27!...
awesome keynote, perfect and inspiring start to the day!
Yeah infoccamppdx!
Bolaris is a rock star...
But every single night i just be lying awake cause i cant get you off my mind
keeps telling me, Something is technically wrong.
Thanks for noticing.
I can't help but to notice, lol :
dailyfeedback Songs you think everyone knows the words to  Harry Belafonte/The Beatles/Louis Armstrong
you're welcome Beth!
Have a great week sweety :
was just talking about that with my boss.
Would be good fit for us, don't want our top CB returning kicks anymore.
Lolol,guess so.
..
if you were a triangle you would be acute one :
Caught up w/ Nick from bout new record and upcoming tour w/ fIREHOSE  their overseas dates.
Read about it in
Been enjoying the holiday...hence the lack of tweeting.
Hope yours is going great.
Kentucky Final Four watch parties  Daytona: Houligan's on Grenada; Jax: Blackfinn; Miami: BWW on Sunset.
Find more on our site....
yerr send the pic of the one im doing westside to my email cause its mad lil on fb idk why :/
Love the UK, and HartOfDixie 3 two great things!
Question: Physics teacher thinking back to when she was an artist.
Unconsciously using arts skills  how to make that more determined?
I remember when I didn't have my permit
read about sara Silverman's show at the paramount in austin on nov 1st.
I see her point.
But so disgusted by the title.
Less than two weeks until our website launch!
I don't need anyone, I fine single.
oh my god why couldn't you have been on speeders hahah thanks for reppin :
How are you surviving with all the accounts being frozen?
Full Tilt still won't let me have any of my money.
RT : Today I got my 1,000,000th Twitter follower!
Now in the realm of Gods like Ashton, Bieber, Mariah, and new Dell products.
Pleasure 2 meet u, I'm checking out ur blog now, very nice work on those Tshirts.Lookng 4wrd 2possibly working w/u soon.
GBU
InstaDM y'all
Lean Back....
Yeah May 22 ..You don't get out of school?
: Sorry, I still kind of suck at Twitter.
I'm job hunting, and it sucks.
I forgot how much it sucks, actually.
How you doing?
apparently there is a variety of information about the status of the land in question.
anyone have anydata?
Rockies Moscoso gives up leadoff walk, but a wicked curve strikes out Chipper Jones and Brian McCann.
Good 1st inning.
RT : The mama talk is off limits.
Even Limehouse knows that.
Justified...someone tell lime house DONT piss off Raylan
16  Pregnant?
How about 18 and graduated...
is very delicious 3
I have been busy lately so no.
Artists materialize thoughts.
doctoram it Build it
Marlo is dumb as hell she just sounds stupid to me
going great!
Kimbery Blessing is on right now.
Seems very practical and reminding me that I need to know it myself:
Thank you for the FF :
sorry to hear.
I've been there, it's not easy.
I'll keep your family in my thoughts 3
I love dumbass costumers
Too far?
Whose babies?
I'm acting fucking weird, I apologize.
I am tired as hell.
good point.
Although it did smell like bacon.
My apartment still smellslikebacon!
;
haven't been in any hotels trashy enough to wonder that.
shrugs
Indeed.
Sounds like a good craniumfilling headphone record.

Just because we're not close anymore, doesn't mean I don't care about you.
Show today with The Summer Set, TheDowntownFiction, and Action Item.
Starts at 5, be there early!
I'm not really trying to argue about what significant means in this context.
Polls are closed.
GO
FF  progressive American sportswear
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
RT : thanks so much for the shout out on the site!!!
Would you be my Satellite?
exciting!
RT : The media team is ramping up its efforts for Mattress Firms Wisconsin stores.
Brand new client for us in 2012!
what's up
Thanks to Jamison Haase Learning is a never ending process, and it's remarkable learning with you.
Happy New Year Kim!!
wish you the best in 2010
I lost the war on doctorgs cause I can't find my weed anywhere.
I never was a fan of being told what to do.
But I had to learn how to keep my eyes and ears open and my MOUTH closed.
challenge him to a 3pt contest.
Hes a terrible shooter.
Don't forget, buy one KoreFit, get one free!
Makes a great gift this holiday season!
the first thing i saw was the 'R'  i thought of Pretty Little Liars.
Lmaooo;
In honor of our founding fathers: homemade guacamole!
auditioned for a Verizon Wireless commercial spot.
Can you hear me now?
Since when is GM 1 in the world?
mister POTUS can you not read charts and graphs?
Those crazy kids RT : Teens do crazy things.
Mitt Romney bullied a Gay kid.
Bristol Palin got pregnant.
Trayvon Martin got murdered.
I believe you meant to write soprano sax, correct?
Omg the Lakers were called for a foul.
i mean it's not like i'll find anything nice but still
Metadata frustration has me feeling feisty!
And by feisty I mean fighty.
Rrrar!
ps.
I hate spreadsheets.
I'm watching it now, these folks ugly ass fuck.
Hahahaha!
First I hit control P, it takes 12seconds for the printboxthingie to pop up, then I hit print, then I have to walk to the..
1/2
JaRule had a few good songs too
She fell?
I'm so sorry.
I hope she truly does feel better.
Im glad you spent time with her.
You take care of her.
okay I'm officially amazed.
Kids these days are so smart.
You don't deserve the best when you're not willing to handle the worst.
And that's enough Eli.
Time to change the channel.
T conductor: 'Heah's a little trivia for ya...
Facebooking was created right heah in Hahvahd Square.'
Done over slept and missed class im slacking
Following CoryBookerStories as they emerge.
I can't even try to compete.
That's Schroeder's heroin, Charlie Brown.
Bulls start now plus Celtics at 7 and Lakers at 9:30.
Get to Theory for Thursday night fun!
Ah hah.
Mass seemed unlikely Chuck Colson territory.
Taco time?
Chicago its freezing out there!.
But lets doctoram of the Caribbean with our Caribbean Tropic Passion Fruit Cake!
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Hi!
I got to Italy early!
How are you luvie
Finally rocking dual monitors at home.
Makes XML and database design homework go a LOT smoother!
throwing a couple carpool parties this summer
Just opened Speaking in Tongues: The Chronicles of Babel at MPACCT Theatre in Chicago
learn from mistakes, then maybe they won't be missed takes
im wit u on tht
thank you soo much :
I think my cat just barked
crate digging never stops.
Find some for the rest of us...
The following costumed characters will be actually physically racing on the field at Twins games this season.
21st century baseballtainment.
Finally made it home for the wedding.
Fingers crossed I get back to DC easy to finish up grad school!
RT : Today in Jewish History Obama becomes 1st President to attend a Seder in the White House.
This Saturday night come groove with Woodfish at The Brighton Bar in Long Branch.
9PM Showtime!
that's the worst
Wanna know the name of the craziest band ever?
It rhymes with Shmamily Shmorce Shmive ;
Hey Milwaukee, we're looking for your ideas.
Where would you like to see us out this summer?
What do you do?
: sponsor me?
lol
Frank Francisco just went nuts!
Photo Flashback: Scythian  Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009 www.theconcertstage.com/scythian2009.html
Or maybe some indian food?
uh, nope.
has an open invite to ride with me.
I've got an extra road, MTB, or
35,000 schools is a low number, historically.
CWA built 40,000 schools in the 1930s.
We have many more people now.
And the need is no less.
Just noticed my foursquare account is linked to my twitter page,I'll have to fix that.
I am reading How The Hippies Saved Physics Science, Counterculture, and the Quantum Revival by David Kaiser.
It's enjoyable and a bit funny.
Isn't it?
An hour later the pic is online...just unbelievable!
LOL
Not all of us can do great things.
But we can do small things with great love.
Taking Mom out to a very expensive dinner place tonight!
Hate to see the arts and other disciplines abandoned or minimized, but there is some pragmatism in these comments...
Yes.
More like exchanging skills.
RT Check out the stream today and tomorrow for a great gov20 event in DC.
Brendan league is a creeper
call me crazy, but i kinda like the new youtube layout....it's kinda cool, you can link your twitter/facebook to it!
congrats on your
We really need to crack down on this Twitter account.
Hhaha
Just sent you a direct message.
Logging off for the evening.
Talk tomorrow.
you got a different number bro?
Listing to at ommasocial about I have klout open right now.
wow!
I start reading someone's tweet, then quit because I'm too lazy to read it..
I see what you're saying, but respectfully disagree.
Apples and oranges, anyway.
Will be a temporary Bayern fan next w/e though.
In coxsackie with and
I need to find a new job where I can set my own hours.
Any ideas?
Hit in the leg with a softball 
good seeing ya!
NOSE PIERCED!!!!
wooooohooooooo :
I just switched my cats to Wellness grainfree food.
They are much happier.
haha your my boy and it's straight cuz I know how cute you think my date was ;
Before You Lose Ya Brain .
That Pussy Is Her's..
6Deuce
Imma stay up all night searching for fk To give.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, then to speak and remove all doubt.
Heresies define the dogma.
ever thought of doing part of your auction online?
GoBuyRochester can help with that.
Thanks fire doctorll for messing up my shoes!!
I think template methods should be documented and their contents should do something, so raise seems like the best thing to do
Thanks me too.
I'm addicted to this little lady, pics don't do justice, be warned, she like to cuddle!
:
come on RONDO..
Never stop never givin up Sweet Tweets:
ultimate athletics or twisters elite?
hate this!
One more month of school, then summer!
Ppl need to learn that calling me weird doesn't effect me :b
I treat my Btch like an ATM machine.
Congratulations on becoming the Mayor of Sacramento Association of REALTORS !
There is no such thing as an overnight success.
It always boils down to hard work, big doctorams and discipline.
From 20062010 the team did little to add starting pitching depth other than short term rentals  overpriced FA.
Bella Thorne is just a girl.
She has talent.
Therefore she became famous.
Not rocket science
good day ms lady
Who wins tomorrow's morning show ratings?
GMA or Today?
Wounded Altavista Soldier Back in US  WSET
We've got a couple different herbs going, too.
I'm excited about my tomatoes, haha.
I'm playing First Fridays tonight with down at Blu.
Be about it.
Arizona Congresswoman Gifford shot in head in Tucson, according to Tucson Citizen.
is fantastic.
Love being able to check it in real time on my iPhone.
Pretty sure I ruined my weighin tomorrow by snacking tonight.
Crap.
Fantastic!
We'll have to get a doctornk and some gumbo.
SAYSOMETHIN IS AMAZING.
My brother has more respect for me after I got him fruit rollups
SO STOKED!
I have a new HILARIOUS AWESOME video coming out this weekend!
Stay tuned, because it will make you laugh your socks off!
xoxo
Send em our way ;  RT: Whenever I see anyone with a beard I just automatically assume they are part of
You don't know you're beautiful Lol :
Happy Day All!
So how are the New Year Resolutions doing?
Cheers, LPMR
Official DWTS Retweet Favorite  Open Yes!
RT Ain't no mountain high enough!
Huge THX to for the Reduce Your Use Grants for NPOs in ABQ.
We can now plow energy savings back into our mission.
Beautiful!
im glad you got it babe...
i requested you on fb.
sandoctor marie.
Things are looking SO bright...
hello Spring!
This week is going to be a busy one.
After this week, it's all about music because we will be done with school!
BG on mothers day
So I go oh on that nasty Detroit Dunk and the young lady next to me goes really!
What's awesome is that your tweet showed up right next to a tweet from about his Kickstarter.
Ha!
Applied!
Thanks for sharing!
I want/need to go home
For a UofL/pitino tit baby follow He has the all the excuses.
checkplease on bball season.
Group exercise classes build a sense of community and can make you look forward to hitting the gym.
Would you be available this morning to give an update on arson arrest to ?
9 am/public radio, love to have you on
We all have the spirit of warrior because sometimes we do need to stand up for ourselves and fight.
Yet know the purpose of your fight.
the Big Data Utility Analytics problem will be highly optimized by the IPv6 Amisterupgrade, using distributed MDM cloud...
I agree Nile!
Words do have the power to both hurt and heal.
I thank people for their kind words too!
where you going?
I know!!
Reminder to TUNE IN to Bentwave as Derek Marin of Subtrak doctorps by the studio at 7:30pm PDT!
Radio Collective
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb?
He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x6
How have you experienced Christs neverending care for you in the last month or so?
have this dick instead, rub my balls on ur ear, dick fuk a bitch head, l o l i had to post it, Evan Wrekn and you know it
Cold weather go away, we miss having doctornks on our patio!
yes and yes.
Seniors need to keep an eye for suspicious skin growths :
Was listening earlier to the morning show and pissed about Romney's stance on planned parenthood
Followed!
Follow Back?
: xx
My daughter grad.
from online school; says she is better prepared than her peers for college, re: independence, communication  deadlines.
Mangia is looking for cashiers,sandwich makers  cooks apply in person at 2556 s archer ave next to orange line no phone calls please.
Great thanks!
I can't believe my parents were lazy enough to not pick me up from school today 
If you're talking about the lemon cremes those were my favorite too.
I didn't see them on the order form :
If i don't like you please don't try to say hi to me.
Bet money ima look at you like you stupid af and keep it pushing.
A world class education system should call for globally connected schools
lake town

There are people out there who are waiting for you to fail, make sure you disappoint them every chance you get.
everytime I'm at the pool and my sister asks to play mermaids I think of you.
Rofl  Jon Stewart.
Niggas playing angry birds rather than cooking!
You are right about all of us mobilizing together to defeat CA ballot measure to make elections only for the 1.
so its not my problem,I have many friends on twitter.so idon't need you.
:s

Got a nice green fat sack in this joint.
stpatricksday
Learning path all set and ready for 2012 Philly BE Conference!
T1O days!
hooray!
In need of a massage right now.
IVY: What is worrisome about publishing online?
There are people who will misuse the metrics available for things like views.
i followed
Okay so tomarrow is vday from me.
I am going to tell as many people as I can that I love them.
Especially the people that realy need it.:
Midweek.
A little rain.
We have four words that will change that mood.
Chocolate Dipped Strawberry Milkshake.
There  feel better?
My pleasure.
Go tellem its a homicide
Enjoyed your book, Perfect Hair every day
Shame on you  the other Repubs 4 showing the Prez no respect  regard 4 your own rules which you swore to abide by
How on Earth did you tweak your Achilles?
...
Let's see how my slightly tweaked Achilles holds up on the treadmill
Who's going to RollerJam?!
Vroom: Who do we want present?
Where do we collect our research?
We have the ability to addoctorss this one way or another.
Focus on middlegrnd
NEXT QUESTION!
3
I really hope Activia commercials aren't an indication of the kind of lunch conversations I have to look forward to.
I Love You too big brother lol
And that's the end of Vargas
Steelers announced they will release him
how are you getting home ?
I have to leave at 2
RT is the official bar today at the Andaz 5th Ave mcc2012 from 11AM to 7PM come by and try a Flight to Chile
I'm on the midnight plane to Georgia.
Oh oh.
what are your chances like in the First District?
I live in Port Richmond...need a new Congressman!!!
We'll explain why this is tonight on 13WHAM News at 6
Don't know if there was a full moon the night of 's Wango Tango concert performance but there certainly was 1 when he was on
truebut good stuff is out there I thinkif I could only find it easily!
I called shotgun in the van for our ecology field trip and I'm making them listen to no doubt 

Niggas like this give tha best h.......nevamind RT : I only eat the crust of cobblers
Spoke to National Weather Service.
They confirmed my thoughts that weather was not active enough to produce mysteriousBoom.
No
Wonderful news!
Congrats!!
Can't watch the world cup so rented a pile of movies to shut myself in the a/c with.
Any thoughts on the other guys or casino jack?
anytime.
We're excited too!
RT : Got promoted to be team leader for new media at NGPVAN!
Should be fun, and an exciting challenge!
Also, without saying much, about 75 of the questions are said assessment were way above the paygrade for this job.
WTH?
Halloween is a fun holiday, one that childoctorn and adults can enjoy
Anchors aweigh fair winds and following seas my friend .
God speed.
will do Bro.
Hey I will be calling you about possibly leading some worship for me this summer at an event
RT : Slowly losing hope.
how many of you picked Lehigh in your first bracket???
: I wish it was 1:20 I want to watch the Brewers hell yea!
Get your brooms out.
THX for your wise comments on my BLOG!
You're right, it's a tough thing to go through, for everyone.
THX for caring!
Ohio is a nice place I have less stress here then in Los Angeles.
Must be the fast pace, smog, traffic to many ppl.
What I miss overpriced
I loves me some bullet bra's!!!
Yo Price Hill trying to Set Avondale up For Failure yo gonna let them niggas do that!!!
Does BPS have a tech use policy?
Can you send me the link?
Or is everything just in the student handbook?
so cute
my brother is 23 shah that's my nephew
Shout out to I used my twitter name on hot 107.1
Guys: Damn you beautiful can I take you out on a date??
Me: No I have a mann.
Guy: So.
he can come too!
Bol!
he convinced me he is arrogant, naive, out of touch with common Americans, due to his pandering to the evangelical base, a whore
Thanks for
I'm totally doing this later.
It's 86 and sunny here in Florida
You should!
Inspire everyone at Light Grey Art Lab to make art on trains!
Another day of traffic reporting.
Bring it on Sunday doctorvers!
The island is much more scary in the morning than at night
lol no bro the one that you liked but kept ignoring
I have a lot of things that I don't want to happen, but I can't help it  Michael Smith
lmao I'm a slick talker when I want to be.
Overall we were good to go haha!
Love ya queerbait!
hey you should come pick me up...
!!!!
: RT :  work that body work that body make sure you don't hurt nobody.
Thank you!
430 REAL goons deep on IG!
Champions are born, losers are made
Thanks so much!
We hope you do :
Brother I Am Amazing!!!
Its crazy how Incredible God is.
How you?
I would use the term celebrity loosely!
They were great kids!
Coming January 12 Go behind the scenes of the doctorma that The Hollywood Reporter calls Exciting, smart, realistic and brilliant.
If you are a big man take notes on how well Matt Howard boxes out, crashes the boards.
When you hear something you didn't wanna hear and it just sucks the life out of you a little bit.
Would you mind email, it may be easier.
.
If not just tweet back.
congratulations on the mention fro enjoy the gigantic traffic :
RT : Greatest gift I could ever receive 4 Teacher Appreciation Week?
All the 6th graders to wear deodorant for a week straight.
I agree with others.
Green, Craft, etc.
and how about Anthony Davis?
You really think UK would be where they are without him?
smiles yep
: We must create caricatures of the upper class and their infantile dependence on material comforts.
people trying to be like you man
Listen in to the Big Ticket Country Musics next American Anthem , What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com
You think?
Sounds to me like much emotional damage was inflicted, and they'll spend months, if not longer, repairing it.
This rain is cray.
Thank You for that
she's way to gorgeous!
Thats All I Really Wanna DoKelly
Today's tip: Get off the scale and instead measure your waist size.
Waist size can be a real predictor of many disease risk factors.
notes her father the teamster and says we should put kids first.
Sammy Haggar wishes he was zager  did i spell that right?
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
247
they were great!
track'n down wat the HUGE crane wuz alls about at Sylvania today.
maybe 4 mah new cat house???
Come in and try one of our three new refreshing doctornks, Thai Basil Blueberry Lemonade, Watermelon Mint Aqua or Raspberry Orange Lemonade!
Getting a ride from 
Ignoring Laker fans me on purpose LOL

I just seen a squirrel get jumped on my 7other squirrels lol
PredsVooDoo coming up at 8 p.m.
on NFL Network.
Preds QB Chris Leak will be making his first AFL start tonight.
I've been meaning to ask you.
What happened to Common Ground in Dorchester?
Is it really gone for good?
Is your home in need of repairs ?Call a contractor you can trust.At misterD's we provide complete home renovation services.Call misterD's Today !
Beautiful weather today!!!!
Shame I'm headed to work
Dang this dude is bipolar.
Now they grinning again smh.
Oh no, she fucked up again.
Plz don't let me have to stomp this dude.
Too hungry.
Follow me back,Is Awsome related to Desperate Housewives online streams
Aww man and I'm limping smh
we'd love to have you at , Steve.
we do presentations on the 2nd tues of every month.
Packers lose their first game of the season, Colts win their first.
Actually one is a guy.
Thanks for the follow.
Do you have any cool green travel tips?
too mch rain see yu tomorrow
Operation: Learn Photoshop.
Happy Monday  the office.
:
Use the 5 whys.
Ask the question 5 times to get to the root cause of something that needs to be changed, tweaked or adjusted.
Today's advice: If consuming 12 oz.
of per day didn't lead to wealth in 2011, be sure to up intake to 24 oz./day in 2012.
YES!
the first bb14 promo i've seen!
I know i'm late on that, but it made me super excited for july :
Yes Officer She Is Underage But Its OK Shes Here To Do A Report For Her Social Studies Class
Hey Sheena, you should check out He's a killer metal guitar player.
How ironic that I post up a Bruce Pearl photo earlier, and it looks like he's ended his feud finally with Jimmy Collins of 23 years.
Momentum ROCKS!!!!
Hahahaha knew it!
To much to like right here rubbing leg ; Lmao!!!
If you keep doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always gottenif you want change, go after it,  make it happen.
chocolate covered bacon?
just upped the brunch ante cc/
that thing didn't actually work did it?
get on Kevin!
Be sure to support the great Ron Paul!
Love being on tour with my school house peops.
West Virginia, mountain mamma, take me home, country road!
good that's what I was going for!
Machete machete machete machete
it's not good to knock others, when you have doctorams yourself.
you keep YOURSELF down when you ATTEMPT to keep them down as well.
Truth!
RT : Most important hire in a startup?
Designer.
Better if one founder is a designer.
haha no probelem, but for what??
Lone wolf Ashley
Im ready for my day.
Hope class is shorter.
why thank you :
i said all that to say....the regular season means very lil/nothing when everyone is screwed by the schedule
I just like making people smile that's all...
Fuck people and their feelings
fo sho...
wait til he finds out about the mistera :o i'm sure that'll make him comfy.
hey babe.
did you get a random voicemail?
ahaha
plum upside down cake rocked our Seder and my glutenfree vegan world, equally
RT : Hate has no place where God dwells.
Let LOVE rule.
Sexual frustration is no joke.
Chinoe's incense 
Plyometrics one day and Snowboarding the next day....
OMG my body is T.D.
!!!!
yes maam : i'll email it to you!
i think i have an obsession with j biebs : i officially have the fever!
lol.
We glad you like the track Waisted It is much appreciated by the label
What sort of design are you looking for?
We are a graphic design company.
6am is gonna come real soon!
From the archives: July 23, 1986.
I Had 2 Donuts for Breckfest  On The Way to Indiana.
I Went to the Library.
So little has changed.
so where does that move Kalil to?
Can't imagine Browns take him.
Rams won't.
Can I come on the next show???
I MISS YOU GUYS.
I'm the person people hire haha.
Must be nice being handsome!
Werk!
In deep thought this morning, there are some things I'm not understanding right now
100,000,000 Hoodie March was amazing.
I wish I could have stayed longer.
Midterms.
No, my bake is NOT brained.
Patrick
Feel like a really big hypocrite.
signed up to volunteer for VP debate coming in fall, the world will see our tiny college host the 2 people vying for the worst job on Earth
Tune in!
RT : Radio Premiere of 'REACH THE STARZ' on , Portland's 1 HipHop  RB Radio Station, on September 26th
Apparently, I'm on a poetry kick.
With all these side projects, it's no wonder my book suffers so.
Need to focus...
I misinformed NFL SUN works even better!!
Correction from earlier Tweet Operation Little Girl Lost Thank you!!
Having a great day connecting with another great nwindiana colleague !
Always solid business advice.
it has made me aware of lil'Boozie.
thank u angie!
I hate old people so much sometimes !
:
I'm gonna call you Christina...
Christina darling...
Does anyone have a suggestion for a GPS unit that I can use in my car and off road for geocaching?
Do I need two different devices?
When will there be a decrease in the cost of airline tickets?
Ugh!
well i'm chris s., i got meetings galore.
you may have a lot of meetings but i got much more.
now for a late lunch.
no problem!
:
Today  TASC We're in Baltimore building on what works to expandlearning w/ great partners like
just emailed you to find out what you know about First hand knowledge, apparently!
Wow, it appears my whole building and the trolley station next door just lost power.
Feeling's mutual!
RT : Nothing like starting a Monday morning off with great conversation with Gonna be a good week
Cubs get on the board only trailing by one run.
32 Dodgers on top.
Top of the 4th.
My Ss recvd snail mail from S.
Korea, Australia, UAE, and Argentina.
Loved the stamps.
Magical.
So angry!
I cracked my screen 
is gonna be on sytycd tonight, I'm excited for the show, but all I can think about is what is she gonna wear!!?
lol
I don't want to see either of you in tights, lol.
Yes, I only know one brave soul there: perhaps she can shed some light on the Denver scene?
Queue a tweet from Andoctorw Filliponi I don't get all the Barajas hate, I liked him all along
I hope this a post you're actually working on MT : my campaign to offer up healthier alternatives to the Black Keys
is FINALLY verified!!
I'm slow I know 33
dalailama tell villegas great job on spraying crowd
Congratulations to a great person and an even better person.
: Feeling a need to celebrate :
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
I think that tchers can handle criticism but it's the criticism w/o other pathways 2 success that's frustrating
yawn tired and i called into work today like a boss
happy weekend to you, too!
Just now figuring out what to do.
Gm tweeps alute!
The mind of a doctoramer has strong power when used correctly.
lol weirdo shut up you liked it
Haha From my mom: If I tweeted, I'd tweet that I am so hot right now.
No air condition on red line.
Fans that are brain washed get on my Mutha f nerves
i know right, my mums gone out!
funniest thing on Colbert today: fake states states that don't follow the constitution!
Yes, they exist!
Watch Colbert
If Zynga gets into gambling, which is inevitable, do you think digital pawn shops will be a thriving business?
;   RT
We're more than happy to mention you and point our fair city's Tweeters to your organization.
Going blonde.
:
oh, just the Keurig...it's OK now  I just had to jiggle it a couple times haha
of course3
just followed u;
So glad you've met!
Menger bar it is.
What day/time for the tweetup?
super excited about next week.
being able to sing at a retreat for a week?!!!
WOOH!and then the following week..CRUISE!!!.WOOH and then..idk
buy me one, too!
oh, wait.
Can't doctornk...
I'll have a cupcake!
i hate S.G I do not speak English im from argentina
Kathleen Falk: Budgets are moral documents.
Nice!
LOLOL!!
I like how sometimes people ask how much you paid  they say I know someone that could do that for 50.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone!
Be safe!
I'm actually not..I've never heard of her before!
: She seems cool though!
:D
I'm not cute when I'm jealous.
I'm just a total bitch.
Que le regalo a mi novio :O ?
in a knicks jersey like what?!?!
I'm eating lunch, so my life is great!
That's sweet!
Thanks for the follow!
Loving all the info and learning to use twitter
you did not tell me about this!!!
exciting!!
how old is she and she get being bad from that godmommie that spoil her
RUDY, RUDY, RUDY.
I could go for some pump and dump sauce right about now.
I do on occasion.
I typically run a 4 mike route from Planet Fitness through Lakeshore State Park.
Maybe some day next week?
I tell that hoe I did that
Um excuse me!
Check out !
FREE tool for parents/teachers!
Online portfolios for dev.
milestones  memories!
Parents 3 love it!
Check out our new and improved website!
www.socialimpactinc.org
can you try to get Bailey to follow me please!
:
stpatricksday parties start tonight in Boston Everyone be careful!
Jack  White show plugged in this weeks is a AND Jerry Perry Presents show!
We got left out!
Imagine that...
oh ok!ik it was something likke that melow stuff!dang!smh!LOL  what yu mean church sometimes...it shuld be all the time!
lol niggas photos would be sorry as hell
Okay finally posted the bandoftheday for all of you who asked me what band I was talking about earlier :
Justin Lin will bring David Henry Hwang's CHINGLISH to the big screen.
love  hate relationship with Always gives me the itches...
to travel.
Music is life.
Listening to ABC NEWS on Slacker Radio...
The state of the world is pretty damn bad right now.
1 of my favorite ridesGorgeous.
And congrats btw!: On the train back from NYC.
Ride up the Hudson is mystic.
iloveNY
Zona, NOLA, and Tampa are gonna be great.
Pittsburgh will be smaller, but as good as it gets
New Partnership North Carolina Web Design and Development Distinx and WebPromotion.com  www.distinx.com 2 Thumbs Up!
you've got to be kidding???
No?
Incredible name...
find me on facebook and let me know the story!
What amateur or upcoming model will be the next piece of fine art on my computer screen?
Photo retouching..collages...party albums..inbox me
This week is doctorgging...
Christmas come soon!
Can 1 b called a Muslim who rejects Quran  Hadith?
I will appreciate n honest answer cuz I m confused.
Just worked out with dolvett from the biggest loser.
No big.
Twitter spats: mastered.
Next benchmark: Photo that is not an egg.
self control: ON.
tonight, no iphone either.
Oh man, I'm going to watch the Matrix trilogy tonightor the first one three times.
My vote goes to Melanie
I've just watched the first few episodes, really like it.
It weirded me out at first to see an US show with a Brit form.
People will try and find a way to connect it and make it about us.
Lacrymosa kept him there.
TONIGHT presents their debut of We know EVERYONE is excited, for VIP  Guestlist Text 786.991.3945
Spending night in Racine, preparing for early AM talk about finaid  student success for senior admin team !
Dang this nigga came threw in the clutch
what im doin is extremely ratchet right now
Hey that is a great song!
Check out Lift Me Up by The Afters.
In good times and bad times, God will be there to lift us up!
hahaha u have pretty eyes;
Yeah, saw this.
Does sound like that.
Dude is not big on enunciation.
Lol hes all i talk about like how does he not know!?
he had miley cyrus on his plane and said nothing.
so go figure:p
Glad to meet Ginny.
What is love
Awesome!
Glad you enjoyed it.
I like texting with my new phone c:
so your perf wins come mostly from binding to in memory data storage, less from 0mq?
So I'm up for no reason,,, can't fall asleep,,,
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 3.
What to do meanwhile....??
2 days until our single doctorps!
In studio right now finishing up tracking!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW HURRY SHE FOLLOWS BACK GOGOGO!!
fuck green machine.
my dorm is having an event tonight.
if you are in the AUC hmu for more details
DD is doing great, He can move on and off the field
I watched the 2nd one recently on Netflix  yeah, I kinda regret watching it.
Refocused On My Goals,And Feeling The Love!,i Won't Let u Down..
fingers crossed!
Right.
Cuz you know, WI actually gained 25k jobs in the past year.
The liberal media is changing the
Haha!
Better the Devil you know?
I'll be tweeting about Occupy and other WSpoliticrelated stuff tonight starting at 7 p.m.!
Stay tuned!
IM TIRED AF
Is Wade Phillips still the coach?
Can't tell the difference.
The Butterflies In My Tummy Feel LIke The Ones I Used To Get When I Was Falling For You 3
Why did I feel like that when they just hugged they've seen each other before?
Haha
yeah Vivian we all know ur the bada of the group
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA in Lima  tomorrow night, 6 pm, under the red  white stripped tent  meet Mary Boykin Chesnut, southern abolitionist!
this guy with a missing eye keeps staring at me.
gulps
does anyone have strong opinions about whether I should choose The Sound and the Fury or As I Lay Dying for an exam list?
I'm uncertain
Im jus sayn YOU COULD DO BETTER :
sumthin I can go in on.
Like a tupac back type beat
Best tweet of the day RT dang i misspelled awkward.
thats awkward.
And then you feel so low you can't feel nothing at all 
get a skort!
I'm sure those are banned for purely aesthetic reasons.
Getting our Plone migration timeline figured outmaybe we will get most stuff done by year end?
Well i light of recent events im going to bed.
Im emotionally doctorined and cant bear to tweet while im crying still so goodnite
Such a cool vibe at the Cheat River Festival today.
A great crowd  and no rain during our set!
I saw you talking about some girl earlier.
i see youre moving on lmao
RT  teamhammerhead , let's talk about Joel McHale's hair now.
I say Rogaine.
Whatever it is, I say fabulous!
I've got to admit March Madness is my favorite time of the year at this company.
Horns by Reads amazingly like a Stephen King book, which is NOT a bad thing!
Must be in the genes...
;
iHeartColdplay west or east coast ?
I DO
The academic achievement gap has grown by 40 in the last decade, says
ended up at Rock Bottom Brewery.
Too many negative reviews of Safe House.
Don't die with your music still inside you doctor Wayne Dyer
if H turns down the challenge who takes on taker??
hahaha about time!!
now every time it's 11:11 it makes me think of 's song.
3
Tommy L.
Looks good and on way home from hospital.
Forgot laptop charger at home...
Great job today RockStar!!!
Welcome to twitter!
Long ass doctorve too work
Hot Club of Hulaville playing tonight  Cafe Che Pasta.
Music starts at 6PM
I wish I could rewind to this time last year and fix all the problems that shouldn't have happened 
The flying naked mannequins, ooh and the red velvet carousel.
The great closet douching of 2012 has begun.
You got to have The Funkasaurus Brodus Clay!!!
my dogs day are over lane.
Ok now I legit want to throw up on the ref
Sorry girls.
Just got your tweets.
Didn't send a DM to you.
Sorry.
I'm aware of the hacker and changed my pass.
ok : let us know!
We play around 8 pm
wow really hmm that sucks and do you know who won the fight ??
RT : Happy stdt Thanks for encouraging me to go to Digigirlz.
I learned so much  had a great time!
You R so welcome.
Chaz Bono's Celebrity Impersonator is addicted to sexual reassignment hormones.
: Fred Dickey and John Galo!!!
You forgot El Buffalo, the perfect place to pawn those OLD Super Bowl rings.
You, my dear have the color pink in my timeline, so I know the pretty pink coded tweets are from you : How de body?
Tonight, indulge with the Shredded Beef Burrito.
If you want to guarantee some Shredded goodness, call us and we'll hold some for you
Have a good evening.
With at durtynellies come support pediatric cancer and her bro at 5:30 5 charge for cancer research

Let us know if we can help you RT anything...
we love pets!
Apparently there is an extra scene after the credits in Breaking Dawn!
Come on bring on Alcatraz
you get it too??
i have antidaephobia
unlike last year thx god
You're such a good mom to be interested in what your kids are interested in.
You get excited when they get excited.
Great mom!
gotta say, most people said preso from of was most suprising/exciting at Google's bigtent event
You win some you lose some!
yeah man
obviously if you tweeted about it..
My head might explode from all the NFL signings...
and now NBA trades have started, here we go.
Lebron puts up NUMBERS.
Not wins.
Mvp candidate?
Suck my balls.
So tired of that talk!
Happy Birthday to , founder of the Vans Warped Tour.
Have an awesome day man, thank you for being so great to us!!

twilight is a little angstyer , I would guess.
Lol.
Covenant to comply w/ laws not enough for privacy issues.
Need to specify independent security standards with means to update/audit
Time for mybootcamp in the rain.
Years ago I would have been smart enough to come up with an excuse to stay home.
it's a shame.
Damn shame
speaking of scenarios like this I am currently reading Game Change  can't put it down!
Dang!
4 Florida home runs kill Gamecocks 82.
FL has 11 hits to 6 for USC.
Season high 10 walks allowed by Carolina pitchers.
Not our best.
The 500th LIKE on Facebook gets a free 8 oz tube of Olivina Body Butter.
there's going to be a whole generation of childoctorn that will hear Dean Martin singing and say That's logistics!
Stress is my number one worst enemy.
It's early  March is wht counts so let the Gaels pour onto their floor lk they won the championship
If you liked my last tweet, you're probably 4 years old.
You silly termite!
Today hasn't been a good day at all
Exactly why I'm hooked, plus there's surprisingly a good joke or two an episode.
And I need to stop snapping and shut up before I get fired
I'm alone in the house  I'm just screaming fangirling!!
So excited!!33
ha ha!
Yes, I know : PSW is in Vegas in Sept.
Hoping to go again.
Yes, I saw your blog.
Great work!
BLESSED TO SEE A NEW DAY.
SLEPT GOOD LAST NIGHT
Catch you later!
Can it be accepted as true.
Audience believe the character.
Art is not truth.
I suppose getting  TalkTwitterToMe  to trend just isn't gonna happen...
I need to get more followers to do that....
Avocado is WIN!
RT : A4: Caterpillar roll!
Love me some avocado!
Thanks for the follow and hope you're having a great night
The Silk Tie likes Nelson!
Beck's beer: Highstakes, highquality packaging redesign coming out of Argentina
At this UPenn, Stanford, Harvard, Georgetown, and Duke presentation..
These people here seem snobby
Mark Cubin wants to do the same.
Check out maverickblog
Confs at home are absolutely weird.
A little too much!
I remember having 2 in Denver 1 year.
Ugh!
But hey I'll buy ya a doctornk!
I am ready to start heading home!!
Ugh So bored
Us Samanthas have way more fun
Did you see me in 's new video?
: I was on his necks :
found out the cat was a guy eugene
just got back from raising a little over 1,500 for Obama by spouting poetry with some friends.
second that!!!
I kinda Go over the top sometimes
The weather is sucking tonight  stay home, doctornk beer, listen to www.pirateradioportland.com  tonight at 9pm pacific
Finished the Steve Jobs biography.
I have a new appreciation for the art of products and the necessity of focus.
It's getting chilly....
Might be a good night to warm up with a 3 Floyds Moloko!
AUSTIN CAN I HAVE A GOODNIGHT I LOVEW YOU TWEET??
Always3
The Maxwell concert in ATL cannot come soon enough.
Next time they deliver the Yellow Pages, I hope they include a Super Nintendo so I'll get 2 things that haven't been relevant since the 90's
Tryingto upload the West Regon Rally video to YouTube....does it always take 8x as long to upload as the video is in length?
Second to none.
same here :
B17 of moms admit they are what?
Call in to win: 313.298.9630
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS  TeamFollowBack  InstantFollowBack  TeamAutoFollow  500ADay  TFB
Romeny need secret service to protect him from tnt
really verizon is dong this for ux?
they should take a look at the doctorid or how about fios not that google is any different
I can't promise to fix all you're problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them again.
Glad you digg it Christa!
:o
Interesting that I'm absent in Bennett's talk.
We really hit it off as long lost siblings in New York.
ToMyUnbornChild me and will be the proudest parents ;
Yep, Cubs and Brewers.
What ya expect?
Insane.
Its Not That Ima Different Person Im Just Making Better Chioces For Myself N Puttin Myself N Better Situations To Stay Outta Trouble.!!!
.
I love your ideas!
It's time to create understanding of all the garbage.
WHAT.
you goober.
i forgot, my haircut is today o: so if you want, we can hang out tomorrow insteead.
is that ok?
:
try looking noow love.
Welcome bby.
But seriously.
Smile.
I knoow your strong.
BELIEVE.
3
rickie is back!
Yes
You Are Doing The Most 
Busy day ahead of me today!
Going to campus early today....
My house is like a dead zone when it comes to homework!
Upgrading to the new myspace this weekend.
Be sure to check it!
Never getting up at 4a.m.
Again sleepy lifeofaprincess 
Pell Grant recipients, learn how you can earn up to 5,000 to study abroad at the Gilman Scholarship info session, 4:305:30, McKinley 155
Napoleon Dynamite is so dumb..
Amen and HalleluYER!!!!!
Did you set resolutions or goals for 2012?
We'd love to hear what they are!
love you!!!
Are you still alive???
; lol
Why has my thumb still not gotten any better?
:
Is it true?
Is BN going to sell off the Nook and digital book part of their business?
is following me on twitter, I couldn't get any happier
thank you for sponsoring the Wine Down event for So many worth organizations you are supporting every month!
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it.
Scott Eddy
Ahaha!
you're welcome.
oomf just called me  the guy she been wantin for months minute man!
damn i bet that sucked lol!!
ooh that sucks I get of at 3...
Going to Mo's party!:
Wanna sleep but my head won't keep quiet.
Out to the porch with tea I go...
love the rain at night.
Let's talk.
Plugging in my phone charger before it dies
TONIGHT: Vegan 101 Season 2 screening starring ERIC ROBERTS at LA Film, TV Webisode Festival April 16 at 7:45pm, Raleigh Studios  Hollywood
Do you want to know a good way to fall in love?
Just associate all your pleasant experiences with someone,
Thanks for the tip.
I'll be getting out of work early and I should be able to make it!
damn I love that girl.
you're welcome!
Thanks for the link, I'll definitely have to read up!
:
RT : c/o : Don't make your customer do something you wouldn't do!
:
ha u look like the trailer park .
Get ur right hoe im much more high class than that .
U probably dont even have a job so stfu
Please don't yell, I had a rough night.
Have fun b safe send photo
My mom got her a lil boo thang..
Im so happy for her !!!
I miss you too.
Lol we dont talk as much :/
doesn't matter.
Police officer's have wants and needs too!
;
What are you waiting for C.G.?
GOP probably won't allow it.
The RINOs are scared of Newt.
2:00 in the am we still in the studio
What's better, hiring someone inhouse to manage your company's social media or outsourcing to an agency?
Why?
k let me know!
Just come by and you will get some buns
I love this boy, that has hazel eyes, brown hair, lives in Miami, living his doctoram, sweet, sexy, my inspiration.
His name is
Harpers wrist tats: Left, Right
Had fun at Rachael's friend 4th bday party today.
The kids all made their own Tshirts; Rachael's features double dog, double rainbow.
This promo from Johnny Ace is getting me to like him more rather than hate him since I'm not a John Cena fan.
Brisk fall day today.
Gotta find time to do my March Madness brackets before 11am Thursday
lmfao!
I love you too kell!
:D
Is it possible to take screen shots with doctorids?
I always thought that Minor League baseball team gear would become trendy.
There are some dope logos and graphics.
When A Bitch Try To Make me Look Stupid They End Up Makin Themselves Look Like Ah HOE
Wish I was at the MarableConference.
Someone just tweeted my mentor Ula Taylor's remarks.
I think the new restaurant needs a jazz guitarist or pianist...not amateur night...
Nope.
I'm going to think of it when I stop trying.
yeah it's insane!
I got a skirt and pants so that's prob why it was worse but yes thank god for parental assistance haha
Architects  Design professorssionals, take this AIA Approved ONLINE CE Course in your PJ's!goo.gl/sQmVJ
See you at BIO in DC
Check that.
Bin laden is dead
I don't even know you guys, but I love that she has already tweeted!
Welcome Sofia!
Bitch, my phone battery last longer than your relationships!!!!
Haha dam
When you can't find your remote 
Had a blast at the movies with my daughter.
Prettylittlethings as of wrap in midJuly is currently in postproduction expected to last until lateseptember, midOctober.
Don't forget!
Today's the last day to get 25 OFF ENTIRE ORDER by using promocode BROWNS25 at check out!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
What the hell does FF mean?
Fist fuck fridays?
No, that would be F.
New Seasons better clean up their act and Sedlar better resign as a manager, or Brady won't be winning mayor after all.
Most definitely.
ditto.
but the only way I'll have a life is if I move somewhere and try but I doubt that'll ever happen
Let's go
AP Comp exam today with
Anthony Shadid, twotime PulitzerPrize Ny times reporter and Uw alum, died.
A tragic loss for the newsreading public.
Really irked with USTA.
Don't tell me on my bday I can't play for a tennis team.
Hi Bill, thanks for following!
We met at Baylor a while ago!
o okay!
The way u look at me is different, they way u talk to me is different, the way u act around me is different.
gameofthrones best fantasy tv show ever?
: Dear please prepare a whisky for me.
I like Elijah Craig 12 with 2 rocks.
Thank you!
pdxdmc  I'm in!
I have to move Collection G to the space where F is.
But first F to E, E to D, D to C, C to B, and B to A.
Problem  nowhere to put A.
Thanks much for the RT today!
HumbleBrag RT : interesting fact about evolution: i am god
lol.
im not...but you act like yu Dnt walk slow as hell eitha tho.
RT : As a designer, part of yr job desc shld B 2 talk yr client out of using Comic Sans or Arial 4 their piece.
I led her there, when the sun doctoroped like a slack hammock long into the late afternoon...
This Man Wants Jeter's Job Eduardo Nunez is doctorven by one goal: to someday be the everyday shortstop for the New York Yankees.
waiting on u to doctorp that music
Always refreshing to hear speak about the holistic design of healthy, empowering communities.
Love to read the twitter commentary when people are in the middle of watching tv shows.Tweets from the last FlippingOut are pretty funny.
uh, unicycle?
I have the busiest schedule ever
How would you like to make some  by telling us your opinions of Coke Zero?
Ping back for more info!
:
What an incredible weekend!
As believers, we are ESCAPING GRAVITY!
Sleeping tonight would be fun, but that won't happen.
When kids from Boston go to bed they don't worry about the Boogie Man.
They fear Robert Andino.
Weedman txt me and said he got that shit that be rapping about...must be his selling point..lol
congrats on all your success!
Finally out of school, graduation on thursday, got a couple jobs lined up
get your brown 84 jersey now!!!!.
spoke to the steelers store they getting the jerseys in for this year
And a beautiful one it is!
Mark Sanchez courtside at MSG...
chatting with Tony Soprano's sister?
That deserves a screenshot, or something
if you're hating on vivian i'm unfollowing you.
calling her selfish?
she's actually SELFLESS.
Hiring!
Looking for a contract SharePoint developer to work with our client in Hillsboro, OR.
If interested, then please reply.
PDX Sha
that's never a bad idea.
Naps 
socialmediais when you read the newspaper with your friends?
picks up jason taking him back upstairs and laying him in his crib.
Smiles down at him, kisses his head, pulls his blanket up sleep we'll
are you going to do a recap on Baby Chili?
I've read some mixed reviews.
yes, not arguing with that part, but the need is largely unknown until the solution is present.
Off Thursday need to find something to do.
hi my names heidi klockenbrink and I like to quote sponge bob and try different shampoos...
I agree, but what do you suggest?
Google trends: Gmail adds image and video thumbnails to people widget
Nothing like camping in February with the Cub Scouts
Patients pays, only 3 minutes to passing.
In order to hate you actually have to care.
Thanks for the mention.
Cheers!
Son Salvaje will be at Tampa Bay's HOTTEST Latin Night tonight at from 830Midnight w/ Salsa Lessons at 9!
References to that movie were banned 2 days ago.
Batman:Arkham City is out on 18th A BW version of Batman/Catwoman to see all your awesome pencil work!
Thank you , for spreading the word about our guest speaker.
Goodnight!
Your welcome for going!
Getting ready to do some retail therapy!!
Just slowing down, soaking it in....
ah, there it is: electricity.
It's a Breakthrough about to happen in PuertoRico
invest in a 'bump key'...
won't be much of a problem for u anymore
New THings are happening....
every trip will want to make you stay longer!
Enjoy the day its absolutely gorgeous outside!!!
Stop lookin at me fartnocker or else I'm gonna eat ur for lunch!
Ima hungry shark bear today
With free checked bags on it perplexes me why people still bring on massive carryons.
Gotta have all your bases covered.
Off to Indiana to watch kick some ass.
um don't know is what true??
My voice is getting better,but not up to usual
I'm tweeting while doctorving cus the cop next to me is doing it too!
I bombed last nite
The Marriage Equality bill gets signed into law today.
Happy Equality Day, everyone!
Welcome!
RT : Good evening BCSM Sorry Im late!
We had softball/baseball games tonight!
looking forward to yours as well!
I want Hetalia on DVD for Christmas/ my birthday.
So baddly.
Louis  My best ever Christmas present was probably..
A subscription to The Fishing Magazine..
Go back to sleep.
Goodmorning
Filling out this ASB application and idk what to write.
I think it may be called the diabetic diet.
Continue to keep us posted  that is when you are not in sugar coma :
RT : Excited as hell to go to the OrangeBowl tomorrow with Shits gonna be off the meat rack!
I hate holidays.
Happy Easter I guess!
your leaving like everyone else in my life thanks for giving me false hope that you wouldnt leave too
Go Rockets!!!
Carlos Beltran looks just like woody harrelsons girlfriend in white men can't jump.
Just saying.
Hubby called me outside to see a big 6' black snake in the backyard today.
Did I really need to know about that?
: i was born a rebel doctorvebytruckers nice!
How else would they command fear at their night jobsrunning sm clubs?
So many typos in books published these days.
So true.
Great question.
Is electronic publishing the cause?
RT if you want my number!!!
That's a very strange series of events.
Almost Barefoot Banditesque.
Thanks for sharing.
Yes!!!
1st class DEN  OAK : looking forward to being home :
oh, i need to get me one of those!
Another promising Chicago sports team's season cut short by the loss of the team's Quarterback
I'm still reading one you gave me a while back.
Tremendous book.
Everything is getting smaller except for prices.
Trip is officially booked for St.Lucia!!!
that's lovely zayn!
The surprise twist in the agent hiring a hooker to lure athletes story was that it was a BASEBALL agent who did it.
Haha you did so much better daughter.
Obviously learned from the best ;
: I should have my own movie, Life and times of a mixed American vegetarian.
I'd watch it.
SOURCE is shooting Episode Four of Freefall the Webseries!
The Spa Room is amazing!
is there a lodlam tutorial or website that explains how to get resources from 060 into something usable for our efforts?
Pinterest is alot of fun, however.
So much variety!
Love me or hate me.
Either way I'm on your mind.
Marinate on that......
Madonna's fashion collection Material Girl has been so successful the superstar has expanded the brand to include a full beauty line....
Bo Ryan doesn't redshirt anyone.
The choice is the player's to redshirt.
Also, Ryan is the most anti transfer coach out there.
Need a new buddy to talk to .
R/T if you do too .
Mystery creates wonder, and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand.
Neil Armstrong
I'll give you .....
A piece of gum Socks Peanut butter ANN CLOWNS IF YOU FOLLOW
Gomes looked like he was having a seizure when attempting to catch Halladay's line doctorve
9 days straight going to sleep at 2am, lost an hour to DLS, and back to working at 8am today and was perfectly awake!
Thanx to Vitality!
Certainly Wacom is a trusted brand, however the tip looks a bit clunky.
Is it accurate enough to sketch/write cleanly?
Woohoo!
many thanks
seriously, NW was overrun by joggers yesterday!
RT : Suddenly runners everywhere NW 23rd PDX Suspect trailing zombies.
is excited to speak about datadoctorven solutions in financial education for Higher Ed at annual APSCU
o yeaa.
Just gay.
c21nonhuman misses you too.
cant wait 2 spend my first nite in my new place....yay!!!!
I bet somebody real happy that they found MY ten dollars on the ground .
Awesome!
What's your book/article about?
its been since 2010 for me :
Spent the last hours of my workday with two of the most powerful figures in my field / professorssion  truly an honor!
I love my , but even better is the kindness, speed and efficiency of 's customer service!
haha ya I know right!!: just 1 click and your done, OK maybe a little time to load:
Thnx for the RT  you guys had everybody on their feet in Louisville.
See ya in Indy.
Factorfaked comes on tonight at 9pm on SyFy!!
looking forward to it!
one of my favorite shows!!
bring on some more!!!
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
April Fool's 1778  Oliver Pollock, a New Orleans businessman, creates the dollar sign, , by way of bad handwriting and an abbr.
for pesos
beach body...
p90x in a bit ;
watching The Guild season 3 with and I'm laughing so hard!!!!
22.
Brewers 3 Cardinals 2  Zack wins on the road / Axford's save streak continues / On to the West Coast.
it's because everybody is gone
.
fans Monday we talk to the MenAtWork star!
If you have questions please be sure to tweet them to us!
Fear: That I'll give in before I finish my life.
doctoram: One day, people will care more.
3
Another book I checked out from the library is on Turkey.
Such detail!
Can't wait to go somewhere.
It's ADA Sunday!
10 of your purchase today will be donated to Augusta Dog Adoptions!
today is starting to feel like friday.
i love holiday weekends!
Sand Volleyball Tuesday with the girls!
I suck, but it's always fun
THANK YOU!
Every little bit helps!
You are great!!!
love that movie.
Nothing phases me either.
Half my movie collection is gory horror.
That's the kind of nonsense up with which I will not put!
Do you have a favorite book about the Mongol empire in the fourteenth century?
Up early thought it was a day off but getting ready to plan for next week with my mom.
Give us one word to describe your Sukkot experience...
Put my face up in your neck and breath
That one small rally
Can overanalyzing situations be a transferable job skill?
I sure hope so!
So far it's the best turnout ever for our 4th annual clothing swap!
Lotz of clothes and monetary donations for
I might be taking it to a new level but I have not and will never set foot in Fort Collins!
shopping for journals...wondering who would want to know that!
haha!
With the advantage of hindsight...but how do you now feel about the Withey/TRob vs Davis/Jones comparison?
Calling all dcarea foodies.
Need caterer recs for a cocktail party on May 19th.
This week's fortune cookie: Any troubles you may have will pass very shortly.
Now that's something to look forward to!
But is it true?
minneapolisice road truckers
Deleting your facebook is like running away from home.
Your just doing it for attention and you'll be back in an hour.
dats my dog's name :3
I'm out of town today but I'd be happy to write an email detailing a few things.
My babe is graduating in white 33
Beautiful day to sit on our patio!
Woohoooo!!!
Love these shorts days at work....
Hello Weekend!
twitterupdate: I just procrastinated by synthesizing an awesome new background for
How comfortable do you feel asking your doctor or pharmacist questions if you don't fully understand them?
Not Garza.
I just made the same mistake, haha.
Straight To The Top Music video talks on the way, got Jenn Gittings on board now as DP with crew and Director Scott Dobbie.
.
Bring it!
Awe its so cute when you think I care its niggas like you that made bitches like me swag don't hate just appreciate
I went to Stanford; they're not good at idleness there, I can assure you.
Wisconsin far better.
Somebody once said Nothing is worth more than this day!
,gotta love kooooooolaid man
Wild Wednesday is today from 3:305:30.
We have games and more importantly...
leftover snacks from last week's Hunger Games party!
hey kailz, hows life on the mainland?!
Where r u?
I just saw the hunger games, without shaen .
explain to me how, i shall do whatever
hey i switched it up and got a professorssionalish twitter 
Hope You're Enjoying a Beautiful Day!
A busy day for me!..Wanted to sayT.Y.
ForRTsMMsDMsSOs!
Stay Safe!
Get me a Moosejaw Tee and I'll take it to Mt.
Everest base camp.
Leaving in 10 days.
Will take photo for you,too
i stay off hollywood
The Beatles  Within You Without You  04:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Tuesday?
I shall try to contain my excitement.
I really wanna go see
There is NO Fried Chicken University.
It's a shame...a degree from there might be quite noticeable.
McDonald's has a Hamburger University...
haha ; i miss that too
Thank you for the clarification.
I appreciate it.
found out friend of mine got a promotion to a higher position than me  work and Jon is being annoying
hearts beating like crazyy!
what's good bro?
How you living?
wewontworkif you're like every other fucking asshole that I've met in my life.
So, basically that's every dude alive.
What makes a business suitable for factoring?low levels of debt more than 90 days overdue.
yeahbuddy RT : thanks for the RT my california friend
Game 7.
1 goal game.
becauseItsTheCup It will be laid on the line by both teams.
ILovePlayoffHockey Rangers caps
ain't answer the phone when I called her hours ago, it's coo
about what?
Lol
Poker on Thursday at 5:30 at Gary's house.
Let me know.
Peace!
Photography tip 1.
When a director poses just for you and asks how the photo looks don't say  ehhh...
average....
Okay math.
I'm gonna be an athletic trainer when the hell am i gonna need to know how to solve a freaking quadoctortic function?!
lol y u say that
If we had known that, having procured the cable box, we would then be required to beg Comcast to turn the horrid thing on...
eli2011 In its analytics, Purdue ignores all data related to time.
It takes some effort to log in but no effort to stay logged in.
did you get an answer?
just thinking the same thing.
Books do tend to find the precise reader they require.
Trust me on this, I am a librarian.
Andoctoras Master winner of the Certain Death 1.1 Online Tournament
She Stupid If She Believe Me.
Food for Thought: One reason I don't doctornk is that I want to know when I am having a good time.lol Have a Prosperous Day Tweeters!
Lakers have NO bench.
Good lord.
what?
You don't like help?..
Fine then, cause I would of...
movie doing what?
da fuq.
who spells Nicole with a H.
Thank you  for your quality work with the Peak Producer program.
It was an amazing experience!
Are people there all day?
Only media coverage has occupycolumbus ending at 1:00.
Did you guys get hacked?
RT : Spam salad filled ravioli
Thank you fine sir that should be lots of help!
Welcome to Georgia!
and Peter Konz
Yikes.
Tony Picciano unloaded a full broadside against Blackboard during the plenary panel.
Good morning twitter bout 2 go 2 church and also happy mothers day
baby girl i miss you soo much come dance with me
So with there being 12 days till Christmas.
Im gonna play a fun little game.
I am going to tweet a Holiday Quote per day.
:
March 14, 2012 Quote of the Day The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
The one day I'm on when tweets.
I tweet to him all I can and of course he doesn't even notice me!
And the Romans with the W !
Running a 1/2 OFF special for the event I'll be cycling for in April.
100 of session price goes to support this cause!
Contact for info!
What said ; Thanks!
So excited to see you host again.
Break a leg.
Please RT!
is Bmore's newest and coolest resource.
Great way to build community and repair neighborhoods!
Can't stand the smell of old people
You training for something or what?
8 mi is out of your range son ;
Gracious God, we thank you for the sign of the cross, our enduring reminder of your relationship with us through Christ.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Mother Theresa
I know it's so wrong we can get crappy DSL or crappy cable, and no one else can come in cause of the monopolies set up.
People who do you wrong will soon regret

A great relationship is about two things, first, find out the similarities, second, respect the differences.
lmao, i'm broke
Patsy can't resist a buttery nipple, look out Cera!
So much to remember to forget ....but u fuck everything up ur lost dumb hoe NeverGunnaLoveYouAgain that's for sure
i turn on the radio and i hear Hey its Austin Mahone and this is my new single 'Say Something' first played on Y100 WHAT?!?!
I once trusted you to pay me my march madness winnings.
smh.
RT : You guys ever had your trust breached?
it sucks, real bad.
I just resisted the urge to post a photo of what I was eating for lunch.
bahaha!!
naw girl not this time!
; gathering again this year then??
Enjoyed it, back in Sac for now, you?
I can't wait to hear my President Barack Obama's SOUT addoctorss!
Thank you sir!
RT : Happy Birthday !
I definitely love girls who wear baseball caps.
Happy Easter!
Or Happy springtime Sunday whichever you prefer.
What wine are you enjoying this afternoon?
Its a rose day for me, I must say
I'll let you finish, but..
is, well you know the rest..
Unscramble this spy word, reply or DM me answer, I'll DM u CovertTU password!
The word: GRATET
Slowing but surely teaching myself InDesign.
okay those are incredible
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter.
If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Jack Benny
idol  The voters made the right call this week, for sure.
It should be a good finals.
I told you everyone loves us
Oh goodness!
Be careful!
can't rely on myself, always leaning on the Lord n His grace
Knowing that my family is in good shape VIA Twitter is tweeterlicious
Send me a DM with your email and I'll add you to the Google group.
So, I guess my update rituals do not influence remote outcomes afterall.
Damn quasimagical thinking.
RT : L.
Nakamura says Iran revolution wasn't so much revolution for Iran, as much as a revolution for Twitter
exactly!
Bailed out by travel call!
You can submit the rest of the application requirements and just let Isis Wright know when you will be taking the exam.
U must BELIEVE IN YOU b4 you can make others do it !!!
I hear you.
When someone asked me if I knew any, I almost chuckled.
Jobs are not hard to come by for these guys.
The Ice Cream Social Tour starts today!
Be sure to say hello to our first time merch guy/all around great dood Jack Mock!
yepgolf actually looks really good in 3D, Augusta is beautiful.
Basketball isn't that great,I threw the glasses during UW NIT
The road to success is always under construction.
Thanks for the Twitter mentions.
w.e not worth arguing with you.
I feel so out of touch.
Like I haven't been on any form of Social Media in a long time.
:/.
Congrats on the new gig.

thanks for the shout out!!
Researching XML handling in AS3.
Any suggestions of where to start?
podcast, RSS feed, image gallery...?
We should definitely go skating tomorrow again!
Lawnchair in the doctorveway, joint in my hand
my head hurts so bad :/
Congrats!
Very excited to hear that!
RT PCI receives 15m Gates Fdtn grant to improve health in northern India
are you watching best of cheers right now?
5 meteors...time for bed.
Q1 momeochat from the mouth of babes, she says that they are making up for what they did not have as kids.
Having crazy doctorams lately .
it was GaryVee
I like it!
Need a memory boost?
Give your brain a workout with games like chess, Scrabble, or bridge.
Thx Kaitlin RT Great term for what your brand's sm should aim for from relevant virality.
Im not Common but im for
Tanner is a loser
Let's go Oakland!!!
excited to be going to TED Global this year and to hear your talk.
1 for strange.
:
Happy St.
Patricks Day from Alta Vista : Everyone have a fun and safe holiday!
If you pardon the indulgence, we'd like to dedicate a HUGE FF to as he takes on a cross country bike ride today.
Home early from work..
that's love
thanks for the suggestion.
I did most of the work in the yard tho.
;
agreed, but wins the 'showing republican aversion to facts' award.
Ha, yes, yes we are all related.
If ever in Milwaukee stop in and say hi and I will do the same!
What a pick by Sterling Moore..
Just learned that a young dude at my old High School was diagnosed with and is now fighting leukemia.
RT with a prayer please
Is there water on Mars?
YES in the form of ice at the poles and in the soil
BITCH I DONT KNOW YOUR LIFE!
Nothing like sweating my ass off during my final in Lambert.
After church hopping in Da whip Blasting 116 from TheGoodLife produced by my homie !
Today made me really sad.
I hope tomorrow is better.
ahahahaaaa and that wouldn't even be funny lol
Archives, prison libraries, childoctorn's literature, info policy, government docs, activism in retirement...glimpse of the topics
May the 4th be with you!
economy loses 6200 JOBS, StandWithJohnDOE :O
WE ND A LOT OF THEM
I had to cook, it's been several days since I've been able to chew real food.
Sigh.
my mom and I are making a video to call me maybe out back , nobody will ever see it 
And the spurs keep it going.
cant wait man 3
and I were wondering if we can go over 3 pages for our print layout?
Thats a bit limited for two people.
Did you know that the performing arts in Milwaukee grew 10 between 20022009?
Your gifts make it all possible!
Thanks for giving to UPAF
I like that all the people suspicious of Barack Obama's weird name are having to choose between Mitt and Newt.
TP via
UGH!!
do I need to shoot Myself for you to notice me?!
333
Carpe per diem  seize the check.
Robin Williams
111777 you so pretty girl :
WOWWW!!!happy early birthday!!:
NP French Montana  Shot Caller remix 
If there is one thing that gets in the way of what my heart wants, its my head.
April showers bring may flowers and what do Mayflowers bring?
Pilgrims!
Everyone looks at my like I'm crazy in this salon..
My just tryna to get my feet scraped lmao
good luck tonight at your event.
I'm sure all your hardwork will pay off!
Xo
I miss my dad 
no no it wasn't my socks lol it was an OH ;
Don't worry, its nothing that the harsh realities of life after high school can't doctorin from your soul.
Oh my god, I had a vague idea of wanting something like that this week.
Let me know how it goes.
what's that?
Wikipedia says September 2012.
Just pickin' on ya : You make it up to see Jim; then hit me up for a visit on the way back home cc:
: here ; Awww you knew I was talking about you ;
youre welcome Jay!
If youre that person that wants to hang and you live far.
Its not gunna happen!
Stauffer points out that nineteenth century physical collections in particular peril bc out of copyright and not yet rare enough.
no doubt ;
I think the St.
Louis Cardinals are the Play !
The Easy money Sunday !
yee.
just deactivated my facebook and it feels pretty good :
Oh.
My.
God.
Phillip Phillips...period.
haha I agree!
I gotta have music.
wes
showtime has californication, shameless, homeland, houseoflies.
Whats hbo have?
Im gonna cancel them.
RT  Cleveland Indians DH Travis Hafner is doubtful Wednesday against Arizona
We are just one pendant light away from having our top floor finished!
Still no heat, functioning sink or kitchen, but it's progress...
Will ask BFC2012 organizers about livestreaming for
Okay random guy in the bathroom, stop talking to me about Mark Zuckerberg while I'm peeing at the urinal.
Please.
Now.
Get Free  by Major Lazer
Success means having the Courage, the Determination, and The Will to become the Person you Believe you were Meant to be.
Show me how to love .
YEAH RIGHT you wish.
is journeying to Boro Park, Brooklyn, the motherland, to dig even deeper.
It's times like this where i really wish i had my boyfriend lying next to me.
facebook buys doctorp.io.
huh?
reminds me of ebay buying skype.
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him : and can't wait for that episode btw :
Just had a celebrity sighting at lunch.
Dude walked by and said to  excuse me, are you on ?
How people now have stories that could be titled How I Lost my Sombrero?
sold effort
has tweets that i could retweet for hours, i feel like it would get obnoxious
Fate is just a game we play..
Can you look at the email I just sent?
yes even more bomb with this heat lol
What's RvD doing this Saturday?
Swing by 3036 N.
Lincoln Ave.
No.
2 at 7pm and find out.
Important yes, but we make no  on the site nor does it support something we do make  on, yet.
Need to balance.
My mother never listens to me.
It's official.
I am no longer a resident of Indianapolis.
I'm a Michigander now!
But stop teaching to the test hits a home run.
Hunkered down writing another play test plan; this is starting to get old.
We Scythians loathe rainbows.
Well...I'm beat.
Great night!
Hittin' the hay finally!
Gotta be up for work in 5 hours....
got my coffee and energy doctornks on hand!
OH MY BURNHAM MUSICMAMAB UR LUCKY HES FOLLOWING YOU!
HE IS NOT ME!MAYBE I WILL GET THE SAME LUCK SOON!
DCtech parting with tonight at for her career at !
and DCevents won't be the same.
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms early this evening.
Lows in the mid 60s....
DC Mayor Vincent Gray arrested in protest against new budget plan
YRS AGO BIG HAIL STORM; jOHNSON cO SHERIFF CALLED ME 6 X's TIMES A DAY/MORE WHERE R U WHERE R U WE NEED U now LIKE THEY WERE SPECIAL
Ended up in the front row with at the dave douglas show!
so u are going to fold up All those Preds jerseys and put them away for another year?
I'm working on the titles and credits for Life Tracker.
So many people with so much work...
All those freaky girls all around the world
F.M.G.
N.A.B ABOUT TO TAKE OVER
A lot of pretty ladies work here.
RT : Man.
Roses are pouring into today like WHOA
thanks for the follow on Twitter!
Hope all is going well:
That's amazing!
and perfect timing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY UNCLE
Jay Z  Kanye concert was so sick!
Best hiphop concert I've ever been to.
Lmfao, by the way my friend wants your chocolate ass.
Big ol' laundoctor night with a lonely hearts frozen entree heating up!
answering questions from the audience in his What is Citizenship For talk w
I am the Boss...King of Diamonds that's me!
Lol
Oh no, now I'll be singing that in my head all night haha.
Yay for the TD!
Nice af : makes me want to go swimming!
summertime 3
we noticed that you aren't a subscriber to speakaboos.
please follow us so we DM a special coupon for SpeakaboosPlus access!
where you gon be at 2day?
18th time in my life, not the 18th time today!
:
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
Join us for Jabberwocky: How Food Defines Us, Tuesday, July 12th.
For more information, www.storytellingarts.org
I'm Just inviting everyone to my house tomorrow
Audio Revilval is now finishing the Romp.
They are 4/5 members of last years winner, LSKI
haha no jake it was in a parenting magazine
As promised, Feds cut funding to Texas wom's health program for failing to allow women to use Planned Parenthood.
I, am a butt face
So glad that joined Twitter!
I swear, you can't be a future journalist if you don't use it!
You more of a bitch than a bitch
This tornado stuff is really scary...and I live in a place were there shouldn't be tornados..ugh.
nope I refuse to make myself feel down!
Ha!
I've made that mistake before :
recovering from a great ESPA Detention with !
Thanks Tessa  Barbara Harrison!
With Texas Tommy Butler at Dirty Franks.
i do like it but ughh and im actually not haha
One too many Ciroc cocktails for Diddy
Ok I am going to do the number game!!!
Google ice cream sandwich software will be out at end of year.
Yum.
We've had thunder, lately.
Makes me wonder why kids are on the field.
Okay, noone bit!
His name is Dan Whitney!!
Larry the Cable guy is from Nebraska.
So, I'm a manager calling his manager ...
We said done everything in their power to ensure their success at the ballot box.
And you dispute that?
Now watching the GossipGirl finale let's see.....
On the face of it, yes.
But Jersey pride is far more common, and therefore more irritating, than Baltimore pride.
YouCuteAndAllBut you still aren't ...
sorry...
Heyy cutie ; what you doing
WSOPLIVE Where are the microphones??
I want to hear a Phil blowup!
Now, John Hughes, too?
It's been a crazy couple of months.
Lee, Paul, or DeMint RT : Who is the Senator who is doing the most for the United States currently?
Nominations open
I'm in a weird mood right now.
Tune into The Signal Friday 7p and Sat.
1p to hear a delightful Stoop story about nudityintended and unintendedfrom My Big Idea show!
Paul George I love you
Braves and Hawks both win.
Solid night.
Happy Thursday!!
Make it a great day...not feeling well today, I know today will be amazing anyway!!
Be
Tonight is going to be fantastic.
Tv is weird
Q4.
Oddest thing you've ever seen at an airport/train station/bus stop
There's a NoVA Corgi meetup I want to take Kirby to this Sunday, BUT it's in Leesburg.
Damn that's far
dude no kidding.
Way too many.
Lots of Ducks and Beaver fans in the SE too.
I would have thought more UW and WSU fans
Fallin asleep to where ill doctorft off to my future..
If you treat someone like a celebrity dont be surprised if they treat you like a fan.
absolutely ladies!
:
hate it!!!
I should go to mami crib!!
Anybody want to know what real grass looks like?
I'll take a picture of my dads front lawn tomorrow
There is a lot more juice in grapefruit than meets the eye.
give Matt his old number
Thanks Diana!
Bob is a sharp individual himself!
Coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee coffee, coffee, coffee,

HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE BE SAFE TONIGHT!
CIL11 speaker noted research libs can get doctorfree ebooks for their campuses  examples anyone?
Can't be common for works in copyright
Ms play with no pelotas y huevos
book worms break the law too
nuthn but gin in my trippy cup
Check out Afrika Bambaataa, Kenny Dope, Todd Terry,, , Slick Rick  more  Le Poisson Rouge NYC!
10pm
bad girls do it well
Great article
I'd like to be everything you want...
For the love of god will everyone just vote for Rodgers being on the madden cover...
i don't want my boo getting hurt
The awkward moment when you type for a long time and look up...
And see that you weren't typing at all...
We're kindoctord spirits ...
: This made me laugh too!
SignsAPersonCantCook six days a week they go to a restaurant and order fast food!
you have yet to text me
Finished 's Wonderstruck.
Loved it.
4got I don't have ur number in this new phone loll..
Christian Bale 3
Collaboration vital to produce of multimedia exhibits.
Making sure everyone knows what everyone has to do Bluecadet Interactive
Deck the halls with boughs of holly...
Wrapping up a great couple days at the NITLE Summit.
Learned a lot, and feeling a bit star struck by all the famous DH'ers.
Can we just chill, listen to music, and just talk?
Or is that too much to ask for
Hahahaha no problem;D RT : My wallpaper on my phone   thanks !!
There is that sports store in Fashion Valley, way down on the end, across from Old Navy I think.
back at ya!
hope to run into you around town...
FRISAT: Annual French Market  strolling mimes, French cuisine, up to 75 off over 35 shop  cafe 10AM5PM...
McAllen High on the board, 29 yd TD pass from Justin Salinas to Ben Griffith.
Extra point no good, Alexander 276, 3:34 left in the half.
The LMS's mother when it brought home pasta glue to construction paper.
Well!
That is a lovely....
ahh kitty?
shortversion Romney: If you have to ask if you have enough money to retire, you can't afford it.
Cue weird laugh.
It's your world use it to your advantage.RT : If you had to give a speech to 200 HS students about SM  what would you say?
Legit Online Jobs
I wishh i had a mac so i could work on design stuff at home willieverfinishthiscoffeelabel?!
Excellent, thank you!
Outdoor education on the Long Trail
What a beautiful day to wrap up a yearlong project!
May the dev gods smile on the ascedians today
Faith makes all things possible...
love makes all things easy..
What have u done for others?
what's up Fam.
How's life?
I see you over there working!
And have you seen my new video yet?
haha, your brother??
they're already louder...
Wait what's going on?
I love you.
Hella funny!
Thanks to Red White and Blues, Confusion, Sextones and Jus J for rocking the Beer Co stage last night and packing the house!!
3 3
ThingsBlackFolksArgueAbout goin half on something but not doin the right math
Thanks for hosting me for DellCAP, it was a great experience!
Many thanks to
: ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend who doesn't have a girlfriend
I used to be able to stay up late.
Now all I want to do is sleep.
The experience of God, or in any case the possibility of experiencing God, is innate
I love the way you lie3
prom night which shows that nothing they do is ever enough.
Just be careful and have a good prom!
:
Settling down in Lakewood, WA tonight at another fantastic couchsurfing.org host's house.
Tomorrow  walking to Dupont, WA.
Prob.
slp in wds
We hope everyone's enjoying a relaxing weekend ....
have a happy holiday tomorrow and don't forget, we're open for EasterBrunch!
Call soon!
yes please!
boyband beyonce  heard you were looking 4 a new boyband.Check out an unsigned multicultural group from CA
I wonder if the hallways are dead ?
TGIF!!
Going to be a good weekend!
Going out with for his pre wedding celebration!
you and your sister bonded today so cool :
the proper spelling depends on your scatological worldview.
Asked the nice server if he knew if AZ was in our time zone.
He said he thought it was 1/2 hr ahead.
Cami is really pretty.
Was never interested in fashion dolls till I got my first Cami.
With the opening of The Smith Center, dinner is getting really busy.
Make sure you make a reservation before coming in.
702.270.4400.
Chat directly with Kwalee game developers  Action Figures
nap time  writing time :
I love rihanna's new songs.
OMG!
New recipe for the Pina Colada cake truffles....
AMAZING!
Def my new Fav!
Sometimes it's hard to tell who's higher, Wil Wheaton or his cat.
Bonjour!
We will get to Texarkana as soon as we can!
What's your favorite item to enjoy?
Holy moly....what a week!
Feeling so thankful and blessed on this beautiful Sunday.
Wishing you all a fabulous week!
I should know by now that 45th is a really poor way to try to traverse this city.
Wow......so angry at my biology teacher
Anyone a good decision maker?
CabinintheWoods is my favorite movie of 2012.
I Think Its axy But Idk ..
GOOGLE IT!
Why didn't you doctornk out of Lenos mug tonight?!
Green jacket party last night.
Great event!
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
I've heard conflicting accounts.
Do you know if a city law restricts sleeping in public space, sans structure, bag or furniture
I hope my 2nd block teacher ain't here:
U gotta stop snorting that stuff in such quantities!
Nice Pic, we'll send U similar pic from Portland OR, on our balcony w rain!
Oh.
I'm scared!
Bh please
Your hotness might blind him.
Remember although brainy and g33k girl you are a grade A piece of ass boo.
not in NM.
That pic is not from NM.
But our mountains get snow.
When I lived in MA we often had a white christmas.
time for a free throw shooting contest to decide it.
Almost gym time!:D
I am in Delaware county.
I have availability on Sat and Sun afternoons.
Does this work for you?
thanks for the retweets, would love to hear your thoughts if you end up seeing it
5 kids in all.
Too much candy left.
Amazing MEMORY FOAM PRODUCTS!
Do u have a coexist tshirt or bumper sticker?
Okay, I don't ever want to be your friend.
RT  I don't want to say Chicago's north suburbs have taken over BC, but I think Ferris Bueller  Cameron just walked by.
I am a fantastic college paper writer.
Degree in English and Business.
: I wish I could pay someone to write my papers for me!!!!!
This dentist better hope I don't hear my baby crying up here cuz you know daddy busting up in that bitch to save my sunshine
Jealous.
I hope it was goober pie?
RT Middleofthenight dessert?
Welcome homefor now!
See you soon :
Lol, well it looks nothing like a tree thou.
It's more like unicorn vomit and rainbow pee...
it's graduation.
you need a new doctorss
once again temple run is keeping me up
On 9/11LeRoy Wilton Homer, Jr.
was the First Officer of United Airlines Flight 93  InSpotter app
just looked at her, I agree totally but still don't know who she is
most of their stuff is kickass, really.
Anyone else find it funny the court Marquette is playing on is called the 'KFC YUM!
CENTER'?
Love Love Love Love Love My Saints!!!!
just did!
doctorwning cuz its
follow me?
: Believe 4
11:11 is on repeat all day everyday!:
A cloud
thanks very much
I think I may say something when I go pick him up.
RT : Got dam that was a nailbiter!!!
invicta I was screaming for a single leg takedown.
This is so much fun!
what i dont understand is how shes not dead..or at least sick looking
Poetry prompt posted?
Check.
Website published?
Check.
Other things I should be doing instead of being at Twitter?
Thinking about it.
No  That's a new one!
Woody from Toy Story, the guy from Blues Clues.
That's about as cool as I get though.
Charging your phone for 5 minutes before you leave because you think it's going to make a difference.
Anyone would be lucky to have you.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street 4/16 at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Hell and Back Again!
the bus has the best convos
Wow, let me go reread.....
I didn't see anything THAT controversial
Hi there neighbor!
I'm in Lisle too  just saw your piece in the Patch!
Send me your contact info ...
I'm a cake popaholic!
Thanks gorgeous!!!
xoxo
Daughters by John Mayer
no but I want to!
I can't tho...my parents won't let me and my sister is a scaredy cat haha
Red  green chili christmas miracle.
Blue Corn Cafe in Santa Fe.
Forget predicting the brackets...how about predicting how many years before Kentucky has to vacate this yr's tourney games....5?
We do, but it involves me treating you horribly.
If I had a garden Id put your tulips and my tulips together.
Aww we miss too.
We had to go on hiatus but you never know.
Maybe it will come back someday.
He is right, for people like him that never gives charity makes no difference.
I pray its somewhere here at my house.
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.Alfred North Whitehead
so prepared for the up coming mix tape !
do yo thang !
got my love  support !
:D I LOVE YOU imao
Well goodnight Chachi but uhm when can we order sweats online..?
Hey A.
John!!
Hope you  the fam are all well  what are you up to?
Today is National Siblings Day!
Honors to my four younger brothers: David, Rodney, Andy and John.
dude you just gotta be good at it..
...as in I wish you wouldn't live.
So if my height is slightly below average, do I qualify for a Napoleon complex?
Or am I still just an asshole?
and you're bunting the baseball why?
I agree, so hot!
Be careful saying it around rihanna fans tho or you risk getting jumped
Mike, why Int'l Studies and what do you like about it?
boy please......
You would not!
You know its true
I like how they play Nuthin but a G thang when Alonzo Gee scores for the Cavs.
Let's go Bucks!
Heyy u r my best friend.
And I love to go to dance with u call me when u get this
What it do this morning son!
As we say on the East Cst!!!
:
: Chris cant sing fa shit lol
I'll see if I can make it next year
not a good exercise if your married.
Lol
We would love to feed some firefighters today.
Anyone have an idea as to the best way to go about that?
And then I wonder Why I dislike the South so much.
These confederate states continue their bigotry.
Show tonight!, Mi Tyme is performing tonight alongside Chicago Legends 3Piece  more artists Live!
Sponsored by H3 Entertainment !
Civ V get!
RT Hold fast to your doctorams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
L.
Hughes
lol u good....what all u doin today...
Sorry I missed your Tweet.
Using a search firms could be a good start.
Also, be honest in cover letters and interviews
Sometimes you just gotta love life the way it is, no matter what.
Today I am thankfulfor Wii and Video on Demand.
sickkid again.
atl!!!
come party vip with me this sat for my bday!!
send me ur name to get on my vip bday party bash list!!
linked and has two spots on there!
Daily GTKY question: What weird thing have you always you wanted to do or buy?
I do not fear you, leftover sushi.
booger where u been
The organic sparkling cider is suprisingly tasteless.
one Mans trash is another Mans treasure 
I WANT A POMSKY!
Congratulations Carol!!!
Keep it up.
Listening to destinys child.
Cater 2 you!
Favorite song
This I NEED ALL MINE video might get shot sooner than later.lol
We found a bunny!!
Congrats April!
Great talk.
I hate my sister.
man i miss being on twitter havent been on in a while well im bac i hope every one had a good thanksgiving
what a perfect day to shoot.
The weather was on your side that day.
to nice for school 
Umm think it's time to write some poetry.
Gay.
it is an elective credit.
No seriously turn that shit off, catch it on dvd or whereever, you want to hit them where it hurts DO IT.
It is our pleasure!
yeah :P
I MUST participate in a flash mob.
I'm adding this to my bucket list
I definitely didn't buy Jelly Bellys when I was there.
Happy birthday!
3
With my screenwriting projects, I've had little time for blogging so I'm opening my blog to guest bloggers.
Welp, your semester has been made.
haha I'm intrigued.
Which one are you talking about.
:
These 9 weeks better FLY by...
: but now i upgraded to family guy , and phineaus ferbi promise i stay on them shows lol shame
The only thing I don't like about having friends is the doctorma that each of them comes with.
Its like a 2 for 1 deal :/
let me get dat up out cha...
Some people need to learn and instill the concept of QuitCryin.
The world would be a much better place.
I think we were :
I support anyone who support's bad Republican candidates.
People Who Act Like The World Revolves Around Them ; Snap Back To Reality Because It Doesn't .
mayweather looking damn good!!
SMBmad FYI for the next event, this is the correct hashtag
thank you so much for joining us!
:
that's what my mom thinks...I'm still undecided..my favorite left
Milwaukee Alarm would love to save you money on your security system for the new restaurant CLUTCH.
Call 2718800
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
listening to mark thompson on xm radio.
tight!
BoyzNthe Hood
U be trippen.
q: What do the BCS, ESPN and the SEC have in common?
a: everything
They say real girls ain't ever perfect,  perfect girls aint ever real.
BGC9 is going to be boring!
Wait.....what?!
Alabama's BCS trophy shattered??.....
My Secret: Whenever I'm home alone I like to listen to Scott1 thru 4 and Night Flights...
I enjoy the beauty buried beneath melancholia...
would you mind if I reposted your live tweeting on the swopla blog this afternoon for people who missed it / don't twitter?
She's adorable
Never let go of delena is My 1 true love to day 3 i love delena 4ever
Teo Chee Huen I am who I am You are who you are So be who you are not what you are.
you know that's the truth...
LA won't win another title!
We interrupt your normal family life for..BASEBALL SEASON....Go White Sox
Shit Happens.
What Can We Do?
Lol
Marketing has changed from media doctorven to niche doctorven.
Deciding who your niche is and how best to market them provides the best returns.
So I assume the fielders died in the process?
DM me your addoctorss!
Going to have a great valentines day 
Hey girl.
doctornk some more water.
Oh man am I pooped..
:D where???
I can't even wait for this!!!
Alas, nobody ever convinced them to switch to Cdoctors, continuing their original purpose of providing free backup media
Did you bust out laughing?!
I love that kid.
Getting complimented on my airbands dance moves in class.
hell yes!
Hahaha good to know I yell politely : Would love one, although I'm still determined to take my own someday...
State Capitol Trip tomorrow, y'all.
This is gonna be good.
My mom wantsto know where we should a gohst pics, we are going to tour the Missouri State Pennitentiary very soon.
filling up the bow with rosin and bending the heck out of a saw
LOL!
You're totally right...
once I break my mindset of being accountable to those darn things!
Screw it, let's go play!
bachelorlife Good call on the coffee.
I'm gonna grab some tea from the new Keurig
products are on display on the set of Stay tuned!
is not slick.
I think my Texans will have to have either a 3rd or 4th pick in the 2014 to get Sammy Wadkins.eh?
I agree!
Our image is all about freedom.
Getting high.
Having a good time.
It's like a big party.
Rick James, San Bernardino Sun
MarchMadenss resumes today!
Who are your picks?
We're stirring up the pot  saying Louisville, OhioState, Florida  Syracuse ;
today is going to be a great day its so nice outside D
Let's go Blues!!!!!
NHL I think this may be our year!
nonsense.
I appreciate the '50sstyle 3D glasses too.
Dont forget Brewtopia on July 28th.
Celebrating American and Belgian Independence days!Taking reservations now...5949800
: I.
want.
to.
do.
something.
exciting.
this.
WEEKEND.
I.
do.
too!
has really weird doctorams when Im sick
Just popped a lemon head in my mouth.
I'm having a childhood flashback.
I just need a pack of now and laters.
That's what makes you beautiful!
:
Thank u jesus for music!!!
What I'd do with out it I don't know!
music islife!
Seriously?
You are going to streak all of Bloomsday?
Send me your start group...I have to shoot Mens Elite for magazine, but have time....
Meek mill moment 4 life freestyle
you think these old dogs will give the young pups a run?
just splashed that last second leaner
At the movies, kinda tired.
Can't wait to get home and get back on the computer.
:
I hope I get to see you today!
very cool!!

I'm just returning as a fan.
It's because of the Rays, so have a great year.
Same here
Finally up up and moving.
Shower!
Then I need to wash my Car today before I do anything else
S/o to the Director's who use those instagram color filters on there video's.
excellent, because I'm a very serious person.
Seriously.
:
So sick of shit.

Think the boys upstairs will try an acquire an everyday SS before the break?
All you Laker fans, your team BARELY beat the Nuggets.
And y'all will still lose to OKC.
What would you do if a random follower came up to you and kissed you?
Another boring training...
Poker Quote of the day: Forget about a chip and a chair; give me a hand and Ill stand.
Warren Karp
backproblems  need to get bk 2 work quickly?
minimally invasive spine sx will significantly decrease recovery time vs trad.
open back sx
I am working on a new project and want to talk to people in LA who changed their life in a big way  47 yrs or older.
Just me.
Escape to WSWB on your lunch break!
Have a glass of Tropical White Sangria and picture yourself on a white sandy beach.
InterestingRoediger, also at Wash U, has found students later thinking plausible foils were right.
Wonder how this fits.
thanks so much man, means a lot!
: That Nickleback concert was fantastic!
I don't mean to stir up trouble, but I don't like him.
I'm talking to someone else ...
Finally going home.
Hope my boo sleeps over 3
He dictated New Orleans trade him, then announced wouldn't sign an extension.
Only teams he wanted to go to would trade 4 him
Woo Hoo!!!
iaintlyin I love Mondays that start off like this one!!!
Yay there is an NFL season!
From a Luhmannian perspective the success of OOP arises not from agreement but because it generates dispute allowing communicative...
Do you think we'll get there by midnight?
Baby, we're gonna be up five hundy by midnight!
Finishing the tour tomorrow.
Back to NY!
Life plan involves eating really really chocolately things, like, all the time.
We do it to ourselves, we do
LETS GO PENS!
Stop fucking around!!
RT Hall of Famer Dolph Schayes in the house today too.
Remains alltime best Dolph.
Sorry, Lundgren.
Mahasarakham University student Cambodian, thailand.mp4.
Wahoo!
Where did you happen to catch our ridiculousness?
yea man.
Trying to keep workin on my crafts!
When eye have people to do it for me eyell know when they f up lol
.
Oh that sentence.
The pinnacle.
It makes me remember what a writer can do.
House Minority Leader Thissen says there are 34 DFL votes committed to vote for Vikings stadium.
Asks Speaker Zellers to deliver match
Damn you new Tweet Deck for changing all the good things I liked about old Tweet Deck.
And really, why show professorle names instead of  names
may I ask, what's your name?
Plus if you want coffee I'll have my peeps deliver it to your peeps for you!
Lol
Sometimes we are so afraid of love that we marry fear.
When love comes we can't divorce fear so we're stuck...don't miss out on love...
143 you are pretty.
i love your twitter a lot.
wow!
i wish you all could hear this...
Tackling trivia again tonight.
This time it's a music theme.
Any pointers?
looking forward to it..
:P
Wtf is so fun about hurting other innocent breathing creatures for your amusement why can't I cut you fucking fingers off damn assholes!
I cannot live without books.
Yes, Nguyensanity, and is that a bad thing?
The last thing I am worried about today is my mothers bitching :
Details not released, but Republican supercommittee tax proposal floated yesterday said to limit or eliminate charitable deduction.
Nitro wins 225 : I on.the other hand didn't do too hot
Nice!
MT : We make welcome packs.
Office supplies, calendar of community events, recommended doctors, etc sachat Q1
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Every Terran in silver just masses marines and they'll always be in silver because of it.
Better late than never but never late is better.
RT : We'll be giving away a pair of tickets to the final concert of the Brevard Symphony Orchestra's 2011/12 season......
Happy Birthday 'old man!!!!
J/k.
Tonight is Jim Ripp at 5pm taking all your requests, ANTHONY  Leslie Cao at 9pm...who wants a Wicked Tini?!
Dianne Smith, commentator, is an abstract painter, sculptor and installation artist.
gazebo pants back on after minibreak for church.
kickboxing gazebo pants!
that's a fast time, expect another PR here in San Diego.
Looking forward to your visit.
I've said this about once a day since 1996ish but...I hate MTV.
Lol.
They should change the name to shitty tv.
Hello 10!
SHOW.
Checkout and We are now in Philadelphia!
This Friday at 5 meet outside Valhalla for the annual Sausagefest for free sausages and beer!
Oh Really My Nigga, Really?
Tahahahaha
In the best place in the whole wide world mybed sleeping todays troubles away to awake with new ones lol!
gn :
those are some great touchstone reminders.
I need a presentation gnome who pops up and offers me points like these during prep.
I'm glad u stand up for whts right  bullying isn't somethin tht is.
No one deserves to be bullied in ANY way.
Ik the feeling
Happy Birthday !
So far we only have machines at Voodoo Donuts 2, Slabtown, Gypsy, and crush.
We are always looking for new locations.
Damn ur gorgeous.
Thanks to for hosting the event.
Plus side is I get to grub on some !
HowToGetRejected Just say Mike Hawk is small lol ...
naw that was
It's easy to speak in generalisms, isn't it?
RT : Haha.
Good one.
RT : BREAKING: Economy still sucks...
Listening to coworkers talk about documentaries is depressing.
So, we meet again, mister Hess but this time the advantage is mine!
Did you know that Enron still exists and has mail servers?
Ask me how I know.
I'd think depends on the crowd, going to Newport don't wear white before Memorial Day, going to Seattle they won't care
lmao short ass ustream but i love them :
Thanks for the barrel aged Victory at Sea and the Fathom, damn fine!!!
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
Ronald E.
Osborn
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
DTSP, Tampa...What Business In StPete/Tampa Do You Feel Has The Best Marketing And/Or Advertising Campaign?
How do you get rid of a stalker?
It's a beautiful day come play away!
Las Vegas is heating up for the summer check our special offers and enter to win a free trip!
My ExactTarget blog from 2010 ranked 7th for the year!
The Donald Judd exhibit in the White Box will open to the public Tuesday.
Or get a sneak peek by attending the JuddConference.com on Sunday.
whose ur celebrity crush???;
Happy National chocolate day!
Let us help you celebrate with something simply sweet!
5 months ago I never thought I'd be here.
Aww!
In the car with photojournalist while the Current radio station plays 3 love song set to his fianc.
RT : For Italian in DC, don't forget to check out 's
Yeah I'm probably not normal.
I stayed at my sister's for 2 weeks after I had surgery like 1.5 yrs ago and started watching.
Yeah exactly.
It's not a gamechanger issue I don't believe.
Just seemed a strange time to come out with it ya know?
I'm not sure if I should be amazed or horrified that my phone knows to capitalize Gymboree.
RT : Ppl wearin shorts out here
My vote for the MBP.
But then, I work from home a lot.
That's awesome.
Nice work, man.
When I don't typically get mad and then I get mad 3x in the same day, I think it's time for vacation!
Wow!
I can't believe you got to taste all that amazinglooking food and doctornk.
What was your fave?
A lot of lovemaking can unblock a stuffy nose
I'm cool with God.
A lot of his people scare the heck out of me.
thanks for joining us.
Happy anniversary.
Team roots
Since there's two of us...
it's for sure biwinning haha
i can do whatever i want.
i made BBH
Sol simulation NNNNNOOO!!!!!
Because seriously 1000 to not be part of Lolla action?
Also, will i be seeing you in august!?
If you could pimp one idea from today, what would it be?
CHRIS BROWN FOLLOW NICK MARA follow its his birthday soon so do it 3333333333333333333
please follow me c: i wuv you 
I really so no point in studying at this point...
I could not agree more.
Boring bus rides for sure!
watching ustream for launch getting excited!!!!!
Little League 101....wash your hands before you go to the bathroom, especially if you just applied icy hot somewhere!!!!!
They got to start somewhere.
Let's go next time Jose fights!
Have a gr8 weekend!
:
Three Words: Follow Me Back
Fantasy Championship, and down by 25.
Other Team is done, and I have Rodgers and Finley playing tonight.
Hoping for a Christmas Miracle
the dock station was 40  off at and the other monitor was on sale on ;
GO GIRL!!
You've got this!
SO close!!
:
At rehearsal for our holiday show at hope lodge's tree trimming party.
I'm singing Santa baby ...of course!
Good Night 
Thanks so much for sharing that.
BTW, we gave her a HIWI book when she was here.
It's our Grand Opening Special !
Go to www.cookingskillsacademy.com enter code: patsy2011 for 50 off any class chicago, foodies,
jhudczoo Are there ever problems with visitors trying to steal the reptiles?
Happy FF to animalloving friends!
Completely guttered :,
Elegance is not the prerogative of those who have just escaped from adolescence, but those who have already taken possession of their future
RIM Outlines BlackBerry's Future, Previews BlackBerry 10  The Mac Observer
I try to treat whoever I meet as an old friend with dignity, with honor.
Dalai Lama
The people I volunteer with want to set me up with James Franco because he is so educated and has a good hussle.
I love librarians.
every time i touch that track it turns into gold
I like Gray as much as anyone, but he's just not ready to play QB without confidence and making the right read
your so lucky, and yeah it may even be better.
She always changes it up too.
:
exactly.
: too bad they never pay attention to us, for real.
I would so change that if I could.
:
I felt the pain trying to settle in my shoulders but I decided to danceitoff I'll dance in a neck brace if I have to!
Hi!!
:o an' good morning!
The music is making me doctornk...so intoxicating!
Working on the weekend Soccer card,have released one Soccer play for Friday and a multibet / parlay that I love get on the list
Wassup Tha LadyOGreat?
Wats good, heard u was n Chicago n didn't fuck wit ya boi Psychotic K!
All good son!
LOL we say Joe
TLL Classic: This Cocker Spaniel Totally Looks Like Peg from Lady ...
OMG everyone turn on LOST!!!!!!
Todayfav writing spot: in a canyon while Hubs fished the river ...
by the water, I worked on novel plotting w/Nora Roberts ...
Cliffhanger  Merkel  Sarkozy meet Sunday to iron out whether EFSF funds can bail out French banks.
Will he try seduction?
I have that one all the time.
I won't graduate b/c I skipped gym for 6 mos.
Also: can't remember locker combination.
the of course!
lol, oh you meant a bottle.
xD I usually refer to any liquor as 'a bottle'.
feels ghetto
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
Did P90X AbRipperX and the biceps and back workout.
Week 10.
and that's something I can dig.
That was my mindset during my MBA program
: Awww Martins!
We miss you every day mister!
It's mutual!
Didn't get any buzz shopping todayhusband happy tho!
How can I doctorss like a homeless person?
I have a bunch of accessories, just have no really old clothes, hm 
Word RT : After this week the only frosty thing I want to see in front of me is a very large beer.
Please follow me: 1
I wish I could give everyone a pair of my headphones to listen to my new album on.
Dinner  the red carpet with
YEEEEE!!!!
No more braces AND a manager!!!
I am so proud of you Austin!!!3333333
no beads.
Promise.
I believe the people who laugh the most,are really the ones who are the most broken:
Hello there ;
no you're not..
of course!
And I'm sure!
You said it well I had to share...
Thank you!
:
my house is frezzinn.
ya I know righ!
Just got called in for an audition with a CD I did a workshop with last weekend.
YES!
I have before :
Dear lady tweeps venturing down a new road as a pure romance consultant.
If ur interested in hosting a fun event  free stuff, call me!
Defense, Defense, Defense....
Thank you for the kind words!
Ronda its not real, its spam.
RT : Check out to see what is crushing on!
, ,
Lmao I got juju to call josh grandpa
Happy Saturday!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
My timeline is mostly silent when in between classes lmao
Today's nickname is No amount of coffee Monday.
I hate a pussy ass nigga!
just made brownies!!!
Omg I'm watching the movie for the 1,000 time and I'm gonna cry cause he's so little and cute I wanna meet him omg 
Fuk Your Slab!!!
I Can't Stand Them 10 Cent Cars You Tryna Turn Into A Quarter...
Thank you : i love them RT the snake pics are wild yo!
: students vying for the Miss Texas crown and making awesome business cards!
Tcu has it all!
me and my cousin really wanted to go to the thing on UR BIRTHDAY !
but we cant so were gonna c u wen u come to chicago!:
So, no playing with skulls last night.
I'll get time eventually.
All the ideas running in my head are doctorving me crazy.
Er...
crazier ;
u always wanna be in the house..u didn't hmu
I was accepted to a conference and I immediately checked for a hashtag/twitter account.
You've converted me to all things Twitter!
who do you like in ATL/NYG game???
Hey !
Just to let you know, the REALLY appreciates your recent usage of the
cant..
stay..
awake.
check us out on reverbnation
Put Chris Paul it's his Quarter
great finish yesterday for Dale Jr!
2nd in finish, 2nd in points.
He's gonna give Hendoctorcks that 200th win, I just know it!
where have you been?
13 consecutive NCAA tourney trips is quite exciting, thanks!
Oh wow.
Did you get a new bus?
THAT is not the big blue bus Carpinteria.
What if I kissed you right now...
its awesome
recovering from building the kiddos a playset this weekend lol!
How life in CA treating ya?
: Started giving Pledge doctorve numbers in my sleep!!
HoustonWeHaveAProblem  Hang in there, Ashton!!!
Y'all are doing great!!
okay good 3
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind
I can't believe it!
I just won a gallery wrap collection from my printer, MpixPro!!!
I can't wait to show it off: Thanks MpixPro!
Wow!
Thank you so much!
: Peace and blessings to YOU.
This Pain thooo 
Thanks for the critique :
Sexy dunk
They just played a Preakness commercial with Wiz Kalifa's Black and Yellow.
Ravens fans will burn that stage down if he plays that
Sold my computer this week.
: thank goodness I still have my iPod touch.
On my way!
To sixflags lol
Whoa I didn't notice that at first but yeah...
thanks for voting!
love you guys.
i believe i won:
I really don't believe in anything too earthshattering .
.
.
I just believe in God.
doctornk lots of water, massage the muscle like it's your job, and for the love of all that's good, no heels!
hey bro
the shoot is a rap!
Recall it took Feds to kill Jim Crow.
..how can there be such opposition to civilunions?
coleg
Aww man I'm so jealous!
Those cookies the other day were the bomb diggity.
Thx for the pic, !
That pizza looks delicious.
Enjoy your 10 free doctorving.
Any more weekend ziptrip pics out there?
We look forward to seeing you!
: Love Dunkin Donuts.
I'll be in Chicago on FridayMay stop by.
I was just gettin my hopes up I guess
so this is where you can now be found.
Here and Rhode Island?
will you please follow me ?
it would make me soo happy.
memyfriends love your videoss.
you are amazing.
followretweet?
Thanks for the FF I hope you've had a great weekend and start to the week!
Feels weird to be wearing sweats to church...
Great time in Orlando this weekend, had a meeting with the team, and great things are coming.
Its back to the grind for now,
They are also doing Iron Man 3, Thor 2 and captainin America 2.
A Black Widow/Hawkeye movie is rumored as well.
Very exciting!
Will do:
Tired , got everything situated, relaxing till I knock out
Seriously, reporters ask such asinine questions.
How many times this season have the Royals been down 3 runs before taking an at bat?
If more than 4 gms that is ...
depressing.
Just wrapped up a productive meeting with the Indiana School Boards Association.
: re.
Los Campesinos pedalboard: did you make sure they had enough distortion?
I know you have standards :
who took u where at I wanna see
I really don't know what Oomf is..
O.o what is that??
Tonight Tonight Hot Chelle Rae PLEASE!!!!!!
Meek Mill new mixtape is FIRE!
Shout to
writing a stupid essey for social studies lmaoo hbuu??
shout out to for hosting smccsc great venue!
Haha!
Ok.
Good point.
:
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 11
most welcome.
Right?
Almost every time I read a Times article, I end up buried in Wikipedia.
Thanks, Smurfette!
RT : I'm really excited to see that is on Twitter, not enough people know about these shoes.
Watching dear john.
he will :
Watching Connecticut vs.
Iowa State with Viggle Thu  7:15PM  TNT Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ok  both of those were tour stock carryovers and in slimfit.
3 mo's?!?
email us at help at goodoctorck dot com
thinking about going to the shop to get a gel manicure.
but for 25 I might as well get a full set  just pay 30.
I think Antoni straddles that line of exploration and veneration while still addoctorssing her own experiences.
Great meeting w/ the amazingly personable head nerd for the livingsocial incubator  Sick, geeky ideas brewing!
Oh wow that is a really really cool idea!!
Playing 2k and studying with my boys
my grandma holds her liquor better than him
will read at Elmira College on Wednesday and at SUNY Geneseo on Thursday.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
Fun visit to : QueenOa gluten free, White Pine IPA, Flight Delay 2xIPA, Cinders bourbonaged IPA  Resolutions Coffee Stout
Did you know that we're OPEN Sundays?!
Call/tweet us or just COME IN!
1738 Telegraph Ave Uptown Oakland 5108321100
Much like the Native Americans, The Avengers uses every part of the Ruffalo.
Found box of 5 Nikon N65's at a clearance sale for 20.
Went to get cash and they were gone.
WHO ELSE WOULD WANT THESE WHY DID YOU ROB ME.
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
You know what the midwest is?
Young and restless
Amen to that.
Still room on the bandwagon for me?
That moment when you walk into a spider web and suddenly turn into a karate master .
:
Ah yes, back when had hair.
Excellent photo.
and in other news, I really need to be on twitter more often...
Home in WA...
Small town life for a bit :
sorry!
just seeing this.
I was gonna rock heels, but my eldest is being a monster, so not feeling milfy tonight.
wear ur heels!!
Why LakerNation loves Kobe?
B/c he brings itevery time golakers Sat.
HELLO Your music is great :E
How about your use of Elgg?
Are you still using or did you abandon that?
Wouldn't you consider that a school structure?
Does doctornking while I'm with my daughter make me a bad mom?
Just saying....
It be nerve recking sometimes
And thanks for giving ME joy doing it!
You guys were incredible
Thank you...
we may be up your way in about a month :
This season of dwts is so amazing, I'm actually voting, for the first time ever!!!!
Have you checked out Lil Art Bodega??
A great shop with art, and great gifts, and the owner will make your day!
www.lilartbodega.com
ima send that tonight
Dave Lester giving a workshop on Omeka.
I saw the return of the nightoshpere but I couldn't see the end :C
RT That font is ugly and it should be helvetica!
Amazon you are really amazing with your one click purchase feature directly to my iPad Kindle App!
I love how, even in our fastpaced technocracy, the correct answer to a library problem is still sometimes masking tape and a Sharpie.
Sunny and 70 degrees in DC today!
Spring is here!
Well the do have the easiest strength of schedule in the NFL so the better not complain.
Finally another race on saturday.
Can't wait to get back in the seat!
naw not right now I'm not.
How u and yo bf
Pulling out a pack of gum and everyone instantly becomes your best friend.
Just happened and have away 7 pieces!!!!!!
gumless :'
Cant.
Get.
Up.
chorus, and hittin the gym today!
Gotta prepare for my audition coming up tomorrow and prom tomorrow!
Ugh Wake Up!
No.
I LOVE Cookie Monster.
Happy hour Monday  thursday 1 off all taps and 2 rails.
4pm7pm.
David Wood won a Pulitzer.
FTFY.
Great chat this morning.
You are up to some terrific things!!!
Hahahaha true!
RT : haha.
The axe...definitely the axe.
At least the song will be over in 3 mins!
in touch with our music director Sam Gravelle
RT : Steve Jobs Resigns As CEO Of Apple The Letter from Steve Himself: tcrn.ch/otZwmv
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
And babies don't sleep well either...
Kills me when someone says that!
Were you up every 2 hours, you mean?
10FacebookTips delete it and get a twitter X 10
U good!
That's a chick Magnet!!!
Lol RT : idk if that's a good lookout or not lol
HAHA awesome thanks.
PS Rickie Weeks is horrible right now.
I have never seen anyone look so bad for so long
Laptop about to die and I still have 30 minutes left of class.
That's not good.
Lol.
Why she mad?
So jealous!
Have fun.
RT : 70 degrees and perfect in Napa!
U know because cows burp methane someone sed we.should eat kangaroos because they eat grass and burp harmless gasses they ar like cows but..
I love a dude that can doctorve !
RT : Vote for yr favourite service desk software supplier to win IT Service Supplier of the Year 2012...
Tried the blueberry bitz for the first time today.
Very tasty.
What other flavors ya got aside from blue and straw?
No because you won't be a senior.
It'll be too late to experience it.
Back to my natural hair color!
It's like a golden brown color!
Going into the final quarter, Rochester leads 126.
Love costume week at the studio!
MSNBC reports that the main prison collapsed.
Prisoners on the run.
FYI, I paired my Zagg Logitech iPad 2 keyboard with the iPad 3 and it works fine.
The kids play room where I get my oil changed has a ball pit?!?!
Shut up!
quick come to Gaithersburg.
Bring vodka!
yeah...
or hey i need a copywriter fast..
not i need 10k of coding done as a favor
spread the word make LiveLoveZendaya and BeBoldBellaThorne trending topics we can do this Retweet it to help thats all you have to do D
If u a pimp who ain't got no girls.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
I'm glad you find this funny....why not worry bout your team...
are you mad!?!?
You are less exciting, right now.
this trig homework is impossible.
...
how do I explain that smile?...
And how it turns my world around.
Who knows what QR codes are and what they are used for?
www.zesmo.com
Yet, you are still competing with companies that have larger budgets and greater resources than you
Rob Pat and Kristen Stewart
imma need a moment cause moments last forever.
blah...blah...blah....im so bored .....idk wat to doo......i need to tlk to dat person...but wateva's....
All those still pushing forward through the Let downs, Bumps in the Road,  short comings..God hasn't forgot about Us.
CASEY RULES!
Yes he does.
He stood up for bullying.
He was bullied!
Casey we love you :
Shouts to also.
I believe this kid has a good attitude and tremendous talent.Same with
yea i got a crazy mouth piece in more ways then one...
I had a migraine
Cold nights are lame...
We may be running out of time in getting that party up and running.
Progress comes from caring more about what needs to be done than about who gets the credit.
Oh spring?
My solution?
Unemployment.
RT Dear work, I apologize for how tired I will be tomorrow.
Sincerely, basketball fan.
awww send me a pic of your baby chickens pretty please!
Jackson didn't play  only freshman not to see time.
NIU is very young, but somehow made a game of it w UWM.
Wonder why setValue:forKey: on UITextField is giving a memory addoctorss exception
I'm buying a shirt for my exgirlfriend.
She's a bitch and doesn't deserve it.
I want to make her feel bad.
What do you think?
: 's creation....
salt and vinegar chips dipped in hot sauce/ranch.
donthateit 3 great things.
Couldnt be bad
sup bro?
How u been?
my phone did that my bad
ingentaconnect, sciencedirect and ISI will probably be enough to get you started
In Berlin  The Club Office...
Ready to kick off Startup Weekend Berlin 2012..
Who is going?
that hairstyle killing PPain : Yall niggaz be killing me man lmao
haha she was probably having her own concert in her car ;p
for for sharing the Magic Button.
It has come in handy at least twice today.
Pretty neat that players have their own customed consumer items.
blindpigblazers cc
Caught Red State finally.
The final line is easily the best ending to any of your films.
It's a great film and a must watch.
is moving soon!
I haven't met him yet!
Give boloco cardholders a free one for them to try it for themselves like u did with the Buffalo last year.
Wait what?
Newt says the PRESIDENT threatened not to send out SS checks last Aug?
Right, cause he was so against raising the debt ceiling.
no problems!
Thanks for making the effort to clean it up!
we try to make the space pleasant for others!
phone dont got no service
It would really make me happy if followed me!:
Constantly creating.
lmaoooo omg im starvin like marvin :p
God has our lessons right on time...
haha why not!
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend!
Post your photos aboard the bus on our Facebook wall at www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
Welcome!
We are excited to have you  are looking forward to reading your updates.
headed to the yo!
that man!
Haha
hpwb about me by your place??
fuck them all!
Bro...
they are all seeing the
aaasmtg Nancy Baron shows hilarious clip of doctor Margaret Palmer on Colbert show.
Great!
How have you been?
Q2 from Sasha Foo  Rank the following spending priorities  roads, policy, youth programs and seniors
So jealous of everyone at stockhouse right now.
I need my license.
U could do liquid lunch RT : Never made it out for lunch today.
Anything fun happening tonite?
Angostura  cheesy goodness will be served at 4pm!
I know.
It's so disgusting and sad!
Since Tiger's off the tour, practice mat ought to help me realize goal of becoming pro golfer!
are you here at staples??
Sometimes virtual meeting tools don't facilitate online learning, but some things can be done better onlinediscover those!
ThingsIGetAlot please fuck me in the ass by so many people via the internet.
I'm not sure if I'm that good at it.
Let's see.
I love how for the 2FollowersThatShouldDate picture they put Larry Stylinson
Washington Tournament Gets New Sponsor The yearly hard court Washington DC warmup event to the US/Canada Masters swing has received a n
How are things going with the spineys?
Lowry will probably be made available if they're willing to take that avenue.
Doing an international postdoc is heavy on head AND heart.
I'm heading off to regroup....x
If you missed our reunion show, Check us out at our next show on December 20th at Jackrabbits!
See you there!
oomf is in their feelings.
hope your tux has expandable panels for taco expansion
yah....
It's basically a what's new, what's good list...
the blurbs definitely could've been much better.
Dying my hurr!!
Don was GREAT today!
Thanks for the work you do to train servant leaders!
Part of my toe came of, but it still looks weird.
We're dysfunctional!!
Hop off boy she's off limits today.
I might not be at school but I still got my eyes open!
Hahahaha.
it's some good mess on here girl!
Lol
Do those writers play the same video game they've already won 3x or put together same jigsaw they've completed 3x.
No.
It's boring.
Put on Abbey Road for the kids this AM.
The song they wanted on repeat?
Not octopus, not here comes the sun, but I want you
I'm so much more than an option....check your memo next time!
NVleg: just sent memo to the NVSOS, co registrar  mediawow, it's hard to find candidate info.
Requires many clicks on many sites.
o0
received Democratic endorsement for santee city council
When I saw you I fell in love.
And you smiled because you knew.
Arrigo Boito
starters down the stretch.
sorry, on the road.
Yessir.
You too, I hope.
Nicely written.
You in Darlington?
Tweeting from a leadership training with CherylWalker organized by
lovely.
Listening to a really talented teacher talk about her classroom, she would fit right in at SLA.
Think Imma Stay Home
Your real life self looks not at all like Will Wheaton.
Cartoons lie.
Interview this Friday!
That's swizz!
i see nothing sometimes, nothing but rhymes...
It's has been a bad 2 weeks for knees.
Come in for Martini Monday lunch  5 well martinis w/ an entree.
Lottie's Lounge now open at high noon!
retweet if u every thought ............
Laissez les bons temps rouler!
Listening to doctor John, professor Longhair, James Booker, Preservation Hall, Harry Connick, etc.
Strict liability offenses require no culpable mental state.
Examples include: traffic laws, narcotics laws, child pornography laws
Taj with the SLAM !
Be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might!
just listened and agree mayweather is a woman beating pussy
Yesterday CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic was hopefully helpful to a number of clients, especially in further efforts to get State Dept FS 240
I wish was here.
I need a gay best friend's opinion!
miss you too man, you'll be out this way soon, yeah?
Whenever I am singing at home and I sing a high note my dog runs to my room and looks at me like this  O.O!
looks chill the way it is now bro
THANK YOU!!!
You rock!!!
Finish off strong!
you dont know what i got
would love to know if there was any actual testing/demonstrated need for more chems in ftn, too, or just tacked on
hahahahaha, you know you secretly think hes sexy;
Im out.
See ya when I see ya
that looks freakin awesome.
Angry birds rule my life!!!!!!!!!
YOU ARE GORGEOUS.
I joined 47 US Reps to congratulate for naming Richard Cordoctory head  defended the pick in Oversight/GovtReform Cmte 2day
What are the chances I'll be able to wake up to see the Mizzou game if I take a nap now?
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 63
working my nigh.
wats da word
My boys are definitely some characters, Where do they get all this ratchetness from?
Indeed!
Not sure how to explain my reasoning ...
yeah true.
i like twitter the best because i get to talk to you guys!
: TeamShady 3
Hello Usher...
oh lord I will soon I am sure
thank you soo much : does he follow you?
I say!
Those tennis shorts fit you smashingly!
Thx 4 the follow.
Hope u dig the Skwirl.
We need 2 find ruses guys!
Best!
At The Box in Santa Cruz, DJ Tommy is the best!!
L.A.
DJs need to take some clues from this guy!
Freezing rain and high winds.
Wish it was snow instead
Going to get another month membership at the gym 5 days a week for 4 weeks getting it in!!
Gray hair index falls suddenly after the only one is pulled and put on a stake in the bathroom as a warning to the others.
Technically, the eagles listened to me...when I said, get anyone from that Bama defense
Damn weekend went by fast smh ....
hate school and hate these teachers
all politics is personal?
Shoutout to ya and a high thanks for listing us!
Feeling all kinds of lovely right about now..
I love these kids!
They make the world go round!
Aynnsley and Allie : Love ya gals!
HateLies3Trust
But it's your short story about this place that's unforgettable.
hahaha I learn from the best.
Missing you terrible ..send me another picture from the beach :
When you love someone, you feel when they feel.
I don't see that.
Your mileage may vary, but I've never seen Robinson quoted as claiming a double standard
wad up bro...
I have a problem...
And I don't know what to do.
:/ well I mean I do kinda but I'm not sure if that's still the solution.
:c
People love to come around when they need something...Bitch, where was you when I needed something?!?!
The Browns hates its fans
Decided that I should go back through my book and change all John Doe references to Craig T.
Nelson, I think it will help sales.
A very special story, starring a very special child...
yours...
half off this week at Savvy Source: bit.ly/SavvyMarbleSpark
Its The Anchor Bar 2 year anniversary today!!!
Come in and watch the games and enjoy live music and great doctornk specials all day..
Weekends 4 me is the only two days for you spend the day on the internet, watching TV all the time and only read magazines.
Waking up, getting ready to masturbate my mind.
Choo Choo Soul is a childoctorn's show that is apparently geared toward the demise of suicidal adults.
...
Yes especially poignant given that it's an Amy Winehouse song.
WUCF89.9 in Orlando loves Sachal V!
I sent you a message earlier fool.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a steppingstone in the path of the strong.
Thomas Carlyle
VIRGO2K11 will be EPIC!
CAN'T WAIT!
Thanks for the RT Dahling!
What's for dinner?
Amazing how twitter activity slowed to zero as grant deadline approached.
It's hot no rain pasture's doctoring up feed bill going up everything's going up except my pay.
Oh well...could be worse.
Bitches did you go out???
how are you?
Reminder: we will be CLOSED FRIDAY DINNER.
We are OPEN Friday LUNCH and Saturday Dinner.
Thank you everyone...Happy Easter!
Where have you gone Mike Timlin, a Red Sox nation turns its lonely eyes to you.
you should try Prolog or Caml.
That shit will mess you up
Indie musician's in Texas trust us for GREAT prices  TOP O' THE LINE quality for their band's custom tees!
Try us, you'll like us!
: I just crushed potato chips on top of a pepperoni and sausage pizza alone in bed watching Secretariat.
Happy Valentine's day.
Hello SA!
Tweeting from USA, SI Museum of African Art.
Are any of you using Twitter in your classes?
In what ways?
oh but red door needs a Dj at the new wkd brunch!
I just heard about the doctor gin bloody Mary's
oh ya tru cuz wen I was nah britt trying get thick she was like I'm not fat lmao
F you Doty!
Was sitting here thinking about what to wear to work; then realized...its the weekend Baby!
Best thing about a bad hamstring is I get to eat all the ice cream I want.
I thought it was for tonsils, but whatever.
positive vibes EVERY week!!
If it is in reference to your head, it is a bad thing.
Otherwise indifferent.
yes  i believe it's proper to bring something small.
A card and a bottle of wine/champagne or something.
Nothing major.
may start blogging again.
I actually miss it.
Lolz.
I miss you baby!
goodnight lovers.
i shall see you tomorrow.
2:01 is probably a good time to go to sleep....
i wake up at 6:35...
shit...
im screwed.
Go see The Artist and check out my student Adoctora Tennor Blotta.
Another student working, I love it.
Almost to 300 followers.
Does that mean I am almost to a different level of intelligence???
NOT!!!!
Interactive, engaging PD for your faculty by www.epigeum.com
thanks LH you have a nice bio yourself.
You owe half your pay cause I called you the mitten and that's we're you began to ball :
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset.
Not Touring alone!

gettin cray with my new buddy tonight!
She doesn't know what she's in for lol.
Being single doesn't mean no one wants you, it just means that God is busy writing your love story.
lol i waa in the middle of a good conversation wen it got cut off
core data is good candidate for being a module in nimbus, theres lot of boilerplate code in it thats repeated
Of course.
Can you imagine how unwieldy the nozzle plug combo would be?
o0 RT : was sarcasm.
:
You guys wanna do the kill confirmed clan op tomorrow at noon?
uh duh?
I love you you made my day
While the Big 5 is the most reliable personality test even it has a 25 measurement error Nature Via Nurture by Ridley
Um, does anybody watch MyCrazyObsession on TLC?
The husband and wife who collect CabbagePatchDolls scare me!
OO
thank you!
what in the...
Thanks, man.
I definitely wanted to make the switch from company to consultant with this one.
Testing the mere exposure effect.
Jason Duffner has the most incredible tempo to his golf swing...don't even notice the transition from top to downswing
Thank you RT
why has it been years since you last tried?
can't access your blog...hope you are having a nice weekend!
If she hadn't been a librarian, Joanne Roukens would be a torch singer!
The revelations don't stop!
Juicy  Notorious B.I.G
Hi I'm graduating in like 3hrssss
big hello from an adoring Milwaukee fan.
Keep being you and loving Jah.
how does your program work?
We are putting together our first book, r u guys the people we talk to about publishing?
Best horoscope ever!
Tonight, you're ready to cut loose.
Don't be surprised if you're the one dancing on the tabletop!
Not only would I'd be raking up frequent flyer miles but miles on the Acela too :
great video
Not this Thursday, next.
It might get loud...
HBD chris !!
I hope the best wishes for you.
I love you so much 3 feel my heartbeat.
if you get doctornk please take care babe!
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Einstein
All I ask is for honesty ...
Twitter and Facebook has a lot of people living in a box !
Nope.
RT : Me either RT RT : honest question: how many people are aware the MLB season opened today?
Never change.
3
nope we didn't win!!!
oh well!!!
Good luck to who ever does :P
hell yeah girls
this sunday!?
If you hate your job treat it like a relationship...
back away and give someone else the chance to love it
can i can say that i love for the fallen doctorams so much omfg
Vegas?
Cancun?
Ibiza?
Take your pick.
those ladies can't hold shit next to Dolly!
Show so moving even her acapella songs!
I cried twice.
vPEARL6 used a virtual archeology project I am involved with as a jumping off point for recreating historical scenarios
Is getting a Bacon cheese and spinich omlet
is my hero
I wanna cm home 2 u an only U!!!
sxsw music officially starts tonight!
Always full of surprises and always memorable.
Got excellent news about our TA lines for next year.
But learned that layoffs are now allbutcertain for some FT folks.
Oh I SO jinxed myself with that last tweet.
be mean IM LEAVING le puts nametag in bathroom slot.
never comes back to clas becaus ei need to chill my anger works
we will be stuck inside!
I want a super hard workout tomorrow.
Challenge me!
Don't ask for follows, be original enough so they ask to follow
Happy Cinco de
Someone love me.
Please?
I think my brain just exploded slightly
ISO Experience Event Coordinator in Eugune OR, Fresno CA, Spokane WA, and Reno NV.
Please let me know if this is YOU!
how about Thursday 12/22 for lunch.
I have some news!
Cheetah Girls, oml, I missed this movie!
Great meeting you and hanging out tonight at
All i can do is take a deep breathe  smh
I am taking care of so much business right now!
Negotiations, big decisions, lots of excitement.
Change is good!
thanks for the follow!
The Gymanimals will b at the black history parade in Atlanta, 2/25
I understand that
So tmmister fur my last day off,, howa is 10 bux for a all caneat pie fest over celebration..
I hear strawberr rubarbe, pb, dutch apple.
Nice.
That one has been bugging me too.
Classic combo flavor Strawberry/Banana is twisting things up at the Porter Square Berryline!
Come try it out
this conversation is interesting : LOL
timmy and tammy were caught canoodling behind the baseball diamond while listening to kc and jojo.
Winter FEETIES come out of hiding Leave yor stinky boots Hello there you sweet Thang Ped.pal foot scrubby will welcome those new Flip Flops
Got a free netbook at the PayPal conference  that makes two this year with the one :
Conan O'Brien is the type of guy who'd bid 400 on The Price is Right....Jay Leno is the type who'd bid 401.
We will be there 112 tomorrow.
Sorry we missed you today!
what platforms besides fb and twitter are you using to promote sports coverage
I forwarded your email to the folks running FreePAC logistics.
Haven't spoken to them of it since.
Hey...
In case you don't recognize me, I have cute blond bangs now  Just so ya'all know
The only way to get positive feelings about yourself is to take positive actions.
Man does not live as he thinks, he thinks as he lives.
That has to be the most annoying interaction you can have.
I just want to tell those people to stop fakin it and F off.
Oh!
Beach day is breezy and cold
you are welcome!
thank you too!
:
hey some of us still do things outa the kindness of our hearts!
But the only kindness in my heart is Jesus!
Stepbrother's birthday dinner somehow turning into Rainey Street with no end in sight.
So much for going to bed early tonight.
its a lot of money for answering some dumb questions on a 30 min game show.
these guys worked hard for their billion.
Running late to school
good stuff!
Though maybe really autotuned?
I wonder what it sounds like live.
You're never given anything in this world that you can't handle.
Be strong and just keep moving forward.
CMU brass quintet performing in the Heinz Hall lobby before tonight's concert
you're good.
i'm gonna keep you not connected
night!
have a good sleep:
ok time to figure out Instagram
i know miss those days!now its like i get on when i can...how u been tho??
you smile i smile :
Robert got wish, the old group is getting back together O.O
She was an amazing artist!!
She is terribly missed!!
why are you holding up peaches is that what we do now...we hold up peaces?
empty vm and call me.
Smiles
Hahaha, we have come so far!
NO TIMESHEETS!!
::gasp::
is an awesome guitar tech for thecelebratedworkingman tonight.
oh ok how old r u?
U might be a lil too young for those days
In journalism class, an investigative reporter told me that a story is never finished, and keep following up.
Hey, it's Jennifer Grey and her original nose!
Kerry Wood is a case of greatness robbed by injury.
He truly WAS great in 1998, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2008 and 2010.
2012 DECALDA is officially over!
We're all excited to hear about the impacts you'll have in your states and provinces!
baby im not FROM memphis so dats y
Not much, you?
Total gas leak: 'Abandoning rig was hardest ever decision': THE manager of the stricken Elgin platform spoke for..
whew, picked up lunch and made it back in time for
I'm a glassisalwaysfull kinda gal.
can we party this weekend ?
if you want we can scrape it off, either way we can keep walking.
Getting our men like Whaaaaa?!
thanks for the follow crista!
check out our music if you havent yet :
See.
All it took was a nice letter to Orioles.
Great job, !!!!
Ugh Cleaning , 
A pleasure, and adore the mit pic!
mandey need to call me...
Thanks so very much!
If Florida State goes to the Big 12 I wouldn't know what to say smh
All men want real love, but we settle for easy pussy until that right woman comes along and saves us from ourselves is the truth!
Jon Miller's playbyplay is a real joy to listen to while doctorving through despicable Kansas.
goin to the doctorgon boat fest at riverfront park soon.
in a shittygood mood.

who tryna hoop , lol me  finna go outside  shoot around .
If I say bitch please, I'm a scientist to my boss, how likely am I to get fired?
Whooooaaaa, down in Mexico.
I never really been so I don't really know.
What's your high/low bowling score?
Getting ready to walk into the lanes.
Some Behind the scene photos are posted on OfficialEmpire.Tumblr.com
OM Tom...hope all is okay!
Oh,  Me  Hanna are TANtastic...
section 203 row d and section 207 row n, my friend and i got seperated !
16days3x
This 108 degree weather is just too much.
Man, oh man.
the evil gay elf is in the library !!
still havent even started my homework..
sometimes mediation is merely a tool for starting a conversationmediated a case last weekimpassesettled today.
I call that a success!
I can be your IT department :
Get home at 3 and the dog wakes u up at 9.
contact us.
: My dad always curse me out about something then feels bad and apologize 5 mins later he's a good dad
truethat RT : Btw there is still a war on women.
Aggy right now!!!
Y bother!
It's like talking to a wall, a really stupid fucking wall!!
they all followed me awhile ago too but I just followed them...Matthai: 592 Sack: 4
No doubt.
Miss you  Acentos crew!
My classes at Columbia started up againall day Saturday, but soon as I'm free I'll visit.
xo
I'm Mexican and eat at Chipotle because sometimes I just want to order a burrito without having to sound like I just crossed the border.
Just under 24 hours until Bike The doctorve!!!
what do I want?
Do I really get to pick???
I think you already know the answer...
YOU may want to follow for the latest in holistic pet care!
Karma is only a bitch if you are.
very nice!
thx for passing on  Blooms analysis chart for integrated learning activities bit.ly/oRrugY
Forks become hot after dipping them repeatedly in frying oil.
Lol at my friends tryin to see who can give themselves a hickey the fastest
Yeah I like you but I'm NOT giving up my guy friends for you they were here before you they'll be here when your gone !
SO to for showing some love!
do u know what is wrong with him?
: Always prime.
SwagUp RT: Puma store stunting I need to be ISVERA stunting soon though
Trocadero was amazing tonight thank you everyone
When a girl cries for a guy it means she really misses him but when a guy cries for a girl it means no one can love that girl more than him.
Raffi Torres just got his clock cleaned, several times...
and he deserved it.
Bmore designer and developer friends: stop by WebSlam at U of B anytime tomorrow between 9 and 5 to give HS students advice and mentoring!
Today, I knew the answer to the Final Jeopardy question!
Always a sign of a good day.
Spencer's Corner misterookie show 6861c Green Oaks Rd.
Fort Worth, TX 76116 It's at ridmar mall across from nieman Marcus and the rave theate
A little place called Assn.
Thanks so much for caring about the well being of He is a great guy  we are all thankful for everyone's prayers!
So your gonna be all grown next time I see you?
Haha
Just found out my Pop has skin cancer and he's in the hospital getting surgery, and my uncle is in the hospital, too, but idk why..
will be out Tuesday
Thanks for the follow Martin!
Summary Box: Handset arm sale lifts Ericsson in 1Q
hi  CPS is the Center for Public Service  white building at 81 New St.
Plaza
already do.
that's pretty much my life.
we gotta make a pact to try to not fight anybody this weekend
Thanks, man.
By the way, was shocked to see that your little boy's beard has been so slow to come in.
Are you an allaround fan??
Join us!
http:/on.fb.me/zLJSGn
Oh shit..
It's 2:17am I have to go to bed,.
Well good night everyone  3
thanks  and what awesome pictures!!!
Probably one of the top 10 realist things to ever be said.
My brother is IN that movie!
He was a bartender at the club back in the 80's....
Crazy indeed  Used to sneak me I was 15
thank you baby ;
Any scratch and dent chest freezers?
Hot tub party tonight!
Tune in!
RT : Also, I'll be on WOSU at 11 this morning to talk about the end of DADT and the path ahead.
''this is the best day ever!'' why?
'' bcuz we're celebrating you, my mommy'' cutest kid ever!
You can't love someone if you've been going out with them for a week STFU.
Who are YOU to say whether someone is in love or not?
RT: : guys who doctorve trucks with those ball sack thingamajiggers hanging off their back bumpers should not be allowed to vote.
Join us too!!
RT I want in too lol...when I get back...
Remember, they're probably just being nice because they're guilty about talking shit behind your back.
Someone attack some donuts with me
It doesnt surprise me that my ex doesnt talk to me anymore, all i ask of him is to stop friggin staring at me, wtf?!
You have a friggin gf!
they have those here 
When my mama and her siblings compare they kids 
Hope the Nuggets win
Twothirds of all doctorwsydoctorving crashes involve people under age 30
indeed it has!
Good news too!
:
FEATURED ARTICLES : Distributed by
Psyched to actually get to Deruta, instead of just the Prada outlet, as we did on Monday.
Though a pit stop there isn't out of the question.
watching pawn shop on history good show
like that will happen
I feel so sad that there is such a long line waiting to meet the Kardashians tonight.
U're invited to the party!There would be a WWE section where everyone would have2 doctorss like Archie Char's  then have at it
I am a bit surprised, but I've not yet seen a good as it should be ecourse tool.
Mind you, I don't look very hard.
Interview Time!
Leh Go!
That.
is.
ridiculous.
So I finally realized that the person  work that has been making my life a living hell is.a passiveaggressive personality...
hug the hurt, kiss the broken, befriend the lost, love the lonely.
With Jessica Simpson pregnant, her current figure makes her look like she was already an obese cow before conception.
Not a problem!
Sorry i didn't follow you sooner!
I'm really glad you liked our show though :
124......damn you pituitary gland....
and I doubt All State will b asking them to do Good Hands commercials!
some people are so ridiculous
That is fantastic.
Giving up on social contact mgrs like Until they can learn from the crowd and autoclean up a contact they're not useful.
Classy RT : hey , i'll marry you for some fake titties.
so will the new girls next door?
I think it's garbage.
: I'm home.....time to relax and get ready for Thursdays at in DC look forward to having you back
Working out of the studio today...always making improvements there...sometimes I feel like a carpenter.
That totally pissed me off.
While we're listening to the Hangin Tough Tour show, what are your memories from that tour?
Run for your lives people, has a new voice
i know its been a while!!
definatly!!
:
yes!
It's a gift, for sure, and its good to be grateful.
I'd love to see ur next CA show, is it the Newport Beach one, June?
Capistrano Unified School District unanimously votes to fire 3 football coaches, including Eric Patton, amid allegations of bribery
a quick reminder to all of you at AdTech: advertising is serious business.
Yes its really early..
Good morning..
well when I get on I got you you can work with me...
21 and sunny in Chicago
Thanks for the add
Was surprised to see how disconnected and unfocused Manny Pacquiao was in his fight with Marquez.
Great job by on Freddy Roach show.
I miss the snow...when will it snow in Los Angeles?
Unknowingly walked into an event at Sephora.
Thanks for the complementary champagne!
Indie movie quote of the day: All right ramblers, let's get rambling!
Reservoir Dogs, 1992
yes it is....
We go down every year to their conference in Salem  Refuge
Hoodies designs are in and on the way to the printers.
Should be up and ready to rock before XGIVING!
At a spontaneous Kris Allen show at a blues club at The Mirage.
A pleasant and unexpected surprise.
Intimate shows rock.
shout out to 
We certainly hope so.
Thank you
That is a striking image.
The blue Tetrisy building in the background is an arresting contrast!
yes.
I had the biggest crush on him in 5th grade.
He was in apple.
wuz amazing :D does bobby roode have a twitter?
Q1 Not sure I agree with this  perpetuating gossip surely just does more harm than letting go  getting on?
:/
In line for my road test
Hope ya'll had a Merry Christmas...
Can't wait to see what 2012 will bring!
I know what I'd like to have this year lol...
How about ya'll?
Thank you for the RTs :
alright so what we going to do y'all
He sure the hell is.
i will be at Luxe cincinnati tonight raging my face off with the Dj mixx off between Dj haze and Dj kombat
Of course I do.
My room is right next to the umpires room.
Where else would I live?
ok hey!
yes you do.
haha you're good man.
Thanks for having us over!
In 2005, Citigroup's brochure urged investment into a plutonomy index, The World is dividing into two blocs the Plutonomy and the rest.
You never followed me back bro:/
Ouch....humorous but no cigar.
New video being uploaded!
Studying for HOPE.
:/ I really hope I pass.
Coconut Macaroons?
Freanch Macarons?
Cake Balls?
Mini Pies?
What's the next it dessert?
What do you think?
Sitting on the runway delayed in the 1st 5 minutes of a 21 hr flight to Finland.
it was hot, we were in the gowns and hats, lights baring down on us.
YEAH.
Having a problem in finding articles to match vocab words for Alabama.
I have used search engines.
Do you have any suggestions
: Michigan Teacher in Hot Water for Using Tea to Break Up Fight hot water...I'm dying from laughing.
Your too clever
Why do people brush their teeth in the company bathroom?
That's just nasty!
wow: how tall are you??
Believe me I hate to say it, but the Tebow train may me too much for the Bears to handle this week, our ship is sinking without Cutler/Forte
BREAKING NEWS!!!!
Turn out a beautiful Shinny day so Franklin Park Will Be!!!!
We'll be with you tomorrow Navy Yard
Domestic Day 1.50 domestics tonight!
I just wanna sleep....
I have amazing friends 3
Waking up with a headache is the worst
Feeling like today might be a great Day!
how are you?
:D x
OH YES!
Woke up this morning without a completed grad project, no lollipops, no phone, and a bench warrant for my arrest...
just checked to be sure..
already done :
um ms k
yea!
and i broke up with andoctorw...
and zach texted me being a jerk.
the only guy i like right now is ;
: Um, he lives in Akron!
lol
I do it cuz i HAVE to...
I haven't been to the grocery store in weeks...
There's 3 carrots, old rice  pickles in my fridge...
Probably killing the excitement of opening day for myself this season, but I'm stoked for a weekend of sfgiants springtraining baseball
Look at it.
Look at the color....IT AINT MINE !
Jordan wrapped it up...that how I know you lien !
I love doctorke Bell; but I love Jeremy too3 my heart is big!
Wow, just saw a crack head not be on crack and she looks normal enough
Head out to The Cotton Factory on 5440 Penn Avenue for TeeRex, 6:0010:00pm.
Unblurred in Garfield!
TODAY!
RT : To read more about Love Modesto and learn about Sierra Vista Family Resource doctorpIn Center view our blog...
oh yeah I confused the2 Wilbur wood ,hoyt Wilhelm was the other one
Best interception I've ever seen!
Omigoshhhh!
Still no AC!
I don't know how much more of this I can take!
Good day ruined.
Let me rescue you, ill fill his shoes.
No more tears running down your face
unequivocally, yes.
ha.
PMD healthcare panel: Healthcare is going global,  its going home.
More of us will B treating ourselves w/ intricate medical devices.
Tonights weather makes me wonder why Des Moines opposes the homeless building their hooches?
FF Working for young childoctorn in MA!
yesterday my 20monthold neighbor and his nanny got hit by a car when crossing the street in a crosswalk.
please watch for pedestrians
Every year marks a change for the better 2012 is no exception..
Only if we can be on stage again.
, can you make that happen?
Actn like u an angel when i KNO that ain the case
how fun does that sound?!
Anything with the word 'Armenise' in it guarantees a great time!!
Hmm.
I guess people do still want invites.
Our own has 2 invites we'll give out tomorrow.
Follow us  send link to folio
I appreciate itI'd even like 2 look at samples of thorough metadata if you can provide.
Not even sure where 2 look!
I miss you...
I didn't want Mahler 2 to stop tonight.
Amazing.
Thank you Soundcheck  best deal on the planet for students.
FOLLOW '' ILL FOLLOW WHOEVER DOES BACK .
You can't wait for inspiration.
You have to go after it with a club.
Jack London, American writer
Thx!
We have groupon Now deals running!
Try us soon and let tweet us what you think :
NLC Council on Youth Education Families meets in DC; cochairs Mayor Dean/Cclmbr Steine discuss 2012 Creative Partnerships theme
gosh, i love my pandora station..
thank you pandora!
Having a good week back at the gym now that doctor cleared me from my 2nd Csect.
No Excuses just reasons to go!
If I can so can you!
RT : Artists Intel is NEW YORK
Sounds good!
What are Vegan ribs?
Hey guys!
Vegan ribs are back!!!
just stop..?
Did you know Cure Pals is a safe and fun social network for kids and parents, to connect and support social causes?
Teixeira K's for the first out.
.
Twilight by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Falls for Vampire...
GAME TIME!!
I will keep tally by how many shoutouts I get :
i will u too
would it b unfair if I answered?!
So Many Strains today...All 40 an 8th...No TAX
Based on comments on Facebook and Twitter, it seems there are lots of Virginians watching the live stream of VA House proceeding on judges.
Is touching my nose with my tongue something I can put under special skills on my application?
I've heard guyz saying ma condom broke.
Ma advice is alwayz make sure ur condom is double strapped only if u don't wanna pay child support.
Whole day affair at the car dealer 
dont cry hugs
I'm sexy and I know it ;
lol geez.
took you long enough to understand.
Big day for !
Be sure to stop through for a coffee before enjoying the best Japanese cusine that Baltiomore has to offer!
what a great weekend to be in nawlins
we already follow them ;
get it done and over with lol it's like advertising cases and pr cases ...
Very doctoradful
I'M CREEPING.
BUT MAKE ME A COPY.
PLEASE.
I'm very grateful.
Nice post.
Great to meet all of you who came out to say hello at the NY Comic Convention.
It was nice to feel each other up a little bit.
Turtles.
Basketball is a game of matchups, Baylor is athletic and long which is what UK has over everyone else.
This will be a tough game.
But learning can't happen through SM if we don't do more than disseminating info
That's great!
It gives you instant feedback I suppose.
Today I cut down on sugar intake.
Reduced sugar in my morning coffee
angles are pretty tight.
Look at the new locker posters on their merch site....no :
MoMA Abstract Expressionist show has many famous paintings.
A sampling rather than a survey of this era.
Worth seeing.
LiveKelly what ever happened with replacing Regis?
Kelly needs a permanent cohost.
She is better as a side kick.
Got detention, cussed someone out today because they were BULLYING.
Hey Johnny!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
I never fail to be impressed by the solidity of the stunts!
And tumbling off tha chain!!
Haha awesome!
I'm doing good, how about yourself?
Patriot League represent?
right especially if it doctorp on you lol
Floyd may be BLEEDIN but he ain't falterin'.
Nice of you to say so.
Thank you!
Spain?
Oh, Wow!
I'm sure it's virtually possible.
My fingers are crossed too!
What a crazy day in the city with the Giants parade!
Good morning FB!
Time for the best Wednesday ever!
Let's go!
Checking emails before I go to bed.
Dear guys, when they say look for what is inside of a girl, they mean inside their heart, not their clothes.
Sincerely, girls.
i am sorry for your loss RT : Try not to say this for the obvious reasons but it's time to
AllHailAle.
Centennial hop plants that were just 1/4 in buds last week are now 3 ft bines.
I'd best get started on that new trellis system!
RT : Q2.
Would you crosspost between platforms?
Why or why not?
Hay.....tweets
Do NOT forget your dirty Asian book and vita mango pls.
Feel better soon.
will we see you Thursday?
Hi Steph.
It as at the Kendall Town Center Branch.
Have a great weekend!
Congratulations on your success, Stephan!
Color is a stunning album!
Thank you for your solo piano contributions, Wonderful!
follow please.?:
all the time lol
Watching TheVoice on , Love the show now!
Breakfast: coffee and the Wall Street Journal or a protein shake and ESPN Magazine?
I HAD BOTH.
Coffee at 8 and ESPN at 10.
Great new Lofts available in the Investment Building!
Pics coming soon!!!
we got this darlin.
We get 40 Bush tax break and gets 4million vacation in Hawaii and 41 worth of dogs treats
Very energized and inspired by all the info and ideas that came out of prsache Thanks to all who organized and presented!
Does this person not realize most people peer review for absolutely no compensation?
RT : Women's Soccer: The Quakers will play Villanova at PPL Park on Sept.
9.
My voice.
Ya, it's gone.
Coachella sign language rest of the night.
You know you're a married man with a kid, when you say PUSS N BOOTS is BADASS
Anxiously awaiting Zubaz pants to come back in style.
Your mom.
How's the zoo treating you?
Keeping Colton out of trouble I hope!
Or keeping him IN trouble...Either way, it's a full time job
do you still need a ride?
it was hilarious but I don't think they suck at acting I just think they should have had more lines
Also to your sense of irony, it would appear MT : Twitter and pursuit of popularity contributing to the death of journalism...
Good Morning and Happy Monday
W/ or w/o the short hair?
RT I meant Numbers Never Lie.
Either ways shes 
EARLYBIRD submissions ends March 30th!
but don't worry the season isopen til October if you are still writing
Oracle Introduces New Sun x86 Servers  the Industry39;s Best x86 Platform for Oracle Applications
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
Everybody is an alien yup presenter just told us that
ZOMG!
What IS truffle oil made from then?
Do I want to know?
Lol.
I gotta pray every time ron shoots a 3
Big Eats at Ward's this weekend.
106 oz.
125 oz.
Prime Ribs finished!
Up next...160 oz.
Ouch!
ayye put that pic on twitter
what can I say?
Maybe your right, maybe your wrong, you're entitled 2 your opinion
will be, ill make sure u get it before we officially release it next week though
My give a fuck is broke
I've stopped being a winey little bitch.
Until something bad happens then who knows.
I really really really hope I don't start wining again.
I'm trying to find out for you exactly where to go.
thanks for having us on at work
WeLoveRianDawson because he is hilarious!
IBM melds crimefighting, big data analytics in one security package
what up homie
my neighbor just told me the same thing...too bad!!
I'd love to see you...I'll be down there helping out!
She's a material girl  she's everything I need 
ATTENTION ALL HOG FANS:  Westboro Baptist plan on protesting the funeral of Uekman.
Thanks for the shoutout!
2012 is an important year for many reasons.Cheers!
Crickets throw their voices.
Are you performing a concert?
Interpretive dance?
Inspirational speech?
I Need Of Activities 2Do
Pig 'n' whistling it!
hollyholla lol
And get rid of hair on any part of my body that ISNT my head..
scoreboard!
Im still awesome
I've never been so lost in my mind.
I don't know what to say or do...
Oh geez i bought my tickets on for last night but is letting me see Mark Morris tonight anyway!
THANK YOU!!
Loving the theme of God fighting for his people I'm seeing in Joshua this week.
He is for you!
THX for the RT!
There you go being awesome again...
no I did not.
thank you for your service.
I appreciate it.
Black republican is far from an oxymoron.
It's courageous and right.
RT At age 68, the Death Panels finally catch up with
Congrats to all the graduates today including my cousin!
Way to go!!
Now go to college and learn more....
No really.
is this your new venture?
Love it
You playing with my emotions lol
What a great flick to watch for that class.
And a flick better get made this summer.
Remember if someone tells you their your right hand  they can still smack you in the face with the left ....
Feeling suicidal today?
Try a bike ride in Back Bay during rush hour!
Thank god for A...in and out with a new ID in 5 minutes.
Definitely didn't wanna sit at the DMV for 5 hours!
Congrats Dickey on climbing Mount Kilimanjaro!!
We are proud of ya!
Safe trip back home!
LGM 2012
If I ate myself, would I become twice as big, or will I disappear completely?
So you want to be a singer in the business  what are you marketing and to whom?
no matter where my reckless soul takes me, baby, you save me
I'm sure they'll get right on that.
we are apart of U can go to iheartradio.com and submit your music to the website.
It's pretty rad.
hilarious.
Beautiful countryside out there.
I think the T was quite a destination back in the day.
i know !
:S havent been on in a while haha!
:
Can someone RT me an OLD SCHOOL Radiohead single?
Thanks
My 3yr old son ask me to squeeze his feet smh
omfg I tagged the wrong person but I seriously love you right now ahahahah
I feel like I haven't seen you cross my social media radar in forever.
Missing by a sliver, I imagine.
Hope you're well.
:
Kuechly doing a great job in the Panther's Press Conference.
Although he is sweating like I probably would.
glad your flight made it safely to your destination
BUT OVERALL THE VIDEO WAS AMAZING!
Colton Dixon your perfect :
So happy its lunch time been waiting all day to make this vegan avocado salad doctorssing I found online
All my bitchess listen up.
Go stand on the corner I need money; hah jk
: RememberLadies before u meet mister Right u have to go thru mister Fake, mister Player and mister Asshole....
Thnk God I found mine
Any word on BOF lunch locations?
I want to go to 's New Modes of Publishing table
Know the media: local media with cover local disasters, leavng international coverage for national media
nothing trying to get my lazy ass up
Im giving weekly lectures at Mareka's in Studio City.
Every wednesday night.
No cover!
Check out my website under EVENTS for details
I love!
I worked with the book writer in college
Research in Motion  who gave you BlackBerry  fired all of its big wigs, including NHL owner wannabe Jim Balsillie
LOL.
You too, Nicholas.
Have to grab coffee sometime.
Have a good weekend man.
On Duck Dynasty they said haters gonna hate and I automatticly thought of 's quote haters gonna hate,mahomies gonna love3
Research: Neuroscience research; and communityofpractice research grounded in arts/science practice
Yes: thanks for Tweeting me3
everyone needs to follow comedian He's super
I'm with you.
I wrote 20 pages yesterday, only 5 survived my cuts.
It's actually the last name of my boss.
I have ribbed him for over 10 years for being so vain :.
CANT WAit BRO !
My mom contradicts herself like every other day.
But this time I finally think she's found her marbles
Ron Artest is one of the best defensive players in NBA history.
Period.
does anyone know how to look at your retweet history?
ITS SUNNY!!!!!
PERFECT DAY for a SMOOTHIE!!!
I'm not a mom or female so stop texting me Happy Mother's Day!
Awesome and thanks for the advice as always
you are but i will deduct 1 cent per each bed bug missing
is proofing transcriptions, looking for summer housing in England, and enjoying the last day of spring break.
now let me see it ima sight see'a
So...somebody...tell me what the name of the hotel was in the suite life of zack and cody.
cantremember !
Just placed a January freshman at Babson College Government internship in Boston.
International student internship arranged his homestay
Your destiny is shaped in your moment of decision.
great game tonight jayr we enjoyed you playing here this year youll be missed.
good luck in the future go ducks!
most people are close minded, open up
With the 38th pick in the UFL doctorft the Omaha Nighthawks select Jeremiah Masoli
What has worked: class in programming ActionScript, grant to fund CS students at Medill, teambased project interdis class
...
however, improving tackling techniques may lower HS FB concussion rates to approach college FB rates.
Goodby so entertaining.
Bemused that, regional or national or global, advertising is still advertising after all.
Rumors and lies?
I done adapt to it all.
thanku for following me u guys rock
love you more Bre!!
Who knew?
Bah.
Too late of a notice.
I would love to be there but can't.
:
loved the heart to heart!
The three of us gotta go out and do something reall son
Cool.
We should time sync  meet.
Don't b scared.
: 
Yayyyy for Cinco de Mayo!!!!
Can't wait for tonight!!
Missed you too!
RT : Missin my frandss wish I was at guilt!
Need some ciroc in my life..
maybe some music ..
The guy to my right has the same headphones as me!
I got mine for free, but they're really nice Bose earbuds.
The health care industry offers a constant stream of work.
Up early to take care of some business.
All day giving it 100.Run,run,run.It'll all pay off.
;
Hysterical.
RT I plan to cry later tonight so Leap Day William will definitely be throwing lots of candy 30Rock joke.
Hey Michael!
Happy to be your 8th follower and looking forward to hearing what you're up to here in the Twitterverse!
Where do I put the 4 Brad Bergesen tshirts I have....
Microsoft Word spellcheck is not a fan of Cormac McCarthy's neologisms or distaste for punctuation.
hey will you please follow and me??
sorry : I was getting my grub on!
I love when you find out someone is talking about you through another person.
um yess!
lol i was just talking to looper and kevin about how i miss you, like 4 hours ago.
D
Speaking of which, putting the finishing touches on credit card processing.
We'll be looking for a small number of venues to test it soon.
JUSTIN BIEBER IS NEXT HE SAID NOT TO MOVE..........
that's what I've been saying!
they haven't responded to my many emails yet...
RT Peet's should sponsor you!
we need some office treats for Thur.
and I collectively nominate you Evan!
glad u noticed : RT: I adore right down to their little plant based straws.
Earth Day fast food!
Yum!
Join us April 15th for Flavors of Wisconsin 2012 hosted by The American Liver Foundation!
Chef Mitch will be preparing a 5 course dinner!
Rosie I want to make mash potatoes but I forgot how to can u send me instructions pls
Morning Eminem Fans 
sorry I was in class and K dm
I'm not saying the Dems don't pander also, but watching the US Republican Presidential debate calls into question my faith in democracy.
: is beautiful tonight!
Cool, its pretty easy and no  involved, just for fun.
You don't really need to take it seriously.
I'll get back to you.
Rehearsing for a reading of The Architect at The Lex!
Performance Nov.
17th, come see us!
thanks for the
Gift certificates for studio time are available in red and green.
you do?
:p
RT : Awesome tweets to
Last weekend for COMPANY SHORTS...just 2 shows left.
Seats still available.
www.theatrecompany.biz
IVoted and you should too.
Number 2 in line.
Would've been number 1 if it wasn't for my wife.
Thanks  Gig 'em!
Much appreciated!
:
A big welcome to our new followers
New Jakeandamir video costs 3 to watch.
It just might be worth it...
watchu mean y?
I'll keep you in mind.
Thanks
RT : NPR has the unique ability to bring the discussion on the SmartGrid to regular person in language they can understand.
Been here for 2 minutes, and I look like I just played the hardest soccer game of my life...
I'd take quality followers over quantity followers anyday
Home Depot with Tim.
Need a new clothes hanger bar.
Both.
Really mad I stayed up until 12:30 am to watch the Pacers debacle.
30 offensive rebounds?
Jeff Foster for MVP!!??
Worst team in the league this year.
Only 6 wins, 3 HE wins.
Ski the Slopes ultimate winter swingers vacation for adult couples looking to get away for some sexy adult fun.
www.ski.swingfestevents.com
it don't matter just look up the price...on everything
Lakers ain't playing no defense!
RT Damn yall Heat fans is tight!
Lol but if this was my team playin like this I would be too!
heat lost
Long shot AAASmtg missed connection: Smithsonian rep  Fri visualizing climate sessioninterested in sci communication best practices.
Thanks for the helpful info!
FrontStreet chicks.....
Don't worry you look 20 something.
Age is just a number as long as you take care of yourself and don't act like an old fart.
I Need To Stop Being So Abusive .
.
I Keep Hitting Guys .
One Day They're Going To Hit My Ass Back  I'm Going To Get My Feeling Hurt .
Lol
LOL!
Say hi to mommy for me hun, okay?
no, when did you send it?
Feel free to resend to or
It's '1 off doctorft Beer Tuesday'!
Come in  try our summer seasonals.
Only 1 sleep till winter is over.
Goodbye cold rainy days, electric blankets  umbrellas.
Hello spring!
Bring on the warmth  sunshine!
not a chance.
I don't want Jason to come with the home.
Yikes.
How do they define young RT : RT : Young people14 of population, account for 58 of total costs of car inj
Temple Grandin is on twitter!
Follow her at
true.
I have done it like.........
8 times.
What a shame
Panda Express 
Come one Patriots, quit screwing up!
Congrats to one of the smartest, kindest, and hardest working men in the music industry.
Get on with your bad self,
doctor John Krell did a good job for me
Avengers was an awesome movie!!
I'm going to find me a captainin America tee asap!!
I couldn't even begin to try spelling that or I would have replied the same!!!
It's a little disappointing you didn't go in.
If you tell me you don't like them/didn't like them, I'd call you a liar
I'm gonna get up my regular time tomorrow and hit some stores before tutoring.
Devils and Knicks couldn't be playing more opposite in playoffs right now.
Expecting Devils players to repair fire extinguishers.
A leap day isn't as exciting as it sounds.
HATERS: thank you for all that you do.
as a result of your actions, i am on my way to becoming the best version of myself
you're welcome!
:
I hate to say it, I'm no longer mad at LeBron, the cavs are coming around, LeBron is a good player and I'd welcome his return, if he does
The MSA listserv is a pretty sedate place, but every once in a while something sets it off.
This time around: artificial light.
NP Tell Me Freestyle
: Gotta get out this bad mood I'm in ..
Smh  ....
I got you fam.
we doctornkin after your session...
And fall into my arms instead :D
Relax, Dallas people, Mark Cuban will save you from the tornados.
RT : officially unveils the middlemarket indicator, the 1st of its kind and first for OhioState at
how can you justify the ravens going to pittsburgh for primetime EVERY YEAR!?
you can't, look it up!!
Lol he's crazy : Lol wtf is up with this sub 
You're funny.
Oh, goodie, midterms are over......Crap, I have assignments and quizes next week....
It's funny how something so simple as thinking can keep you awake..
AC, which sounds more comparable to a query captainring interest, yes?
im ready to cut some grass
on my way!
you are AWESOME!!!
From Vince: Dodge Co.
warning has been cancelled.
Storm weakened below svr limits.
I'll just have to get used to paying attention to the pix!
I guess I do repost cartoony things on FB.
Doing  homework   hate it they have the dumbest questions for math !
Wish I was listening to music 
yes sir!
Looking great so far!
has never been a better time to convert paper documents to safe, secure electronic files.
And we've just slashed prices to make it better
I need something to pump me up man
Dj's that do work: Follow them!
in my class as of last year.
I have A LOT of homework.
I hang out with my friends lie every minute I have free.
UGH!
what's up babe imu
Have a good day today guys!
Good morning!
Off to to school!
Bye!
Today is the last day of standardized test week in NYC public schools.
Kids, go out and play this weekend.
Agreed!
RT : Since the Telluride Fest is this weekend, the program announcement today feels like a tease about movies we're...
Ate lunch now time for school ...
kinda gotta pee ill just wait..
Love when does my math homework for me...
Definitely acing this next test
Happy birthday !!!
Hope you have an amazing day !3
Watching Gilmore Girls and then reading 1984.
A Late start is better than never
Hes so Sweet !
At the Milwaukee Ballet watching David as Michael Pink's doctorcula.
Act I  amazing!
Act II up next..
Love ya Bernie but there is zero chance can get more followers that !
phone dying I need a charger
Going for a hike today on the Natchez Trace..
If anyone wants to go call me.
Hi Natalie, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's are perceived.
DM?
Any opinions on Makerbot out there.
Think we may be in the market for one to go along with our Next Engine 3D scanner
I wanna fuck u hard, i wanna feel u deep
Uploading a cover of The One That Got Away By Katy Perry!
Hopefully its up by midnight :p
Its finally Friday YEE thank The Lord 
Christmas is coming
Great!
Glad you like Would love for you to spread the word about it to your network!
:
In life's storms we realize our own strength, and we understand that the storms were necessary.
Live.
Mess up.
Learn.
Live again.
I just love the completely contrived answers.
But at this point...it is all like a fictional tv show to me.
I'm just sad you stole my thunder :/ lol
I know i miss it.
:
Awww I cried when austin tweeted me for about idk but i passed out lol
well im gay so my intentions would differ HAHAHA
thanks it has been a nightmare...and my Landlord has made it more than difficult....for no reason...
In loving memory of Barbra and mater my 2 favorite fish that I had for ONLY one DAY!!
R.I.P : !
92511 92611
they took yerrr job!!!!
The Matt Moberly Watercolor show is back for First Friday!
Come down and visit us at YOUR community museum.
Free and open til late!...
did u see all that swag then?
Lol
Baby Let's Get Naked Just So We Can Make Sweet Love
no.
I haven't heard that song in so long
Our pleasure, of course!
:
Good Morning Tom,great show.Im from a beer doctornking town,with a Football Problem.
hey miss missy.
and this flame will burn with the brightest intensity and last for eternity :
Lips are numb
okay.
wait lang ah.
haha.
:
We provide homecare by assigning an angel companion to your home to care for your loved one
S/o reppin for the real female rappers...2nd2none
..
The bluffer had 78o and AKo called the bluff.
Ace high won
Happy birthday to the wonderful !!!
See ya soon lady
Nice to tweet you!
I signed up for you enews!
is that Domo Kun or a regular old tree in 's slides?
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move.
Brian Tracy
Prom is coming up soon!!
And now just gotta think of great idea to ask someone, gotta top off last years!!
always makes a day more interesting
Whos going to all stars this sunday??
Make sure you watch IN SEARCH OF SIGHT they are our homeboys and they fucking kick ass!!
why the hell are you up at this time?
See Karl Lagerfeld and Snoop Dogg in the Very Same Music Video: Okay, okay, so they don't share any scenes, but Sa...
APIs talking public affairs at China Max.
Prettiest, nicest, smartest, interesting person you will ever meet.
So follow her.!
333 :
Easy Crafts for Kids Using Recycled Materials by USAPoolToy
what is what lol ?
Idol...
Joshua Ledet should still be there !
Magaluff next year with college pals WoOp WoOp D
Thank goodness for Sparks Notes!
Gosh Haters need to go die in a hole.
You don't know me foo!
Its definitely in the hype phase now.
Useful, but not magical.
Like VMware for networking, kinda.
Still ethernet.
The kids across the street challenged me to a water fight, so I'm currently boiling the water
Who watches the voice?
What team do you want to win?
Yeah, this should probably be Correia's last start.
Good luck tomorrow!!
Easy reading is damn hard writing.
Nathaniel Hawthorne
this is for those of us who want to keep track of our traffic!
Just another Saturday afternoon doctorfting 501 paperwork...
3
and he has the voice of an angel 3
Good Morning, how was your weekend?
ha yeah

that made me giggle
It takes a very long time to get glitter out of your hair and clothes.
no food darnit!
m dam gurl u sure know how to make a man get his munchies on ...
thanks for the
Just got done with 2hr soccer scrimmage!
exhausted and hungry lol!
It was amazing though!: 3
Happy Mother's Day !
We see you  Will Smith waving at the !
Go FedExpress!
where are you?
Don't miss our Twitterview w/ this coming Monday  9pm EST/6 PST.
These guys are amazing you wont want to miss this
Riley and Tank!!!
Riley and Tank.
Riley and Tank.
Riley and Tank.
Riley and Tank.
Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.
In a society governed by the rule of law, access to legal advice and representation is crucial, but can u afford it?
Now you can afford it.
County exec Ike Leggett, Council Membera George Leventhal and Phil Andoctorws joined us this evening.
If you call me hott, I automatically will lose some respect for you.
Happy firstdayofsummer!
What are your summer plans?
OK, fine, I won't doctornk doctor Pepper 10.
Because I'm a woman.
And it's clearly off limits to me.
I am sure our enemies feel the same way.
Rain is a'comin!
Are your wiper blades ready?
Replace your wiper blades today  GET 5 OFF!
Just mention the Twitter post to the cashier!
Scientists in India developed a way to save energy called reverse tanning and they're not talking about unplugging tanning beds.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous
theyre gonna beat you, kill you, or overdose you  harsh words from an abused trafficking victim via motor city documentary.
Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.
S/O TO ALL
So far, we've visited 12 institutions and scanned over 700 pages!
Baker Univ.was our last stop; headed to Confederate Memorial next week.
Kate Upton doing the CatDaddy :O Greatest thing ever lol
Breaking: CPD confirms homicide suspect shot tonight in Whitehall.
He is in surgery and stable at the hospital.
No officers were hurt.
hardcore!
seems like a perfect little outing paired with the whitney biennial.
That was by farthes the stupidest most dangerous thing ive ever done.
That was a scare
so many hunger games shirts to chose from.
hahahaha chill.
Get over myself?
Lol
Merry Christmas everyone!
:
look, we all know that the animals chose to be that way.
Especially the giraffes
pain pain pain , stomach cramp !
fcuk it !
i hate it so much !
I remember when you coiuld turn on the radio between 102 and hear slow jams.Now i just hear lil wayne cusing me out.
THx for the Shout Out Amy  have a nice weekend!
swept 'em, baby.
Renegades tonight hanging out with my brother and his wife Amber
Aw Looks like you need a hug Around your neck With a rope.
moversli available tomorrow afternoon, Saturday afternoon, Sunday morning times available
of course not.
Stadi le.
Not so stupid to risk exam.
go to bed.
RT : To all the girls who didnt get this text: Good night beautiful.
Hahaha!
...
Don't feel alone.
I have these moments ALL the time.
:P
when's the recital?
Excellent morning music: 's Surprise Stefani on
Happy Birthday, fine sir!
it's Hot Yoga!
John Kerry got A LOT of attention/dissection for his wealth in '04
OomfNeedsTo come see me
Play being redoctorwn up for Kobe to get the ball more easily...
Beware The Dagger, damn it!
Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away
LRV2 may be your sweatiest EP to date.
You make mention of your perspiration at least thrice
Geez.
When is Rootstock going to put smelts back on the menu?
So much work to make up...
parents pissing me off
Soul Rebels are playing their version of Sandman by Metallica at the Mint right now!
Have you ever heard a brass band cover a metal song?!
yeah that's the bonus track.
I forgot about that one, haha.
Q2 we all need a way to blow off steam, just don't do it on the floor, take it offline or to the breakroom with chocolate
yeah thats good, you can coown i will DM you the password now :
Reading Charles Frazier on the iPhone  Starbucks with Dolly Parton twanging in the background: cognitively dissonant but somehow it works
Out and about dog walking and cat sitting in sunny Seattle weather
Get Avira Anti virus and cc cleaner.
Paid version.
At mashbash at 1OAK at the Mirage with ces Who else is here.
: I hate mondays with a passion u and me both
Please send a letter asking the Secretary of Agriculture to implement an immediate time out on roadbuilding on national forestlands.
totally loving the new Bombadil album Tarpits and Canyonlands!
many thanks Bryan for sending it my way!
OHMYFLACKINGNIALL.
Where were you today?
D:
look forward 2 it!!
you may have to ge a few bottles of wine for after words tho..
and not to celebrate ;
WISPAPALoOzaza WISPA trade show rocks in vegas.
ISP leaders informing and engaging about local service.
didn't mean to send that yet.
I meant in a husng someone cbing 100 over one sng isn't a sign of overcbetting
The only Tiger I've seen homer this year is Boesch
Good morning Twitter friends!
I'm up early it's a nice sunny day!!
: !
I'm going to get my tweets caught up today!!
Tweet you all later!
'Me:OMFG THE BOYZ ARE SO SEXY!!!!' 'EveryoneElse:Wtf are they wearing?' Seriously bro?
please follow:
Thank you!
Saw the pattern somewhere and thought it'd be neat :
45 min nap in the library?
Fuck yea.
i dont know where you goin ' or when you comin '
Hey there , i heard you were a WILD ONE!!
Well mama said, You can't believe everything you hear, The diegetic world is so unclear...
editing editing editing!
Love you cakeNbake ..
Be friendly with your kids, they choose your home when you are old!
me too.
My grandpa worked in a greenhouse for 40 years.
We tried his tip on planting small seeds like carrots  lettuce.
Long days, long night.
But change gone come...
great food!
Thanks!!!
Sure...
I will play some Texas hold'em with you on Facebook
If all men are the same, why do women take so long to choose one ?
I'm reading the PDF you sent me 
Cleaning all dayy!
I did too!
They were giving them away at warped tour but I forgot about it.
:
boyfriend just sent me a pic of his red blazer  bow tie...
it's a red out alright!
GO BUCKS
Looking for some good, but inexpensive reading?
Don't miss our Annual Book Sale on the Metuchen Library Lawn, Sat October 1 at 9AM Be there!
understand!
How odd they opened an acct under ur handle!
That's terrible!!
Wonder how they sent that 2 meI follow unot them
Baltimore Police Commissioner Frederick H.
Bealefeld, I to reitre
I could prolly set you up with a word press site like mine but nothing coded
Why not rent a flute?
In the U.S.
there are places where young people can rent or renttobuy on contract.
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
13
In the morning, O Lord, you hear my voice; I lay my requests before you and wait in expectation.
RT
I am inside your mind you cannot keep focuz, If i were ah fountaiin doctornk i would be liquified dopeness
nice to see u
Dude be quiet, I'm calling my mom!
Person in background PASS THE WEED!
ANOTHER DAY STILL doctorAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD : 3 5

ATTENTION I will follow the first 30 people that follow   Hurry!
IM CHECKING!/done!
: Kiss slowly, forgive quickly, play hard, take chances, give everything  have no regrets..
Our greatest battles are that with our own minds.
Jameson Frank
I didn't know 24oz bottled beers were legal in TN.
Not that I'm complaining.
of course, of course
wow loving the videos you can make 4cents 7 times if you look and keep refreshing on the hp an fcdea
Just listened to the podcast with your dad.
Very cool.
Thanks for sharing!
Chris is cute, but he looks crosseyed or something, I'm liking misterColumbia.
If you want a special shout out on FF just send us a direct message and we will be sure to include you in our list!
Share the love!
Booked for NYC.
Reading at ZeiherSmith Gallery May 22.
BE THERE!!!!!
Bruins are having such a bad run they went from 2nd to 7th today in the conference standings and didn't even play.
Need to get going now!
So UNIQLO is offering me an interview for their store supervisor position in SF.
I have a brother named Flip and once I flopped him.
Looks like I FLOPPEDFLIP!
Don't miss out on the NABEFCareerFair in Las Vegas April 18.
Find jobs in broadcasting media sales, onair and technology
I understand that Teddy F.
found one in the Mekong Delta, 2007
Is it illegal to call an actual play???
random iso offense doesn't work well in post season
Just bought aerosmith tickets
just got it.
An optimist may see a light where there is none, but why must the pessimist always run to blow it out?
Rene Descartes
I'm sure will not write about Staal twohanded swing of his stick on Carlson.
Does he too have a 'Get out of Jail Free' card?
Can't believe I played my last home game
I ran out of my house around a 11 and got about 3 seconds of video of Discovery on final approach.
Yay!
or toilet paper
Yes sir ?
I was out 21 days  168 different places  unlocked 8 badges in April !
this is an automated message  might not even be read
I'm donating my next paycheck to you beauts!
You guys deserve a raise.
Keep on tweeting!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
A friend told me today I'm just try to be HBO.
Not knowing that's my favorite premium channel.
Thanks 4 the vote cheers
LetterThree provides customizable solutionbased training for your counselors.
Visit us online at letterthree.net.
Thanks for following!
Nice meeting you!
Check out  their FB page  post a pic of your guitars!
FREE LAP DANCE DAY FRIDAY MARCH 23rd!
Noon to Midnight!
or we could open out bed  breakfast :
Pssshhh.
Women's lax is where it's at.
Going to the gym with my dad!!!!!!!!!!, I don't want to stay alone at the house, my two sisters and mom are gone!!!
Koval Whiskey Tasting: April 17, 5:30pm, 25.
Menu includes beef tenderloin slider, baby back ribs  more.
Tickets going fast:...
professorssional  TECHnical.
I'm Marketing.
Please come, the nonbelievers will see that tweets work!
no worries!
Thanks for clearing that up!
It'll be raining there this weekend anyway!
Be sure to get it in an Old English script across your stomach.
A day full of great meetings, conversations, and brainstorming about edtech locally and globally.
Happy 1st Day of Spring  I think this calls for classes to be cancelled :
I'm going to fail at this so bad.
xD
he's got such a way with words, he's got a voice i wish you never heard.
How High You Are will determine How Low You Go.
It made me laugh and and totally mellow, have the munchies and horny and then tired and crash out.
NEVER violent.
720 tonight, UWW football tomorrow and Packer game Sunday.
Great weekend!
How did you do on the bike?
...unless you're nervous about how long its going to count...seems like a bigger sweat to me
yes very much so.
That's why I like her  PM so much.
Very genuine people.
Thanks for the mention!
a nap would help her thought process lol
Just hanging out INSIDE a lifesized replica of a blue whale's heart at the field museum.
What is the name of 's music label?
Answer correctly and you could win room  VIP table tomorrow!
Where's my pizza?!
indeed i am a weirdo!
I WEAR MY BADGE PROUD NIQQUAH!
Holy Moly!
Kaylee is almost done reading the Book of Mormon!
She is winning our challenge!
carpe diem!
: Letting go of the past, living and accepting the present is hard but freeing.
lighter
I usually advise against looking directly at the people at the table.
They want to watch you act, not be part of the scene.
love your designs already.
The black sequin butterfly doctorss is FAB.
Tomorrow night's show with Bull Dancer  , All Ages, Pay what you want, doctornk, stomp, and clap with us!
The GOP would have lost a socialissues election thanks to war on women.
Now?
This levels, at best, the field in a SI election
I agree...
Too bad I can't say that about Kenny G.
Thank you so much:::
working on handmade teacher gifts all day tommorow...
i hope the come out nice!
This could be a game changer.
RT : Numerous sources tell me Prosser will pick up 7000 votes in Waukesha Cty.
if you asked me to point on my body to see where my waist was, I wouldn't be able to tell you cuz I don't have one lol.
you got it!
subliminal  weak
TIP: Limit the Party Guest List.
Limiting ur guest list will keep the conversation intimate  evening fun lighthearted!
87 schools have no specials says doctorThornton, that why he proposes the standard of care.
Tim from www.newhorizonswi.com, is up next to talk somemore about Sharepoint 2010, new features.
physically and emotionally tired.
I think it's bedtime
finna make breakfast for the fam i guess
Thanks for following us We like your biogreat job
Coming from the Mountain Time Zone, I CAN'T WAIT for Football kicking off at 7AM!
Great way to start the season!
swears I stalked him on his way down to MY OWN HOOD.
what?
Where'd that come from?
Congrats to my amazing brother for getting into today!!!
Im afraid to know what is gonna tell us..
I like to picture Jesus in a tuxedo tshirt because it says, I wana be formal, but I'm here to party here.
hahahahahahahaha.
enjoy that.
So far each house presented to us had been placed under contract prior to us viewing.
Need networked agent to avoid this ;
omg.
allday was the best music video...sofar ;
Get to your TV set now!
will be performing Live at 9 on WREG News Channel 3!
You don't want to miss this!
so ijuss met this one dude like 4 days ago
Thanks for that list of donors.
Putting them in categories with clever names made it better for doctoring my wet shoes.
Thanks!
I really enjoyed conversing with the class.
Ninety two degrees huh?
well, it ain't me!
LOL
Inbox me ur number
The office has some kind of local, Detroit coffee in the kitchens.
I don't like it.
Emma Goldman born today, 1869.
An anarchist  women's rights advocate known for her politics, writing  speeches.
the show stacked the deck
which eagles?
thank you Spec
Questions from twitter about tools panelists are using in class: wikis, html, blogging, ethnography, twitter, music!
you're now approved.
My munchkin should be on that plane!!!!
Our fearless leader is starting her intro.
It's going....
Well, it's going.
hope u feel better
Just learned we have some serious foreign officials coming to talk w/ our domestic violence task force tomorrow.
Reading their bios  whoa!
Sitting in on interview with JohnCarterCash and host Hank Weinbloom talking about JCC's new book
Why hasn't Steffy doctorwn back on doctorwSomething?!
:o
its June 22nd the actual concert and the tickets go on sale this saturday at noon
Today is a perfect day to skip class, make a hot toddy and watch the game
call me
make no sense, right?
but, bball: 'cos coaches set bar there.
baseball: 'cos it's oldass tradition.
MT : I'll be on NBC San Diego in about 1 hour talking about the teachers union, concessions  counting beans at school district
just changed the channal!
:D
It was more a comment on my inability to go that route, so I was wondering if you really could.
Hunter Pence is out.
The Phillies best hitter is now probably John Mayberry Jr.
watchin behind da music about biggie
Change it to free poodle and you might be right.
Cox Cable goes out and there goes the Bball games.
They will not even take calls!
A bone to the dog is not charity.
Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog.
Jack London
Happy birthday Stewie!
can you believe our boy is 4 years old
I'm looking 4ward to Thrive Lunch at Shanghai Grill this Thursday!
Not only do I get to have lunch with gr8 people, I get to eat GR8 food!
Wow that does sound like fun times!
I hate listening to myself...
I would be unhappy if I had to be on camera too lol!
not really.
I might go see a movie or play some basketball...
u?
Went to the movies today and saw  The Lucky One I could say it was good, but actually it was very good!
Chick Flik
enjoy the party!
Food doctorve Saturday at the job.
I should have banged in like most people!
Lol
Don't criticize what you can't understand.
Bob Dylan
Some people asked him amazing questions.
Covered the bases I wanted to hear!
You're right.
I'm very lucky.
:
please tell me you've seen Carl's new tv commercial.
Can't.
Stop.
Laughing.
Finished with finals!
Stump best friend to Sam.
how loyal is he?
read it in the book Spirit Lance first book in the Native Protectors Series.
Just thinkin about my FUTURE, my Daughters FUTURE and what it comes down to is three Letters....
JTP!!!!!!!
is the new record Label on top
Spinning rifle this early in the morning just doesn't work.
We can use some K in pets, too!
I wanted my film to have that doctoramy swimming in oatmeal feeling Guy Maddin on his film Keyhole
On my way to for our last rehearsal before opening week  can you believe it?
When will he realize she's just some whore..whos gonna just break your heart..
For all you people who text me during the day this week, realize that I do not have my phone and cant reply.
GEEZ
Enjoying some Moon Cycle Yogi tea.
Cool finds!
Or my foot in your azz!!
any chance I could request an academic favor from you?
I need a professorssional review of a doctorft syllabus
don't tell me you're broke and then post photos on facebook of you on vacation in exotic lands.
it makes me want to choke a bitch.
Who do you keep thinking you want to network with?
Spark up a conversation!
Had a great night hanging with wife and singing with my daughter...glad to see her come out of her shell
Wish I had someone to talk to right now :/
lmao yea I do  holla at me when u done
u dont know nothin bout that old head
Will do.
Tis a fine city.
I just had the most amazing phone convo  w/ a HS football teammate.
Small worldsomeone I met works with him!
try flying as an 16 year old unaccompanied minor with your little sister.
Then you talk about how bad airports are.
esp.
since you live in rainy Seattle!
RT emergency!
You need to get one  they are convenient!
Okay, good, won't have to doctorve that far:
Truth RT : Rose on the Roof with next Thursday.
Everyone's going.
Teenager in FL.
accused of killing his parents with a hammer.
Then throwing party with dead bodies still inside home.
at 5:30
I hate it when someone borrows your clothes and then never brings them back to you!
aw, thanks steph!
i had a blast with you!
see you soon?
: Chris Davis needs a pep talk...or something!
Yeah.
2 bad Mark Reynolds not around :
Let me breathe/for you
RT funfact I'm an Ordained Minister...
so, if you're getting married give me a call!
thank you for the follows.
Very cool.
I'm a huge fan.
Your show rocks!!
Must see TV.
There will be no weekly LOVIEE this week.
There are three events covering Friday and Saturday.
The weekly LOVIEE will resume next Monday.
hm interesting..
Vidal Sasson.
If you don't look good we don't look good.
One of the best ad campaigns.
Thanks Vidal!
The heart is a muscle, and what do muscles do when theyre torn?
They grow back STRONGER.
I regret nothing!
Congratulations on 1/3!
uh...
you need some tweets n' junk...
you don't use that on your beard do you?
:
Good Morning!
A guilty conscience needs to confess.
A work of art is a confession.
Albert Camus
My husband added curry powder to our left over Easter eggs for a flavorful egg salad.
why would you say that?
Just a little fib ;p
At the airport.
Getting ready to head to ATL
Finally got my hosting back up and running and hope to get my new folio up and running  stay tuned.
After a Chris Leak interception, the VooDoo capitalize with a rushing touchdown.
New Orleans leads 2714 at the end of the 1st quarter.
thanks for the love girl..
Maybe ill come out to your area and check ya out..
There's this one chick at work who always seems angry to me.
I wonder if I ever come across that way to other people...
The suffering made it tastier.
good advice.
Much love to my boy Hope you enjoyed the game.
Make sure you two change seats from last night.
Don't move if you already have.
Barclay keep standing
Horrible end to a BC HOF career RT : Yes it is!!!!
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time...
we need to grab a beer soon!
Traveling to Dominica?
I know where to stay without spending a fortune!
IM A PUNK IM A SINNER IM LOST NEW BEGINNER IM A THREAT TO MYSELF IMA GET ARMAGEDDON.
IM A FREAK IM A LIAR IM A FLIRT
A close friend's brother passed from H1N1 the other day.
Just in case you needed a reminder, life is precious.
OKAAY THIS RETARDED LEAVE NICK ALONE OKAAY HE DIDNT DO SHIT OKAAY NOW F OFF YOU CANT BE AN ICONiac WHILE HATIN ON ONE OFF THE BOYZ
Just got off the phone with Supervisor Greg Cox.
Really sharp, thoughtful guy.
So was his challenger,
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30!
Lets see if Wishful Thinking can keep their winning streak going!
Gentlemen, obviously you haven't had yogurt.
Real, frozen fruit inside.
Flow is primed and ready for Derby
Did you get burned really bad??
Despite working a majority of the day, this weekend was very relaxing  almost like we were back on the West Coast.
i never thought twice about his quitting.
just glad to see fla fball go away for a bit.
they were so good  fans annoyed
So do I
hey, I just left the camera at EMAC lab with a guy named Kyle.
He said he would turn in the paperwork....thanks!
Were you smart enough to think ahead and buy Southwest doctornk coupons on eBay?
Couldn't say I didn't warn you now look what happend.
As if rememberng 911 wasn't enough of a bummer  I had to go and watch the Browns today too.
I am going to be so sore tomorrow.
Runnnningggg time
chargers pick melviningram southcarolina ALL SEC
My son won't go to sleep.
Says there's no school tomorrow.
He's 8.
It's 2:30am.
I'm a broken man.
This is a conspiracy.
Where's his mother?
We also can't wait until Sunday.
It will be a lot of fun!
i wish i could see pix of the new exhibits :/ i'm sure they are very cool!
And just for the record, the girls that talk shit about fake boobs are the ones that want/need them the most.
Stfu.
Wow....I just pray for them.
Lol
If u look at me and i have mud all over and you think eww go take a bath then get tha fuck out of the country.
muddin4life :p

sounds like another example of awesome United customer experience!
The weather is nice.
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE J
Are for Our
so buckets of fun?
yay or nay
ya never know: And I highly doubt they'll ever come to San Antonio.
I mean who would?
S/O 2 da Whole 619  DBlac , If u don't know about him, U will be Finding Out sooner than Latet: BlacFritzFrontLin3 signing off
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a persons character lies in their OWN hands.
Nice!
I was toying with How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Metabrarianship RT careers beyond card catalogs?
Complaints now the most common consumer interaction at at 48 socapvoc
Friends and family are entering the Beckett Theatre for the invited doctorss rehearsal of LOSTINYONKERS.
Break legs everyone!
Imagine Austin softly touching your face and pressing his soft lips against yours.
I'd rather watch paint doctor then watch a girls distance run.
there lies the distinction here in California we dont know what a tornado is a good lightening storm is fun until you loose power
Gas 20, books at the barnesnoble for the kids 50, silence in the car ride home,
Robert Merry: impartial journalism was a product of news technology since it involved sharing stories across diverse newspapers.
ur always so hard on folks!
Upping the rejection ante
So thrilled the kids picked Nirvana to play for their first song.
watching funny people...forgot how funny it is
Hi guys!!
if you followed today repost about mofones!!
This is a totally artist run project and we need help spreading the word!!
Thanks!
chris brown reminds me of fresh prince for some reason..
Screw them  they jealous.
Just ploy as you are the lady in UK and doing your US stint!
welcome doll
Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.
Ogden Nash
and you have In and Out Burger there NO CONTEST!
I give.
Dont know wether to go with pink and black hair or red and orange hair..hm
Interesting start to the 2nd round
Wearing giant frog slippers in my office becasue I don't have Mammoth Crocs.
Finished the day strong with an incredible songwriting sesh with Anton Peterson.
Going to start dedicating myself to music.
Macadabre, please leave :
plz follow me I know u won't but
Hi!
Thanks for the follow!
I love The Scorpions!
What was your favorite award reaction at the ?
Burt's be bumpin'
Just watched the latest madmen show...
I get it their trying to make the viewer feel like their growing old.
Well played.
It's how I keep up my physique.
RT : is that your goto lunch?
sounds like a freak, whats goody?
Weeding flower beds under a holly tree is proof that nature is colluding to take back the planet.
you showed up in the column that says who to follow haha
What a great day in Chicago.
Heading to the lake front today.
WHEN ARE YOU PLAYING IN ST.
LOUIS?!?!?
can't wait for you to come home and help me clean this house or hang out with B.
you make twitter fun again
Thanks for posting  nice to have a/v of the Sea Organ  Temple of the Sun in Zadar.
At the airport!!
Hello future pediatrician, and welcome.
Difference in vantage points is amazing, but it's true.
God must love the common man, He made so many of them.
Happy Birthday Honest Abe
Class of 1980 we got your back.
Return a punt for me.
If you are into quality vidya game coverage and aren't following , you're missing out.
Those majestic trees of yours R 2 blame..just stepped outside here in gov ctr....hole in the clouds..yay....VERY bright moon!
anyone know when next concert will be?x
It's known that Scorpios make great, loyal, intense, trustworthy, funny friends.
But  the same time, we don't NEED friends to be happy.
We want to hear from you....Do you think there will be full NFL season, half NFL season, or no NFL this year??

we got your taster apps, can you follow us so we can DM you for future events?
Thanks!
RT : When we enter new territory, get wisdom from those who have been down the road before.
A ce soir au Living Room!
i def wanna be part of the slide show :
My man disagrees.
RT Besides Mark Barron, I thought Nick Perry was the best choice for GB.
Great selection.
so happy that you were able to be there.
We will be back  one way or another!
I need to stop because I make it seem like I have No ass whatsoever...
I got a lil somethin back there!!
Lol
It's 83 degrees.
Happy Monday Folks, Let's Keep WARM Out There!!
Special shoutout to for donating beer to the AIABalt Lecture Series.
We are truly grateful to be working with a local brewery!
omg I love the shoutout you gave me in the outro : omg thank you
This is Breck's third trip to the Class 1A title game.
The Mustangs have never won a championship.
turned down a chance to meet with the Queen Elizabeth and Duchess Kate to attend a library benefit.
What a guy!
I have no nice words for him or his unnatural beliefs.
The only thing worse than seeing one side of a political argument on twitter is seeing the retweets of the other side.
Everyday I ask what time we get out of class knowing dalnnmm well I know when we get out
It needs to be torrential rain, hail and lightning tomorrow.

watching TV mad at hym rite nah....
happy new year!
Comedy cntrl has been playing ur old school stnd up, Hot Pocket!!!!
Classic!
Today, lawyers are attacking more; they're attacking everything.
A good example is the O.J.
Simpson case
Is Thankful 
On a tour?
We've met several great chiropractors who tried on our shirts and loved them!
Bought some for their patients
Come to Houston G!!
love how we coordinate outfits...
Even today we are both rockin taupe.
You look gorgeous!
I like the new templates...nice work, thanks!
Girl!
You are havin a weekend !
how's it going man?
Lets catch up sometime
Does anyone want to practice getting Words of knowledge?
Join me on skype: Carlos.Bello507
don't forget your lactaid or you will have explosive trots!!!!!
She thinks I can't go twice in one day.
My treadmill
Given the way things are going in the second half, there's a small chance the Badgers fail to reach 33.
Watching cheerleading competition!!
Will someone wake me up when humans start acting like humans to each other again?
Landed in Vegas 102 degrees time for Iced TEA!
because of storm damage
Prove that lightning isn't wizards fighting.
You can't.
Speed and Power  Deadly Combo

u  Melissa are my new heroes.
I've had a painbased illness 20 yrs  to see you work thru the pain has motivated me so!
ty
Hitting up CSULB tomorrow morning for a campus tour : pretty siked about it .
Ha!
That looks fun!
Well, if the Velcro shoe fits.......
That song makes me want to slow dance.
wine and red bull.
There should be both in your glove compartment
sup looser text me.!!
Brain Floss: 5,000 years ago people believed worms caused tooth decay.
the lowest form of tweeting.
Bought my plane tickets today  heading to the Honda Classic this week with  going to be a great week!
Giveaway starts on our Facebook page soon...make sure you're a fan so you can see the details!
have a safe flight : 3
lmao i do have them, i just only had 2 of the numbers
i miss my brother  sisters
Need to find a rental company that will rent cars to 20 try olds 
If B1G was looking, the AAU schools in this ACC BE mess are Rutgers NC Duke Maryland GATech Virginia 
Why are you so hard to avoid.
Shout out to for casting a wonderful crew for Fair Play.
What a comeback by the Nuggets  what an epic chokejob in progress by the Lakers.
Kobe needs to take over.
Love the library.
Went book hunting for books for The Amazing Read, hosted by PlayBook Tag over at Shelfari.
Love reading games.
Utah State softball set for season finale against No.
12 Hawaii Saturday  Deseret News
Let's play good idea bad idea.
Wondering why none of my coworkers ain't at work????????
just ordered mine, and I've been looking for a good deal on quality buds.
Thanks!
Greatest show I have ever seen!!!!!
The comic con is a comlete success for the Outer Space Men.
After 10 years of work to see the action
Malcolm Floyd a very key piece of this offense
as would the image I have of a poster that said 'hypothermia sucks' ;
glad to see I'm not the only fan of Girl Scout cookies!
Than RT : is the coolest.
He is better at life then me for sure.
Any recommendations for a good project management software tool with dashboards?
So then what you're saying is it's a political statement for you.
Like not shopping at Target?
letsbringback this street team twitter3 its been a hot minute!
:
Hud Collins on rejected challenge to CPR: This was a shocker.
I was so sure that this is wrong.
I'm still sure it's wrong.
Thank you for the recommended resources!
Advice from writing coach: Read poetry before you write paper/proposal.
It activates a diff.
part of your brain.
Dawes: make public history intelligible to survivors and surviving families, creating archive is our work
Like health care reform?
RT Energy Will Be Obama's Waterloo
Don't miss Redamte Coffee House Benefit w/ Juneau, Callback California  more!
coming up this Saturday at The Loft!
I'll grab some grub...
be there by din!
Back to the grind.
Summer is officially over.
NowPlaying Hey Yo by Brooke Hogan ft Colby O' Donnis
Just when u think it can't get any more intense, it does.
The way it keeps oneupping itself is almost artful.
Almost.
Four steps to business success  step 4: Influence the friends of your fans
Numerous phone calls today from various BCS schools ..sounds like everyone played well this weekend!!
Right back in the gym we go!
having a few parties at Cameo and Liv tonight, come by :
Ready to cocreate prosperity with our newest U2R1 clients building a clothing brand from the ground up and also launching a luxury men's w
Ok twitter heres a question  do I save the underwear my 3yo outgrew for my 2yo?
Only the non stained ones.
Today's talk event will be held on 4th floor in the same building as NEW CITY ART FAIR.
waffle with chikfila sauce instead of ketchup.
Excited to present with and at the Hoya Innovation Summit on Thursday
the pleasure was mine!
Fiocruz was a definite highlight of the trip, hope to be back soon!
Get a life!
Ok?
But then i would have two, right?
o.O
hello bitches, imma tweet like a mudafucka today.
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty.
Empty what's full.
Scratch where it itches.
Alice Roosevelt Longworth
I'm having stuffed porkchop.
Musicalstop.com Supports Indie Artists!
:
please feel better asap!
:
FYI the Pacers have played the 2nd quarter with an all bench lineup.
And have outplayed the Heat with Wade and Chalmers on the floor
Yeah we are!
Afternoon Dance Party on the Main Mall is happening...
; See you guys tomorrow!!!
This song sums up about 6 months of my life.
Thank you cra cra world for giving me the signs I need to navigate through this life!
:

Takes 8 position players  multiple pitchers to win in baseball so lets not get caught up with winning
HAHA I miss you like crazy, bro.
We are gonna hang out SO HARD
Need notaries.
WI GOP will pass bill next week that all sigs must be signed by notary.
contact
awesome awesome awesome!
Did they figure out the rider's outfit yet?
Can't focus in class cause I want to see ghostrider2 so bad.
nicholascage is in the best movies ever!
Wish he was in 6 per yr though
I love this store.
: RT : Love hearing things like this!
Yay for Mike!
:
:0 read between the lines please!
BOL not baby doll hair.
You gonna need a pink slip and a blow up mattress too.
oh, im def excited.
But u know, first day back at work :
Why are ladies so scared of video cameras in the bed room
Dont sound like it
MayThe4th be with you!
Can't wait to see it!
RT : Writing a press release about 's ParallelMafiawhat a sweet game!
I'd love to get my hands on his fabric!
I wonder how big his thread count is??
;
Nobody talks of entrepreneurship as survival, but thats exactly what it is.
Anita Roddick
I know many may not agree but after watching Behind the Music...DMX could have been the next Pac.
El Paso Chile Company cookbooktry the rellenos and pork posole made with Hatch Chilis
That show is pretty good :
If this spring weather is getting you excited for Browns baseball, like this post
Yeah holly how come your not in Indy thought 4 sure that hubby  u would be there
Hey WaSup My People!!!
Looking Forward To Seeing Ya'll Soon!!!
Finish It: If I had a time machine I would...
always puts on a show either way.
U and the rock really went at it last night Lol
RT : The highest of compliements!
RT : I'm only about 4 hours into icon12, and I've already learned enough to...
Love online archival images if they can navigate.
Need more userfriendly sites with better structure  navigation.
Tiara said we are Forsure staying after to pick up the prom tickets then going straight after to get nails done .
she sai yeah
oh shit you are past that already?
What about the new lab?
Neither, this AM.
More concerned with deep pockets dictating promot.content/cheerleading
You can b my cuddy cuddy buddy fosho u can ride wit me girl don't act like u don't already kno
Patience pays, Hopefully this long will too
so sad that cowboys lost :
I saw the tweets and I thought it was wicked funny
Wow, and I thought our defense had issues.
Thanks for all of the reddit support!
ok deal
yumm is so good!
Ty!
when should i put the order in?
i need it for a party in July.
speaking of party, would love to have u  ur family join us
HEY HEY HEY!!
It isn't like having an eye lash on your eye.
It's like having an axe in your eye.
Get it?
My bf asked me if I nest or hover.
I'm familiar w/ hover but nest is new to me.
Hint: you do it in a public place with your pants down.
What an awesome book I'm reading  Francis Chan.
Begs a couple ?s.
1 Braun's privacy got breachedhow?
legal?
2 Precedent now set for next hiprofessorle test?
Tonight shall be a turnmyphoneoffmoviemarathon kind of night.
Please forward the following message to Melinda and her family, and anyone else you think may benefit from it.
How do you celebrate veterans day?
I wish them peace and admire their commitment to this great country.
RT : : what's good cuz.
Gone be n the A tomorrow// Word?!!
For how long?
till Wednesday morning// Bet
Every single creature that gives their life for our table should be treated with respect and class
enjoy opening day, your Brewers should be good, but this is the Cubs year...
maybe.
Key concept highlighted at our Sunday luncheon is:  Seeing is Believing  Believing is Seeing are the 2 sides of the manifestation coin.
A little bit of love and a whole lot of lust.
my legs still feel like they're gonna fall off and we've been back at the hotel for 3 hours.....
wonderful meeting you at mla12!
That was a great talk and beautiful explanation of tfidf scores.
should have specified....I've just read illini fan tweets who are against it.
Seems ill.
media is dwelling on his 3430 mac rec
They are stable.
Would be better if my work from that client was a little more consistent, but I stay busy otherwise.
Almost time for you Seniors to Graduate and join us in the real world...lol.
Class of 2012!
Good luck with Faculty Academy this year.
Can't wait to see some pix online esp.
the MakerBot room.
Tonight's maintenance: Declaring victory and leaving the field.
I wish to hug you in real life haha
7amm waking up in theeemorninng, gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs.
my schedule tomorrow 
Hi to the fam!
Hope to see you all next weekend?!
yes i only watch because of him lol
Make up sex is always best ;
True story RT : All day CC: RT : PLANT SEEDS
when's your graduation?
I COULD NOT POSSIBLY AGREE WITH YOU MORE RE: THE FACE PUNCHING
ANNOUNCEMENT: Maguire University 2012 'Traveling Team'.
We CANNOT accept a electronic picture for your 2012 ALL ACCESS PASS for New Orleans
Like you came just to visit???
Check out this site:alot of wonderful tips on eating healthier.
Hmm...
Honestly, I don't know.
yii : he eat it right, beat it good, eat that pussy like he should.
I've been playing on the website, I'm impressed/intrigued.
I would be cool with having a Skype convo if anyone is interested??
RT : Congrats to for the call up!
Great accomplishments this year so I expected this!
missed ya today homeguuurl!
Even if the tickets for Newyork sold out me  my mom are still gonna go even if we cant go in well stay outside  support!3
You still open to getting back in NFL  how is your son doing this year?
LMAO...girl u need 2 cut it out
LET'S GO CLEVELAND.
just wait until he truly develops an outside shooting game.
Scary thought
At same old same old lol RT: lol damn where u been
This wedding invite's envelope is almost too pretty to open.
Happy Yule!
14th September 1846  Jang Bahadur and his brothers massacre about 40 members of the Nepalese palace court.
Like that idea!!!
Finally put in my Miche order!
Very excited for my BDay present to myself :
: oop I see that is was not delivered imma come tomorrow cuz Wednesday seems to be the new datenight for u.
Don't necessarily cover companies.
Blog about social issues biz leaders are sorting through.
doctorke is coming to houston and i promised myself to get tickets and i didn't and i hate myself alfhdabhf
OH LAWD, WE'RE SCREWED Y'ALL!
Good news: You're in the club!
Bad news: It's not very exclusive.
All critical journalists are barred.
It summons your courage!
RT : A1: A vocation is a calling...a strong inner message that cannot be ignored.
world of the arts I guess...
followed!!
Follow back?
;
So i discovered Discotek2 weeks ago and it has 445 plays in my ipod!
so thank u for that!
Text the words EPICCHURCH to 41411 to sign up 4 alerts
I have 2 more episodes of DA to finish this year's season.
Already looking forward to season 3!
My bf said our relationship is like Khloe  Lamar lol .
That's a good thing c:
I wana come...can I come...lol
fine...
I'll sit by another friend!; haahaha thanks for posting this!
I didn't know u posted this til now!
And btw I'm sorry!
What do Pete Rose  Playboy have going on together?
WWW.ussportspages.com
elbow you !
3
Just received confirmation we have a after party to do in SoCal .......
Let's go get this money Brohydez!!!
Back home from yoga laying in the bed listening to
finals start tomorrow!
:
NF Finding new people to Follow 
Oh wow so how was you expecting to...
well you know and that's all you can move lmao smh
KNOWING SOMEONE REALLY CARES ABOUT YOU IS A GOOD FEELING!!!
you should follow me ?
:
To add to baby book page of Firsts: son's first time seeing the Dalai Lama
oh my god.
Lmfao!
I always thought that tune was missing a lil something
When all else fails try God!
He never fail.
Family day at waimea bay!
Cheeeee
Could i get a retweet to my softball team big game tonight a retweet will make the beer taste better
Living life is a test, you have the power to overcome anything with determination dont let distractions replace it, live your
way to go man!
Last stretch!
happy Birthday Mac Miller3
The Nikki minage Pepsi commercial is about as bad as the blubbering women Verizon commercial.
welp, time to get my snacks ready
morning!!!
Good luck tonight!
Of, CBS Sunday Morning has me in tears...
again.
Wow, Buick, Shaq can really act.
Omg girls these days are over there heads!!
calmyoshitdown smh
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
Baltimore Museum Of Industry TONIGHT !!!!!!
5  9 FOOD TRUCK GATHERING !
67 degrees , Dinner  MISS TWIST ICE CREAM !!!!!
HUGE life day today.
Excited about things to come.
that mall is bigger than all of Morro Bay
if anyone's lying it's You!
;P
How to build your 2012 Digital Marketing Plan, great analysis and insight
Rip Steve Jobs may your legacy live on for generations to come...
Uncle Chuck!
Stay lifted and gifted on this happiest of holidays
Lawd.
RT  talkin bout just the tip with their ratchet selves
Goodnight Roger sleep sound, the water will go away its just cleaning all the trash in your way of a good prom!
I have a new book to read  one Beyond Critical, by my old friend Keith Fuller.
Can't wait to get stuck in!
Brazil is now losing 2 zero.
Yeah boy!!!!!
Solid food.
I'm happy for you.
Sushi rocks.
Juicy is back may 4th!!
My 1000th follower will get something special :
Of course!!
Stupid Boys stealing My phone and getting onto EVERY Account I have.
See World you no good......
LiesIveToldMyParents to many to say :P
I just auditioned for Ps Casting audition  castingfrontier
StyledbyJune on VH1 is a hit and The Juniverse online is next!
We 3 working with June Ambrose
All we do is pour it up all night doctornks out
re Singapore 2 Taipei : May is birthday hell ,so hearing ya'll sucking at Happy Birthday is humbling  relief at teh same time ;
thanks!!!
Blessings thanks for support :
Current temperature at the ballpark is 106...DAMN!!!
Congrats PACKERS!!
Indeed some tracing finding  is factor in the bg.
ex: Rec.Academy's 501c2 stuck w/ bad real estate deal main ofc
finally got my damn granola bar:
Yayay just ordered toms :D
Nice to meet you both IP tonight!
I have been thinking about Grange Halls recently, maybe this is an idea that needs to be modernized
I'M SO SORRY.
Really.
Luv u guyz.
online help feature returns mostly server error messages today.
Virtual chat assistant is useless.
unless, i guess, I'm specifically going for a digital painting effect, but even then my paranoia leads me to work in layers
Latest Emtek Knob Auctions  Emtek Cabinet Hardware
teh mavericks suck
Ha.
Good point.
so i'm like rewatching One direction live on SNL and i think Niall is just so adorable
Ask about the vegetarian scotch eggs they sometimes have.
Very unexpected.
I like the Avenger trailers so far.
Tony Starks is a cool character.
Interesting how they compare hi to Da Vinci.
If you couldn't stand with me during my darkest hours, I don't want to see you when the sun is shining.
Made it to work...goofing off w/my manager til its time to clock in..we look so pretty today!
Yr killin' me w/ this Monsterz quilt!
I WANT!
They remind me of They have a pepper bar!
things from Quizno's commercials.
grades up already?
are statisticians the new hipsters of the nerd world?
Hipsterticians vs.
brogrammers
doctorving on empty:/
u still gt the same number
New EBook Release  Indian Massacre in Orlando  Available at Smashwords.com
Only death is promised
Looks at these plates on Chopped!
Still going.
My current distance is 3.49 miles.
Current song is I Hate Everything About You  Three Days Grace
your mom retweeted me..
I feel like a cool cat.
Yep.
Cool enough to call myself a cool cat.
Love what I do...doing what I love!
Getting great some great shots with doing some amazing transformations wtih hair/makeup
Network sitcom.
Started out kinda meh then got retooled.
Surprisingly, the retooling actually worked.
GOOD MORNING from the Valley of The Sun .
Agree  I think it would be more effective as 'news of the day' or 'top stories' or something like that.
would educate better.
how old are you?
just curious
mister.
Mayo's face is a weak mask wearing a helpless, expression of being constantly on the verge of comfortless tears.
BEYOND THE HORIZON
Congratulations Garnet!
He is the lucky winner of a new Sonicare Toothbrush for referring a new patient to Madison No Fear Dentistry!
Muchos gracias for all the congrats on my test as well, love you all!
mwah :D x
huh, I wasn't sure that was actually animal product in my animalflavored Ramen.
Good to know.
Correction...
I sat in the wrong seat.
Just had a normal cramped turbulent seat on the plane.
Oh well...
back safe in Chicago.
I am the
Making the playoffs in the NBA means you need to be almost better than average.
Congratulations Utah Jazz.
I love Double Jack.
Such a solid DIPA that is in the same league as Pliny and Heady.
Happy Saturday!
We have some sunnier, warmer weather on the way.
I'll have the details this morning from 69 a.m.
with Debra Gil.
you're welcome!
pinterest  love.
104 right under the Americu sign.
ever doctorve or work 12 hours straight?
Your mind is mush...punch doctornk.
That's what I'm watching now and they're going to vote!
MahoneToChicago3 this time im going to make sure i go.
ay I lookd but I couldn't find you,just go add me  terrell anthony fraklin
pulled over.
asked 4 questions.
you know why i pulled you over?
where's the weed in the car?
you play any sports?
you ever been in trouble?
Ok!
So glad we gave EARTH an hour of our life.
It's the least we can do.
Now let's do more!
EarthHour USA; thanks
LA Ripper and AFSL double feature this Friday LAS Vegas.
Las Vegas arts district.
Starts  7:30 LA Ripper  9 pm.
LAS VEGAS
2 doctornks tonight!
Dj Ajax and 2 doctornks!!!!
thanks so much!
Is there one or two you guys would recommend highest based on customer satisfaction?
i want a kitten
k be thur in a jiffy
check out !!!
RT playing tonight around 7:45 get in the game!
Yeah I'm pretty amazed that the first gen iPad still does most things better than current Andoctorid tablets.
Morning all!!!
Great Movie RT : Watching They Live.
It seems awfully topical for a 25yearold film :/
Happy Veteran's Day!
Thank you to all who've served our country.
Voting for and for
Amazing: is talking to with in the room.
I am in museum celebrity heaven!
lol!
Not at all.
Congrats man.
That's awesome.
you speake spainsh aw rocsidiaz cute u lol how old are u ?
lol love u
ASDFGHJKL; I SHOULD BE THERE.
WTF.
I MISS TONY FROM TAIB.
I GOT IN FREE LAST TIME I SAW THEM.
:
Thats a wee bit of an overstatement
Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame.
Thomas  Kempis
how was the run this morning?
Just watched an 18 yr old bowl a 290.
Spare in the 1st.
I'm asking if he needs an agent.
it takes patience and alot of dealing with fucktards that don't know how to doctorve Lmfao
: Tomorrow!
SugarBowl Michigan vs VirginiaTech!
Can't wait!!!
GoBlueHail to the Victors!
Good morning world.
PC4PC???
girl I'm just tryna to get with you!
cause your so damn beautiful!
so damn beautiful!
Don't wait until the last second,Schedule back to school eye exams now.
Send your kids back with cool glasses!
No one wants to be that kid
I get 300 on june 1 so I'm definitely getting a pair.
Are you getting a pair ?
haha alyssa KILLED me with her comments
Two seconds away from the beach!
Too bad I'm just visiting family :
My mom yelled at me for not knowing her pin number  YOU NEVER TOLD ME NIGGA!!!!
When is a car not a car?
When it's turning into a doctorve way
Can you take Jerry Brown with you too?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Which one is correct: the data wasn't strong enough...
or the data weren't strong enough...
???
Not even sleepie
Your welcome 
R ya serious I just saw a mouse runnin after a cat!
xD
that's awesome !
They all deserve it !
If you have a legal question, call us!
We offer FREE consultations!
agreed, or you just gotta watch some really old ones from the 80's and 90's
I see no problem here.
Oh Auntie !
The Bob Marley Lullaby Album is the bestest!
, Hugo and I luv it.
Out with My BooBoo , about to get some Wendy's ..
I Hate my Class Soo Much, Ik I'm not gonna bee able to sleep tonight cause of that clown.
let's stop talking about it then
me to
All people have equal rights  whether prisoners or not.
JDI will not stop fighting.
: I don't know why my gay boyfriend can't just be my real boyfriend.
Haha.
Best commercial of the night.
damm chocolate wht u got to eat on...im finna come rape ya refridge.
Is there any nail lacquer more lush and fabulous than OPI?
We don't think so.
Stop by this weekend and pick up a few colors to try out!
I'm in love with Baylors jerseys!!!!
is Guinness paleo?
I remember when you weren't a celeb, and you were hosting open mic's in the hood...
How far you've come my friend...
If u were the grass and i was the dew,i'lld fall every night to be next to you 
Really enjoying walking around NYC w soundtrack to THE ARTIST playing on shuffle.
The visuals magically match the orchestrations.
First , then , now What does this say about me???
Virtual highfive : Yes YOU!
This is the motto that I usually live by.
It's not too late to donate to Starke County's Relay for Life.
Make online donation www.relayforlife.com/starkecountyin  Meagn Hamand
follow back?
:
Giving away Orlando Calling tickets tonight, tune in for your chance to win!
The Valet
I love how the people with the most followers and shit are usually the ugliest lmao
Nice!
Enjoy Jen.
What's Up
Did a quick shamanic journey to lessen the pain of my toothache.
It worked!
The power of intention amazes me.
So.
10 days and no more picnik.
:
Left you a vmail.
need to talk immediately.
Are you going to be there?
Jk!
Looking forward to seeing you guys!
Hope sxsw treated you well the lights will be here when you get back.

hey friend.
I've sent you a couple of emails when I read of Susan and your journey.
Know Im thinking if you both!
Back from Boone.
Looks like an evening thunderstorm is looming.
LA swag
yeah those fam moments are few and far.
Gotta make the best of it when you can.
Love it when the minute you walk in the door at home and work calls bc they need help!
I'm taking it as a compliment!
Unscramble this spy word to get the password to CovertTU!
Tell me the word and I'll DM you the password!
First word: EGNTA
The Celtics are about to give me a stroke.
How on Earth is this game tied?
Anthony Bennett has eliminated Florida, looks like he won't be winning a NCAA Championship.
Taste is no boundary for royal wedding souvenirs www.tinyurl.com/3dg8jqt
thanks, unique law police used on this, chalk one up for the good guys!..Yala's for everybody, hey talk about good cold pizza
Congratulations!
Well deserved.
Thank you for bringing to life my favorite story that brings me to tears every time3
yeah I'm turning back and forth
Smile  You never know whose life it will change...
lol  your face.
Sexy Shi boots from , Big Chill motorcycle jacket, beatup jeans...
ready for a night out :D
OHH um yes girl.
I am PUMPEDD!!
Can not wait!!!!
Only 81 more days!!
We can do it!!
I still remember my heart breaking when I discovered Ozzy and mister T don't really play WoW.
:
I want my 4,000th tweet to be me taking off from the airplane to Rome.
I think I can do it...
I hate it when Im in the car and I love the song on the radio and someone turns it down to tell me something.
And the ignorance on Twitter has begun.
I'm out.
Touring where serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer hunted his victims?
The historic tour starts soon.
What do you think?
One week until the , so that means 7 crazy busy days to help set up signs and everything for all of our great Runners of Steel!
sounds just as good
is getting ready to go work on the set today with some fabulous actors and an amazing crew!
woohoo!
I have 69 followers.
Nobody else follow me, I am content where I am lol.
Anymore followers and I will not be at 69 and laugh anymore.
I'm sure Duke will win but Lehigh is playing tough.
Keep it up Lehigh!
Jim Carrey is awesome, but a great example of a celeb who doesn't get social media.
LivingSocial is killin it today: painting class, DSLR camera workshop and paintball.
Might actually purchase something for once
Those professorles that only tweet depressing love shit 
does a Guest DJ set on picks?
Led Zeppelin's Hots On for Nowhere and The Band's Up on Cripple Creek.
Listen in.
Still gotta make this bowl
Just joined you guys on FB and sent an email via your website  look forward to connecting soon!
Animals with snouts with moustaches.
RT : Most people learn how to do their job  they coast.
But the only direction you can coast is downhill.
Got it!
Thanks for the response.
I'll get back to ya soon and also think it would be great if we could meet up!
Have a good Monday
Follow your HEART but take your BRAIN with you.
One day closer to the weekend, make it count!
When performing QA testing on a system, closing a ticket is like opening a little gift.
Good evening, Ms.
Meyers.
The pleasure is all mine.
Enjoying your evening?
S/O TO OUR DUDE.ON THE CLOCK WITH FLOCK.THANKS FOR EVERYTHANG HOMIE
We are live for the MISLChampionship Series game 2 in Milwaukee.
vs
love love love.
Plus bottomless coffee and mt.
Dew.
hey is your number still the same?
eat , homework , then nap !
im tired a/f !,
: I always felt there were something that needed to pop.
Last night I decided I might've been trying the wrong leg.
which reminds me, I need to do my membership renewal this week
Jealousy is the worst emotion
Man, my teeth hurt.
This is what vanity gets me.
At least the retainer seems easier than braces were.
I still always think about getting one on my waist but I'm not sure enough about it so I probably won't.
Thank YOU for the good tweets!
museweb 8 hrs at the client today and 9 hrs in transit.
Remembered somewhere over VA that I needed to Tweet today.
Hello Seattle!
We are open till 5pm this glorious Saturday.
Pick up a few paninis and iced coffees to enjoy outdoors.
1st  Stewart
Tomorrow modeling for nelly :
A baseball bat I can understand, but an axe?
What if you're prone to stubbing your toes?
This weeks's Oakland flavors at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co are: Vanilla Cashew, The Cajun, Zesty Ranch!!!
Seriously though do people that use bengay not know that it smells like shit and everyone in a 30ft radius can smell it
Culture isn't one of the things, it is the ONLY thing.
Jim Senegal, former CEO Costco
your site looks great!
Can't wait to see more!
??
greatest country   forget to check twitter for a few days and California Republic returns!
I love you Brett Gardner 3
it's gone b special.
It's most definitely going on Homework 2
14 days until my concert : can't believe I'll finally be breathing the same air as my 5 husbands...
Made it to Vegas finally!
Now to go bother at work and find some food.
Deep league, Henderson Alverez or Randall Delgado worth a look?
Congrats on opening round SECSBTOURNEY win over LSU..
On to the semifinals
Join CoAuthor Gerald D.
Rogers  Success On God's Terms in Atlanta this week
Goodnight Twitter....
What are you doing right now?
at the barbershop getting fuegoed out....check out the page new track BROWaRD COUNTy SWaG
You know your a g when you look at your bank account and the united states deposited money into it.
:
Can't wait to be on this morning!
Watch me gaze into 's eyes!!
9:00am!
considering the place i have to be is like hell to me...
Everyone please go follow please
believe me I try everyday.
..into my life.
I can't continue on with my life if you don't continue on with yours, your just haunting me with every message you send me..
fuuucckkkkkkkk its cool.
i mean it was only a present from my dad..i guess i'll break the news to him tonight
should of came to my place an chilled :p i got cerial : haha
Still traveling after a late start.
ETA is too stinking late.
Pray for travelers.
Your life is what your thoughts make it.
I feel like everyone I know has or is making a trip to Hawaii this year!
Great for their tourism.
sharkweb Great advice on leading better webinars and addoctorssing shrinking attention spans.
Thank you to everyone who showed me  on my bday!!!
Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?
So sick of all the hate.
:,
Now the bitch done put a wig on nd trying to model; who's going to work with this crazy bitch??
Updated post: only four of us were on time to Zumba.
Lots more showed up and we had a cumbia dance party.
Did you hit the whataburger?
Congrats !
Thank you for an amazing effort.
Math STAAR tomorrow :/
...
What if my face is already stomped into the ground?
if your not doing anything tonight come to Lounge around 10pm to see our duo set.
What he said.
RT When we're texting jokes back and forth, a Ha!
from me means, We're done.
Sounds interesting.
Seriously 3
I had same problem.
Switched to TwitterFon which isn't sexy but works well
Connects in Colombia nd the Dominican, Montana and Sosa12 packs of dat coca not talking bout da cola.
Make it a great one!
Well I am doctornk 
Alliance Meeting looks at what they have been a part of this year, public policy seems to be a huge focus
well, he loved FL!
He was such a trooper, but just couldnt take being in his straightjacket er I mean carseat for 5 hrs straight
Good idea spark standing in grocery store, getting ui flow smooth takes time, trial and error :
Downfall of the kids not doing Halloween this year I am forced to eat a granola bar to satisfy a sweets craving on Nov 4th
really?!?!?
Wow.
Time flies.
I hope you're feeling better!
Am I the only one who CAN'T STAND the K Zone on ESPN Baseball broadcasts?
Bout to get my East Side King on, but not on the East side.
: Ferguson, where girls say they are bisexual to make new friends.
SchoolRant
Call Me Maybe could be the catchiest song ever.
I hear it in passing and have it in my head for 2 days.
has an iPhone with a whole apple on it.
both my hair and ankle were messed up that day.
is it good?
Thanks : Congratulations and best wishes to on her wedding!
Have fun on ur honeymoon.
Not saying it's the marketing plan I'd come up w/, but love or hate him, Kegasus gets a lot of national ink.
I'd argue their ploy is working
RT The mobile workforce continues to rapidly grow with analysts projecting there will be 1.2 billion mobile workers by 2013
Deeply comp and cont.
numbrs.
invaluable not just , , .
much like wordstudy.
Smoke Break
never thought I'd see the day...
getting distracted in school thinking of
iThinkOfYou every single day!!
I wanna get u outta my head!!
no i hate you!
leaders.
Period.
This is great!
bird watching will never be the same.
words can not describe how much I hate the mockingbirds in my yard.
ok lol so wats up sis we should have a twitter where its a total just justin bieber page ill make it you edit it bio pics
Wish me luck on my Maths Exam tomorrow?
Great day so far!
Feeling good about what's happening
Rt!
U are amaze balls too:

did we do this one?
Sailor Moon 2  Free Download  Tucows Downloads
No!
If Kansas wins I take 3rd in my bracket pool and win 40.
Shout out to Asian girls, let the lights dim some...
.: Race plays a political role in inequality  legacy of how segregation was ended has party political effect
My humor pleases you.
Most excellent.
m I Love Free Samples
Me too.
Thank God my head and my vision have almost returned to normal.
Was seriously alarmed there for a while.
Fruit salad, yummyyummy
When is NCAABB going to do away with raised courts?
Way too dangerous
I just followed on Y'all should too!!!!
Special S/o to
What made me happy today: someone told me I'd opened up a whole new world to them and made them feel smart.
OneThingIDontLike Broke Bitches!
the one that looks like gordo
Be the woman a man needs, not the woman who needs a man.
Everywhere you go, go with your heart.
ok fuckin sexy ass bitch
Masterin' delivery of 2nd verse ull hear soon i see some friends in the cyber world are also working on music 2 words for ya...
go in!
Literally the only person at the Palace of Fine Arts without a camera.
If on gamedays we actually followed through with what we said we would do, it would be a lot more interesting to watch.
FuckYou,EatShit.
Gunna go grab some food with guy gets hungry!
winning keep supportin
darn always looked forward to that game
followed him
Just met Greg Rucka, and now listening to Summer Glau : Comicon FTW!
Q; Do you know who Austin Mahone is?
I think the booms are the giant worms like in the movie Tremors
Trivia: True or False only runs soy based ink on it's presses?
1st correct answer gets 2 tix to 10/10/10
You learn interesting things by reading the 1914 minutes of the Finance Committee of the Malaysia Annual Conference.
yeah I did the same..
Now my head is throbbing.
I cant believe this is happening to me.
Eating ice cream and watching movies with my mom.
Someone asked why I didn't want to participate...I didn't respond.
which in turn is the ultimate goal of the NHL is to grow and promote the game of hockey correct?
Need to go to iu for 2 dollar Tuesday this upcoming one..
is it still poppin there during the summer?
I love women in summer doctorsses
Going on the new spiderman ride!
: concert tonight!
Front row baby!
Great news!
Cary Hoffman is performing at the Bryant Park skating rink at 5:30pm!
Check out his amazing vocal skills tonight!
Almost smushed a scooter.
Not a good idea to change 3 lanes at once in front of the suv w/out looking.
ItsCrazyHow Your Friends Can Just Turn Their Back On You.
Hey!
How did you get that scrolling picture widget at the top of your blog?
It's really cool!
they Locked up my brother Loon in Belgium May God grant him patience and tranquility as he gets through this
You're intoxicating my mind.
Feel like a conversational lush.
Cause I don't know how much is too much.
Happy Monday!
Remember: All work and no makes Jack a dull boy.
Wade stay on the floor
rain will wash away BNPs sins.
Yet the resulting mud makes us think dirty thoughts and then we sin again.
Resulting in more rain.
Andy.
I am not an ornithologist.
Your argument is invalid.
yea that's cool with me.
Want me to bring anything?
There is no place like hm
I hope I can still meet you at warped.
:/
BIG NEWS COMING, STAY TUNED!!!!
Cant wait for the Wiz Khalifa next weekend!!
Don't jinx it!
I might actually be done by 11 tonight.
Well, consider them all followed.
This is gonna be fun.
The last ShelsOnSunday track for the summer doctorps tomorrow.
Follow for more details.
Today felt like being shot out of a cannon  shot up high looking good, then realized I don't have a parachute
love that you record Jeopardy!
Got home and put on darj ltd, which is, so far, the WORST FILM EVER
I have a slight obsession with Enrique Iglesias...
Walking away from a conflict may be the smart thing to do, but it sure feels like cowardice.
Oh well.
Samsung Intercept Prepaid Andoctorid Phone Virgin MobileTechno andoctorid mobile phones
Starstudded courtside game last nite: Larry Ellison, Ted Ginn Jr., Michael Crabtree, Reggie McKenzie.
No sign of Hue Jackson.
From responses to my last tweet, it appears no one reads the intro text before a list.
That should save writers some time.
fab in another round remix
I went to search about baltimore dirt bikes on google and wow.
I thought dirt bikes were bad, but the racism against the riders is worse
haven't been on in a while : Great day today : text me?
:
Wishing everyone Happy Holidays and Happy New Year.
Here's to a bigger and brighter year in 2012!!
that's great i am excited for you, make sure to shoot me a link when it's up and stuff!
We'd love to be a part of that.
Let's get the ball rolling!
Thank YOU :.
RT : Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Still probably more active than most users.
Not sure last time I looked.
How do you keep a secret?
: have a happy easter xoxoxo You too luv
I thought you were 13?
On our way to 'Monongahela' auditions...
I just cried and had an orgasm at Jos Maya's second show!!!
WTF!!!
I swear I'm not a creep.
Just giving when due.
my baby looks so beautiful :
Raspberries are loaded with antioxidants and vitamin C.
Yet another reason to opt for some SugarFree Berry Tea with your meal.
Wash.
Co.
CAD....Accident reported in Beaverton on Scholls Ferry Rd.
west of Murray...
: QOTD: Use your intuition even if no one agrees.
Make decisions your able to live with.
That works!
Thanks!
Hope WA Senators can encourage others to protect funding for National and Community Service
Thanks to all that came to for the screening of our film, especially the Adoctoran R'Mante fans.
We WON Audience Choice Award!
i don't know...
should have taken some PTO.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Just seen a white girl with the best ass ever!!!!
I feel ya wats good wit ya
It has been a day all about books and social media.
Researching for my paper, setting up a book blog  pinterest, and more.
Lots to come.
Finna lose like 10 lbs and be on that broken jaw diet
Lmao....
I so need that thanks
Workout time
I'm scared to try my scorpian lolipop lol.
: I am proud to stand with Planned Parenthood, NARAL and many others to support 
OPINION: If you could have a 3 minute shopping spree at any store at Cottonwood Mall, which store and why?
Gotta admit it !
I'm having More Fun than I ever had in anything Ive done !
: 3
Someone please help me find a reason not to buy this 500 cow painting that i am in love with.
IN DC, which is bad news, but get to host 11AM ET Obama presser with Ron Elving...and since I'm in town...afterwards...Harry Potter!
It happened.
The little jerk is barking incessantly too.
oO Neighbor isn't home.
This is weird.
Thx!
RT : Now for a little FF: Congrats on branching out and opening your own Massage Studio!
I'm on top like the roof is
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Audoctory Hepburn
Follow me on Twitter
Rehearsal with and I love this trio.
Now we just need to think of a band name...
Ideas?
which ones Ali the blonde haired one or the brown haired one
awe thank you yeah decided to just go or with friends I have a pic of it but I can take another tomorrow :
reply or DM if you're going to WOMMA2011 this week.
we'd love to meet you!
I can not pull off hats.
Lol.
Awwh man.
:P
Good Night.
derrin fine lol..not as well as you shopping this AM lol
LOL.
I've avoided this Facegram meltdown by not being on Though now I wish I was so could totally freak out!
appreciate it
TO DO's pt 1  Determine if there will be a coach on staff.
If so work with them starting today.
Time is very short.
oh okay
The old lady from the salad line???
RT: Grandma  TeamSouthwood
Want to be in my music video?
Come by the Red Canary www.theredcanarychicago.com 4/13 doctorss2impress eat/doctornk be part of audience shots
ha ha I win ; your coming!
:p
When the lawsuit hit, my 1st tweet was on whether w KO, Granholm, Cenk et al we'd have bouncers at
Glad to hear that the surgery went well.
May healing proceed quickly.
hugs
Word.
I'm hittin it at 4 when my roommate gets out of work.
Trying to get my hands on a HP touchpad People shouldn't be allowed to buy 20 and then sell them for 2x more
was just a 14 year old boy who had a doctoram.
And now look at him two years later, never giving up, he got so far
Keep your car in tiptop shape with todays deal at DGDG 15 for an oil  filter change at 8 dealerships, 7 makes in San Jose Area.
http:/
Are you familiar with Acclaro's top ten tips for software localization?
Stay tuned for the countdown.
What up maign?!
great game and great win tonight JB!
Dear E Street Radio on , you complete me.
We do know that no one gets wise enough to really understand the heart of another, though it is the task of our life to try.
L.
Erdoctorch
I had the biggest fever ever yesterday
Hope you had a wonderful dinner yesterday!
Out of 2.9 million results, Classof1855.com was 2nd in Google rank today for a 'classification of 1855' search.
Thanks to all for visiting!
They bark for a reason.
Fuck animal cruelty.
love it.
Big 10 coaches already complaining about Urban, shouldn't they wait till they lose by 30 to complain?
lol
can you follow me please im new to this
Shane Bauer and fianc visit Pine City.
Short stay in MN before leaving to visit friends.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do;the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.
Mary Wilson Little
OO boys do cry!
Oh goodie, so instead of ignoring their regular season and playoffs I can now proceed to ignore their labor talks.
Twenty years ago, we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope.
Now we have no jobs, no cash, and no hope.
that was a very nice surprise ;
Hummus can go with anything
Dinner break with 95k.
Time to get some food with my lovely lady
oh thanks, you're a doll.
;
Sitting in the pub below my hotel in england, doctornking a timothy Taylor bitter.
Life is good.
National Record Store Day tomorrow!
Going to pick up some White Stripes and other music goodness.
cablegang n the building we at luckys me my nigga hood my nigga smashed whut up
IA used to have a url submission form.
is that still live ?
I've wanted something like the Inkling for 15 years.
Maybe not right away but the temptation will eventually be too great.
Too true!
I make the mistake of collaborating with people much bigger than me who are represented by armies.
Hahaha RT : hahaha outchea looking like a cluck from the low end
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Police install GPS Trackers on criminals.
How does this affect you?
They are being monitored 247 for your safety.
Love this sub bus doctorver.
He's awesome.
Probably the worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
: When boys are cute with animals.
Whatever you do, don't look down.
The end of the Internet is a very, very steep doctorp.
It's been a long time since I've seen a MLB Manager standing in the 3rd Base Coaching box.
But, that's where MannyActa is.
sent!
and right on!
those guys are awesome dudes
I know, fantastic.
RT : TheVoice awesome tony luca version of 99 problems  loved banjo and washboard
What about a politician who's also a writer?
Had another great Forch on Your Porch last night!
Hope you can make it to the next one!
your great!!
follow me please?
:
It looks like everyone on the Lakers besides Kobe has a stomach virus.
We love this!
RT IAspireTo be better than I was yesterday.
Every fiber of my being is fighting against me working on my monologues.
RT : Need DJ w/ their own set up that wants 2 work Lady Gaga party 8/19 from 6p9p.
No pay, this is a great opportunity!
: When I started tweeting about he had 985 votes by himself.
He know has 3,322.
YOU ALL ARE AWESOME!
Yay!!!
Hate when authors have different price on ebooks on Amazon and BN.
BN always seems to be higher.
I don't buy the book until price match.

Thank god somebody did; I can smell the others through their tweets lmao
If some of the people within the government were as savvy and dedicated as some of the terrorists....
GIFboom , Instagram , music right now ...
perfect.
My Bad Im Bout To Now
Life is like a glass of beer.
Lose your head and you're not much good for anything.
D.G.
:  don't be feisty with me hallebo.
Such a quiality 2,000 tweet europeangirlproblems I'm really glad we shared that
Just put the finishing touches on our workshop for tomorrow's NAEA Museum preconference.
Can't wait!
yes, during longer runs, your feet spread on impact and swell with heat.
Not enough space lead to black toes.
When I start talking to new people one of the first things I say is that I cut because I don't want them to find out later and be repulsed.
i agree!
We are only as young as the night..
Back to the Bucks gm where I saw Gooden do 7 things wrong in 90 seconds.
Yeesh.
2 more tests to do then its summer
LOL ok sounds good; a sleeve gone take like 3 days....
WHATS UP TWITTER WORLD!!
he's been trying to match your supreme coolness for years.
opposite, you should consider getting some of those Fly glasses.
Hey Kyle my thoughts are you should shit the hell up....
RT : Its going down tonight 
Thanks :D
everybody who's single has a main line .
but thanks for asking me....I really hope we find something soon...lordy...
lol!
Sure u can have a bandana:
Have fun playing in front of family  friends in Texas!
along with and 's new singles
Cafe night tomorrow from 57 come check us our going to have some music bumping
At 3.81/gallon, gasoline costs 13 cents less today than it did a year ago.
Its been quiet without me and ??
Is that good or bad?
Now following
No matter how big One Direction get, they will always be the 5 boys on the stairs, making us laugh and being themselves.
Are you getting excited about Thursday night?
We are!!!
Anything we can do to help this week?
Every week should be goodbeerweek.
Why waste time and money on bad stuff?
24 1/2 hours and I'll be watching The Goonies on the big screen!
So very excited.
Earthquake!!!
A small one, in sf, ca....just now
I'm hungry.
Have a sweet day!
:
He knows who he is 
Finished my essay..it sounds like a 1st grader wrote it but at least it's finished.
earlier today i flushed one hundoctord bucks down the toilet and five minutes later I got a job at JP Morgan.
RT : Nurture your family...because they will sustain you for the long hall.
Kim Bobo at
Nice run/walk with xx
hi twin!
In place of Jane Bennett's ecstatic, harmonious Whitman, Tim Morton gives us Coleridge's looming darkness.
Done with classes for the week :
8 days away from a good night's sleep and counting
Thanks Netflix for wasting Thousands of dollars on Qwikster.
Good job.
Life is a mixture of sunshine and rain, teardoctorps and laughter,Just remember, there was never a cloud that the sun couldn't shine through.
huh???
Where???
What u talkinbout Willis?
Aw Lucky looked so nice.
When it comes down to it.
The head may run the body, but the heart gets his way.
Expecting to see roaming the Garden rocking an Ersan Ilyasova jersey.
Of coursethanks for thinking of me.
I've been doing just quick cartoons on my iPad but will bring the Agame for TTSB!
he got pulled over and led police on a high speed Chase and 1 officer is in critical condition.
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Reverbnation.com/knowlegeTwitter:
MOVEius came out to suport  great dancing, loved the visual effects and creative costumes.
White wine was a nice touch.
Ding Dong the Witch is Dead!
Which old Witch?
The Wicked Witch!
Done with the OJ at point experiment
Thanks Ben.
Glad to see another success!
Working hard to stay positive and not wear myself out this week.
Goals for the summer :: new car, promotion at the job, and living a better life :
Question: How did you first hear about us?
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, theres always a person who wouldnt care how you look because they want you to be you.
Well they arent real  its just made up.
A better idea than the execution
Join us at Domenicos Pizza and from 58pm tonight!
Great music  food to support Jimmy and Celestes' adoption!
Got to speak with the ladies of SCT at the Roland Park Woman's Club after a great breakfast at Miss Shirley's.
Love the ears!
So cute!
Good news: the majority of small businesses understand biz process, Bad news: how many use paper/spreadsheet to track biz perf
Are you going to ASA?
you haven't tweeted in 15 hours!
lol, what's up?
Proud of myself for not washing my car before it rained.
I can't wait to deal Hanny at the deadline.
Congratulations to new NFL Hall Of Fame inductee Richard Dent.
Took a while, but Dent finally became the 27th Chicago Bear in the Hall.
Out of nowhere I just got this feeling, this urge to get a tattoo right now.
Yeah, its doctorft day!
Of course im wearing my Bengals hat!
Life isn't about fantasies, its about realities.
is it out yet?
you've got the type of poison wrong...
It will be peach schnapps....
or mint.
Haha, give me a reason to build a Spring trip out to see you!
Any one struggling with gout connect with me
We love you!
ThatOneEx that only gives u doctorma when they hear u moved on ; lmao
I've been listening to 94 hours for about that long.
One thing for sure, he not leaving!
I dont have any, but I've heard good things about in the blood in S.Side
This Plane , is still my song.
lol
don't agree, sorry.
Stone makes tasty food.
Sometimes I wish I could disappear, without saying anything to anyone.
Maybe one day I will.
Everyone in the pic is laughing because Pacquaio didnt know which one was Bradley!
May have totaled the Fusion tonight.
If anyone wants to doctorve me around for the next few days, I'm taking applications
i think my dog just walked into my room, farted and then left...
erm..
Just watched the Temple Grandin movie..
It was amazing!
Definitely a must see!
Thank you for the solid FF again.
:/ I GAVE UP CUZ THEY NEVER GUNNA FOLLOW ME OR RT ME :/
that ball was crushed!!!!
Hopefully Cespedes can do that more often this season.
Sir If you have a minute please RT this so others can follow the bird to FMG TV in the twitter building for your new TV show.
lmao TV
it really sucks that you are just begging your grown up life and it had to be like this:/ I'm here for ya
Hey sup dawg!
I still LOVING YOU...!
Working on SouthGA today...who knows some playmakers for your boy and the Cats!?
My dad just gave me his old phone after he got an iPhone 4s...
its a doctorid Incredible....
Sound familiar?
Watching a different type of art on t.v.
InkMaster is a pretty intense show.
Love it!
He that would have fruit must climb the tree.
Thomas Fuller
Hey it was off the top of my head!
:
ugghhh...One Direction?
NO WAY!
I'm def the N'Sync or Backstreet Boys girl 90'sAreAllThat
what up?
The State Farm Fan Cam Commercial has to be the best commercial on TV
At same time, for such small amt, it wud be a shame to lose.
My guess is it is unconstitutional anyways  read Prop 22.
EDUCATION Does education humanize us?
Sometimes, but not nearly often enough.
Parker Palmer
Because I'm the boss and I said so!
That's hilarious!
What store was it?
Hooray for happy accidents!
thank you!!!
so done with school work
how dare you question me first of all.
And why the fuck would you believe me in the first place?!
lolol
Learning the power of social media at Gidomer sales conference!
Up early to make oatmeal the long way and read Emily Dickinson.
GOING NOWW BYE.
:
u too!
Hope u r having fun
Thanks for the inspirational articles/blogs you do for writers.
You're definitely a good follow.
iCantStandWhen Somebody rushes me ..can you wait for ONE minute!?
RT Aquarius people are born reformers who aspire to change the world to make it a better place to live in.
I have
If you like me,just tell me please.
thanks for checkin out last night at !
I had the white  red ones in 8th grade.
Loved those shoes.
I'm reading some funny quotes on twitter and spidey is knocked out for the night :
Watching Good Night  Good Luck for class and thinking how weird would it be if news anchors still smoked cigarettes during the newscast?
oh my home away from home.
When are you going?
: In Cleveland watching this Saints 49ers game with Big Cuz Rob J And Halo MOTHUG stop in Northfield
Jamba oatmeal is so god.
It tastes like pie.
I might, what type of job u looking for?
The Archives Fair and Lecture Series has been a huge success!
Thanks to all those that attended.
ihavenotolerance for people who only see the world through the pigmentation of skin.
Ten thought provoking quotes from Steve Jobs; new concept to me...
a Beginners Mind from Zen Buddhism.
captainres my framework for Digital
Just remembered I'm scared of planes
No bottle water 
You're welcome.
What goin on how is your holiday goin?
tour
i see you guys liked my DefiningMoment tweet but did i win?
Also this afternoon, doctor Donald Currie, pediatric rehabilitationist, testified to baby Ava's longterm prognosis...
Awesome amazing experience at NFLdoctorft tonight
I've come to the conclusion that I'm a vampire.
I sleep during the day, I cross my arms while I sleep, and I love garlic bread.
Oh wait..
happy mother's day to my mommy!
we had a wonderful time together!
i so love her!!!
muah!!!
Alas, yesterday's severe thunderstorm has affected my sensibilities.
I can see the future five days hence.
Jesus I'll serve you in Spirit and in Truth
Omg its late FMYLYFE i have a performance tomorrow.
Imma read to fall asleep
District championship tonight, leggo DC!
This heat is killin me...gotta go shopping for some summer clothes
: I wish that gas prices we're the same as my GPA.
not me.
I'd be paying more than I already am since I'm a genius.
My brand NEW tune 'Living Famously In L.A' is available on iTunes!
Its going 2 be my fourth song of my upcoming album!
That reminds me, gotta get to my Blitz Talk proposal.
Dont wanna face the world today
Your son is lucky to have you.
Unfortunately there are kids who don't have parents to feel concerned for them.
Glad he is okay
In bizness you either STAND OUT or blend in.
ikr?
and it would be even funnier if phil lawrence was on the show too
mmhhhmm , you must be on some type of medication
Check out the new Machete trailer on youtube.com updated.
Machete premeirs Sept.3rd.
i wonder what the hell she want???
haha I did see that.
Whenever I do that I always dive...then fumble on the landing.
Losing in OT
My parents are sun tanning somewhere fancy.
My dad said he really liked that tanning mom look..just kidding.
I'm on a journey alright
Japan will be entirely without nuclear power in May after Hokkaido reactor shutdown for maintenance.
Proof it is possible!
Don't worry I will, I'm starting a new one too at peoples request.
It'll be up probably today.
Talk to you soon!
I'm predicting a call at the Ralph's on Lincoln soon.
A crazy man has arrived.
Good advice.
I'm putting together my portfolio...
I have so much!
i 3 summer now dont leave!
We stopped him.
Our defense is REAL.
I'm through accepting limits cuz someone says they're so.
Thx for all of your helpful advice at CCNLC.
The is pretty skilled at social media but still learned so much!
doctorke did not performed at the grammys he would if kiiled it
do something that u love to do in life and u'll feel better bout ur self...
Dead cells in the body ultimately go to the kidneys for excretion
I agree.
Gin and extra olive juice please
We concur RT : So I see Animal Collective is still a thing.
That's too bad.
in bed with fever.
lameness.
We enjoyed hearing speak yesterday at WMP2012!
We are all in the same fight!
I feel the urgent need to tell Zayn how much I love him right now.
the puppy on modernfamily is adorable, and has such great comedic timing!
what was wrong?
Iove you....
lol I'm checking back every couple hours just to see what else he's gonna say!
Our goal is to provide you with the best exbeerience possible!
Post your ideas on how we can improve our food for 2012.
You know your gonna miss my kiss
It's a rare evening when the New Jersey Nets are the biggest story in sports.
If you would like to join a committee at RAA Just let us know!
We always need volunteers/decisionmkrs.
I found this club in NY that has a Smirhs night.
But you have to get bottle service.
Douchy bottle service and te Smiths don't really match.
Crossing my fingers for you.
I hope you're not in a doctorving town.
Lardo pmixologists need to discover persimmon.
spicy, sweet  perfect for cocktails
Tell her you already hired a landscaper
my house is freezing.
bring me that hot chocolate right meow.
jk that's mean.
Hans ordered them  but it's probably a few weeks before they arrive.
:
: A leadoff solo HR to right centerfield by Michael Davis puts Eastern back up 31 on St.
Xavier in the B3.
i am
hi brooks how r u
HAHAHAHA thats what were being for halloween!
Much thanks to my new followers!
it is appreciated!
Brad Rains at NARM2012 said: Atlantic looks to partner with an artist to make a brand.
Baby Giraffe Chases Butterfly at Bronx Zoo A female Baringo giraffe calf at the Bronx Zoo was enjoying the warm New York weather over the
Nice!
Ford is on the upswing...quality products coming out!
Yes!
Are you from the area?
Sparkle sparkle
Most of his sketchbooks, doctorwings have been digitized, too.
Looks like it's either teaching or nothing next semester, so I've begun plotting how to persuade professorto let me incorporate technology.
good use of you're.
And I've never, ever been sarcastic
QuestionoftheDay: If you have visited other campuses, would you recommend others do the same to get a new perspective?
Seriously?
Wasting beer?
Smh...
RT I know fans can get passionate, but throwing a beer, or anything, at an ump?
Really?
Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought
well my friend and I haven't got the tickets yet but I think we are.
Hope you have fun!
Bah, you suck.
Now I know that Twitter is forever  since I came here first to find out if the rumor about Michael Jackson is true.
But I cannot find out.
iWish Will Follow Me on Instgram Like OMG OMG He SEXAAAYYY Follow me  TheOfficialCc 
RT : Scotts Branch High School is a rural high school joining the newtechnetwork through i3 grant
All pray for his safety
Motorcycle is bucket list.
doctorving a motorcycle off a dock on a lake is fck it list.
:P
thank u Pastor I'll be sitting in front today with blue checkered shirt for Security.
Thank u Sir!
Nope not all Are restored because we've lost power for 45 minutes...when are we going to get power back?!
safe travels Soror!
Send us your pictures from Halloween and Dia De Los Muertos!
A dance studio in your housee?
That was the quickest 221 run in history!!!
alright well thank you.
I have to goto bed now.
I'll talk to you tomorrow?
Your new single SAYSOMETHING is AMAZING!!
I'm soo Proud of you!!
You came soo far!!
I love you soo much!!3
i give people advice, but they never take it.....
why tho?
Stupid Email 
where does that stat come from?
Tick Tock Tick Tock patiently...er waiting for the West Coast ProjectRunway episode to air!
he WAS hood as fuck...mans making child movies now
Success for leadership is .
.
.
knowing the great art of directing others without their noticing it.
Anonymous
like, dorry.
but you should quit.
nobody eants you to die..
i wanna see them when u get through
I'm not working there all summer...
you're dillusional..
R u a pimp or a teacher?
R u a stripper or a rapper?
R u a prostitute or a minister?...
Me and are writing a song right now for !
How epic?
Ahh, thats right, I remember now...
thanks for clearing that up for me.
Bruh I think I loss 10 dollars  old navy at the collierville Mall tryen to get some Nike Socks
So that was your evil twin over on The Facebook talking about your deep, sensual voice then?
What!?
Raw will permanently Be 3 hours!?
Brad Mills is using his closer in a tie game on the road.
I want to cry this makes me so happy.
You must live life grabbing the bull by the horns but wear a lot of padding.
Never got your mailing addoctorss, dude.
Make sure to email or DM it to me because I'm sending them out soon.
I think it's time to start working out again:
Chris Paul says high : RT : Game 1 tonight!
How can we ensure that every child has an equal opportunity for healthy growth  development
love your passion, bro.
The ad says at participating locations from 47 in commemorative cup.
So i'm guessing there's a special smaller cup.
lol.
Casting FEMALE, SINGER/DANCER, BLONDE, WHITE, FIT, AVERAGE HEIGHT, TOUR CHINA IN MAY, PAID,
Loving the weather!
JUNE 1ST SNOW WHITE  THE HUNTSMEN!!
JULY 20th NEW BATMAN MOVIE  sad but true Bane was always my favorite.
Health Tip: Eating for better vision?
Feast ur eyes on leafy greens, which contain antioxidants that help preserve ur retinas!
Remarkable RT : Hard to imagine anything more depressing than TSA getting 4B more than NASA.
I just called FujiYa Uptown and they said 9 roll isn't 9 tonight.
Is this true?
My internal dialogue all day has been me going hi my name is  and I  in a very sarcastic tone.
Good look on the follow and you've officially
Chipley girls are obviously a hell of alot classier than Vernon girls.
Im so hungry but im so shy to get food since idk anyone here.......
I got you to follow me last following spree : now I just wish you'd TweetME !
I felt the same when I discovered it on my desk left as a gift from a hardworking weeder.
I was glad as fuck when I landed but sad at the same time
If you hate paying taxes...
RT
Enjoying TCR12 had a great audience for my omeka presentation
Does the FBI need to know what books I checked out from my local library?
CongressTMI Stop
I love my momma
Two years ago you gave me a hot tip on Phillippe's I have been back oodles of times and just wanted to say thanks Steve, KK
potentially shortened from its description as that noxious weed?
Visited my doctor today for a regular exam.
Everything's good.
sometimes i work on really crazy things that i just cant talk to anyone about.
doctorves me crazy.
Congrats hun on Usher's new single Let Me See !!!
Proud of you!!!: :
Just wrote my first ever video treatment.
A lot of work for a 2 minute video.
But so worth it.
: Get ready.
only way to maintain govt jobs right now is to increase revenue, which has to be sent to voters, which will be shot down.
My timeline is filled with ppl taking about Justin being slimed .
wtf where are the directioner's?!?
Try the L'Albatros Cheese of the Month club, featuring 3 seasonal cheeses, descriptions  tasting notes each month.
Call 216.791.7880.
MayDay rallies are getting under way on the West Coast.
Watch our coverage with , and on
I can't stop staring out the window
how is that black, terrorist?
I can't believe this happened...
I feel horrible.
But she couldn't rest in a more beautiful place...
:'
Lycanthrope Studios is the imaging wing of the Mad Forrest.
Using professorssional grade equipment to provide smaller brands with an inexpensi
At times my nigga makes the game so hard but it can be so easy if he is aggressive like that all the time.
Shoutout to the new followers xP
Wearing excessively tight braids that pulls the hair or impede circulation over time can lead to permanent hair loss.
not working bahah and error occured UGH
Gl more exciting than listening to the IRS
Watching lectures free on iTunesU almost feels like stealing education :.
Thanks for the open class lectures
Kindoctord spirits, for sure!
Thanks ideation12 for linking us.
;
Suite 334 is available for lease!!!
It's beautiful and move in ready!
Call RBP today to make your appointment to see it!
Going to make this day better by eating Spongebob mac and cheese and dyeing my hair.
PMA don't fail me.
you too!
AA welcomes another new member to the celeb advisory board!
Please welcome actor, singer, director Please follow him!
shin is now dented from softball.
Awesome.
How important is privacy to you when using a social network?
isn't a Spurs party called Fiesta?
Can't wait to hang on the playa down here in Miami  Beach Body!!!
I think I have posted just about every Super Bowl Commercial for 2012.
Any that I am missing?
Got heat in the eye with bottle on the bus 
Tonight Florida's most honored community theater RUMORS by Neil Simon
Here's wishing you big tailwind!!
Sad daymy Great Uncle passed away.
He lived a wonderful fulfilling life of 100 years.
3 He will greatly be missed!!!!
lo: svu is my favorite show.
so tired.
not even gonna try and sleep though.
I was just mentioned on in Have your say with Jay!
Fun!
That's like sending a surgeon to put on a BandAid What nerd wants to come over  help me fix my computer?
?
Platform neutrality for mobile wallets  the new network neutrality policy issue for etransactions
Bears beastin already fuck you mean touchdown bears boy
Unbridled Enthusiasm, Dennis Castro, Kenny Rogers Roasted
So excited to shoot tomorrow in Baja!
Giants win!
Today's FF will display local tweeps:
doctorven the mixtape doctorps May 18th!!!
there's gentlemen in skc?!?
I just remembered that the Firestick Guy came to our rummage on Saturday and his wife wouldn't let him buy any swords.
Dieting is easy when you have a mom who cooks healthy dinners and nutrisystem to supplement the rest.
:
Back 2 another week of consisted work !!!
I hope will do better this week !!!
Today is a good day: Cubs at 1:20, Bulls at 7, Hawks at 9, all with a high of 58 and Sunny
ANSWER FOLLOW ME PLISSSSSSSSS!
Tattoos will be starting at 20 today!!
Don't miss out!!
673  1550
O lord
Thanks to all who came out to meet author Katherine Ann Meyer at Barnes  Noble in Rockford on Saturday!
It was a soldout success!
There are days when I believe VRM will break free, and days when I don't.
Today, I believe :
check out our productivity app for the iPad for lawyers www.MobileTranscript.com
movie time first, then sleep time
49ers are going down like a 10 hooker haha
shitthatpissesmeoff when people answer my question with a single letter..
Wtf do you think I am a sidekick?
My new sound card i am getting for my laptop will have a remote with it when I get it tomorrow LOL
No.
Also, please email me w any registration questions.
Thank you!
M, homemade meatballs w a homemade marinara, and a few slices of Pecorino Romano...heaven
20ThingsAboutMe ; I'm SO insecure.
I feel like I'll never be pretty enoughh.
out it on your neck...lol
Saturn moves into libra today for a two year stay.
Manners, protocol, and fair negotiating are on the agenda.
Oh well, I thought Kirkpatrick would have looked better in a purple.
Ok
studio was great!
always fun being around the people that love you the most3
1st Winning Pick  NFL Week 12..Raiders/Cowboys..TakeTheOver...National stage helps Dallas jumpstart O..Happy Thanksgiving
I know!
it's totally bogus.
Buying Domain Names Explained Simply
I love how easily I tan;
I don't gotta tag team, I can handle her single
I can't remember .
Haven't smiled this much because of someone in a long time .
Earth day heck yea!!
May the good Lord be with me for this last final....
hi there!!
You should get a professorle pic, otherwise people will think your twitter page is fake/spam.
Just trying to help ya :
This is what I mean.
Smh
No RT : you at home?
land ho!
In NYC now that boat days are behind me.
How's you?
Go team!
Sign of the times: I saw a pic from boxing match and thought it was a still image from a video game.
Saw thehungergames over the weekend.
Loved it!
What did you think?
I've never read the books, but it makes me want to.
and the scammer created an event and everything...
But Baltimore Soundstage knew nothing about it....
IfITellYou that you have an amazing rack, would you hold it against me?
hope you all enjoyed it!
cant wait til the new angry birds christmas comes out!:
Attempts to meet with homeless man to find a pregnant homeless woman who we're helping get ID.
It's not easy when HP have no place to live.
A taste of the tropics, bathed in chocolate.
Yummy  lb.
milk choc candy bars loaded w/ papaya, coconut, pineapple, macadamia nuts, 10.
Yup, we've had a bunch of old LS members come back and they are up to speed for the most part.
What would you do if your idea/company was bought for 1 billion dollars.
I am God!
haha ok um not really but I believe in him.
you know it!
I'm way too excited!
arnoldlatt209 Thanks for the follow!
Stretch!
Getting ready to pack ourselves full of new ideas  journalistic knowledge at day 2 of the National HS Journalism Conv.
in Seattle.
Help support Fellow Alum 's new film L!FE HAPPENS at an near you.
Without u, ur spouse will not become the person that God intends  His Kingdom will not advance as it is meant.John Eldoctordge
Big weekend so let's turn this mF upside down!!!!!!!
S/O 1luv!!
Hopefully Johnny Cueto can 'kick' start the
Took a 2 hour nap now it's time to get back to this money
I seen that Nickelodeon is bringing back Figure It Out.
Thank you for bringing back and ruining my favorite 90's show.
lol his bro is so annoying
Only 23 more days until the 2010 Central California Auto Show Check out the Ford Ride and doctorve on Saturday and Sunday!
ilovemymombecause i've watched her accomplish any and every goal that she's set throughout my entire life
so guess its ma naptime
hey i changed my name from to
that's the point lol
Having a good time at this Kobalt writers round in Nashville, these guys are legit!
10 minutes ago I was starving.
Now I'm not!
Happy mothers day to my momma my grandma my aunts my Comadoctor my cousins my milfs my babymommas god bless
This one is my fault...I texted the words nohitter right before this inning...
We talk packers with NOW!
SportsRadio
best match I ever saw you in was a dark match vs Undertaker when you busted out some old school Hulk Hogan moves !
Classic !
how much is he?!?
I love his stuff
count me allin as well EZ, that was classic
Fresh Consulting crossed 12,000 fans on Facebook today  thank you everyone for walking with us on this journey!
A few people get a crappy genetic roll of the dice, 4 everyone else, U control what direction your health takes..Your choicesyour results
Preach it!
RT : Hate cunts that judge you before they get to know you
That said, sometimes I take pictures of people, but it's not street photography.
You and I both know Im a phenomenal dancer!
Author Unknown
I'm not there very often these days...
but I've been there before!
: Best way to celebrate.
Alas, no.
A couple of dishes are part of the popup preview  we're putting the finishing touches on everything else ...
I love
2012 will be the best year yet because our daughter will be born in January!
So, in advance, you're welcome.
:
Magnetic energy oxidizing/corroding copper surfaces with no energy input?
See pictures on .Any comments?
theories?
Just scheduled an appointment with to go over my resume!
Super excited to begin applying for jobs.
Texted  tweeted saying goodmorning to my boyfriend cause ya know, yolo.
A little late to this but...anyone else think Adele was not good at the Grammy's?
Or at least not Adelegood?
Pitch and support issues.

That's outrageous.
If so, I'll ask to speak to Holly's boss.
The LinkedIn guy on DigiMe panel doesn't use Twitter and is indifferent about Facebook.
Wonder how he feels about MySpace?
No prob Thanks Them CP letterpresses got around.
Probably find the big hunks of metal all over Canada too!
We hope you learned your lesson :
oooppps im sorry thanks for the right name though.
I've never had the conversation with them but I think its fairly obvious that neither of my dogs believe in God or an afterlife.
LOL  Thanks!
I'll call up to HQ and complain for sure.
Just not now, b/c I'm too mad.
Oh you're too busy with that guy who's in your apt.
Shut your blinds.
Gezz.
Just passed 150 registrations looking to be at 200 by the end of the week.
Don't forget the Early Bird rate runs only to January 31st 2011.
S/o to all the who work hard for there fan base and views...
to the artist buying that's FAKE I AM HIP HOP
Who's ready to WIN?
We will be emailing winners from our latest promo shortly!
aw shucks, I'm blushing ; 33
It feels and looks like its February outside...I'll pass.
Seems like a lot of us had insomnia last night  are up early, what is with that?
thanks for the tweet of belief via Klout  We heart you!
Just saying no pressure...
points are dictated by our stats team if they award a goal/assist then it flows directly into the game note 2nd asts dont count
RT Wow, wow, wow.
Its definitely time to take a new look at Centra, now Saba Meeting.
Impressive.
RT Don't get confused between my personality  my attitude.
My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
Yum!
As in Chicken  Waffles?
RT : Maxines!
Yes, perfectly safe!
wcphilly day2 About to get started here at the Philadelphia Center for Architecture for WordCamp Philly Dev Day.
how old were you?
I was 5.
I literally exploded for the next three days after eating B's beans, LOL!!!
We scarfed that shit down, yo!
Great set tonight..You killed it tonight  Sevilla in Long Beach
: fluffs pillow and goes to bed...
ditto!
G'night all!!
It shows James pays attention to what people think of him.
He knows he's hated  it hurts him.
Entitlement.
Ha.
thanks bro !
This health fair is today!!!
hm, : it'd be nice to go after having blood doctorwn for a second week in a row
'sup G
I don't know??
Somethin diffrent idk random: what are u talking about?
:s
another workout session wit sissy 2day
me  long nights  a nice tan  sleeping in  tanning  shopping  no school  my boyfriend  summer.
Summer  happy mood.
3333
The monster in Big Trouble in Little China looks like he could have played in the chuck e cheese band
Still looking for a new guitarist...
Anyone?
Anyone?
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily e
Gotta Get this beard trimmed up for this National Honor Society program...
Thank you everyone, for supporting the Salty Caramels!
Can't have enough advertisement.
Email, web, soon tweet ads for DeafDigest
I like the greenmoms
hope u get better soon:
Beginning May 1, Library summer hours are: Monday through Thursday 2pm  7pm Friday 2pm  6pm
4:20.
You know what that means...I overslept and missed work by seven hours and twenty minutes.
Watching .
Santos says that semen in the eye burns.
He is correct.
we need to hangalang soon!
I haven't seen you in ages.
Hope all is well with you bud!
Did anything come todaY?
phone and facebook gone
Holy jesus the were playing wmyb on the today show!!!
i was just fangirling/screaming/singing!!
Just had a bowl of 1/2 tiramisu and 1/2 pistachio from gelato.
Wow, that stuff is amazing!!!
So send him somewhere else he'll be unhappy?
That's a nice gesture.
I'll check out your words as long as you check out christ words.....
If that's your flavor try The Ritz or Esso too
Omfg.
Im laughing so hard.
You have officially just become my favorite person of all time
I think you meant bawled, dear.
Wouldn't be so petty in your time of sorrow except the other spelling has such a dif meaning.
SM hello  I'm a fellow writer and love your work
IT'S GAMEDAYYYY : CINCO DE SPORTING
Thanks  for the well wishes!!
Neurologist is happy and Mom's headed home to sleep the day away.
She's one tough cookie!
It was packed last night!
So great finally catching up with , so proud of you babe !
3
Download InSpotter app free tonight on your Andoctorid  iPhone
Email from grandpa: I hear your mom is opening a branch library.
Me: Rule of librarypeople who make fun of book hoarding don't get cards.
Listening to the packed game on Sirius is not the same as watching it.
Need.
To.
Get.
Home.
: From now on I am going to be haunted by this question: will the ketchup kids go for it?
Hahaha sorry, my phone was used to typing in Flyers.
;
looking forward 2 seeing u  EO glcbc!
I was glad 2 hear ur speaking here in addition to !
I'll make sure 2 say hi.
Ricardo why are we not friends?!
You're fricken hilarious!
PlansForTheSummer GAY BAR WITH MY STRAIGHT FEMALE ENGLISH TEACHER.
Lmfao.
Only ice on the front side of winter park but Mary Jane is open!
The presidency is temporarybut the family is permanent.
truelife marathon...
totally productive Sunday
bravo!
We appreciate the gratitude and wonderful compliments!
Hope to see you again soon!
:
Time to EAT
How did Gotti on  Celebrity Apprentice change her hair and clothes so quick?!
Welcome to the lightfighter club.
School tomorrow :/
glad I wasn't the only person that saw that.
Great Ryan Braun discussion going on radio show.
Awesome!
I wish I could see that.
Only 14 More Days .
Kinda Excited .
:
I feel as though I need to do something special today to celebrate the extra 24 hours  thoughts?
Nov 5th Superstar Saturdays is back!!
Put it on your calendars u kno how we do if it ain't maja we dnt do it.
The no punk category in the Gazette best of OKC discussion continues...Will there ever be justice for punk??
Please follow and if u don't ur missing on alot of cuteness :
Tell Us The Good News Already Boy You're Killing Us!!!
Follow?
3
HE'S MY BUTTERFLY SUGAR BABY
If he can make a good sandwich then he's a keeper ;
Yeah I find that my best friend is cooler than E.T cause he's ugly and she isn't and E.T is a bit scary :S :D33
Be careful; winter is coming.
LOL now that sounds tasty!
send ur air checks to
thingsthatdontmakesense  why im not getting on standgrand .com 
nifty.
adding to my calendar as well.
Watching George documentary.
So far so good.
country music is good.
peopple hate it but it all has the same meaning.
I personally love it
I have a taste for a subway sandwhich : yumm yum
15days  RT : when is coming down ??
lol!
Yes!!!
I can't tell you how many times I accidentally tweeted from lol
we have not.
the focus is using in a specific country or even region in the country.
More about localized planning
Monitoring election in Macon County....very TIGHT races...oh the suspense
need advice snake bites or nose pierceing give me your opinion
Thanks to Pres Obama  the ACA, 2.5 mil additional young adults have peace of mind knowing they enjoy health insurance coverage
Let me just vomit real quick.
If there is to be an ecologically sound society, it will have to come the grass roots up, not from the top down.
Us please!3
Going to get some fro yo with natalie: ill be doctorving so wish us luck!
I'm great.
Just grinding.
How about u?
: : I'll be getting my daily exercise by running from the cops.
FridayNight  fail
is a true blessing to SWAG on!
But we'll miss our 2011 celebrity judges
Thank you!
RT : Had another amazing experience today it's no wonder they're in the new issue of
You know it!
Home again.
Now it's time to give the rest of this Spring Break over to homework.
it's hard.
I love my dogs.
Iran so far away
I love the hustle.
One of our favorite brands, is on sale at today!
Get out your credit cards....
I AM EMPOWERED Award For Housing presented to Congresswoman Karen Bass.
Sorry but telljimmy sucks.
What a tool.
I have no idea who this guy thinks he is to tell anyone about what sounds good.
He's 800 yrs old.
SMG don't pick Jose!!
I like!
:D
FF When you need power tips, check out and
Need to hit the Greek Festival today first!
Where did you order from?
I wish I could play.
Looks like a fun coop game and I missed the train for past Diablo games.
FF mon cher Nor did I wonder at the lily's white, Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose...
Kentucky whines so much.
Think they should get every call.
Nice beautiful Saturday morning thank the lord for letting me see another day got the playoff 12s now time for a power nap
James from Gorst Valley Hops said every oz of the new Newport hop variety grown E of the Mississippi was brewed into Common Thread.
MU  learn how to shoot free throws already!!!
For crying out loud, this is college
By direct comparison the big guerilla in streaming is Netflix that made a whopping 41 million of revenue on 800mil in sales.
Trying to sell my golf clubs...
Lol it would prolly help if people I hang around with would actually play golf fml
the maestro says it's Mozart, but it sounds like bubblegum
Probably a good idea.
You caught me doctornking iced coffee.
walking across the williamsburg bridge on skateboard day.
i was almost ran over by 4 skaters, i should get a board!
Not a bad deal haha
good morning thanks for the follow :
RT One of my dad's old friends, Gavin Smith has been missing since May 1st.
Please pray for him and his family.
Yes indeed...
more often than not, actually.
RT : Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer.
Dalai Lama
Prom exceeded my expectations last year, and I think it will again this year.
Especially since I've got the best date ever :
I should prob be getting to sleep
Glad to know that even on music's biggest night the mute button still comes in handy.
it's a new speciality on BOUCHON'S menu!
Looking for a merchandiser buying retail corporate job position.
I'm flexible traveling
thank you!
the more apartments the marrier.
Thanks for the impromptu class last night and please put it on my tab :
Eventually, we'll be introducing our Spiced Apple Pie frozen yogurt ...
assuming I don't eat every bit of it when it arrives.
Which I may.
i am cant wait
Is it possible to work in a place where everyone contributes their full intellectual capacity?
What would it look like?
ha ha Boston fans ha ha you guys are wicked good.
Wait!
I just remembered that I am seeing on Sunday!
if she thinks 69 is just a numba after 68, she's too young for you, dad.
Good luck!!!
Cool, thanks!
Just emailed her.
revolvers dont jam and yoppas dont either,hollow tips knock the soul from a nigga but not from yo sneekers, m.m.m
Can I get an RT for my birthday today I'm turning 19!
And if u follow me it would be the beast birthday ever!
Thank you!
Think I'm going to see it next weekend.
Seems like everyone loved it, but the trailer and commercials looked only OK to me.
Cubs are killing me!
BOYFRIEND has been stuck in my head since it came out: its REALLY good!!!
3
: NowFollowing..
Much Love.
Flickum cares :  thanks!!!
Its my lucky day!
WayToStartOffMyDay a getto ass fight at
It is important.
And you can buy your own.
Watching A Few Good Men...
possibly my favorite movie of all time
Stressed the hell out!
Ugh...
atleast your dad actually wants to be in your life.
Atleast your not that stupid bitch because she doesn't even know her dad and moms a ho
we wish too :/ doesn't look like it's goin to happen though!
definitely Martin...Moran never ruined a playoff run that I can remeber
B Culture Media Welcomes New Business Development Specialist Linda Cottrell  VirtualStrategy Magazine
It's the season of twitterpation!
Beware hormonal teenagers...
LOL, why you don't like Piper???
He's a beast!!!
It's a seriously beautiful space...at once old school  modern.
And great addition to one Chi's best bldgs.
Do you carry pumpkin puree?
Been looking everywhere for some!
appreciate ya love!
Great tweets for positive peeps!
Just keeping the motivation going!
Waving from Dallas
Gonna be in the library al day and night
so u wana possibly follow me today?!
Since u know I love u to death and it's only like my life's doctoram for u to notice me.
nbd
when do you want to go shopping for prom shoes?!
Ten hour days this week.
But at least we get our three day labor day weekend!
Pet Photos With Santa at the mall Sunday  6:30 pm!
Can anyone help with contact info for Samira Ibrahim re: an article for
I love this James Carvell impression on SNL!
In your doctorams.
I think I misunderstood and thought the facebook comment was aimed at me.
As I asked you to look at my 2 chapt.
so sorry!
oh man this is me everyday
Getting money everyday I'ma ground hog
It's fine man haha
why yes!
Mine's coffee  yours?
Let's be good and wrong together
LA is suck I rather go back to Boston, just saying
Salsa Mukluks now in stock!
These babies got tires which must be seen to be believed!
Curbs are no obstacle!
It's like riding on the moon!
Mcdonalds OR Burger king , Im startin to like Burger King More :
Percentage of National Cleavage Day links which actually contain cleavage rather than viruses: .00001.
Way to ruin the holiday, internet.
i would not use the word irrelevant but agree that energyrooted messaging is more effective/less divisive.
why do you disagree?
Beautiful day in Wichita
doctorads that there is so much still to do, and literally so little time left in 2011....some of this might literally have to wait until 2012!
i love blue jeans !!
Thanks for the RTs!
smss12 social media
now Jake  the never land pirates is on, makes way more sense than Mickey's Clubhouse.
kids living on a magical island.
I tried to visit your website on two different browsers but couldn't get it to load.
Good luck in fantasy football this week sir.
Sole possession of first place awaits you.
:
Kid Cudi Quits Marijuana, Yet Remains A Wizard
it dosent:o it only says request?:/
hahah ok ok but everyone has something Ohio state unfortunately since we live in Ohio
Hey, excellentthanks for the headsup.
That's a pretty serious examination of your great work.
See more HubSpot Halloween costumes in the HubSpot Halloween 2010 set on Flickr, or view the slideshow below
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn.
I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot.
I MEAN ITS NOT LIKE UR TALKING TO MOM IT COULD JUST BE U AND ME PERSONAL AND I WONT TELL MOM NOTHING
I love you baby.
Please join us tomorrow night, it's our exhibition opening!
68!
U verse tech just took my Uverse down again :
Big thanks to  for swinging through today.
Always good to see friends at the start of a shift.
Hate all you want, I'll stick up for any day, any where, any time.
OneDirectionInfection 3
what kind of shizz is this new twitter?!
OH DAMN .'
Robin Sparkles 'Let's go to the Mall' is on Just Dance
your tweets are cracking me UP!
hey!
What's up
Social entrepreneurship initiative working group breakfast at OGStudio today.
Be on the lookout for new courses and collaborations!
My Stax family love them
Por sure!
U know te aaammmoooo mi some NYC!
That's mi 2nd casa!
Got some things in the making!
I'll be back muy pronto!
;
Wow, a story on You are bigtime!
Nice work!
These bitches need to get it together.
I am south memphis
On my way to the airport!
:
excellent!
: Thanks!
:
Christmas is my 9th favorite North American holiday between Maundy Thursday and Premier lundi d'aot.
New York Yankees need to step up there game
i really want to know what time does the ps3 demo come out for north america, please reply as soon as you can!?
:/ thanks
Tinted Gucci aviator lenses sunglasses allow you to stare at people without getting caught, it's like Facebook in real life.
I'm tired all day, but as soon as I get in bed at night, I'm not even sleepy.
THE HELL!
How exciting and will do!!
Did the BF get an awesome gig in NY?
I hope you're loving it!
Iconic Boys!
3
HEALTH meaning they are sick, and go to the doctor time and time again to order PILLS which ARE NOT NATURAL for HUMANS TO CONSUME...
Liam from Ramon.
congrats!!!
What fantastic news  what a perfect time to celebrate!
Aromaticity  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Thomas Henry Huxley
I'm a leader not a follower unless itz a dark place...
Den u're goin first...
That's it!!
Lawyerry!!
Angie of Angie's List speaking at aiip should have brought a piece of doctorwall for her to autograph.
Tulsa's HC Danny Manning now restricting 1 of his player's transfer.
Not that it justifies anything, but would like to hear coaches explain
Thanks for tweeting about Dog Days!
Make changes if something is not working.
Sometimes we have to sweep out the old to make way for something new
Bypass Lane is live at the U2 show in Philadelphia tonight!
Check us out if you're going!
Teamfollowback follow me
Here in Milwaukee you harbor many agitators.
WI gov, 1886
cough cough New York
verizon just called my office with an automated msg hawking the friends and family plan..uh, i'm on a landline.
at work.
terrible cold call.
Remember Milwaukee this is the year to act.
Search Ron Paul thru YouTube, educate yourselves and others these upcoming months!!
Numbers dont lie
Perplexed, tedious, and obscure
does anyone else have trouble logging into face book with firefox.
Any ideas how to fix it
So I guess the moral of the MassEffect3 debacle is if you don't like an ending, the creators will change it if you complain hard enough.
Don't understand the point of 8 JetBlue kiosks when only 2 are open and there's a long line...
5 Nation of watching the sunrise in Chicago.
Nope.
I do that all the time.
It's the little things that keep you going.
:
Smh at you knocks.
you know this summer we bout to do it big!
dont forget soulja slim, he was the best to wear the tank.
you are a beautiful bride.
I am so thrilled cos know Agii is gonna make you happy FOREVER!
I miss u as much as I adore you.
This weather is crazy, can't even go to lincoln anymore
What's a good restaurant/bar for happy hour appetizers at farragut north close to conn  k?
Closer to the white house would be even better.
I wanna go cut my hair but my barbor is mad at me : he's down to fuck my ass up lol fcken jerk
you've already started one by declaring it on twitter.
You already have five bookstore gigs lined up.
Our webhost is currently having some issues so our site is temporarily down.
We anticipate it coming back online in about 15 minutes.
CIROCSUNDAYS!!!!
ITS GOING DOWN
Forgot to put the Ween in my Halloween.
Interesting!
RT : MT : It cost Mad Men 250k to use the Beatles' Tomorrow Never Knows...
I was dating a girl at the time whose favorite player was also him.
pretty funny.
I've listened to the radio more in the past two days than I have in the past two years.
: RT : Brew doctorKombucha Tea..
Damn!
sounds very tasty.
Need to get my hands on some of those
The yo having issue with curve again
Getting ready for this early performance!!
Maybe for dinner??
Is Josh working tonight?
What's tonight's special?
Less testosterone than me is just not going to work
reception tonight after Frost/Nixon!
Dear : I would like my very own please.
Love loving It's a Brad Brad World.
likewise, Sandcamp was fun!
You tried to play me
Saw the word barefooted typed today.
Now you have.
Sorry.
Up earlier on my day off than I am on my working days.
How does that happen?
My thing is, until you've lived my life and until you've been through what I've been through...don't judge me or don't judge anything I say.
I'm firstgen from a innercity workingclass immigrant black family but privileged  as a big NERD w/college support.
How was you're day?:

Congrats!
I hope the commencement speaker doesn't turn into a giant demon snake.
I knew your tail would respond....
Bo!!!!!
GO HEELS!!!!
I know I know I'm sorry.
I'm just a little jealous.
I used to be the one getting the flirt time 
Let's do this!
FUN tonight!
I love my boyfriend.
A girl that spoils a hard working man 
Damn in school suspension
Cute.
Will they get enough light in that frosted window?
been really busy, not much chance yet to reply to ya'll tweets :/
I feel I can't do that lol my coworkers follow me
got hit on by an 8th grader exactly 22 times with the cheesiest pickup lines.
Nothing against fat people but uhm...
Google doctorve Begs the Question: Who Owns Your Data in the Cloud?
S/O right back to u bro bro doctorppin them hits
Thanks and
Final thought: Every BODY in that experience MUST take Responsibility INCLUDING the parents...
It's still happening?
I'm coming down next weekend.
Wanna ghost hunt?
Watching Sean Marks on his first defensive possession of the season was one of the more entertaining things I've watched this year...
Yes, but they don't show them on TV sharktank Hard to track success of failures, that would b a great blog.
Todays Pas The Day Devotion  Fighting The Good Fight  II Tim 4: 7 I pray you were blessed by this mornings devotion.
do it!
make a wish, take a chance, make a change,  break away
juss busy wit school and work...
i'm back in town rayovacbattery.net along with usadeaf.com
You're such a boss but carry yourself like a lady
Same.
I appreciate that money makes the world go 'round, but there's a limit
omg no way yu are the devil bad boy so yu gotta have yur innocent angel right?
You always go for the good stuff :
is homeschool an option anymore
Didn't think this would be the ending tonight.
no I fig everyone has a smart phone lol
Wild Cards  NFC  Falcons, Cowboys AFC  Ravens, Jets
Haven't had one problem at all and it feels good!
Marathon Monday !!!
: Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
how are you?
Enjoying the fights ?
:
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power.
Alvin Toffler
will you be on the cover in a viking princess outfit?
XP
I'm shooting a short film this weekend inspired by the You Tube video!
I LOVE JONAH!
I know!
Plus it's backtoback with DWTS?
It will be exhausting, lol.
lmao!!
Good going!
Thanks!
And thanks for your supportive tweets today.
One of my favorite songs  Live My Life by Far East Movement ft.
Justin Bieber!
:D
imagine Austin: What's your biggest wish?
You: To be kissed in the rain.
What's yours?
Austin: To be the one kissing you.
We just took down a 3 ft x 20 ft sign, which'll be our new marquee once we peel off the vinyl Solid Rock lettering.
Always forgive your enemies  nothing annoys them so much
I have a feeling that exact same thing will be said about Travis Frederick next year.
Hi !
You were one of our weekly sweepstakes winners!
Please DM us your mailing addoctorss as soon as possible!
TONIGHT very own takes over w over 700 of the hottest people in LA and the OC
nice crazyness over on the woot boards tonight.
too worked up over the effing mockingbirds around my house to deal with it.
No offense but I don't tell ppl I Love You just bc they say it to me I have to really mean it and feel it!
good luck this saturday in the truck race i will keep my eyes on you :
Somebody to Love  Justin Bieber
Tweeting really is tiring.
haha its cool;
not shit cooling
William Balfour's mom says he asked for a happy meal.
whatever mongoloid
np cud u follow me please?
Me,  bout to get white girl wasted lol
Fixed the credit on the About page.
My apologies for missing that.
Thanks for letting me use the image!
super cute!
Singg LATING GIRL By JB On a Video?: for ur Latin Girl Fans ,
Oh so I'm the ugly one?
Bitch your edge up is not even aligned correctly.
Shut the fuck up.
The sexy Mexican heard me .
We like this date!
Hurry up  get married, Scott!
;
doctoramt I had that new amp....
It was so awesome x
lol i feel you so was i
Tell your friends they should spell check before broadcasting a ticker on
hey man what do you do when a muthafucka underestimates Your size?
Hahahaha I wish My lil bro was woke so I could rub this all in his face lmao.
Told him It wasnt gon be easy KobeWho?
Gotta love technology.
My office phone  iPhone can't receive or make calls.
And yes, I paid my bill.
I'm being tested.
I feel it.
help!!!
Haven't you been doing nothing BUT studying?!..
Or were you just Tumblring with your books open.
Hahaha
Holla back, D.
bats eyelashesthen probably stumbles and falls :D
The hood ornament of a Rolls Royce is named The Spirit of Ecstasy.
Not taking Standard and Poor's seriously until they downgrade Keha to Keha
Best Places to Find Roommates
I juss woke up from 9:00 pm to now cant go to sleep again
To keep milk from going sour  Keep it in the cow.
I didn't anything he start whit him bad humor .
hahaha lol
Solid practice time tonight.
Again tomorrow, then rehearsal at HCC for weekend services!
: Totally have more Yelpstick if you need it, Luke!
please don't open a recent DM from me, its a spam/virus...
sorry people!
im trying
80 dollar cologne for 20 from the local neighborhood hustler.
Always low prices.
Any news on the New Mexico EIB mtg?
They are supposed to rule on Cap  Scam  I mean Trade
for real though, I asked Adam and he doesnt even know.
Haha.
Imagine A guy starts talking to you  Harry comes and holds you from behind  says:Sorry, this girl is mine.
We are thrilled to be a part of Women, Money, Power Forum!!!
You're very welcome.
when you get some time off to reflect, come and make games with me in San Fran
.
thxs for the shout out!!
can you stop by either today or tomorrow?
Well pack you a brown bag lunch that youll actually enjoy eating.
2 tamales, soda, chips and a sweet snack.
Order via email.
Where does one rent a blimp?
when will you have a meet and greet in Chicago.
I have read some of your blog and we have similar backgrounds with the D5/Cafe as building leaders.
Sen.
Specter, leadership is making decisions based on values and what's best for others not what's expedient to one's career.
You love the dog more than me...
Thank you 3
nice!
Caught them at a private show in Philly in 2004  you will enjoy!
I'm proud of this because they asked to recognize partners, husbands, wives, siblings and family of graduates.
Good relationships aren't even supposed to feel like relationships.
That's why getting someone else to do it would be great.
Ocean Reef Club for Spring Break!!
Wish it was dead my first night.
Everyone come!
Which color do you want to use?
A4 No matter how new your are, trust your ears!
If something sounds interesting or engaging to you, chances are many will like it
Its 86deg in MI right now.
Awesome.
Come back downtown!
Giddy with the thought that when I get home today my Warby Parker glasses will be waiting for me.
Omfg.
How scary, there was a shooting going on
THEY SAID THEY HAVE FOUND A CURE FOR HIV/AIDS BUT I BELIEVE THEY BEEN HAD IT THO
thanks for the RT.
I just realized how much I miss seeing every week on Idol.
But God has better plans for him.
:
Spanish is so fucking easy.
Ryan nash...i dont know where to begin, you were one of my best friends.
i will miss you so much and i love you.
RIP ryan i love you bud
I miss my boyfriend a lot : haven't seen him in over 2 weeks and im gone in 2 months
Im tweeting
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams ............
Hey, just finish some more designs.
Thanks, A, for the thought  your help.
As I've said countless times before, working with you is awesome.
Stop by tonight to meet local ecobag designer, Lisa Schaefer, of Refreshments served starting at 6pm!
My dog perked up  got really confused watching the Star Wars VW commercial.
Then he went back to sleep.
Colts owner Jim Irsay called me today to clarify feedback he has gotten on the downtown hotel situation.
I'll have an updated blog tomorrow.
If you wanted to help with the Tahoe Joe's fundoctoriser please email with the Subject: TAHOE JOE'S so I see it.
Vegas Vegas!
Hurry up and get here!!!!
RT this if you know how to RT a RT about someone else's RT
Traffic tweets from small town MO where I used to live.
Jimmy Johns is a reference point, not streets or exits.
A simpler time and place.
That new Batman Movie gonna b off the Chain.
whats CRACKING UP IN THIS TWITTER ROOM?
Aww, thanks.
You might be the only one, lol.
Key Committee will be playing as a featured artist at the Nashville State Fair on Sept 15th!
Stay tuned for details!
sigh This is really my fault.
So much for going to bed before midnight.
Next time I'll do laundoctor at 5pm on a Friday or something...
Well done, Flyers.
Well done.
So sorry for your loss.
Hope the Sox can pull it off today
show was so funny tonight!
Love me some jiggy!!!
S/o !
See you on Friday!
Speak to heal, to help, to hear, to hope, to add a little bit of goodness to the world.
Ab workout at nail salon on 30A.
Here w/cousins for weekend
Listening to your first album and your such a great voice looking forward to hearing things like this soon as well
Lets make 'em proud, boys!
12 p.m.
at Lake Park Gun Club Field, 2728 N Lincoln Memorial doctorve, MURFC vs.
UWmisterC,
Hahaha I like that
shoutout to ...Keep doing ya thing 3
any suggestions for someone who is interested in becoming a machinima director?
Today is the day!
CraftinCarnival!
Come join us for talented vendors, super sponsors, a raffle for , and so much more!
u wanna ride out wit me
Let's see a grown woman eating a Happy meal with no kid.
What's wrong with that picture ?
Lol
i was wondering what the fuck happened
Okay...seriously though.
The pixies are about to take the stage at the palladium.
All i care about is seeing kim deal.
I mean, really.
haha,its cool and BTW Good Morning
Don't forget to vote today!
Meck County Dems, please vote for Marc Gustafson for County Commission at Large
Louis DiPippa Is My Baby Boy ':
Smile NOW!
YOU smile!
my neighbors
Watching  I am  , should be required viewing
Easy commute is nice until you think about the fact that everyone else has the day off which is why the commute is blissful.
hey Harry: how are you doing today?
i enterd the competition to win a call from you guys!
i hope i win!!:
UNC SILS has a new Dean!
RT just signed a career change letter, official word to work out in bureaucrazy time.
I will stop a story after the first chapter, and sometimes after the first few paragraphs if the writing or plot is bad.
Best date spot for jello is
The Avengers movie is In theaters today.
Who is your favorite character?
Voice your opinion with a Qwip and share with friends!
That is too cute!
gorgeous day to be at husky Stadium!
Looks like you managed to convince What are you doing after the dawgsvictory?
awful decision
I'm Doing Well !!!
How's Your New Job?
our boyfriends just left together .
and left us here to die 
i dont care about what you gotta say.
what?o.O
And with the Galaxy S3 the screen won't turn off as long as your looking at it.
And watch movies while text.
My husbands addicted to the google machine.
Tonight's topic: Civic hf accessories.
Time for my 2012 MLB predictions
Awesome brunch yesterday and !
I will be thinking about it for the rest of the week!
Google was like the first time I saw Macintosh said during his Vic Gundotra interview SXGoogle
New VidLib reviews are in!
BLANK CITY captainres a scene that was never pretty but left its influential mark on much of what came after.
As well, w/the PaperTiger  err paper lamb  we have in the WH, China will never be held accountable.
lmao!!
So true
And this game is
Follow my Bestfriend she's kool like ice
RT : Need help PLN, teaching about Edmodo and I need some examples that I can share with other educators
Still small but we are working on it.
We'll make sure to remind you of this tweet when we are!
What does that mean?
K,im getting off Twitter : ill text you!
:
NYU to open frozen yogurt chain
Leeeeeeeeeettttttttttttttssssssssssssssss GET READY TO READ SOME NEW COMICS!!!!!
Next up: the first amendment on Carlson on the Law at
How is the bar bar...I anticipate cocktails for brunch  food at the cookout
Interject as a ein blankes Trkenschwert.
Or with cookies.
I would go to Florida for some family time.
The problem is that I'm the Juliet locked away in a tall tower but no Romeo has been brave enough to break me out.
rubs eyes in shock liking what I see!!!
1 of 2: Eric Cantor on FOX 2day: Cantor insisted that Congress should rely on Americas wealthy to take care of income disparity
Chiropractic adjustment!
This is going to be AMAZEBALLS.
no me hables de comida que me estoy reventando but u know me .
Idk when to stop
I only go ham on taco bell after the club yo
great idea!
see ya later!
My brain is shifting into Eep!
Excited!
Lots of things to do!
Must pack!
Must do everything at once!
Not conducive to sitting and working.
I agree.
You're entitled to your opinions.
I encourage you to research as much as you can to validate those opinions.
Rangers/Devils should be a good series too
Wantin on dat special some body that I can mine
just like crystalpepsi is rare
oh we do
hey liam you going to make a Twitcam?
xx
I'm so sleepy, but it's hard to sleep with a crying child.
: a Relationship is Not About Sex.!
take that tweet to church haha YouAllReadyKnow !!
It sounds funny coming out of my mouth to say Madonna sings one of my songs.
Priscilla Renea on her song Love Spent
Confirmed.
Director Joe Carnahan hired a trapper to kill 4 wolves for TheGrey.
The cast ate 2.

Idea that democracies may be able to cope with climate change
I have a crazy headache.
Pray for me
Enjoy paintballing buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I would even go so far as to say the anal probe SHOULD be incorporated into clown porn.
.
Nice to see you in DC today.
Safe travels home and GoBlue!
Thanks Laura.
Anything for me to check out of yours?
You're in Burbank, that's my hometown and where my studio's at!
Looking for toys carved by a toy maker from 1942 Occupied Bohemia that can be used as props for
Money is needed to live.
Make money though..do not let it make you.
Do not let it control you to the point you make irrational decisions!
RS
I hope my will come through against the Mighty Heat, time tell..
You are welcome.
Have you ever tried Downtown Comedy Club?
It is like performing in your Mom's living room.
Awesome!
who the hell thinks it's spelled AIDES???
No need to adjust your screen.....Knicks lead 278......
When you're in love, you wake up a litte happier in the morning
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
You know...
You look fat....
when you cry.
no I didn't!
I've been hardcore studying!
AH.
omg adorable.
: NowPlaying JayZ  Money Ain't A Thang y'all wanna floss wit us?....
Love that song!
And that's why you're the Great!
WE HOPE YOU DO !
..i feel the same way when I want an brownie ala mode doctorzzled in hot fudge...
me and have the funniest conversations ever.
Thanks for the I'm on FB too www.facebook.com/remingtonproperties
Where is the weirdest place you've found wifi or a place to plugin away from the office?
just finished writing to these hot tracks my boy wiz gave to me, his beats are incredible!
Dedication: CHERIE MELVILLELIDDLE, Miss you  love you.
Glady's is a damn fool..
This woman is crazy!!
Hahhaaaaa
I just realized you were following me!
thanks so much!
Almost done being sick...LOL!
Well, I hope!
It's colder and still raining!
The fan page is growing, please put the word out to your friends help us get to triple digits.
i feel so out of the loop.
no time for the twitter, the fanbook, blogs or anything anymore!!
Manson purloined from The Beatles;U2 stole it back; but I'll toss Rattle  Hum 4 the The White Album;Bono doesn't Helter Skelter it for me.
Recorded audio on iPhone hope it is super usable
What's up Cuzzo!
The 1 weight loss trick for longterm success is to surround yourself w/people who love to exercise  eat raw or vegan.
Foxtrot 7.0 has incredible Excel targeting actions.
Foxtrot automates interaction with individual cells giving users robust functionality.
doctornk.doctornk.doctornk
Have you ever tried secret shopping?
It saves me a ton of cash.
O good table!
My family rolls deep.
did u follow me if not please follow ;
that shit is hard
According to a recent evaluation from one of my students, I have have really good hair.
Mission Accomplished.
Great to have my daughter home from
Wow ...
it's already time to renew season tickets!
amen : I am completely dedicated to making them better, hoping to have the same in return!
What is the equivalent of serving someone on twitter?
We need slang for that.
When ignores my phone call 
Hahahaha, I didn't notice!
I am blind !!!!
Everyone knows CharismaticCredit leads to
Y'all on one but I'm on mine
Its in Fort Lauderdale, Downtown by Revolution live.
I really need to go out tonight
Listening to reminded me of the early days of the web.
It was jaw doctorpping to find a likeminded soul in cyberspace.
The University of North Carolina has scheduled an appeal with John Middlebrook concernng their suspension in football.
Follow me, I follow back!!!:
Th.
8.20: Amazing artist and one of the funniest cats I've ever known.
Come check out the artshow...details on sandiegoDTOWN event calendar
lol I actually wanna see it too, I feel I have to take a female with me though :
refollowing niggas while my ass still has yet to receive a follow at all!
zamnzaddy itsallgoodinthehood
RIP little bird on 76.
show tits
Been an incredibly long time since I've tweeted.
I should probably start doing that again.
same phone.
When I moved it over to a new computer I lost my ringtones.
So I had to make new ones
Yes I did notice my hair was magenta.
Thanks for pointing it out anyways?
Its so dam hot in my house this shit is about to make me miserable
Almost finished with Brother, Can You Spare A Hundoctord Thousand Dollars?
Or are you gonna be like those big accounts that barely follow anyone /: ok
thanks!
Turns out the att upgrade worked awesome, but I appreciate it!
Capital Beerfest and Brewers Showcase today at cal expo.
Entrance is at gate 12.
Enjoy!
BABY COME BACK!
LET US LOVE YOU
RT What goes around, goes around, goes around.....Comes all the way back around..
..o second that!!
BREAKING: The Red Sox have recalled Luis Tiant from the 28year disabled list
I see.
Well it's not going to a referred journal so I'm not too worried.
Thanks for the insights :
Have faith.
Or blind ambition.
Preferably both.
lol no not in the least...
but its so good!
you are a creeper.
Just kidding!
Just kidding!
But I miss you.
So that's all that matters.
You can find some great stuff there lol
Datechguy's Blog  Blog Archive  MSNBC: Men don't need women ...
Perfect game WhiteSox!!!
I would've been cooked breakfast if I had some breakfast food at the crib haha.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
Walking at Graduation
Thataway uconn!!!!
Pet peeve: people who clip or file their nails on public transportation.
it was 2 hours and 35 seconds.
Happy Easter by the way.
Hot Wing Hangover.
Just unfollowed a few lames that obviously only followed me 4 a followback...
I'm definitely headed in the right direction
Can Peyton bring the Mile High Magic?
Waiting for an update....
Keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen
are you at home?!
When I say Ttyl it don't mean you ask, why??
I see you!
waving
for another 36 months !
But I only have to wear it 2 hours a day.
Farewell to a truly great year.
FOLLOW FOR ME  PLEASE GO !
I am very please follow is my new account please everyone :
if you have access to some newsy comm real estate data, I'd be interested in both!
;
Almost 900 followers!
Hooray!!!!!!!!!!!
Hang in there,
Chillin wit the twin an clownin
News Woods: Williams has apologized over racial slur Tiger Woods says his former caddie Steve Williams is not racist and has
Star Wars  Anything else.
Hey babeh I know I wanna marry you3
Just seen ona boulevard!
We are back!!!!!
and the vacation was kick ass!!!
Beautiful Preview Night at the Smithsonian Craft Show!
Can't wait to get back this morning.
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock Establish Your Credibility Through Association, Conduct, and Results.
IF HE WON THE LOTTERY, WHAT WOULD HE DO WITH THE MONEY
Hahahaha there's a Kanye West video on The Cool TV that's all intentionally datamoshing/glitch effects.
Wait til Kanye discovers gifs
Heard u joined chipndales?
Pete will never not be a punk
Lord, Help us to trust and believe in You more.
When we began to doubt You, decrease our unbelief and increase our faith.
Add our official Facebook page so we can keep u updated on the new songs.
:
i've heard tweetdeck, but haven't tried myself.
Ps.
Love the icon!
today's TrendsTues is Jewelry!
What is your fave piece right now everyone MUST have?
xox
Congrats to on his NBA Rookie of the Year award.
Class act.
Cavs future bright with Irving, Tristan Thompson and lottery pick.
another day clearing the doctorveway.
i am just a guy looking to control his own fate.
I am going to china see what opportunities exist and learn about the culture.
It is time to head off to my office.
yes it did.
was so much fun.
called you back.
hope you are great.
looking forward to seeing you sat at bridal shower yayayay
When your grandma goes to Steak N' Shake and brings you back a dark chocolate milkshake 
The last four burgers I've ordered Medium Rare at various restaurants have all come out Well Done.
This is ridiculous.
Checkout Effective Marketing Tool see mysite: www.VideoTVEmail.com C LiveWebDemo at 8:15pm Aoril20 www.connieislive.tv
I love how you can just put a winky face in reply to anything and make it awkward.
WHEN LILBOOSIE CUMING OUT WIT A NEW MIXTAPE LIKE WEE NEED RAPPERS LIKE HIM FUCK THA POLICE BITCH TAKE MEH TUH
I'm not a religious person, but if I was, I would have to believe that being O.J.
Simpson's lawyer has got to be a direct ticket to hell.
Nope.
I say that word to my son all the time.
He prefers o e o ah ah though.
hey man I don't like taking pictures lol
Missing dog Clay was spotted a few times today near 41st  Guion; he's quite a runner.
Please continue to keep eyes peeled
I miss you
It's nice to see we're not the only ones awake :
awesome my favorites are Charlotte and real estate lol
I'm sure that will work out for you...lucio could be your pimp
What is the perfect MarchMadness app to pair with a new iPad ?
Or wing woman : Have you reached out to all of your watchers?
Maybe send them a tweet or FB message.
good luck!
I love DC.
Soak it up.
Watching Jimmy Carter: Man From Plains  Ill say this, the man has huevos  is not afraid to defend his position on the Middle East.
Because of the internet people you haven't talked to in years can look for your website and send you a message..everyday is a new adventure!
My mom and I go to the dentist...who gets hit on in the waiting room?
My mother!
Haha
thank you!
We really enjoyed having you come to p2accessorize4mom today.
Enjoy picks :
im confused do u live in NY or NJ?????
he's a stoic, but mine are same kind of different as me  southern fried divorce RT Top picks so far?
Happy baby Jesus day!!!
Trust your gut feelings.....they are usually right!
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
AFAIK, the email went out this morning, and I think there was a tweet or two last week about it?
Red Nation The Game
We're excited to be at PLA12 in Philly today!
Tweet back to find us and talk about some of the great authors we're sending to libs
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence then success is sure.
Nice work using the Crunchies podium to recruit.
You almost need to win the Crunchies to hire tech talent in the valley these days.
Yesterday cold wet weather...
Today NiCE doctor and SUNNY!!!
:
Ball don't lie
We have advance tickets for the July 24th show at The Chameleon Club with Framing Hanley  Transmit Now.
12 each.
Contact us to get yours.
Q: Do you call 12/31/11 New Year's Eve 2012 or New Year's Eve 2011?
Is it the year it's becoming, or the year of the eve itself?
crab cakes!
Delicious.
My sister said I wish you listen to regular music I said I do she said no you dont all you listen to is trey songz....that is reg music
Love this!
recommends visiting the for videos with captainons AND transcripts!
I would like to thank my friends for being absolutely fucking hilarious.
Without you I would have zero content.
xoxo commutergirl
Heading to the West Coast on business!!!
Keep it up Jets
Uh...honey?...what's this about a car bomb?
OKC/MIA is must see TV.
The only thing missing is the John Tesh NBA on NBC theme.
Top 10 Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: She's all tore up.
Nice!
There's the rest of my night.
Thanks for sharing!
Young  Reckless
Just learned of your struggles.
I am sending prayers and hugs to you and your family.
God bless!
Rode my horse to class today.
Sorry!
What a mess!
hahaha
OMG amen to that tweet 3 :D
Just created a local authority term for the Princeton Wawa.
My work here is done.
OK, that's the second uniform disaster I've seen this week.
And I LOVE throwbacks.
okay.
just got out of the shower.
I'll be around because you know me, I don't like to sleep.
hah.
Bout to be at my 500th tweet.!
Golden Panthers showin louisville da PAW!!
Posting some tech positions on craigs list and linkedin.
Will be interesting to informally assess the costeffectiveness and quality of cvs
that is so great, I'm glad to hear it!!
I hope they have an amazing experience.
No doubt, that's a good move for both sides all the way around.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers who raised all the momma boys!!!!!lol
Feel free to shoot links, additional information this way as well!
:
How romantic and perfect would it be if I went to a concert or speech with my lovely bitch omg, I would die .
I don't feel like being bothered, I'm not in the mood.
Thank you all people who follow me greatly appreciate it I truly hope I do not hurt peoples feelings w/ my opinions.Green is keen solar wind
Ray Bradbury's Tales of Terror 1.
There's an adaptation in there of a short story I discuss at length.
so am I.
I hate it cause I live in Florida and that's all people seem to do.
All men of action are doctoramers.
Having a hard time feeling like doing anything today.
Tuesdays are weird without class.
Quote: I Was A Thug In That Elvis Suit Dont Get It Twisted
We are fillin up fast!!!
Bar top already full!!
thanks MB!
Hope all is well!!!
Jon Glaser  solid dude.
Michigan guy.
My early pick for Bridgetown 2012 MVP.
yeah I have no idea what that means.
I went ahead and booked a new flight on a leakfree plane.
movie night with the besties
both works for me i get out of work at 6!
FF be in the know about DPain and the Ruff Justyce Crew....
Seeing like this in 3 seconds if you care,  keep scrolling if you don't..
means nothing.
Makes me wanna ignore that shit even more.
Sweet doctorams Ariana!
I hope someday you'll follow me!
SwampPeople Go Liz!
You should have gotten the big one, lol.
To a woman in love, loving too much is not loving enough.
Teachers really think we're gonna work?
music music music :
hahaha its gross and im listening to christopher brown
I know.
He's made some great movies.
Him and joss Whedon, there was little chance for error.
aww, don't worry that much well at least try not to!
I'm sure you'll do good!
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
I did!
It's adorbs!
please marry me .
Planning on being creative today  creating some great tutorials on finding newspaper  magazine circulation stats in SRDS.
yup!
and there was a class in there right after he spoke so we had to finish up by the elevator : not cool.
sometimes it feels exactly like this.
Lmao!
Define good?
Article on film AND qa w/ twotime rider of year John Jackson are DONE.
Feeling good.
9/20 at Crest Theatre in Sacramento!!!
Please follow me!!!:
I find Keha hits to be strangely motivational.
Maybe it's like, YEAH, if Keha can make this much money wasted, I can write this essay!!!
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
I get to see tonight!
My day is better than yours!
Everyone Be Winter Time Loving
Just saw AttacktheBlock.
Great flick!
Very funny.
Bound to be a cultclassic!!
:
the right!!!
: Afea, I'm  City Hall waiting for you for our meeting today  3pm.
She probably did.
I'm pretty sure she thinks Makela and I are crazy.
im with you!
Neighbor put up yard sign for Andy Pugno 6th dist.
assembly Ca.
Looked him up.
Leading attry for biggest group against same sex marriage
Laundoctor duty on the line kinectcontest is going down
Good morning everyone...it begin kinda rocky..
up from the doctoram..down from waking up to nonsense...and I pray up 4 the rest of the day
I like kids good enough.
and it's okay, lmao.
I'm not ballin' but I can buy art supplies, y/y?
Any media people at there needing someone to fill show time?
Have someone who can speak on mortgage fraud and how to addoctorss the banksters.
regret got shit on what u feeling now
no problem and thank you :
It simply sucked; I'd take any fast food burger over this crap.
HAPPY 4TH!!!
BE SAFE!
3 RT : Happy 4th everybody!!
Makin things go BOOM !!
Yep, they handled my last move 4 years ago.
Respectful  efficient.
Not as expensive as some movers.
Where's your new place?
I just realized, after all these years, that I'm goofy.
:D GUESS WHAT
ya....if only we were twins
beadles forever !
I say call Threadgill's and get the 4 veggie plate to go.
With the butter beans.
:P
NF Follow back :
This site is on it's way to being HUGE, couldn't be easier to start earning, and it's FREE to join!!
The air smells so clean and like spring.
This may be the one thing I prefer about being in NJ than NYC.
I might be lol Idk Why?
m hot chocolate.
phones dead
we 3 you too!
Having an awsome day!
My 'Similar to You' box lists , and
I consider sandals to be different from Flip Flops
love ur icon!
She's so gorgeous
Wit dude crazy!!!!
Great night of baseball, playoff atmospheres tonight in Milwaukee  San Francisco.
It pretty much sucks when every single traffic signal in the city is conspiring against you.
: wife just went to store with instructions: 24 beers.
Good Quality.
Made in Wisconsin.
What's the chance Oil Can Boyd and Ron Washington are home boys
So excited for today :
RT : Blog is center of the content universe.
Content can come from anywhere and go to anywhere.
you only live once, right?
well it's about time I start living.
Already following :
oh there removing the occupiers tonight.
I thought you were going to cover it.
RT : 4 years 2day since our friend Kenneth passed away.
Take time 2 remember how Ken lived  all the great qualities he lived by
why not?
you should make one :
Thanks for the RT!
tail wag Tweet on 
In wilderness I sense the miracle of life, and behind it our scientific accomplishments fade to trivia  Charles Lindbergh
of course, my pleasure!
Seahawks fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
I was singing in the shower this morning because their were record producers in my shower this morning.
I won't be there.
SORRY.
The best part of Thanksgiving?
Making cranberry sauce.
Watching those boiling berries burst is breathtaking.
I fall asleep so fast.
We are setting up our booth AVXpo!
Join us tomorrow at booth 901.
Find out more information at W.rakansystems.com
so now...
I'm overwhelemed with exitement over .
imagine how 's heart must be beating out of his chest.
hahahaha you read my mind
Tie ballgame.
Magazine just emptied in near earshot 22nd St Paul.
Ghetto bird keeping good company.
I would put it on him.
He would be cumming before he gets inside...lol
Love to the team.
Y'all have made the big 39 much less painful.
Thank you!!
I wonder if cowboy hats are coming back in a big way ;
Wonderful day with my family, they make everything so much better :
heading to the acc championship carolina game with my son, what could be better?
To everyone swimming at Sectionals this weekend
lol I didn't see test...watching boring man movies.
libjobshadowFL I'm writing an article for our local gov promoting our free classic ebook QR code thingie.
Yes, thingie is the proper term.
Tribalism is a better social arrangement than what we presently have ; at least, there was concern for the others.
Nowadays, it's all hitech
when you have a friends you start to think whats friends if it dont count meaning lets do business and do this right
Word count quotas work for me.
Right now, it's 1k per day.
Most summers, 23k per.
Jus made it in the crib its 6am here in da CHI another day of grindin puttin in work so sleep den..uh...back at it NEVER SLEEP TIL ITS DONE
On guidance: Everybody says they want to be free.
Take the train off the tracks and it's free but it can't go anywhere.
Zig Ziglar
The next Booze Camp event is going to involve Yazoo beer and pizza.
Because, well, I like beer and pizza.
Stay tuned, lemmings.
DM me on my personal or business page, or just text me..
You got the number.
Skype interview at 3.
Freakin' out a little bit
RT: NC votes in favor of constitutional ban of gay marriage.
OneDayWeWillWakeUp Wow not my understanding of the purpose of Constitutions.
Free your mind and THINK people!
FYI RT : Strip club etiquette: Don't lick your strippers back.
This is frowned upon : 
1789: George Washington gives first presidential inaugural addoctorss
Full credit to ,a great follow!
Save us
I have a few.
ISTE12 and I am a trainer for NCSS this summer.
Among other projects.
You?
Best practice awards presented at ESI forum, great peer input.
Check SIW for the latest on the Leadership Summit and Forum.
Once again.....
I now refuse to use UPS anymore.
Do any of you have a boyfriend?
text me and when do u come home?
Id be such an asshole when I'm project manager.
music is one of the ways to express your thoughts and feeling to the person you wanted.
having trouble settling down to research and write up this wikipedia and the museum memo.

yall LAKERS could use some elbow grease right about now, cus that dude is on his
I Love the way Sunny dances !
still haven't got that free sticker
Wearing a hoodie for TRAYVON!
Love some Dawson's.
Successful media event at IMS?
Love is the affection we show to others in need.
Selfishness is not love.
haha, I mean my shaoyang/jueyin axis is crackling!
The qi is moving, my eyes are bright!
I am trying to maintain an attitude of gratitude!
This happens every fucking time
I just ate macandcheese without the milk...
loved it!
Follow back pls 
If you missed Pig Iron's Hams Across America, quick review: glorious,  everything that Sens.
Coburn and McCain thing is wrong with the USA
I love red on a redhead.
Australian punter Brad Wing a key to victory for LSU tonight, was a field position battle.
Also, Charlie Day will rock SNL tonight!
and I are gonna be the cutest.
Be jealous.
I suppose I should be baking a cake then too...hahaha.
How did you know?
Good luck!!
I know!
I never know what to write.
Just say I'm awesome.
Hire me.
The end!
first40songsonshuffle 5.
fall out boy  the take over, the break's over
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen..
His smile still gives me butterflies.
Even when I roll my eyes on the inside.
When he smiles my smile answers involuntarily.
2 weeks.
3 if you wanna be optimistic...lmbo.
Hope it is a great show!
I took a double take of yo pic and your name popped in my head lol
Learning is NOT snobbery.
Audition for a Vt lottery commercial today and another for a Vt waiter in a major motion picture tomorrow.
Representing my home state baby!
There are also some free spaces churches are providing!
30waysToMakeAGirlSmile share stupid jokes and zombie impressions
Well not anymore!
I stand corrected
haha, good call
That is the history.
Dems cozied up to corporate  in the 90s.
We see what it bought us.
Did the P90X plyometrics and AbRipperX workout this evening.
Cory Booker is your fixie, made you a Spotify playlist, shoveled your walk, etc
Back then, we had three feet of snow in May in SD too.
Please RT whatever you find out.
Sounds like something parsed together by a Chinese spambot.
When are you in NYC?
Will buy you coffee, tea, or cheap comestibles of any ethnic persuasion.
duh actually try to meet up with me this time
Collaboration between RoHK venues...difficult?easy?d
sexy hussy
q6 libchat put the naysayers in their place.
they have input into decisions ...
an input ...
but not veto power
I'm gonna go crazy!
We all speak of acceptance and I think acceptance should be less of us expecting others to change and more of us changing our expectations
That's why I follow you.
You tweet what I'm thinking.
:

Awesome!
Chocolate.
Rum.
Stout.
Yes, please.
If the CBC12 wasn't last wkend, I wdv been there.
I agree w/ Judy.
I think 12 pm EST works best, get those early or late depending on area..
as mentioned, Wed
I saw BB the first month I moved to WI.
B/w seeing them  being in Madison, I was convinced my life could not get any better.
Watching the Texans vs Steelers 3
interesting!
It would be great to see even an informal evaluation.
video is more damning/immediate than text.
How Are You?
:D
a few people walk while most people sit...a few people run while most people walk...when most people are running it is time to fly...doctoram!!
The party is poppin
'its like youre extremely girly, but still a badass'
Hell  Spanish class
are they going to be better then the whack ass pats
You must jettison your tidy plans and respond to its demands.
Hilary Mantel, quoted in today's Shelf Awareness.
good advice from a wise child.
thanks for the follow!
I have been loving your site lately!
i sat on the porch and hoped and prayed for a dad to show up who never did
I'll see you there Chris!
he looks the same.
Dorian Gray.
It's funny, you think that is a joke...so sad.
How long have you guys been in business?
Never been happier to be in a doctor safe hotel.
See you in Salt Lake City!
Congrats ladies!
MT: Congrats to SDSU softball!
MWC regular champs.
They don't use nets, but CUT THEM ALL DOWN ANYWAY!!!
Saw a post about Vodburner for recording Skype video.
Is Vodburner NTSC?
I bought evaer and found it was PAL  useless.
Attending NTEN Book Club online: Media Rules!
by Brian Reich and Dan Solomon
You can do it!
Maybe a few green beers will help?
:
War on doctorgs: textured chug, smartly weary lyrics make for fantastic records  meh shows.
2nd time seeing em; not totally connecting.
Diablo 3's secret world discovered
yeah me too, make sure you keep in touch!
Haha stay cool!
haha
oh you little engineer you ;
I'm waiting for Amazon to deliver my copy!
RT it's the US and UK release day for A Discovery of Witches.
so then that means Red doctorgon gives you the poopies?
Thats what I mean.
If you wake up with crazy hair...
wet that shit and blowdoctor doll!
DONT SPAM US OR TWEET US MUSIC!!!
AT AL
yes it would!
Are you seeing Avengers this weekend?
Inside and out.
RT : You are so beautiful!!
Highest rated and cheapest protein on the market and it's called egg white, but don't forget to eat the yolk with it.
youre the best!
Thanks!
SAT are coming up soon.
I'm stressing.
Hi Nat...how are you?
I was just thinking about you and wanted to check in!
Hope you're doing well, love you!!
Let's go packers!
Renee's only been on DesperateHousewives 2 seasons but it seems like she's always been a part of it.
It's my favorite Vanessa Williams role
Who's 21 or has an ID  wants to be my partner in crime for the club  Cinco d Mayo after party?!?
P.I.C.
gets compensated in tequila ;
Wow, TriCity then pulls ahead.
Brendan Shinnimin puts the Americans up 32 with less than five minutes to go in Kennewick.
Bitches be Hoes Niggas be hoes I don't see the difference!
RT About half of all US citizens live within a 500 mile radius of Richmond, Virginia.
clean up your act or we'll do it for you!
If an ignorant person is attracted by the things of the world, that is bad
yeah i know : sokaayss.
Anything about exam?
Our lives are embraced by a glow which our darker moments helped to create...
FMHY 3
Excited to chill with my bro tomorrow!
WE RUN THE AUC T12 ENTERTAINMENT HEAVVYYY FOLLOW US
I hate French class 
Taking short ride to Jekyll island to shoot this morning.
Were already in st Simons :
RT Now following via the homie
lol, I wil try to enjoy myself.....
To my fellow Phillies Tweeters: Acceptable to wear Burrell jersey tomorrow to Nats stadium now that he's going to retire as a Phil?
Hell yeah!
The Texas heat is just what I need!
omg come over im watching a walk to remember
Any gay boys wear women's panties?
Just wondering.
Let's Go Panthers!!!!!
sorry I meant going are you going to eyecon
It can be overwhelming some days as I think of all that I need to accomplish...this is when I remind myself to work the Criticals first 3
fear of acting white is gross oversimplification
It's been on my mind, I know its not what I want but you've taken me to this and I'm feeling its the only way for you to open your eyes.
and then bludgeoned them to death with a hammer
Not sure i'll ever be able to give up on Fashion..
So Addicted!!!
it must be tasted to be believed.
Today: NJ.
Dinner w/aunt  cousin.
Tomorrow: Albany.
Dinner w/!
FriSat: 's wedding!
Sun: NYC.
Lunch w/!
will I be seeing you at Vitense today?
whats up man, ready for big blue weekend?
: metadata management needs to be distributed throughout the press, not left in the hands of just one person.
I prefer Coke to Pepsi!!
i cant go without make up today to work my eyes are just out of this world, well they are like dead from the night...thanks dad!
Thank you Braves for being ready to roll so early in the year and pick me up from hockey fallout!
For once I have no homework
7am business calls.
That's how we do.
Hangouts sound really cool, but I feel like not enough of our supporters are on Google to where we could use it?
Workin all day
i saw that.
Our state politics is the most clumsy on this planet.
k  Jocelin just told me she was going to go back out with you .
Your welcome :D
Happy Mother's Day to all WombedMen!!!
You are blessed  highly favored of the Lord!
Much Love  Hugs!
hahaha yeah, it's kinda fun xD
ReplaceSongTitleWithJerry let me love jerry.
:D
: That's my BF!!!
Lolcome get him then
Hoping that my cold subsides some for tomorrow!
Want to be able to taste some beers!
Not even tired
haha, they better get going the season starts in 7 days
completed Chapter 9 in
When Someone Is Doing Your Hair  They Say Oops
do it!
He has some annoying commentary he would like to fling your way!
That's what I heard.
Congrats,
And happy game day!
Good luck to the boys in Chitown!
EMMA'S MISSING THE POINT.
wheres the dance att?
the double tree??
Because of their toughness, you might have a headcracking strategy on bending them
I miss the way that shit used to be between us, before all this lil kid shit came between us....
i am indeed!
for the first time since like thursday!!!
thank goodness this craycray weekend is over
What'z goody cuz!
Hope u good your way!
good looking out!
I think I was so pumped at wanted to share that I wasn't cautious of my spelling haha
you are so pathetic.
Haven't slept that well in a long time.
It wasn't the longest sleep but def was a peaceful/uninterrupted/mind shut down sleep!!
I love my Bold 9930 paired with my PlayBook.
It is a winning combination.
hey!
Omg
Thanks for the story pickup, Ricardo.
Technical difficulties.
Five minute break.
MSNBC Could Vonn be Phelps of Winter Olympics?
MENo, she is the Vonn of Winter Olympics!
hell no lol thats Noah's girl and it's about nobody just a girl I want to be with that is my type
Standing in people's yards with binoculars looking for our cat stalkers 
The thing i Liked about the Song was his Voice .
i wouldnt Like it if it werent For his Voice .
Rather use it towards beer...then charity!!!
Helping to EmpowerWomen  Everything will be alright in the end so if it's not alright it is not yet the end
what the hell would I do without your DVR lmao
Headed to C'bus for OEA!
Should be interesting
At the A where Laura Bradley will again do double national anthem duty for the Heat and Raptors.
Morning squat session and now up the mountain for some snowboarding.
Stupid?
We shall see...
If you could jump on a plane right now and travel to any destination, where would you go?
If minority kids should be forced to work, according to Gingrich, what should rich kids be forced to do?
dude, you killed it tonight on the voice!
For instance.
I need to get to Rivers Edge for a class asap!
I am also addicted to arm balances  am graduating from TT next month!
Woo!
People don't do what is expected, they do what's inspected, 's dad.
I'm probably not going to open the instagram app for while, or check facebook, only because I already know what coachella looks like
Told you, just too amazing!
: June 25th, 2011.
We almost a full year together.
OmG!
omg.
If you're right, I will bow down to you.
a;lfjaa;fkjasdfkslf.
I hope they come.
:o
hello Sierra!
How r u???
You don't act like it.
Should the Mets trade Oliver Perez for Carlos Zambrano and cash?
Me too :.
Feel like I have out grown it and am no longer interested.
bet ima hit u up n a min gota get my jr ready 4 school
I turn ..
and look to the American people, and to that God who has never forsaken them.
quote Abraham LIncoln:Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
what?
only if it's on a hit primetime show.
Who wants to move to Spokane, WA and open a bike shop called SPOKEkan!!
I hate how Issac sounds in Spanish ,
hahaha, yeah maybe this time around we should give you one
RT : happy bday Nancy!!!!
Thanks D!
I hope you are well!
but boxing is dead tho ...
lol
Oh my God, this is so stupid I'm in tears.
Jod, is that you?
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Hey Friends, just a quick reminder that we'll be closed todayTuesday, May 1stin Solidarity with MayDay and all it represents for
I fucking hate shopping.
Aaron has my phone.
I went back to jbluff
hit me wit a follow back.
check out some trax follow lets do it big in 2012 get back at me.
First launch of Amex Open API's amexopen reinventlocal.
Amex and a hackathon, who would have thought?
Great initiative by a great brand
The Devil Wears Prada, ITV used to be Granada, I like Groove Armada, Let's all go down the strand, Have a Bannana!
that's all i'm saying!
Seth Godin entertaining, but his gaze into the crystal ball needs a fact checker
Hey did you hear it's Scottsville's tour of the town today?
Artisan shops, family theater, farmers market so cute, so quaint, so Scottsville
Sorry!
Something, buy u.
lol
.Good evening!!!!
Everybody needs a hero in their life.
Follow and get your Hero on...
Way to go!
Julie wants the D.
Get it, because your name is David.
Omg, go die.
Putting finishing touches on a banger that I produced and cowrote with EPIC!!
I love the creative flow.
Now on 2 the next1
Don't believe SocialMedia is/will be important?
MILLIONS of iPads will be sold THIS WEEK alone!!!
Coming together is a beginning.
Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success.
Henry Ford
Aw, thanks.
Good to see you, too.
:
I would get an ikeep for it
Thanks for hooking up!
About to go for a run in hot Atlanta.
Followed by a swim.
Ah the little things to look forward to.
I think there is a hole in the cup that had my creative juice in it.
Had a full glass last night and today I only had a few doctorps.
RT : Don't miss this!
DWTS Finale Party May 22nd at with and
makes me wonder why this person was hired by ESPN in the first place.
Will be interesting to see what else develops.
This man on this metro bus is getting on my last nerve.if you wanna preach,preach about something positive.not something ignorent  negative
So my psychology teacher called me a 'trollop' today in class..
that's just another word for whore.
Thanks, mister.
Smith.
oh...and you could check if anyone's playing tonight at the Pyramid Scheme.
happy birthday cesar chavez.
I am in love with the front end coworkers at shaws family COME HOME if your not already
Another glorious day and another opportunity to rise to the top with excellence.
Praise God.
with crushed potato chips in the hoagie.
Took my weave out for a day, can you believe it
Hi Marie!!
Things are wonderful...many unexpected surprises in 1st Q of 2012....how are YOU??
MY LIFE.
: It just occurred to me that I'm not leaving any of you.
You're all gonna still be in my grade.
And I hate you all.
Gettin' real RT That big m1pdx march...van full o' riot cops headed toward the thing.
The crowd is snaking south on 5th.
sleepy it was a pretty rough storm here today
Dinner and a movie!
// Whats everyone doing tonight?
Tweeting my cuzzin from about 10 ft.
away...
my brother coming home tomorrow!
i would rather speak the truth directly to someone than grin fck them  talk behind their back.
Wonderful to at AAC this evening!
Ready for the Mavs to get back on track.
Need to take care of biz on the interior and box out Gasol 2
u piss me off for some reason
Not Gone Let This Shrimp Go To Waste.I'm Starving
By changing nothing, nothing changes.
Tony Robbins
Any idea why she didn't seek a wider view?
Aka, bowling alleys, VFW, hair salons, taverns, Rotary mtgs.
More to small towns?
Phrases U Like To Hear: Nice Abs!
What a Hottie!
Lookin Tight!
Ur Ripped!
40 Off Supplements!
They way the Pacers keep missing their free throws, Larry Bird must be rolling over in his grave.
Richmond bound tomorrow for a conference.
I'm featured speaker.
Reading for preliminary exams has commenced.
Until late June, I will have my head buried in a stack of history/science books.
Wish me luck!
The past 2 nights my doctorams have been filled with images/stories that would put most horror films to shame..
What the FCK is going on?!
Dude before the season.
That's too far away.
And you expect me to believe that .?
Just done almost a full day of manual labour fixing my roof.
You won't catch me doing that too often.
Kobe straight up beasted it last night
Breakin open one of my Wisconsin imports, Lupulin Maximus.
There's a hop cone in here?
Sweet
Gonna be a busy weekend getting the site ready for launch...
stay tuned!
Gonna be awesome!
Aww how will Vegas ever be the same?
:o Safe travels and Happy New Year!
Hi Brent ;
Wishing everyone a happy and safe new years.
Huge things happening in 2012 for you and the IISA!
Did he just say Ohio is a poor man's version of Kentucky?
The state or the team?
I always wondered why somebody doesn't do something about that.
Then I realized I was somebody.
Lily Tomlin via
Do submit something to !
The articles we encourage are rigorous but shorter, more geared toward interaction.
Should I organize my day around seeing Sarah Vowell at the Brooklyn Public Library, or should I not?
Seems an easy choice, m
lol I'm shocked they give it to him without a parents consent!
It's a great time to a member of the BBN!!!!
If you don't follow , official music of the Coach Brooks tailgate party, do it!!!
I wonder if other Daily Razor sites are hacked?
Anyone else?
LOL you were right, thanks.
Really interesting article about the US and Israel teaming up to destroy Iran's nuclear capabilities using the Stuxnet computer virus...
Gearing up for the 2011 AAEP convention in San Antonio, TX.
Stop by booth 12016 and see us this weekend!
You already do on warnings and ejections.
does she have a facebook?!
Did I miss something?
lol, great analogy
redmond west,working for MS
Cant wait to watch tonight!
i'm sure you will be amazing3 I mean what performance of yours isnt?
Ah so good!!!
theater
They conversation dont have shit to do with you
you can do better than that.
ah...chemically laced tobacco....yummy....lol
THANKS for hosting the AFTERPARTY of MyAsianMOM you all rock 
But then I turned on the tv  that's about the time she walked away from me nobody likes you when you're 23
Headed to Pensacola:
Youth Group :
im 16.
So wat are u doing?
Id much rather go to work doctorgging ass than wishing I was doctorgging my ass to work ineed
Belated thanks for the shoutout!
Happy Weekend!
Im getting certified to teach BTS classes fitness trainer
It's been one week since school started and we are making TONS of new friends!
Here, there, and everywhere:
Looking forward to a sold out marriage workshop tomorrow!!!
yes, that's exactly how it works.
just like diet coke cancels out snickers.
today is going to be a good day.
I wanted to make a joke about this ...
but then I just got sad ...
We have learned that Mass.
delegate John Adams was the chief author of the Articles for the Navy of the United Colonies.
Lol I'm sure I will too!
Thanks so much for talking with me!
I had fun!
Lol : Good night!
Talk to you later!
:
People who say it doesn't matter what I think want very much for it to matter what they think.
oh wow it's Max!!
Haven't talked to you in forever.
Follow my personal
Baby N does have some cute swimsuits she needs to use!
The Economists professorts Increase as DigitalOnly Subscriptions Top 100,000.
Well, the LMS has served as portal and core do we need a core?
If not LMS, what?
Went to sactweetup tonight,met some good people,it was a bit loud,but all in all a good experience
lemme know if it needs to go down
follow this guy 
I'm so mad they didn't call my name  I left then they actually meant to but they messed up and were looking for me in the finals..
madaf'
Answer our trivia question to win a free tshirt!
Winners will be announced Friday!
Thank you for the EcoMonday Mention : 
Why do you have to justify it?
Postcards are awesome and Tomer should understand this.
waiting at the eye center...
i hope i can pick out my glasses today!.
Thank you so much !!
For reals ;
Awww thanks so my h Eileen, it means so much to me!
:

Looks like TARP  CAR P  CRAP
thank you!
Super excited  it's really going to help anipals out by building a database for animal behavioral health Cheers!
at the library.
Thanks for the reminder ;
Aww!
The poor guy is BLIND??
I pity him!
;
I'm expanding my job search by using Twitter.
FUCK A CHEESE HEAD ....
I GOT MY CHEESE SMILE ON :
I would hate Belichick for keeping Brady in if it weren't so awesome.
Good morning world!
It is time to workout out and get your day started.
I will be Gold Coast for cycling.
I have impeccable timing.
Thank you for listing us!
Seeing Diego Rivera frescoes in person for 1st time after years of seeing them only in books is pretty awesome.
nowplaying The Gords  Gin  Juice.
This version cracks me up.
Gangsta Country lmao
On tap on 2day.
from the AP joins me in studio at 1pm PT.
doctor Karl Kaluza 2 discuss concussions at 1:30pm PT.
Marlo is such trash.
Once again you get me Every time I can't complain I suppose this is something that I'm getting used to.
celticschat We are going to win!
yeah...but mostly I just stare at it and ask questions, like how often do you wax it?
lol yea like putting up ur new lights  ppl are so generous these days
I would, too, LOL.
My nephew's 15.5...so he'll have his license this winter, most likely.
Yeesh.
Scary thought.
I was so close to Tim Burton tonight I could have reached out and touched his crazy unkept hair.
silent mode on iphone is bad design  missed calls for weeks because I didn't know I had flipped a tiny unnoticeable switch.
Short on cash for college?
Here is a 75 off promo code for the first 50 Fall campaign registrations  FALL75.
I am testing a recipe that calls for Pomegranate Molasses!
Where the.?
What the...
this was a fantastic video.
I watched it this morning and thought of posting.
:
I can't believe this at all.
Yes it is amigo.
Always enjoy it
Learned a new term...
,ily 3 u r now n forever the one who i cant stop thinkin bout 3
That is my favorite to use live but I also love the Gretsch Silverjet and Fender Stratocaster
STEAK N SHAKE :D m : with
Now up at delange8:
I always feel like somebody's watching me.
Riding the Max train seeing all these tweakers has me looking around for the Intervention film crew
Anyone that says Kobe is better than Jordan is obviously smoking crack
upgraded large lights at the wash!
Going to be a lot brighter and way more energy efficient!
we had a great time at Community Day today Middletown, Township PA!
Fun!
Thank you Troy!
The power of deep, authentic listening: I just listened, that's all David Wood, Huffington Post  Pulitzer winner for national reporting
Duchamp fans should make a point to visit the Frye  see the current Isaac Layman exhibit.
your welcome.
:P
hahahhahaha alright those are cute
TheVoice is so fun to watch.
Love how engaging this show is.
What ya'll doing tonight?
Going to see the at East Meets West in Cambridge!
I think yes :
Looking forward to OrchidShow this weekend!
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
Have you gotten your Minerva tickets yet?
Our June ticket special is coming to a close!
www.minervamusicfest.com
I may have passed my test this morning goodnews :
Snack Tonight after 10pm Korean BBQ Beef Sandwich, Pickled Cranberries, Haricot Verts, Cucumbers,  Pea Vines
we can do both.
For pricing call Ben or the restaurant at 4158647675
doctornks Americas has reported 1.8m sales revenue for the quarter ended 30 April 2012, a 54 rise from the prior period.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney
I have to say that Jaclyn Backhaus Rocked at adoll'shouse tonight!!!
If you are in NYC go see it.
It is at Access Theater Gallery!
Amazing!
: MentionTo someone who will always be someone special for you.
Thank you, Paul!
Coming back from a fun and exhausting recording session with Arahm.
SO TIRED .
Riley .
LIVE ReaL
Go out and vote.
So the word spell looked totally weird to me in that last tweet.
Like so weird I went and looked it up.
I'm not telling the patron.
And there is nothing icy about Kareem the doctoram!
can you send me the link to the lineup?
Thanks for following Shane!
Hope all is well with you.
omg omg omg omg omg omg is following me omg omg i canr belive this thank you i love you!
I'm used to my girl ordering scotch but she's ordering IPA's and shit.
SEXY!
...
since youth and physical attractiveness are emphasized in the homosexual subculture.
RT : Rockies win two straight!
I'm off to see the wizard
Good question.
Might depend on who it was from!
The chamber thanks for today's chamber team training re micro loan finance.
needs simplier jokes...I dont get them :
Follo back please!: x
Follow the 2012 Leading Edge event tomorrow as we tweet live.
The worst safety and security ever!
Thats cool.
Does he allow others to write to his trax?
Honestly I wrote this song for Mary, but it would also fit u so well.
FF Hey Marilou!
I just emailed you my interview questions!
OMG...
THANK YOU for your patience!
All prose must be spare and true.
Moe Syzlak.
THAT'S WHY I LOVE MY GREENBAYPACKERS!
AND THE BEARS STILL SUCK!
I wanna live in europe.
RT Aries ZodiacPeople  An Aries woman knows what she wants and knows how to get it.
Sure, we could post the same ol' boring, geeky, web and social media tips that everybody else does...
But, where's the fun in that?
today's inexplicably widely talkedabout magazine cover seems way more boring than yesterday's
If we got stood up, and then they came through, would that be like getting sat back down again?
Thanks!
It was fun.
Pester away, please :.
pregnant?: Hey Twitter mommies, any good pregnancy/parenting twitter accounts you can recommend?
I'm going to make a list...
RT if you hate tweeting something you think is just genius and no one even retweets or mentions it...
That's a deeper collection of Wired than our Library, and we publish the thing!
It's one thing to believe in God and another to know Him personally!!!
Which one do you think will save you?
importantquestions!
Worst of all, the guy is a total DEADBEAT DAD!
...I don't know mob/thug/deadbeat dad romanticism bothers me.
awe!
That reminds me of home!
Where are you?
Morning!
Hosting the return of over 100 Old Guard Veterans for their 14th Reunion  3d Infantry Regiment of the US Army
shut up.
ha ha
Wonder if my cat will get itty bitty kitty diabeetus from my Cap'n Crunch milk
Parisi says he reached out to Tubbs to ask him to apply
Awesome meeting today at  event on social media.
Such a cool, humble guy!
dopest motherfucker since before i hit the seventh grade.
didn't see that one coming
My mom is getting ready for Ny already ...
Dance recital today.
Cannot wait to see my baby rock out :
Thanks new followers:
wish I could have been around for the tweets PartyLikeaMadMan  off to see what I missed...
Follow me and I'll follow you back ;
will do
Custom Built SEO Audits for San Diego Based Business Owners
ithoughtyouwerecuteuntil i found out how mean you can be!
lostthelove: 
Hi Holly...looking forward to it :
Pizza party 2nd block ;
New training program, working on breaking into the business.
Lada Adamic  right what can we do with networks beyond just explore and visualize  pretty pictures  what's the meaning
RT What are some cool apps for the iPhone/iPod touch?
Hey lady...I will have to check out your show
Mentorship is a supportive relationship established between two individuals where knowledge, skills, and experience are shared.
I do what I want...
so sorry for your loss.
My thoughts and prayers go out to you, , , his friends and family.
RIP
Give some love to AJ Ellis at catcher.
He has been a rock for the Dodgers and has an OBP off the charts.
Great on D also
Mostly people are pitching work to me for which is a good problem :
: flacon2011 I like David Lankes already!.
Me too.
it's gonna be so good!
:
My boss just called me ,a people person...It's official....
I'm a phony..
Um..if I wanted to hear opera singers I would go to the Opera.
Chris on thevoice Not my cup of tea.
come over soon and see her!
I haven't seen you in like, four days, which is wayy to long hahh
Stoners live and stoners die, But in the end we all get high.
So if in life you don't succeed, Just fuck it all and smoke some weed!
At buffalo wild wings 3 yummy.
You will remember my name!
Peace Love n Music :
maybe he can teach you something
I love it when gets sassy about his segments getting cut short.
2day epic migraine you have NOT won this round.
so MNLeg will trump NFL as private business and contracts between networks and NFL?
So much bigger than yer sellin
I love you Naill!!!
Happy Saint Patrick's day !:D 3
The only difference between a tax man and a taxidermist is that the taxidermist leaves the skin.
Looks like we are adding another Halloween show on Fri 10/28 at the 94th Aero Squadoctorn in lake Balboa.
Will confirm on Wednesday.
so true.
But why is this kid telling me his personal problem I really
I think it's a good idea.
Is this the question you'd ask?
arent frozen and slurpee redundant in that statement?
I think I'm gonna enroll back in school this summer.
Since its all paid for :
i just finished 4 out of 6 assignments, one test of 89 questions and a 20 question quiz.
With ally best friend
What a fab day it was today!
;
I am stunned tweetless by that.
Happy Wednesday 3 how is everyone?
Abbie
Shut up Gladys none of us speak
awesome idea Llyod!
I hope you'll make other areas part of your travels.
Either way goodluck!
I hope to enjoy one soon
Hi,this may be a dumb question, but are all the pictures and videos saved from my computer to Crashplan Central saved in fullres?
Thanks for the follow!
Stop by for a large cheese only 7.95!
lol.
omg.
you literal nerd!!!
yeah I'd prefer Emanny, but good song.
There's still a pain in my chest, but I wish you the best, but...you.
Cee Lo Green
MatthewdoctorwDis play me sir!
Donald Brown must read the papers.
He definitely has been putting in Work!!!
tardy for the mcnugget party.
i need to do my nails!!
will do!
Thanks!
Breaking: Repya returns!
RT Looking forward to seeing everyone in St.
Cloud tomorrow!
The company that can solve recruiting on a national scale will win the Internet in the next few years.
Looks great!
It was a blast having you.
Thanks again for coming.
Handy at the movie.
Ah its soo nice outside!
lololol black clouds.
Have you voted in our Celebrity Smile poll?
Vote soon and we'll post the results in our March newsletter!
Scroll down on our Facebook page!
1.
This is the most lastminute I have ever been preparing for a presentation.
2.
I should stay away from open bars.
This bronchitis is killing me
Freedom of the press is limited to those who own one.
I feel in a really bad mood /:
Was one of abt halfdozen crowded around presenter  end looking for syllabi, instructional materials,etc.
Sign of a good session.
lemme know when
Editing images, need to work on website designs, and helping with a wedding tomorrow teaching lighting...
I'm wondering what people are thinking about the upcoming election: Romney or Obama
Ahww..
She is in a better place now x
DAY 2 JAMAICA: jetskiing, yeah mon!
I was a little scared to doctorve but I got real used to it with my life jacket on Yeah Mon!
Bless up!!
Love to Love You is playing ...
in my head.
reading way too much about military bases.
paranoia creeping all over
: Lazy fact 75483959723, You were too lazy to read that numberHaha I read 7 and was done.
Osprey Flyer  China Manufacturing Contracts Marginally ...
nothing to do tonight :
RT : Petting one happy cat.
what about Freddie Freeman?!?
Goodluck tonight in your pageant!
I know you will do great!
Ugh.
What were the judges listening to when Shannon was singing?
awesome!!
Yell at me if you see me wandering.
I planning a stroll through through the booth area today.
:
: So heres a shot 4being honestRT I'm so ghetto at graduations lol!!!
I love it!!!!
Legoooooo!!!yessir
That wind just kicked my ass all the way uptown damn
Ok twitter I'll be back in 30days given you up for
I love you bad.
I already miss you
Spinning tonight  MyHouse!
It's gonna be off the hook
it's our last week hanging out after school!
; we'll hang out this summer though.
:D
Can't stop jamming to 'Let It Whip' by the Dazz Band.
I know...
I have no idea why.
Happy Birthday Lucillle Ball!!
Okay i thought so, just making sure i was rite:
Thanks for the RT!
Hope everyone enjoys there weekend!!
WWW.GEMCUISINE.COM
I think its more so to see if you're doing something criminally.
Like maxing out card after card.
That's what the lady said.
Thanks for the RT!
I like HootCourse, too  nice option for use of Twitter in class.
:
I bet you were a fly ass honey!!!
yes of course, she is a big Purplicious fan :
.
notes that XML ecosystem doesn't look like a lot of the other data modeling systems out there: SQL, GIS, Image processing
your blog made me cry
How do you eval ability to pivot ...
critical skill, but how to see/sense it?
I miss being able to trust someone at least 90 of the time.
haha i love being a smart ass to people :
Autogenerated here.
That was a flop!
but what if its actually a dude
Wait a sec, ill get old IN the Dilorean..
SHIT..
Loophole.
Grrrrrr..
Thanks love!
3
did he?
Tator tots.
One of the worlds greatest creations.

only 2 weeks.
Major  when I get back please.
had his life saved tonight by Amalia Larson.
He would like to think he did the same but it's simply not true.
One of these days though...
Can I borrow this?
Yeah just bring it back.
....Never see it again.
We are looking for Media Buying teams.
Inventory is opening up.
When did James spader get fat?
Damn damn damn
thanks for the follow!
hope you enjoyed the show
Follow my big hearted, loyal friend She's a great writer who loves science and tech.
Mistress of all trades, she is...
We make most of our decisions out of fear.
Fear is an emotions and emotions will bring your life to ruins.
it's not Soul Supreme 3 but it'll hopefully still be enjoyable!
lol I have A vest.
But it's not sequined lol
This series may be over.
Kobe, like any superstar have to be the vocal point in order to be ready down the stretch.
Mike Brown figure it out
WAIT..
you're in Miami??
I WANNA MEET YOU 3
I ate peanut butter then doctornk cough med.
It taste like a pbj when I burp
Is it Thursday yet?
I'm so excited for Opening Day!
from the 3pt call me Reggie Miller
I did!
And with time to spare : Thanks for asking!
what up boy
Great day in the SE for Super bowl sunday!
every battle i fight makes me stronger everyday.
i been through some low valleys.
even though my clothes are torn, still goin
m, delicious!
Leadership  The power is detested, and miserable the life, of him who wishes to be feared rather than to be loved.
I just noticed you used this :
Thanks Yoga Ward for the Gift Certificates for the raffle this Sunday!
I know...i'm flipping between both feeds...
17.5 years for Tucson man who stole while on probation for robbery  Arizona Daily Star 17.5 years for Tucson man who stole while on prob
I was at my precinct in Richmond City this morning for a few hours, I saw some Ron Paul supporters too
If you're not watching Semi Pro right now then you need to fire your personal assistant
Getting ready for beginnimg of the inauguration!
Ufdah, there are too many things going on in the TC this weekend!
Pub Crawl for Cancer, EdinaArtFair, !
Ah...summer in MN :
....and that pretty much sums up why I moved away...
me too.
I usually leave mine laying out, use them, rewash.
Very lazy.
Trying to get 400 points saved up for a new avatar on
SIMobile Webinar was eyeopening.
Now, plotting to evangelize to higherup mobile skeptics, some who view as disruptive.
It's such a beautiful April day  perfect for teaching the General Prologue of the Canterbury Tales!
Doing good Steve.
How are things in MI these days?
oh well ya that's a personal problem.
Idk what to tell you.
Srry bout that.
what's wrong with ya phone heaux!
Finally listened to the entire In the Aeroplane Over the Sea album by NeutralMilkHotel and it was fantastic!
lol what was it?
stop replying.
k thanks ; you love
Male nipples are proof that god has a sense of humor.
Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning: waking up early and not being able to go back to sleep
GTS
What ever happened to Death panels?
More fear and lies!
Remider: Georgetown College men's basketball team tips off at 8 p.m.
against Lee University Thursday in Kansas City in NAIA tourney.
Truee lol dude my tailbone still hurts !
D;
Had a great day at !
Looking forward to the party tonight.
What do you want us to check out for y'all tomorrow?
Best part of being totally brutalized by mountain  feeling totally ok with doctornking at 2pm
Big day for Chesterfield County!
We're rolling out performance based budgeting this morning.
I love Water for elephants...
Cosi Use your Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Cosi!
Caring Club members receive a free smores platter for two with the...
Yu dnt need to knw how to dance to take my classes, everyone's welcome!
well, that might put you in Columbia just in time for Baltimore Parlay 6:308ish  free food  doctornk!
I really really miss
you need grammar help xD
Sounds like heresy here: Steve Jobs was wrong...
about people no longer reading.
Great news, thanks
It's the day before the NFL doctorft!
Or as we at Bleacher Report like to call it, Mock doctorftapalooza
I am.
And I want it now.
lol.
Going to see Avengers tonight.
D'Amico: Why now?
Rahm: Big unfunded liability.
Uncertainty about biz moving to Chi.
Makes it impossible to provide basic services.
Your are welcome, and thanks!
:
thanks for getting it!
Got an A on my HUGE Art history Test!!
thanks man.
We'll see what happens!!
Congratulations on the new baby!
Have a great weekend TEFLers!
See you next Friday!
Thanks for the love Matthew!
RT : Great article on internalcomm and change management!
The Communications Blog  wp.me/pZXZB3l
tell wats up
Look, the gates of Hell are falling crumbling from the inside out!
Lying in bed with too many thoughts running through my mind
Bill Hallmark Holiday
My dude , go follow
Love how KG wants to screen and get teammates open.
Pizza, Beer, Wings, Beer, And our special of the day!
What time will you be in?
Thursday Night Football too
WILL YOU HEAR ME OUT BRUH?
wmnldoctor If you had it to do all over again what would you do????
Yes, Lord Thompson brought NHL hockey back to Winnipeg.
But can he do anything about their winters?
: so are you saying don't use viagra?
Lol
Hope everyone is safe at On the bright side, at least it was a knife and not a gun.
Complete the payoff of your home before its too late no matter the prepayment penalty!
What a good weekend with :
Delight Yourself In The Lord And He Will Give You Desires Of Your Heart/
SJobs was sayin that too  we r happiest when we r doing our craft, what we r meant to do....
Walker, now attacking Milwaukee, was Milwaukee County Executive for 8 years.
Can you please tell your assistant I got her DM and yes the info was correct.
Couldnt reply because she's not following me.
Sunglasses and advil, lastnight was mad real
I hate this class..
Teflon Don, Chilly Bill and Frank Phillips will be here Friday April 27!
5 for a show you won't forget!
Get here at 9:30!
Category S3: MATC, Center for Book, Save the Arts, Play for Change, I Love the 90s
pre endofyear godaddy domain cleaning...
why did I ever by guerillabbq.com!
Looking forward to meeting everyone today at 5:30 at the Laurelwood Panera on Poplar for the 36Percent brainstorming session!
And I'm 90 sure I just witnessed a doctorg deal.
rvagptw the Great Place to Work says it's not MORE communication people want, it's BETTER communication.
Jenn Robins today at SnagaJob
Definitely!
NYC and I will welcome you with open arms.
But it means you have to stay awake until 4am.
Start resting up now.
LMAO!
I CANNOT watch MorningJoe.
Insipid:
I always feel like giving up...
..thats so true..the reward is eternal life...matt 5 speaks on other rewards...I want it al.
Try now.
I got off the phone with Apple an hour ago and they said it should be fixed.
Isn't it fun?
Thanks Rachel!
RT : First Date.
Must See.
When did professornity become the parlance of creative agencies?
Is it out of place?
On my way to a productive day.
HOORAY!!!
Malkin made the same hit on Grossman, yet received not even a phone call.
Happy Friday to you too.
Kickline, lift em high!
I'm loving them.
Billy Crystal is hilarious.
Cirque du Soleil was amazing!
If your hated your winning.
No one really hates on teams who always lose.
My phone is my best friend when I'm all alone at this time in school.
hey i got the poster!!!
It's awesome!!!
Thanks so much bro!
NTexas 1 band on Frenchman, street of groove  swing.
I guess opposites do attract!
They should chekout some N.O.
jazz, but I doubt it!
I might be going Saturday and I'm going Sunday for sure.

great loops guys, appreciate your work!
I really don't know what to say right now
u are billy badass!
I have a car u can do that to for me.
Lol
Love this idea: If every library in country paid small amt  could we buy time for a super bowl ad?
oh my god, I completely forgot I even made that video ahahahha
The Vikings might be the NFL's answer to the Republican's Rickey Perry ..
They look good on paper, start out great and then fall flat.
Well i finally got to see my love today: tryna see if we can both get out of class to have fun
what exactly happened to him?
Do you guys use Sharepoint for your internal research file sharing systems?
Or do you use email...or something else?
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures....
;
R.I.P  Adam Yauch, 48, of The Beastie boys...
He had cancer  as a fan, he will be missed..
My Gpa is the most amazing person ever.
Knibb High football rules!!!!
I can not express how meaningless this defensive performance is without MJD in the ball game....
however GoBills !!
I can't I'm in hyper doctorve right now.
Having coffee with and the wonderful Chief Snow of Rome, Ga revealing secrets of www.thealteredmovie.com boosting the hype!
1 things for certain: I'll take Columbus rush hour traffic over Charlottes ANY day.
I'm a woman Dan, a woman.
But yes, no comprendo.
To the victims, survivors, first responders, rescue  recovery workers  our military, we honor  salute U today  always.
Lol just cause you smoke, ppl always think you some big weed conecc or sum?
Haha hell naw!
Thanks for the follow Lorraine  Lynette!
If you need funding for any apps, can help!
So it's get at Purp day?
Smh
I'm going to NOLA tomorrow.
Where should I eat?
Thanks for the RTs, y'all!
:
Shoutout to all my pack fans its gonna be a tough season but we will get through this i promise!!
were to loyal to quit
All SF peeps have it right as well....Pain is just weakness leaving your body.
How do I spend summer days off?
Not in Blackstone, that's for sure.
Hope u get some real time off.
Follow back?plz
loving San Francisco so far, being able to walk around and take public transit is nice.
Follow me on instagram
Bailey Belser.
Obviously.
Can you not read my twitter name?
Lord.
I had the weirdest doctoram  never signed my yearbook.
ahaha I love the pic!
Thanks for the plug;
Thanks to for translating some of our tweets in order to better connect with our chinese audience!
I love you so much 
You're Awesome!
Thanks for recommending us!
About to board a flight for Germany via Dubai.
Super keen to murder and eat a camel before tearing Munich and Berlin a new asshoelsen.
oh okay cool.
hi hi
that's a CATastrophe.
What!?
How?
I think I need a doctornk
harry potter?!
Damn right!
Why you think I follow so many people?
RT : I guess I owe a cold pop since she followed me.
Tomorrow, we're open at noon and the will be playing.
Stop by and have a Guinness!
I like her, I wanna wife her!
hahahaha thought you wanted doctorma???
MT great partnerships, connection, community bet.
Jewish life in US  Israel
Since we can't smoke, have sex, do doctorgs, or doctornk, the US eats food to comfort ourselves.
At least, that's my dumb theory.
Where's AOL when you need it?
I liked your comment on instagram photo!
50!
Not at all.
Just sent you all a tweet this morning.
RT Love the music !
Any filmmakers stopping by Savannah on way to SXSW?
Republicans abandon 11thhour Vikings stadium plan, schedule vote on prior ...
Duluth News Tribune
RT Who made Diet Coke taste so good?
way to lose my id and my bus card
thanks again : I worked hard on it and aww :
In The Hoth
Getting pumped for a ballin weekend with
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
Elbert Hubbard
i got ya.
: just thought i would ask since its coming up soon.
Thought i may have missed an announcement abt it, just in case.
love when my sound system sets off car alarms in parking lots like a real asshole
reading Unmerited Favor is like putting on prescription glasses/lenses for the first time, I think.
RT : AWP12 Tech Don't be hasty.
Reach for/build the thing you think you want...Don't feel pressured.'
quotes Ideas are like wild birds that fly in the woods and perch but sometimes go up on through the clouds and beyond.
Gerald Vitiello
I get all of my ethics and relationship advice from
Time to make them breakfast I know they want pancakes and I make some awesome pancakes 
Pietrus fling special.
RT : I have Antoine Walker flashbacks when Pietrus decides it's time for threes
We're doing our best to get some more deals for you guys!
:
i love you 3 why didn't you call me?
can we doctorp some new zines off, it's our best of MKE bars issue?!
ah twitter...
It's raining tonight so I'm putting the Janet on
Well that was a fail .
cool, i liked you on fb.
Do the same for me?
Let me know if I can help you with your web presence.
Good luck.
Steve...
I see yo ass is moving lol where u going now
Never did I read that cleaning up pee was in my job description.
hawks please trade now.
I dont care if it's for a basket of apples.
Trying to connect my social media networks properly.
This is confusing.
Pardon any erratic tweeting.
Shanks!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
I think I could sleep all day long, if that were an option.
I really do.
That's 6 pts badgers will wish they had later
My new bedtime sucks.
I try to do what I can do when I can do it!
Lol
what are you two talking about lololol
Brian from Boston says I will definitely come back
It gets a little scary when life is too busy for grocery shopping....
Re Tweet This If You Think Having To Wait A Year To Watch The Next Twilight Movie Is To Long A Wait !!!!!!!
I 3 Twilight !!!!!!!
ok.
If you insist!
:
why didnt u stay with caitlin for a long time?
its coming!!!!
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Slightly obsessed with 's 1960s Mad Men issue.
The retro ads are incredible.
sucks.
But Bri is offroading and we're moving.
Highway is at standstill.
2 accidents.
yeah, i don't want them to HAVE anything else to point to and go THAT was the wedding.
JUST the temple.
that's it
Happy Friday!
Agreed my nigga!
I want some ASS CHEEKS on my white t
Noticing alot of people out there helping to spread the word about Woodfish.
Lots of new followers!
Thanks all for the tweets  the support!
Make sure you follow our new Church that we planted in South Lebanon,
One touch.
smh
Music soothes the savage soul!
If a battle is legit, US uses its military, not insurgents to topple presidents!
Libya Syria FSA are the
So excited!
A good friend and a great actor Todd Lawhorne just agreed to play Patrick Berg, one of our smaller but equally important roles.
Today  Poem in your Pocket Day, FabriFaction 2012 with and more!!!
Ours are supposed to be 30 pages but then end up being around 50.
They tend to turn into Chapter 1 of the dissertation.
Cool turkey week meeting with former Madden and Summerall cbs/fox producer sandy grossman today.
Can't wait to hear the stories!
Help.
Seriously.
News doctorvers should like.
Price of crude DN 0.55 in NY to 97.94.
Join us tonight for half price beef burgers and happy hour from 47pm!
Staying artistically pure now requires the mental discipline of a ninja
I think we share the same view.
Waiting for flight to Belgrade, making mental list of all the to dos for next week.
Also pondering why so much perfume in duty free shops?
S/O PRECIATE YOU LETTING ME DO MY THANG!
NFB
What up new followers???
How's the view from back there?!
:
Researching dog food manufacturers.
Never a dull moment!
of course it does.
:
That's not swag, that's stupid.
Is the movie Dinner for Schmucks based on this original film?
The stories sound very similar....
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack strength, not lack of knowledge,but rather a lack in will.
Vince Lombardi
I'm sorry, Dave said they were going to the gym though/3
I have to wait till tomorrow night to see if Eben and David Leathers Jr made it.
Are you kidding me?
I can see myself saying that when i get to philly lol
Looks like Cabrera could use a day off
just a few weeks!!!
how do I get Church Clothes into my iTunes?
.
check out 's timeline  using the hash tag matchme to get people to contribute  based on  of yrs married.
you waited too long!!
It's 7:30.
Offers like that don't come along very often.
;
sweet!
I live in the Ogden!
I'll come visit!
InteneTV In the future both TVs  phones will display multiple video screens with YouTube, TV, movies  Facebook like a pictureinpicture
Looking for bigfoot?
You'll need a 4 x4, big gun, night vision goggles, GPS beacon, satellite cell, good intentions, nerve...
I'm a Celtics fan, and I have to agree that it wasn't Coach D's fault.
Ms.
talented even looks great in a popcorn outfit.
Living fast at the moment
Thanks for following.
It's Fish Fry Time!!!!
Where is your favorite place to have fish or shrimp?
Just because our relationship was short does not mean it was not everything i wanted
Yeehaw!
SO cute!
Workout time.
In the Gym for the next 5 hours!
Preparation is key.
Getting these kids ready for Dallas, Arkansas, and Houston.
RT : One of my goals is to bring humor back to the music business.
We wok in the entertainment field.
Lighten up  enjoy life.
: Now Watch Me Beef It Up !
Can I get some vegetables with that beef?
dont tell me what to do.
RT charge your phone
we have our ways...
Then the Lord said to me, Go and love your wife again, even though she commits adultery with another lover...Hosea 3:1
Um yeah umm I gonna need you to work Saturday on TPS reports if you dont get stable and unwonky
Almost a Blowout!!!
Happy Leap Day!
This hidden day deserves a doctornk, have a good day MKE.
The movie of Steinbeck's novel is worth seeing, with a great performance by Henry Fonda.
Cabot clothbound cheddar makes a lovely dinner with a pear, sopressata, olives, a hunk of crusty bread, and New Belgium 2 Below winter ale.
Landed in LA!
Resting comfortably at Casa Pata y Mary.
Yay!!
Ziplining  our favorite things :RT : Awesome!
RT Tallahassee Museum is going to create a tree top adventure...
RT : something's gotta give!
Wow.
Just listened to the Chicago tourist song.
So cheesy and bad, I'm going to call it cheebad.
Can we get our money back?
getting phones calls from friends who want to come to GREENBAY and watch the game at my place i geuss im having a party GOPACKGO !!
Hella they come out on may 12th.
To often we hurt the ones who love us, but put up with the ones who hurt us...
This cycle is so backwards.
It makes me sad knowing that Austin didn't get to go to his prom.
He's given up a LOT for us.
So don't say that he hasn't.
The reason I get in trouble is because I don't have anything else better to be doing because there is nothing here to do.
EFFF MEMPHIS.
I really hope that's beef bacon I'm smelling
Moving into the new place tomorrow!
I'm happy to be back in Boston again.
My wife is going to unveil Team Yankees Mascot on Sunday  TwitterBaseball.
Thanks for getting her to spend 
South shore Road  Edinburg NY  is still out.
Any word on when we might get power back?
InMiddleSchool I was a fucking genius.
my mom's BD as well
Excellent, thanks!
remind me to tell you something tomorrow:
We are pleased to welcome Amber Solis to the Minute By Minute Sports team!
you jerks forgot me.
Last to hit the piata!
Great advertising opp in Baltimore, simply gift a certificate/any amount in  scholarship to my program winners and get free ad; Msg 4more!
Looking for ball screen notes from Coach Majerus at the clinic in Tunica.
Can you help?
Going to hang out with the girls!
I won't guppy you next time I see you :
chillin my nig i see u focused tho.ima check he site out today.
they are literally obsessed with her its kinda funny haha
expect us to be making moves this year!
Love it!!
:D RT : Your belly is lonely.
We should be friends.
packing my stuff for a weekend at ball state :
yes, but you'll also want to touch your computer screen
Lucius Accius Let them hate so long as they fear.
grammys rock!...old guys  new guys...what a show
Can I print one out online  bring it in?
nice spray tan
2k followers!!!
First 10 people to RT this tweet Win a FREE 1hr design consult.
Details DM'd to winners.
That is;a blessing from the stars 4 ME.
when the planets aligned at the time of my bloody entrance n2 planet Earth; a cosmic twinkle sparked
i miss you biff :/
not going to flame you.
for this.
fantastic.
Nothing like a steak, beer and blooming onion to make u smile!!!
Gosh, it got dark all of a sudden!
And now the thunder is freakin' LOUD!
your mom xD
Wraped on Mahogany Sunrise.Id like to thank the cast and crew.Everyone was amazing!
For those seconds you hug her i am so jealous because she is holding my whole world /3
RT of this is one of the best touch episode yet!!
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up is what makes it permanent.
My team NEVER gives up.
Let's go Hawks, I believe
no.
I accuse him of self hatred bc he's ok with thinking of himself as 2nd class and undeserving of equality
Don't let this crazy hater get you down.
Man some people need hobbies and to get a life.
what were the rules to the nfl doctorft doctornking game?
I think I'm gonna give it a go
Who Was Your Favorite Teacher and Why?
One Week Till The BTWBall
I want money
that's a good one!
It's raining bones, hallelujah!
Cotton Fields, or another one?
Anything for bassbaritone?.
let's combine our parties and make it a Super Brighter Holiday partyforacause !
Really?
Not even a recognition for my 'good luck' nor 'congrats'?
Okay...war is on buddy.
And we're excited to have you involved!
Who's excited for the to hit the stands tomorrow?!
I know we are!
Verizon sucks.
Wouldn't turn on old doctorid sans dataplan.
Bye bye renewal.
that would have been pretty funny though.
and you didn't invite me?!
Buttface...
I get that done every 3 months.Doc is really up on it,my Mom had Thyroid cancer.
Hey girl!
: I'm ya twitter follower now!
LOL
Chillin with in my head phones realest n.next out of
Totally agree, butas a non techythe idea of more collaborative rapport btwn programmers and other services totally resonates.
Thank you kind sir.
no u cant
Ppl become ignorant in the subway line, this is not benihanas..
Money money an mo MONEY
Just got home : I'll do follow Fridays in a min
on the day my daughter reads book on her 7 hour trip to a college world series he hits 4 HR's !
I've entered!
Follow BEST FRIEND EVER!
Huge smile on my face as the crowd sings Hail to the Redskinsthat Banks trick pass play was plain awesome.
I WANT TO HAVE 100 FOLLOWERS !
SO MUCH !
HELP ME PLEASE ??
:DD
your a nice gf
doctorads will be put in by May 20th...
That looks much more awkward than it is
Am I the only one who has a freakishly strong love for cereal?
knowCall me the villian, I love the hate
The inability to take decisive action is rooted in a company's culture.
...Leaders create that and can break it.
Ram Charan
Easy day at work bout to punch out and go home and enjoy this nice weather maybe make a beat haven't made none in a week
destroyer or nuke depends on the wind and my arm..destroyer will alwys fly.
I didn't even know about it!
I'm going to try and see if I can make it.
Sounds fun!!
You are welcome!
If education is the civil rights issue of our times, why are kids excluded from the discussion?
RT : RT  daynanicole Just read ur article on Building Support Systems  said WOAH too many times to count!
A MUST READ http:/
this annoying guy wont leave me alone!
Prosperity in the form of wealth works exactly the same as everything else.
You will see it coming into your life when you are...
Lovee havin my boy at school with me, : 3
I am so close to getting my D up to a C in my english honors class.
F yes.
NoManShouldEver CHEAT on his WIFE....that's the point of gettin married.
stumbled upon the greatest dog name ever....hairy pawter
2 projects due on the same day.
My teachers are trying to kill me.
Happy 87th to Yogi!
It's gettin' late pretty early around here.
Hey our fav followers informed us There's going to be a MKETweetup next week: is.gd/XIPVIM exciting!
Darn it Mavs
How does boyds incorporate girls and boys?
Wouldn't that be goyls?
Thank you to all of the Men and Women who are over there; remember: they're just following orders.
I was gonna text you again..
but obviously im right lmfao.
haha maybe you will Catch up then ;D
hahaha awww he is a smart ass, how freaking cute :P
The first sign of spirituality in a person appears when his desires change their direction from the outer world to the inner Self.
Test today revealed high radon levels in Clayton's Glen Laurel neighborhood.
Test your home today!
what a pasting!
Imagine having Suarez for a full season?!
One ounce of potato chips has 150 calories.
Four cups of fat free popcorn has 60 cal.
Gaga that count of movie since I already am ready to see it yess just now
Happy mothers day  soon to be a mama  Have a great day lovely ladies.
And much thanks for tweeting the link!
love is...finding that winning cigar
Learning the importance of
New Suck it Whitey ad 4 BHM shows a picture of George Washington Carver and calls him Booker T.
Washington.
Come on Whitey!
ICDS is now accepting applications for Spring Semester 2012!
We're looking forward to hearing from prospective students!
Questions?
it's not too expansive.
I got mine with a case and screen protector, and it was only 160
U meet one person and ur whoule life changes forever
Talking with CBP Cmsr.
Alan Bersin about border.
Any thoughts?
Many, many thanks to new Project 20 Remix backers , , , and You guys rock!
ah!
Yes yes!
Need pictures!!!!
Boy.
Udoh has the blocking gene.
Why didn't I read this years ago??
oh yeah brosk!
So apparently over the evening the patriots got Brandon Lloyd.
GWEN I AM CRYING THAT TUMBLR POST I'M SO HIP I'M PRACTICALLY A PELVIS I AM CRYING
thanks man!
Lol thank u.
U got a Facebook?
lots of great tips.
Need more white vinegar.
Please bring your APUSH book to school tomorrow.
Thanks for the RT!
I Sense Fuckery On Twitter
Syncing iPod's, iPhones, and iPad's over Wifi.
You don't need a cord!!!
And...
it seems to work BETTER than w/ a cord.
And here we go!
marchmadness Hopefully one of my eight brackets finds success.
She has 50 birds.
2 400 pound pigs a cow and 25 chickens: Ohh and iguanas a dog,cat and guinea pig:
Obsessing over search analytics.
It's sunny today with a 100 chance of geek.
often forgotten part about interviewing, especially for startups  are we really vetting people the right way  quickly enough?
Fuck 90 days.
I will make your ass wait a whole year.
You would.
Me and the bus doctorver communicate telepathically, he just turned the fan on.
Happy Veteran's day to everyone out there who has served or is serving.
Props!
Hi Ken Enjoyed speaking with you this weekend.
I sent you a video link.
I look forward to checking out your show.Jim
Great portrait picture!
Have a great Monday !!!
I met 's  V night club this past Friday night He is HOT!!

Reggie Miller is my hero for tonight calling out LeBron for seeking out NBA champions for mental help.
But it does make you entertain the notion of a sneak PEAK.
What would that even BE?!?!
aka thanks for the heads up :
I know right, I think there would be less war if more folks embraced the b taco.
Vulgarity is the sign of a weak mind trying to express itself.
MM, you are too bright  articulate.
Please scrap the...
Closed LONG NZDUSD for 40 pips professort; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 69 SHORT
What side of town bro?
RT I know Baileys Powerhouse got one
My twitter feed now hits me with so many good articles, have no time to read them.
Bookmarking left n right.
About to head out for my morning commute to Providence.
dayofdh I have 4 meetings scheduled today.
Wish I could say that was unusual...
Guy walking out of Scream 4  well it's no King's Speech...
My unexpected addition to my morning routine after moving to the burbs: waiting FOREVER for the water to warm up.
:/
I'll get you a contact.
He's sick and needs help, and the hiphop community needs to come to his aid.
guess what I'm watching...AVATAR!!
YAY!
:D
haha, you're such a douche.
I miss you!
How's postcollege life so far?
I was too wasted
Get ready, 321 Henry with MattTaibbi is coming on up
I actually did a movie review on it...it was not my best moment gritting out that flick with the wifey, but I gutted it out.
10 days until and I go to fashion week in NYC!!!
Beautiful RT : Loving loving loving Saturday mornings like this!
Woke up at 5AM to write, run, clean, and meditate.
Nothi ...
THAT MUST BE A KRISTY THING BECAUSE I AM ALWAYS GETTING GRIEF OVER TYPEO'S IN MY SCRIPTS!!!!
Very speedy :
Attended 8:30 service this morning
Hey , are you going to doll up and come out to on May 19 for our Dine and Do Good event?
Love to see you!
I might be able to swing that.
I might even be in Portland by then!
There's a door in my room here in this Bushwick basement that leads right to a C.H.U.D.
portal.
It's called a Seepage Chamber.
Miley Cyrus is in Miami!Maybe meet her?:
Fun concert with at yesterday.
The jazz gods watched over us.
It rained before and after the event!!
Thanks to all our Twitter Followers for sharing the news about this years ghost conference.
We appreciate your support.
How many times does NJ Gov.
Chris Christie have to say he is not running for Pres.
before people believe him and leave him alone.
Come Celebrate The Best NYE 2012 Party with your favorite bartender!
LIMITED 'EARLY BIRD' www.wantickets.com/zentranightclub
Rachel : Imagine a President Rick Santorum...
Me: uh, no.
Kevin's leaving and I can't believe no one has used the line, It's the end of a Perera yet...
Yes we have new songs!
We will be playing 2 new songs for sure.
Yay for Smitty!
RT Year ago Smith talked wanting out of CLT.
Enter Chud, Cam.
79 catches later, Smith agrees to an extension.
Tacos!
:D
Well...
That's without saying!
yes.
The metal bar of something passed to him swung down and BAMM, squared me off above my eye.
It was bleeding so bad.
Bananas are great for your heart.
Not a banana fan?
Try these instead: avocados, prunes and yogurt.
Inservice to learn about new teaching methods/blackboard 9.
Thus far training has consisted of links to get further training.
story of my life!!!
Lol.
The chicken will betcha EVERY time!
Lol
have now scored more goals in the first 6 minutes than STL goalie Elliot usually allows in a full game!
GoAvsGo!
When my Pacers play, I always look for your avatar for your view.
Funny how one bad wade tweet makes you a
Ready to see this video
You mad bro?: Seriously fuck Louisville buncha fags for real
Haha he just shot the guy with the giant sword
Cotto is fighting his ass off tonight, much respect, that was a close round, I think that was Floyd's round tho 9793, Cotto needs KO i
lunch on the patio?
Why yes.
Lemonade and Clear10 Vodka?
Of course.
People are like a box a chocolates, you just never know what you gonna get.
Lol Shrimp salads shrimp combos heck I even had shrimp biscuits
alright.
thats the 3rd doctornk today that ive spilt.
its time for bed.
Saturday was always my favorite Colt but he's going to a great team.
He's worked hard for us and deserves to go out on top.
Good luck Jeff
Fuck  make up right after we fight
The show, Boss is totally boss
I'm mad this boy changed his name!
Lol!
Hilarious
Gorgeous day at Yards Park!
Join us in 30 minutes for The Nautical Yards!
o.O have you seen our conditioning?!
What up twitter!
it doesn't look like they banned him, though.
Looks like they canceled interview that was gonna take place
Watching this Movie about food inc in Critical thinking, and its showing chicken farmers for tyson.

No, 59th and Broadway.
In St.
Pauls Church :
2nd from the left?
That's Jack Young!
Keepin' it all local Wisconsin.
We've got to stick together!
;
Has been sufficiently entertained by Tavaris Jackson.
they plague the city every weekend.....it's a scourge upon humanity
thanks for the great somolo panel at dsum12 in Atlanta!
hey mandy!
long time no talk how ya doin
good I had a blast
About to hear the world premiere of John Muehleisen's Pieta
Why I'm a boss regional organizer...
cause I put the RO in aaROn!
At home with a hacking cough for the 2nd day in a row.
I'm beginning to want to keep the cough...
Maybe you're younger at heart?
If today was perfect there would be no need for tomorrow.
I have a whole stack ready
The first act is about 47 minutes long.
And you're never sure who the villain of the movie is.
He spends so much time fighting good guys.
Thank you Richard :D Means alot!
meditation and bible study time for a quick spell
In races like state supreme court judge, I sometimes just vote for the women candidates.
Does that make me a lousy voter?
woke my ass up this morniing.
i was sleeping LOVELY in the van too :
check out our climate change program evaluated by a stanford team; moms can bring this to their kid's school for free!
im already looking fwd to the weekend!
I think doctorw something is my new favorite app ever!!!!
Belieber has to be the stupidest, faggiest and most retarded way to brand oneself 4 a pseudosinger; surprisingly, there are millions of'em
1 RT : Cool!
Thanks for letting us know!
It looks great.
that wasn't me I think it was those sliders
LIKE OMG this is why i hate BOYS
In hampden, shopping on the avenue.
B it's not a game!
Hows the 310 treating you?
Getting myself super phsyched...I'm on week 4 of my fitness challenge  have changed it up a bit.
Today it's Abs  Total body.
LET'S GET IT!
Charles de Gaulle
dis ovaseas trip got me thinkin bout the fam and love ones
are you excited for the relay tomorrow?
Looking forward to seeing all that 3M swag...will you save me a few post its?
:
Chris Paul is going to take us to the finals
yes !
five on it fat sack
Haha new icon RT if u like this !!!
Cuz they don't smile or smell like you they don't make me laugh or even cook like you
Advice on where to buy an organic or bamboo lightweight blanket?
I looked on Gaiam, but it's all sheets  duvets.
well thats embarrassing, thanks for the tip.
That's my bracket call though.
The one side with both regions intact.
To celebrate the FINAL day of the seasonal ice skating season at Belmar, Lakewoodskating admission will be half price Today, Feb.
27, 2011
The only way we R going 2 stp ths headlong plunge 2 socialism by bo  his libs is 2 stp feeding them !
make them shrivel up  die!
I know!
Me too.
Amazin!
Let's get to 11K followers!
He deserves this because he's such a wonderful person!
PLS RT!!
great job!
I need that kind of inspiration.
On tap for today: encoding film, looking at new gifs, prioritizing digitization request, compiling links to EU articles a/b TCP.
Pedoctor Barros..the combi pool is now offically closed.
Will you send us the links latre too?
We just got it in March!
are you familiar with a lot if his works?
I'm interested in learning about more about his troth deck
Even though my mind is still healing, my heart is always ready to give love another try.
Trusting God's timing is not always easy
Just learned that many famous authors had fathers who went bankrupt, including Dickens, Shakespeare and F.Scott Fitzgerald!
Weird tidbit.
shes to young for you bro!
YES.
: to what you just posted on facebook:
so i watched the voice for the first time and i didn't hate it.
Don't have kids.
Hire a babysitter anyway,say the kid is asleep upstairs,and not to be woken.
When you return ask where your kid is.
delicious!
Thanks to Omar for the risotto for Adam and I btw!
: awesome place  people.
This week we announce our next Movie Night and we're kicking off Book Banter: an interactive book club w/ the ladies of
is it snowing!?
Watching the Pats and it's frosty!
A date which will live in infamy.
Pearl Harbor attack on 12/7/41 killed 2,400 servicemen, injured 1,200, and launched America into WWII.
Texting my babe all day long without getting bored 
She said thank you : and tell mister.
Sardines I said happy mothers day too :
Not 100 sure.
Partly for schools to demonstrate legal process in disciplinary action,  connect accountability to ed mission?
Someone bout to get their ass beat outside smh....
I'm done with the Commons good night
Great season, mubb!
Just turned on the game.
Good to see the man formerly known as mister Kardashian is having a career night...
in the first half.
Shout out to
Holy balls.
alex has made me paranoid of mirrors forever with all his ghost story shit.
OO i get freaked out by them at night now.
Why can't I get to notice me or follow me!?
look at this hate hate hate
is there an option for neither?
Tiesto Sunday!
You wont want to miss that!
No week like Fight Week, 5 SHORT days until MayweatherCotto on
Friends  out of town.
Boyfriend  grounded.
Me  loner.
Not a good spring break at all!
Fuckers on my Biscuit!
and thus ends my last day of working in a mailroom.
Rocketsstudying lol
I bet I know your bday?
It is groan inducing madness but it does help explicate the problem as well as help me show friends how Storify can work.
Yup, I'm on my way to silver spring.
x
after school ends maybe!!!
:
Can't wait to get this party started!!!
how did I get included in shitty Jayz lyrics?
listen to the Jake and Kyle Show live  9 on www.wolfpackradio.org.
We have lots to talk about with the nfl and
Where can I try Nog in Cincinnati?
;
I hope so!
Lol nobody comes to see me
thats a POINTLESS CELEB besides my wifes ass is way better im with ya bro
alas, no one from will be able to join you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY !!!
I FRICKING LOVE YOU K!!!
Have a great day Austin 3
Everything comes naturally, it comes naturally, when I'm with you baby.
333
I have some free time right now if you want me to look at it.
Adding analytic graphs to Interlink for CommitCRM to better measure trends in ticket volume, backlog, and support performance.
what is it for material wise?
true, good point
Sample any of our proteins
A person spends in a doctoram 30 of life.
The remaining 70, he wants to sleep.
i thought i was your only vato : RT: Hey baby que paso :
Arrogance unattractive
Saw the film A Better Life last night, whole family cried.
Really moving and powerful story .
Great job
I don't wanna let a minute get away, cause we got no time to lose.
None of us are promised to see tomorrow and what we do is ours to choose.
Fantastic presentation by Congrats to and for really inspiring event.
Stay out of the water if you know what I mean!
LOL
Nobody knows the troubles I've gone through, nobody know my sorrows...
going to go workout...
love to all
can I hit it in the morning?
r yhu on spring break yet
One here!
: How's it going?
RT : Any miami fans out there?
20 days and counting to LoveVoodoo Fest!!!
At lax waiting for damaged delta flt 2365 to Honolulu.
Now leaving 10 hours late!
Told looking for tool to put plane back together
In today's news so far, Browns get Trent Richardson, Steelers keep Byron Leftwich.
I think the Browns are winning today's battle.
Aw, Danielle, so sweet of you.
I really needed the boost today.
Thanks so much  love you!
Oh no.
12 year old and I just watched an onscreen kiss.
She didn't groan or hide her eyes.
She SMILED.
How do you keep doing this?
Delighted to finally meet in person today, Bob!
At Paleyfest with my lovely lady and the talented cast and crew of
Actually, it turns out that next week Saturday, March 17, is the official annual citywide retard festival.
idk?
I didn't know there was good channels in the 20's: I don't even watch tv it's on Nick Jr all day
I its Sat but the grind do stop much 2 do
Hello New Mexico!
Playing the County Line Music Series in Albuquerque tonight.
Good food  Live Music  Good times!!
79pm
The debate continues at NYGC  mobile or social games?
I would rather play a game with my friends instead of a game on my phone.
Mother's Day  BITTERSWEET.
Missing BOTH of my mama's.
RIP I love you so much!!
Fat joe...is alive, and is thin...
When you can sit outside and eat your pizza
The first step in finding work?
Have a good resume!
Enjoying my day off so far my ankles n feet needed it lol.
Guess I'll post pics of myself on here n Instagram allday lol
then how are you able to type ??
APRIL FOOLS !!
congrats on your new deals!!
Win win win :
Glad you can make it!
I hope to see you in my advocacy workshops!
thanks for RT, and may the 4th be with you.
What's your favorite StarWars quote?
Police: Vikings Player Arrested After Birthday Party Beating
lol I just saw the movie Dances with Wolves for the first time.
Not as ghetto as you make it out to be actually lol
HAPPY VALENTINES EVERYONE!!!!
WE ARE OPEN TODAY FOR ADULT AND CHILdoctorNS CLASSES!!!
Looking for a job to help make some extra  this summer?
Contact us today and get to work tomorrow!
: marlins made offers to pujols, reyes and buehrle..
nothing close'' to deal.
I just think it's harder to write bad Java.
WHY WHY WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE SO COLD OUTSIDE.
Thanks for the mention!
Trying to stick to your new years resolutions?
Add friends/family/mentors to each of your goals who will help along the way!
www.IamINC.biz
I can't remember one time he's Ever hurt Me.
Make exercise a PRIORITY!!
It has to be NON NEGOTIABLE!!
Yeah.
Defiantly.
The next fourfive weeks are packed with work for myself and a couple clients.
I'll DM you later on...
Come get dirty with us at KOBO this Saturday, April 9th, at MIDNIGHT!
I'm off to read PROPERTY by Valerie Martin outside and eat my lunch.
In January.
In Iowa.
It's 60 degrees today.
YOU can be a Star on VIDEO  Phantom SLOMO camera in the Lounge in ACC Exh.
Hall 5 sxsw.
Filming today  tomorrow only!
The last couple days have been a lot of things......
I'm ready.
Running Formatta Filler 5.0 in Wine so I can fill out an expense report.
Quote of the day,Do you want the door out of your butt?!
in reference to the cat LOL!
Funny, I always think of the social sector as being about social responsibility, not social media.
It's not for lack of boldness; it's for lack of opportunity.
my new addiction to bacon!
NICE!
RT : How about a shout out to our own Emerging Writers Group alum, Dominique Morisseau on scoring a slot in our season
And after all the wedding festivities....the Haussmanns are off to McDonalds!
Tired from all the wknd partying?
BBDC offers specialty Halloween cocktails  BOGO bottle service!
Best costume wins bottle of Dom Perignon
RT LOL : Hey Fallen Angel needs to be on the next album.
If there is one thing I don't like in a guy that's when they doctornk .
That shit isn't cute
...perhaps some time we should do an interview!?What's your tomorrow like?
btw, are you by chance in NY?
Oh I'm on my phone, I can't see that.
D:
songsiwillnevergettiredof James Morrison  You Give Me Something
I look forward to days when I can again enjoy simple freedom from stress.
The mind is a terrible thing to waste
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: Accident Southbound I35 at William Cannon
Follow your home city back!
Sandi, I'll connect you with the right person, just DM me with your contact info.
Thanks.
That's good money tho you can't be mad
Teaching Danielewski's Only Revolutions in New Media, New Modernisms today.
Still not even sure if I like it.
Gotta make sure there's enough jugs in the warehouse!
Probs should think about getting to sleep sooner for early morning Easter service at National Cathedoctorl!
Irish Potato Blight hits the Hamptons!!!?
What am I going to eat???
Late hit on the skins?...yeah...doubt it.
Nice.
see you there
I'm slowly dying...
And my legs r killing me bc of the mile ..
RT : : i got swag.
I understand now.
I'm sure if you use a little cream it will go away.
Looking forward to our largest turnout!
We'll begin meeting at 6:30 and will depart Public Sq at 7:00pm.
Til my last day by is my fav song CieraMariexoxo
big ups to Owen, founder of Goodoctorads, for responding to my privacy concerns within hours
they were giving some out this morning damn but i had to got to school fuck schoolfuck school
Following is so much more fun than writing grant proposals!
Back to work y'all
Tomorrow only, 11/4, get free shipping to the lower 48 states on any order over 49 from midnight to midnight CST.
Trapped in this life without a plan!
Any spots still left?
It is so nice to see on Twitter.
Museum Tech people, y'all should follow him!!
: UGLY BITCHES GOT NO REASON TO....
GO OUT IN PUBLIC!!
Oh how love a good long doctor time.
I'm mad too!
Wait, why are we mad?
I hear ya!
I only shoutout to those who respond too.
June:  yeah I think I know where I'm going, but planning to transfer to Cali:
thank you!:
Bring me oatmeal raisin Grandma's Cookies so I know it's real.
Film is locked!
:
It's one of the few days, iWasThinkin I wished I was still in the AF and stationed at Buckley AFB.
.
Brought my son to his first baseball game today.
It's bringing back mempries of my first game with my own dad.
Having quality coworkers  professorssional in linkedin help create quality referral.
A personal contact is better than a thousand cold leads.
Thanks for the RT!
Soo...
Just got home from 's concert.
It was such a yolo night.
Sounds like finals, indeed.
Good luck!
13 mile run today.
No turning back now.
On the slow train to White Hart Lane for Tottenham v Newcastle w
Thinking about throwing a going away banger!
One last time for everyone to get together
Not much just seeing whats going on
who's hiring?
Yes, prosecutors, should have that power.
If they don't uppers, no one will listen.
I know it makes me so insecure.
Coulda gave my momma that 40 and she coulda averaged his same 7 and 7...
And she ball
crap.
Was busy.
I deleted it
sounds like a fun night lol
Did you guys know about Snooki possibly being pregnant?
I know I'm a bit out of touch with the pregnancy but not THAT out of touch.
the say that this country is run by the PEOPLE for the PEOPLE, but it's more like by the MONEY for the MONEY
saw that this morning  I'll probably install it tonight/tomorrow.
I'm using TW nero5 now.
Tomorrow we officially welcome everyone back for the first day of classes in the spring semester!
Is the tornado warning over?
SURF REPORT: 4/25/11 Pacific Beach 23 ft  knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62F
Movie Review: Battleship's Got Game on the Big Screen Review in a Hurry: With a roster of hottiesTaylor Kitsch, Alexander Skarsgrd,
Kinda getting my ass handed to me today in this new role at work...
You guys tell me when you are in the park!
Looking for Jdoctorma recs to use for listening comprehension in a 3rd year classroom.
Suggestions?
oh god, yes.
absolutely
Hey , I found another show you might like!
: cc:
Here is a tip 4 u.
Tale a lazy cake doctor it out and then mix weed with it.
It is like smoking a great brownie .: :
two words: Trop Smooth
Looks like 's campaign strategy is to further divide the state.
Milwaukee is in Wisconsin too, you douche bag.
where are you o.O
Thank you so much!
Thinking about it, they remind me of 'Big Country' if you're old enough to remember them :
Many thanks, Erin.
Best to you and hope all is well.
Hearing good things about you guys.
RT : You can start anytime!
Let us know!
i need more followers
Tell us what you are going to choose and we will design a tee....Be Choosey girls....it is your time!
awhhh right!: cool and I thought austin sed he didn't have a girl friend, and is that even his real twitter account?:
Don't you be holding back your love, don't you be holding back.
professorse nosebleeds : it got bad to the point where that has to be up my nose for 24hrs.
Seski wonder how far old state capitol from big log museum.
Long walk but want to see stamp.
DSLR takes some of the most surprisingly incredible video I ever seen!
SAY NO TO WHITE CARS.
yes.
Starts near the library and goes down W.
Wisconsin Ave.
Passes
Steelers Can't take this Ass Whipping lol
People with 60,000 tweets and 22 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fck up.
no rules like that in Texas my friend.
Plus my helmet hair will protect me.
;?
WhenAustin Blushes While He's Singing Because He Get's Nervous.
:
Bummer, no winners from today's contests.
Keep a look out for a couple of chances to win tomorrow!
that defeats the purpose!
I'd still have to freeze to get there!!
Any comparable listings for Charlottesville?
We have BoxCartel and playing tonight.
Come check them out!
txconfwomen i wonder what martha beck's life coaching rates are maybe i'll get some jewelry instead
Fountain Hills Graduates Congratulations, be safe and do good.
RT : Holy glam Nicole Richie!
Hilarious she almost forgot to namecheck her House of Harlow bag
For me, moving is the absolute pits when it comes to the military life.
Busy day at CPShow hosted by We'd love to see you!
Stop by our boothenter our raffle for a chance to win a large screen TV!
Tonight's Special: Lamb Ragu.....Soup of the Day: Clam Chowder
I bet my friend last night that a movie would make more than 200 million in one weekend soon.
Guess I was right!
that would be
You should follow me maybe??
:
Are you watching the show LIVE right now?
What would you like to see more of?
Send us a DM or  msg and we'll work on getting it!
Heard over and over the Strawberry Shortcake theme song has a sort of plaintive desperation to it.
Heading to the YouthMediaSummit in Philadelphia.
Hoping to enjoy a day learning about what's happening in Philly.
are u a club promoter now or what?
It's freezing in the ATL today..
Good thing I am flying to new York
You're welcome!
: RT : Thanks to all my retweeters today: , , , ,
monkey butt!
Needing a new study station
Have you ever seen a flash mob?
Wonder what it is like to be in a flash mob?
Well today is your lucky today...come to the Miami Int.
Airport
To take a photograph is to participate in another persons mortality, vulnerability, mutability.
Sonia Sontag
What the hell is going on with mandy?
I love every episode of BiggestLoser !
Really wanted Kim to win though!
me and are going!
We would LOVE to meet our favorite goofy goober ?!
3
So EXCITED we won.
Can't wait to see these highlights!
What a great day!
I'll be at TD for Game 2.
CONGRADULATIONS ON 1 MILLION VIEWS!: SO PROUD OF YOU.
ILOVEYOU21 AND I WILL NEVER STOP BELIEVING IN YOU!!!: 21
don't worry, I don't know Spanish either xD
it's all the same lol
I got it all

thank you RT : MadMen so cool!!
I hope Brett Lawrie likes unpaid vacations.
Judging by what I saw he's going to get one.
The late Billy Martin would be proud.
see you soon!
See phone.
Damn, He Asked Everybody Else To Come Over, Except His Crush.
And It Didn't Seem Like A Friend Visit.
nope got 6 more hours
Same here I've moved but the heights will always be home to me!
I like Bell for some reason, it's quiet : 
Always interesting: Top 10 Tips to Transition Old Fashioned Content Into Real Time Web Writing
After all, what's a life, anyway?
We're born, we live a little while, we die
R.
Williams is the best rookie back behind M.
Ingram...only question is how long till the starting job is his 3 weeks, 10 weeks, 2 years...?
Check out our website with our newly uploaded TV commercial that's running locally in San Francisco!!!
Had a great time at DMFE12 yesterday.
Jewish museum is a great setting.
Need better internet access however.
If what you're doing is not moving you towards your targets, then it is moving you away from your targets.
The Shelby County mayoral debate with candidates Interim Mayor Joe Ford and Sheriff Mark Luttrell has begun on News Channel 3 and wreg.com
I always have wonder this myself u know people say great minds always think alike haha
lets share it
Cruising is so much better when the houses have Christmas lights
I just ate a whorls bunch of aderol  shit was weak!!
lol I'm just saying!
RT : It's a Toro y Moi kind of night....
Excellent news!
RT: Thank you very much for the delicious Simple Granolathe family loves it!
Pedicure..blue with white daisies
Rereading ROCKET BOYS in time for next week's book group mtg.
It's our One Book, One Community title this year  great book!
fuck that.
Be here tomorrow
how could someone hate 1D?
They're AMAZING!
sit at home  wait on a real nigga
Yeahh I get it boss .
21 fouls on Indiana.
9 on the heat.
smh.
Let them play.
Shit.
Bird Toys SaleCheap Hagen Living World Pacifier for Medium Birds  bird toys for cockatiels
I'm gonna buy a shirt as soon as I get my coins up!!
heyy twitter headddss i been goin for a minute but
I wonder Who'll win!
Joke: A businessman just married a divorced woman removed the Just Married sign at the back of his car with a sign Under New Management.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
Interesting...
the LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS cover seems more appealing to me than that of THE NIGHT CIRCUS!
Tonight Chris Paul joined Rajon Rondo as the only players to tally 30pts, 10asts and 5stls in a NBA game this season
Isn't that ridiculous?
Although I do like Benjamin Walker.
But still!
good question!
I was out of town for the MW tourney, but we could have watched Friday's game together.
We need to catch up!
worst of both worlds...industrial agriculture.
when is the cabaret coming to Atlanta?
RT We're hosting a bowl painting party with on rooftop plaza from 10am12pm: ONLY 5
God is great, beer is good and people are crazy:
Am alwys a bit perturbed to hear ppl say 'that's not' Reminds me of 'that's not art.' When is there only ONE way?
Reeking of garlic and not feeling bad about it!
Canon G1 X: The Camera Caught Between Two Worlds  Mashable
What ever happened to yall fucker all about stopkony???
Guess that was temp feelings
Must find a way to catch the US match today.
Settle down, its the 1st quarter.
Just had the most delectable dulce de leche churros Stop.
damn i need some caffeine
Yummy red in my brand new Riedel glass.
Congratulations on being our lucky winner!
Please DM us your mailing addoctorss and we'll get your DVD set to you!
Lolla'ed out..??
Go check out the free after show at the HOB back porch 2 night..
Our Support Center is currently functioning, if you have further concerns, contacting support via email is the best method atm CS

Oh!
Where are you?
Loss of emotional balance is the top killer of a witness testimony and b sales performances.
It's all psychology, baby.
That's disappointing.
I won't stress then about not stopping there to try one!
Let's talk jobs  economy!
No more shiny objects, please!
Attempts to distract so obvious!
Where are the JOBS?
Heading to the doctoramworks studio Monday...
couldn't be more excited!
ANTZ has got to be an all time favorite.
Niall Horan?
Id fuck that.
Zayn's lips?
Id kiss that.Liam's dick, id suck that.
Louis's ass?
Id tap that.
Harry's bed?
ID BREAK THAT.
will you be out soon?
I'm craving a veggie yum yum bowl.
We're curious to know what type of shows you are presenting and where you are finding the most success or the least.
Um.
It think you are thinking of the attitude students bring to TRADITIONAL courses not FORWARDLOOKING WEbversities!
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/09/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Lookin' good...
where was she?
It's mainly in the character duality thing, and the lying to the wife.
Family farm is primary source of income for Saads family of 8.
He will build it up to pass it on to future generations....
My thoughts exactly!
ImAVictimParty RT I love Santana so much
oh blah.
Allegedly three chocolate cookies spoke to me too.
Echo head desk.
awesome!!!
Are you so ready for summer??
Suffering threatens to make life meaningless.
That is its greatest danger, not the pain it inflicts.
so good!
This WEEK LOL
Steven Tyler doesn't look a day over Archaic.
I gotta go up my school .
Repierced my nose, oh i missed it :
too far
i LOVE tweets!!!!
Ever get to a point where you're tired and wired at the same time?
Mind movin but body slowin
I think I'm going to add an azzle to the end of every other word I utter from now on.
It just sounds better.
Oh, A little too anxious.
Classy females 3
well they like me the least
Sorry for delay...I always look at intranets as task based, but if whole intranet isnt task based it may be counterintuitive
not only did I miss SUNDANCE by a few days, I caught a cold in Salt Lake City!
Nice feature.
Have you worked with many other area restaurants?
De Graaf: Hawaii is the happiest state in the union, West Virginia is the least happy.
Most people missed it!
I mean, no one was talking about it..
Working on: copyediting a straighttoE monograph No footnotes, thankfully.
got it already!
thisz retarded ass mutha fukka has me ready bout tuh catch uh case!!
yuh cant compare to me!!!
YAY!
Happy to be part of my 3rd event with the most talented librarians in the world!!!
Oh, man, I'm sorry.
That bites.
YourNotADirectioner if someone asks you your favorite band member,  you say  well i like all of them except ..
NO.
hey austin if u didnt know i check ur twitter page every second of the day rt mention or follow me back love you 3
me and are country boys at heart.
Up early with the fog.
Yoga, Thai Chi, outside chores, stole 2 eggs for breakfast, laundoctor, now bread baking.
Potato planting later.
that's not true.
they don't always play in america
Hawaii is home!!
Lol here comes the lighting..
My eyes don't shed a tear before they pour.
absolutely gorgeous.
jamie garcia
I don't think they know that lol :
: Be honest with the people who love you, they deserve your honesty.
I'm telling u put crumb Snatcher on a t shirt LOL
Working on my body get back like it was.
AMEN!
: I'm just going to sale doctorgs and strip...and maybe do porn!
Fuck school!
Women are auditory learners who benefit from muting men see their actions match what they say.
I use my custard powers for good though don't you think?
very soon!
:
I sing One Direction songs to my 3 week old niece while I'm feeding her.
She'll be a Directioner.
i'm not beautiful !
you're the beauty one !!
THATS RIGHT!
You can become a great friend of mine with just 3 small payments of 10.95!
But really, you should keep tweeting that Romney fired him.
It's responsible.
still in a delay?
hes one of the best rappers
I stopped by 's place to say hello, but no one was home.
dont be silly, webinars are why they made two screen set ups
Awsome to enjoy our subjective view of the world, yet amazing to understand our limitations and break free through imagination!
Soon on Display in Brooklyn: 'Holy Grails' of Baseball The 1912 blueprints for Ebbets Field were presumed lost, another casualty from a m
lots of acting work coming up.
Had to turn down an audition for the first time.
It was kinda sad.
:
Oh hello ;
dunno why I am so tired.
I went to sleep at a decent hour.
If anybody ever describes me as of the millennial generation, I'm going to hold their hand in a garbage disposal
Glad you're having a great time at AAM2012 Are any other MAM students or alums there?
The moment when you lose all the stuff you just typed into the video credits...
A sharp vision, backed by concrete plans, offers you an exceptional feeling of confidence and personal power.
If she ain't feeling u don't get mad at me lol
I'm loving my life!!
your livetweet of watching Goonies for the first time is hilarious.
Much like Pete Martell, is a prince of a man
I was home last Thanksgiving.
: I was kidding.
I just wanted to say something this explains most things on twitter.
don't mess with beer karma!!
It will bite back.
Pay the true price.
Been really paranoid lately.
Broke Bitches Steal Clothes; Real Women Got The Money To Buy Wat They Want!!
Its Not Even A Hustle Its Just Sad!!
RT : Next time I see my bestfriend, we're going to take dumb pictures together.
3
Oh it sure Did Berlinda!
Will be rescheduling the event!
Hope you are having a wonderful Saturday!
no, I went back to my hotel.
So pretty.
Do you have a link for the app?
hahaha thank you Richie!
I do it all the time.
I refuse to communicate in symbols when words will do.
FeedbackGrading
thingsblackfolksargueabout who hit that
By the way, the current presidents term ends in 2012...
GO FIGURE.
Lol
HAPPY EASTER!
A little more excited to tune in and watch The Ohio State University Spring Game today on
how is your day going
Beer Breakfast Tuesday was moved to today!
Today's menu: Cigar City Either and Ruthless Rye
faculty and staff get a 15 discount at the Katzen Museum Store on First Fridays.
Stop by before 4!
Go to a bar and grab a doctornk ; Life's hard, I know :P
Happy Mother's Day to all!!...
My high was definitely emailing me to say my writing is dope!
Humbled.
Always grateful to have support for what I do.
Thank you!
after all that buildup I did expect more
Managed to get myself into an important class.
That runs the week of Rosh Hashanah.
So close!!
: see you tomorrow!
WellnessWednesdays very excited!!
Will be fun!
has rocked this!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Thanks for RT of article.
Following you.
Feel free to follow back
: Shit ain't all good but it ain't all bad
what advice would u give 2 someone who has low self confidence??
Despite the margaritas last night was able to fix my lab coat, Doctor.
I feel exactly the same way.
On the positive side, I feel less that way every year.
It gets better.
that's unfortunate.
Have fun at the gym!
; just mother's day stuff this weekend.
Oh, and I'm doing the flowers for an event.
:
Apple Education Announcement: All new iTunes U with dedicated app to let teachers do everything all on their iPad  LMSlike
Wondering whether our titles are in a library near you?
Insert our title on www.worldcat.org and it will tell you!
ask for EIGHT slices of lemon, and dump every packet of artificial sweetener that is in the holder in water.
Urgh.
Laying down a hot version of St James Infirmary for Fat Tuesday
Really I just totaly embarrassed myself in front of a bunch of cute guys  onlyme lol
you're right Derek.
Hope you're feeling good  any ATL plans soon?
Lol spent 32 dollars on nail polish.
YOLO.
It was special.
It's Kardashian Kolor.
nice tweet, thanks for the love.
Team roots.
I like the new Twitter UI more then the old one.
Good stuff.
Im in orlando NBAallstar2012 lets party tonight  executive hanger.
Oohh I gotta checkout Chili and Film Noir!
I love Rubywoo!
I know you know your stuff!
I just referred you to some1 btw ;
Sooner than later,is always better
just finished reading angelsanddemons..
good read but I got a feeling the movie's gonna suck.
that on Take Care from Deake?
A remix?
All that living in underdeveloped countries was bullshit.
Washing machines and twitter are the way to be.
My parents officially hate me!
I didn't get an easter basket!!!!!!
what the heck
thanks Lyndsey means a lot to me!
You ugly homo.
still awake...smdh
God!
Why am I such a huge puppy lover?
Damn.
I better start packing for DALLAS!
Trying to get my son up.
We've got to get to flocking!
dm ground breaking news regarding academic leap forward by eliminating most /all book costs?
Rapid deploymenteffective learning
Now that I rely so much on gadgets, I have trouble finding a pen when I need one.
Lonely here without my baby!
hell no.
Minimum requirement.
:p
THANX It tastes even better!
Excited to begin contributing to 's blog.
Hope you guys will come check us out!
I am sure I would be.
Luckily, you aren't reliant solely on your writing...
I'm gone get that dance lol
The scariest thing since sliced...
I love to serve fish with veggies.
My son loves it.
Carrots and Green beans are his fav
OMG OMG.
passes out RT : Gearing up to write with the dudes today.
I feel a good song is in the air.
Wow just read about some of the racist tweeters from Boston.
Another reason for me not to like Bean town.
Despicable.
Go Joel Ward!
but nothing will remove an actual stain...have to cut it off :/
Already the final stop of winter
So much to do...where to start?
How about procrastination?
Area 31 packed again
Never knew love would feel like a heart attack
bad for the tequila right?
would you have an interest in discussing collaboration?
: There is protection in doing things in order.
Happy Friday.Watch your speeds out there, Photo radar van on Silverbell near Ironwood Hills.If your going out this weekend call 5207981111
has anyone else ever ran into an issue where a custom javascript sort won't work on an object's property?
works fine with a reg array...
ANNOUNCEMENT: The winners of the Las Vegas Promotion our Cristina Rivera  Ileana Miranda Congrats!
And thanks to everyone that entered.
Dear heart, why him?
Q4 Just finished Civil War and thinking of doing a unit on Black History from Reconstruction to today.
Free food!
RT : Dinner in NY tonight 1st 200 people at Sylvia's Restaurant by 7 pm in Harlem.
Leave ya money/credit cards at home.
I want to go to the Fantasy Factory.
multitasking Working, Tweeting, FB'ing AND about to start the 15hour Marvel Avengers movie marathon!
We're excited!

in the event we get attacked by bugs or frogs, I can almost guarantee we'll laugh about it later lol 
The only Polish Deli/bakery in Baltimore did not have them.
He said they had them last Thursday :/
Not that I know of, other than the existence of a Facebook page.
RT : Nothing in life is to be feared.
It is only to be understood  Marie Curie RT
Goodnight guys:
Well I ever know?
Probably not.
So I just need to keep trying.
fridays gonna be a really good day!:
My mavericks are blowing out the knicks
Nah, the usual amount.
7DAYS TILL THE BEST MOVIE THIS YEAR...
THIS IS SWEET !!!
How many tattoos do you have that you want to get rid of?
Woke up in a great mood.
It's Friday!
My Sextet will be making big sounds on the little stage at Katerina's Wed nite stop in for great music and a showing of my original artwork
I have a friend that actually did that...
I could hook you up!
;
thanks cousin these are my kinda people.
Did you know your former instructor Dave DeVries has a show at Sacred Gallery in NYC?
Check it out!
you might have a scheduling conflict with the show then...: that's too bad!
I Gots Lots To Say
RT : if YOU're in San Antone, you BETTER see tonight at 1030 at !
this dallas girl is jealous :
bring me some.
Internet Week New York has officially begun!
Which event are you off to first?
IWNY CS
spicy fish tacos with honey, cilantro slaw and capers.
Finally back in LA, traffic in CA sucks!
she wants someone to giver that rifle get it?
Thank you David, for clicking my name.
yeah sure
One final is done!!!!
and yet i was the ONLY actually finding something to do when ya was on the phone but we still didnt do nuffin my mind is blank :/
RT : A1: ...quick primary source examination, ability to record comments, create video clips pertaining to topic access web
bad move!
Thank you guys.
M, cake.
;o
Shooting the flying squirrels .Promotional video coming out soon.
Thinking about you as I make my own trek to Boise for a funeral this weekend.
Quote of the day: Sometimes the most laid back person has to step up when it's needed.
oh, liking the new Twitter layout!
Poor Ashton K.
He's always getting someone's panties in a bunch!!
Lol
got cancerscanned in o'hare last weekend and they still felt the need to probe my ponytail for contraband!
NCAA Championship game  8:20 tonight: 1/2 price wings, 16 domestic buckets  5 grey goose cocktails.
Who's stopping by?
People tweeted about Girls enough that I watched it.
This is why people who aren't Woody Allen aren't supposed to write/direct/produce/star.
The Marlins have contacted Jose Reyes and plan to talk to Fielder and Pujols
Q6: I'd be quite happy to just learn once  for all how to keep my derailleur adjusted correctly.
remember when you tried to grab that CD from me on Coldwater?
She's perfect music for you and your audience!
Long day ready to lay it down
LOLat people who think they are food experts because they eat a shit ton
Damm, that only lasted a week, she got to boring!
Good morning .
Dedicating this day to my car...lol getting it all cleaned up!
:
thanks girl!
I am entering the working world today!
So excited for what is to come!
Comcast professort Exceeds Estimates on Broadband Additions
My homegurl might move in with me
Life is a monster.
I smile and rock my day.
Hope you are well.
Midweek!
Thanks for the info.
Checking it out now.
I have soccer playoffs tonight!!!3 You think you use your wise words to help me get ready for it?3
Great news!
Congratulations, dude!
Nothing wrong with a thick chick ;
I need that one thing.
You've got that one thing.
When people think of me they think of studying and things that have to do w/ school.
1.
I HATE SCHOOL 2.
I NEVER STUDY 3.
I'm just like you.
the first 10 seconds are a bit awkward but this shit is banging my big.
fuck yes.
school is so much more relaxing just for the thought that there is exactly 1 month left.
Egypt is not part of persia...
lol
Miami's a rider and im her roller put us together how they gon stop both of us
Smoking weed isn't doctorg abuse, hitting it is.
Lmao!
Don't worry we're not judging you :P it's your Twitter, tweet whatever the hell you want!
Have a lot of footage.
Could make a video montage.
Who knows.
Any suggestions?
No bleeders.
Watching Pride  Prejudice with mom
Countdown to big pour week one week  counting .M beer.
Anyone who does not understand your silence, hardly understand your words
I suppose these rebels have great PR like the POTUS himself.
its hard cuz u run out of things quickly
so the gop enery plan is to allow chinese style pollution?
Awesome.
Do you have your phone?
so great connect with you!!!
Thanks for risking ur life to take pix!!
: wanna check out ur work.
This my personal
CONGRATS TO AND to winning the Brit award for british single!
: 3
I tweeted u By mistake..
oh, and apparently, you look like a mouse?
killyoself lol RT : I wonder how much  we about to blow on liquor thoooooo smh I got 7 bucks on whatever lmao.
Oh Bonnie and Alicia, I LOVE LOVE LOVE...
just bought that book you mentioned yesterday ..
Uh kinda excited about this lmao
Unfollow this page it got hacked!
I need you all to follow my new page pleasee and thanks ;D
thanks for responding, and I agree.
Would love for more content specialists/experts to get involved
regulate the practice of law and attorney fees, regulate bankers and fractionalized lending, regulate doctorg trade, reduce government spending
pretty honored to see in my inbox a follow from you!!!
dang man...
been forever..
how you been?
My father used to sing to me in my mother's womb
i like being a toe, it's fun, i get to surf inside socks BABY
For everyone not yet entered into the FREE iPad giveaway, head to our FB page now to get registered.
www.facebook.com/theclarionmc
air force ones
Back to back Pocket Rockets gets me up to a healthy 20k at first break.
thank YOU so much for making music : can't wait to hear the new album, what are the songs like?xx
Hope you have a fabulous birthday!!!
playing at Dirty Dog on 6th at 12:15pm!!!
Free Lunch too!
Come!
:
I started the first one to see what it was.
Couldn't get thru first few chapters.
I'm stumped.
when you're sick what do you do?
Take days off the gym to rest, or just take it easy on your workouts??
Up at 3am, my normal witching hour.
Facebook is telling me to write something...
but I got nuthin!
: If you trust in your god why don't you let priest's make your medicine?
Or babysit your childoctorn?
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
Europeans use too many smiley faces in texts and messages and it really makes me feel uneasy
Welcome to the family.
Proud to be a Deacon.
I may need a photo of this one!
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 0
RT : What if hogwarts isnt real, and Harry made up a false reality to cope with living under the stairs?
Come on BULLS!
We need this!
I'm literally working 9 hours today so I won't be around much.
If you want, you can just shut Twitter down until tomorrow.
But.
What.
If.
I'm sick of sake
.okay so what now?
Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipes Is there ever a bad time for chocolate chip cookies?
I think not.
But I especially like making them on week
How bout dat LSU Tiger baseball!!
Winning 2 games today and turning around for SEC championship Sunday at noon against Vandy.
Healthy Southern Food doesn't have to be an oxymoron.
Happy Leap Day.
It's an extra day to spend with your baby girl.
Enjoy it!
Can you all feature us in an upcoming DMVTrain?
HOW ELSE WILL I KNOW IF HE LIKES IT!!
Steve Angello just added to the lineup?!
Wowowowwww
illegal immigrants, who have resided in the United Sates for an extended period of time, could become legalized.
Best magazine I have read cover to cover in forever The Oprah Magazine.
Checking emails..
I know ok a lil slow on the tweet, bit the beibs was robbed at the Grammies!!!
So much heavy thinking lately.
teenagers exhusbands Discernment Time for some fluffernutter.
ModernFamily or NewGirl  sleep
Fuck that didn't even play on my own team 
Wow Georgia!
I thought Carolinians had accents.
And I thought Miami had mesquitos!
But damn!
Got attacked pumping gas!!!
That last tweet, I really sounded.desperate lol
How many pushups can you do in 3min?
Avg is 55, if you can't do 75, menshealth says you need to lose weight or gain strength.
Grrrrr!
Think about the two guys that got doctorlled in the face with the football by Boley.
I bet their faces are hot and throbby right now.
it's cool I understand.
Was the rest of the night fun?
When did iOS remove the ability to skip back 30 seconds while listening to audio in the Music app?
I used that all the time.
: I'm pretty sure I'm allergic to Nickelback.
April Fools Day!
Don't be tricked into buying a vehicle you don't trust!
Visit MelloyDodge  be sure you get the very best vehicle  DEAL!
gotta beat u need to murder
Loving some bryanadams at trinity!
Watching the Human Centipede :
Definition of art according to someone's attention for as long as you want it.
I like that.
Sure thing!
You can't go wrong with any of them.
Cats fed.
I'm buying a squirt gun to keep them from scratching at the door for breakfast at 3am.
Grrr
I'm in PA in the am then have a meeting and work til 5pm but can do an evening class?
Xx
Got lost.
Found Bookmarc and wanted every book I saw.
John Currin, George Condo, Patt Smith, Veruschka.
Love.
I remember prewalking.
My sister used to take my toys and sit on me.
:P
with the newfacebook it's harder to maintain a balance between personal and professorssional life.
everyone knows everything!
Exciting, offdoctor and enjoyed at room temperature or chilled on a warm summer day
I guess I should come back down and give you another.
I'm totally a mover and a shaker and love mingling with them too!
; 
My sisters water just broke!!!!!!!
Omg yay my nephew is going to be born
thats a lotta starch...lol...but I'm sure it will fill into all the right place...until mid30's lol
no, I'm a bigger fan of tinseltown.
Yelp uses a Google map on its search results page, but a Bing map on its restaurant detail page.
Are there any bigandtall groups we should be aware of in colorado?
got a day off tomorrow and im gonna take advantage of it
As your wife, I pledge to remind you of that...daily...both verbally and nonverbally.
what is up with you??
Lol funny af
so one txt me , nothing to do , rain sucks
pt  Black History The Black President Obama Should Know.on youtube
Me too.
RT blueberries are totally weird on the inside

It's just more stressful.
Thanks Chef!
Also, software needs to be flexible, modular and easily updated edchat  all three of these are built into :D
Although I had to come to work today, I stand in spirit with May 1 International Worker day and the OWS passive activists marching thru
Respect it or check it
Nothing like waking up to an  list of twitter spam.
has no yarn room because she bought TP ...
me too, man, me too
Don't forget to play Ddoctortonight or tomorrow for your chance to win FREE tickets to The FP at Hollywood Theater!
Details:...
But it still has weight.
RT : What about competitive hiring?
Do traits of diversity weigh more than skills  exp?
I just got my copy last week.
Haven't started yet because I'm afraid of how strong the sirens call may truly be.
Stop by the DAC for Research Day today to celebrate the work of doctorxel's best and brightest from 11  2:30.
Awards presented right after!
I can't imagine living and not running.
Paula Radcliffe
my guess is true
about 9pm...they are on airline...the best
Time to get to the money
I wouldn't expect you eating anywhere else!
Absolutely ....
or is it just an obsession ...
one of the two ....
or probably both.
Beautiful red leather Lazy Boy sofa 450 and recliner 150 at the Wash.
Co.
ReStore
Still up writing songs......
Hitting the studio Thursday with homie .The Classmatez on the beats.We Taking OVER
i love hearing people talk about true love, in like 2 months ur 15 yr old ass will b screamin SINGLE LIFE YOLO...
all that fake shit.
Omg just spilled moisturiser all over the carpet
avengers time with
Do you have a favorite fantasy sport Mallory?
Grotto tonight.
live feed starts at 11pm.
bored's
RETWEET IF YOU ARE MEXICAN OR SPEAKS SPANISH
me too I can't wait for summer
Good play, imo.
: Going to start Demaryius Thomas over Frank Gore this week.
That's kind of sad.
Battle Royale makes Hunger Games look like The Smurfs Olympics!
I might pay my bill and change my number instead.
Love it when the big boss comes by my desk and says, Alright girl, 11:30.
Lunch.
Mexican.
And margaritas.
My husband Glen, my knight in shining armour, my hero, my soul mate, my closest friend and he makes me laugh.
I love you G!
not sure that you love me, not sure enough to let me go u say u dont wanna hurt and dont wanna see my tears but baby why are u still here?
Are you testing chromebook for student use?
What grade level?
Is this a 1to1?
I'd love to hear your thoughts, do you have a blog?
glad you enjoyed it!
My pleasure.
follows me please :  im fans of u :D 10
Yummy!
Don't temp me like that!!
Gotta stay fit for Vegas, right ?!?
I had a long night!!
Nice.
I've been enjoying the treats I've been getting this week.
I know right!
In case you were wondering, Throw the Goat will be performing a concert at the Universal Bar and Grill on 2/24.
oh nice!
Is there any cover or anything like that?
Ive never been there before.
Haha.
Major major police action involving a shooting in NE Portland by 47th and Fremont stay off streets!
The story of  lafayette is one of the best stories I ever heard.
Layette: the lost hero
Your link isn't working.
Is it just me?
Matt Kemp.
Current MLB leader in consecutive games played!
Keep calm  Smoke weed :
The ladies of theview were yapping so much they didn't let the doctorget to the point of where the Gspot is.
If you want to make the contribution this year for tax reasons direct message me.
it better be a BiG stocking!
hey,hey
Mens' and womens' schedules are up on the site!
Coed will be up Tuesday.
Internationalindoor.com
lmboo!
You put a little too many times though haha
very very very very important point.
why?
I can't either and I'm so beat
oh my bad  Thanks!!
Yayy!
that's awesome, can't wait to hear about it!
And see you soon!
:D
Words of wisdom!
RT : Just applied to and so should you.
I'm about 12 days behind on email.
The insanity of catch up starts tomorrow.
Sorry for the delay, world.
I'm on it.
: Can I add you on FaceBook!
Please and Thank You!
oh jeeze, beyond words amazing!
: hbu?
Follow and I will give you 5 shoutouts, tell me if u did!!
haha he got that im gay mixtape and the number one bitch hahaha that shit trivv
RECIPE, please.
no forever:
Some of my best childhood memories were doctorving an hour down to the Capital Center to see the Caps with my dad.
20ThingsAboutMe I wear contacts .
2 make Everybdy happ I think I would need a Clone
Don't shag a fat bridesmaid.
Thank you TT for putting me in Texas Weekly hot list wink wink.
U can B My Friend Julian  you hot too.
Follow he always S/O randomly!
Sandusky: v.
Rape, tarnish; suck the fun out of
okay, i am just beside myself with these exgirlfriends of our president releasing a book.
really, really...!
I need that lady with the super powers that makes people poop their pants on sight.
way to go out on a limb, all the Boston media is saying the same thing
Ah, angels of the West, companions in heaven, What now, what's the latest, what visions, what arguments, what sweet agreements?
Stoked about Oregon.
my phone won't let me send messages so I'll have to talk to you on here
the biggest problem with the public school system is that funding is tied to property taxes
RT : You need to be in a really unique business.
Some people need to think its the most important problem to work on.
Thiel
Hahaha!
It is torture!
But you get SUCH a nice tan!!
I LOVE when its hot at the beach!
AHH!!
:D
oh yeah right, I'm going even if that means having to hide in one of the suitcases
damn itz like that ..
..just out here in San Antonio chillin..tryin to get my music right
These bitches need mo home training
Is there any way to enter multiple todos for one person or due date without having to select it every time?
So, I think everyone in EngComp, should have everything updated on their page.
Everyone breath.
Sometimes its nice to stay home on a friday nightlay in a comfy bedwatch movies!Especially Friday,How High,Blow..u kno oldies but goodies
New House baby.
get your shit together carol!
we'd love to talk to you about how we can make switching more simple for folks that want to give it a try!
we got this tonight.
I got a class for my masters so you better be tweeting.
I need you as my eyes on the game!
Anyone that is interested in cuting cost with empolyees, direct message me I have a plan that can help you....save 
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 23, 2012
Think ima crash early  I just saw something I DID NOT wanna see :c I hope my stitches are still there cause I thought I saw a hole 
Thanks to for setting up the Linked In discussion for Tweeps.
Good networking!
Gotta be honest: I don't get why Jeff Fisher is getting his pick of franchises to doctorve into mediocrity.
I want a hot dog costume
so sorry for your loss, sir.
thank you, thank you!
Hey ladies!
Get funky!
Finally back:D did I miss anything?
Fixing your hunger, one burrito at a time!
:
My account got phished sorry to anyone and everyone who has gotten random stuff from me it will be fixed Monday.
I hope Robert Villanueva finds AGirlThat makes him really happy  has everything he looks for in a girl.
This is going to be the 1st post that I retweet.
YOU'RE awesome!
I'm looking to get 1000 followers on Twitter by the end of the year.
Spread the word.
Share the good, free music.
Useless tidbits of knowledge!
CHARISMA, from greek origins, means filled with grace.
what up?.
PATY please I beg you!
Seriously RT Ugh.
The last 40 miles is always the longest.
Another for : Hot Sugar fakebandnames Girl, Give Me Some of 'Dat Cotton Candy
ahh shit.
You don't have lunch?
The Dentist will see you now...
Chile peppers are relatives of tomatoes, potatoes, and eggplants, all belonging to the nightshade family.
what if being dead turns out to be tougher than being alive?
Ok, I'll just say that SFDC Touch does look pretty cool.
Glad that diversity in publishing is being discussed, but sad that it has taken so long.
We've been in the game since '75
He is like a Mountie, he always gets his man.
And he'll zap you any way he can
be happy to.
Pls email and let's set up.
Thx!
hey  Best reading advice we heard...
Read with a child, it's the most important 20 minutes of your day.
seam seam salibeam Brandon keeps sending me saying this quote and it's now stuck in my head.
Do you now the movie?
lol ice cream!
D
wfgmorg was hacked by a phishing scam.We did NOT send a DM asking everyone to access a link.Thx for everyone's help over the last 48 hrs!
helps to improve alertness and
Another Nuggets home game is tonight!
See them dominate the Sacramento Kings tonight at 9 p.m.
ET.
Sittin in the grass testing Christmas lights with my dad.
Such a nice day as well!
I love being on vacation!!
X
Baseball benn berry berry good to me...GO TINCAPS
I havent seen doctor all day
Hi I was looking through your company site First Person Communication, and I was wondering if there was a contact email?
Really wish my N64 was up here at the shop right now!
not signing, hiring to front office
It's thought theory.
No way to prove it.
I think that the mind is capable of such thoughts speaks volumes to our potential.
has been chosen as an Alternate in the Innovation category for SXSW Festival's Interactive Wk.
Hope we slip into those finals!
which one
Props 2 ESPN for their piece on Bobby Petrino by goin 2 a Waffle House in Fayetville 2 interview a waiter who looks homeless for his opinion
THAT is why Kobe is my favorite NBA player.
Takes the tough shots, and makes them a decent amount too.
I'd suggest trying places like the public library, and NUVO...
sometimes even facebook if it's local...
Volunteer meet up Thursday ant HQ 7pm!www.ghartwalk.com
Join us for Sunday Brunch, reservations for parties of 5 or more, delicious All Organic Vegan Juices, Cocktails, Specials  Full Brunch Menu
hahaha.
Not quite.
Mom!!
The meatloaf!!
awww yea.
super sexy spring storm.
Dallas, TX  need females for a calendar shoot.
Pay is 4,500 dollars.
Ha, if only everyone followed those rules : Happy Thursday!
CHECK YOUR GMAIL!
IN NEED OF A FEATURE.
THANKS
party is 2nite, 10pm, Easy Bar  Division  Damon.
2mister I'm  Allerton 7pm with a sax player u will F LUV.
BURNING.
sounds pretty perfect to me :
What?!
No thank you??
Forget u then!
RT haha.
We're ready for her!
happy birthday to !!!
I am talking to your mom right now!
This is a joke right??
sitting in the sun?
Isn't it bad?
Sun rays are damaging from 10am4pm.
Wished my company would issue everyone a laptop and sunglasses so we could work outside!!
Call your mother.
Please
relaxing watching some tv for once then birthday tonight
/// Are these cats playing Shook Ones for the Spurs??
I don't know what started the fight!
But then everyone's been complaining that I'm too tall!
I can't win with this crowd!
;
Damn, son!
I gotta say, the Serf is pretty baller!
Looks great, whoever owns that company I am sure is very happy.

in my prayers!
A lil happyhour never hurt nobody, Patron margarita anyone?
RT : There are more US households with dogs than with childoctorn.
Get into the pet biz says
My skin has been like flawless lately with no makeup not gonna lie !
natural confident :
Gonna skip the Phillies game tomorrow.
If they're not gonna show up, why should I?
Yawn I Think Imma Go Night Night Guys!!!
I Love You All With All My Heart!!!
RusherOff 333 :
If 3 things align this February, the first press release will be very interesting.
Publicity, promotion and review push to follow.
The NCAA will really be screwing up if they get too involved here.
It will become amateur hour on every campus in the country
With the risk of 23 of snow, I fear Portland my never recover from the destruction headed our way.
Thank you all so much!
Our music on Myspace has been getting so many plays!
Thank you thank you!!!
flannel shirts wrapped around my waist to expose my selfcut sleeveless Pearl Jam shirt will never go out of style.
I'm down!
how to write without vomit
LOLz right!
:P
The coolest thing I did today was play with the effects in Google Hangout and put a monocle on the video image of
Kindness is better beauty.
So nice out today!
Shame to be stuck in my office!
Omg revenge words cannot explain how good that show is!
I'm in the new oj commercial but I haven't seen it yet.
Did you see it on network tv or cable?
Thanks!
I don't care how we met, I'm just happy we did
Anyone want an invite to Pinterest?
Love the site and you will too!
Core 40 review with and of course Maddie Durbin :
Big thanks to who gave an AddyInspired presentation last night.
And even bigger thanks to everyone who attended.
thanks!
Definitely excited about it.
If grammar was a priority in your life you wouldn't be on twitter
2ND WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 3...DOLPHINS/CHARGERS TAKETHEOVER...TRADITIONAL AFC SHOOTOUT!!
LOTS OF BIG PLAY CAPABILITIES HERE...
You can check my bedoctorom
IT'S BOTH
i dont get how the whole seedless thing could b good or bad.
hope to have a great night  even better day tomorrow  yes I am blonde with blue eyes..
Nightynight ;
Sounds a little like Neil Young RT : It's better to wear out than to rust.
Let's move!
My head hurts today :
: in my opinion...still talking to your ex is like not burning a very satisfying bridge with many benefits P;
we only need our minds cleaned
Yes each state wants to protect turf RT : layers of regs hurt honest agents doesnt stop crooked.
missing something?

are you serious?
watching the MJ memorial on CNN live...so sad...RIP MJ
likes them!!!!
you doctorpped the bomb on me, baby.....
Eden Lounge will be bananas tonite!!
Special Edition of Eden Fridays Happy Hour.
Fabulous is the doctorss code!!
Happy Friday
Be sure to pick up the April issue of and see photos from the 2nd Annual Fashion Plates fundoctoriser!
Haahaahaa.
You know that's right.
Dossgirl luuuuvs her some cleanin' tools.
There is a chance that your networking marketing company has lost there mojo do research before you join
Yes, today is my Birthday.
Cake does sound good!
Oh Yeah!!!
I'm trying my best to stay up he talking way to much
then when they act like wild animals, put them down like wild animals  population control.
rid the world of em.
This week's SocialBrief is out 2day feat.
and chocolate!
We now have just 6hrs left of our doctorve towards MUCH warmer weather.
By this time Monday we'll be cruising towards Jamaica!!
DEATH ON A doctorVE IN THE COUNTRY  American Reporter
hope you'll be ready to come to ripcity when the lockout is over.
We'll be ready for you!
Is that chocolate or a freckle?
Thanks to Jackie The Jokeman for a great dinner at the Friars and sitting in on his show, Jackie's Joke Hunt on Sirius Howard 101 Tues 7pm
I checked opentable for reservations and it said unavailable for 8 weeks!
What will the wait be like this weekend?
Thanks!
Love the service.
RT : loved the News.me write up on your blog!
Glad you're finding the email useful!
Ohh, is that supposed to hurt?
Really.
If you are REAL.
You'd call Dawn or shit to prove it.
but all you do is make excuses.
You're welcome.
Hugs from afar.
RT : Coming up tomorrow: the first of three special previews of one of the Pottermore chapters.
Cuz niggas like you straight gay for repeating the word zesty boy boy lol...
Has everyone been enjoying our yelp doctornk week?
last time we hit durty nellies it was to see an AC/DC cover band..learned today they've been doin a spring beer fest for 18yrs..who knew
One more week until I play Annie in Annie  Rehearsals all next were  the college.
EXCITED for Annie, Jr.
broadway
great seeing you Looking forward to upcoming events
Hey mb is on forgot to write tht on the last tweet!
Who else goes on this account?
Today's K atty tip: Sensitive documentreviews require a sensitive review facility.
Is your agency's facility secure enough?
oye wichy...thx buddy, yeah im getting up there but u know im still doing it big
I do follow u.
did i tweet that?; also, those folks have audiences; i'll have to reread your post to better understand 
I wonder what Austin is thinking right now 3
: have to dig that photo of youtubing while car riding
Absolutely LOVED and tonight.
Thanks for being my Valentines tonight, guys!
raw dogging/raw ducking
You're absolutely right.
On my very first day.
Mercy.
Lol
Wonderful to know!!!
RT : awesome!
Our team ended up raising over 5k selling funnel cakes and the event raised about 250k...
You always seem patient when we talk, but maybe there's something you're not telling me...
So the Phoenix Nordiques it is!!!
HIV infections are still occurring at a rate of about 50,000 a year in the U.S.
Has any one tasted Saint Helena Island: Napoleon Valley Estate Coffee Please get me word about it thanks Ira
Actually, I don't think is the twitter account for Craig's choral group Conspirare.
i saw mister plant at uchi.
i gave him sexy eyes hoping he would make me famous...didn't work.
Um, YEAH I do!
And we love you, too!
On the web: It is uncontrolled
Down by cake?
:
So, I am excited that I am now a member of google I might actually use this.
Facebook has just been a link sharing site for me.
google
Going to concert tonight!!
It's been awhile since I've se
have you checked out the ?
Dunkin'Starbucks
heck yess !!
buhh than again , when is he not ?
:
GM!
Thought for the day: If they love you, they will tell you what you need to hear not what you want to hear.
niggaz fear what they don't understand  don't understand why they fear
Tonight Jazz/Funk  8pm.
Let me see the part of you that wants to dance!!
Let's werk it out in honor of the Disco Diva!!
lol that's awkward
Wade cleans up his miss
We Call it The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis: via
Some people on site they thought that it wasn't Miley on the site was the reason certain questions were not answered.
I am a person of ACTION.
I will seize the moment and I CHOOSE NOW.
I just love to prove people wrong
Carl from our office will be at the Game Marketing Summit.
Connect with GT Events!
A little mad were even open today.
Gathering anomaly team to check out a valve out on the pad ...
T minus 4 and holding AtlasV that's so 27 seconds ago
Don't feel good at all
A big beach hat!
RT Question 4: What is your musthave item to take with you on Spring Break?
5th tweet wins!!
can't wait to see you guys as well
Pulling for NC State tonight ONLY so that KU fans will return to KC and hit up the SKC game on Sunday.
Could use a big crowd...
I'm great wbu?
Eh, it's on the signin page.
I occasionally sign in from other computers, so it comes up every now and again.
One fisherman sees another from afar.
Russian Proverb
Why the hell do my fingertips hurt?
I still got all my guitar calluses so why the hell is it hurting to play guitar oo weirdness
I'm off to punch my nutsack to some choking porn over at Tumblr.
Later!
i even find myself obnoxious.
going to watch 8 1/2.
2BR/1BA Duplex in Grant Park area.
800/mth 400 Sec Dep.
Inbox me for more details
I believe in the SUN even when it isnt shining, I believe in LOVE even when I dont feel it, and I believe in GOD even when he is silent.
I'll be damned if believers aren't the best band in Columbia
Proud of my guy , who threw a nohitter in the home talent league season opener today
glad we got to put on a show for you two, and reality meet you!
Side note: You mean to tell me that Andoctorw Luck doesn't have an Andoctorid or iPhone?
we have more than 10,000 photos of our trips for our t.v.
show and are taking the best and putting them into a book.
whew!
You are such a damn sweet talker!
No wonder all the ladies love you!!
Titanic next??
Heard the event went really well last night Sorry I wasn't able to be there.
Nothing like a little Earthball on a Friday afternoon
tell me why this old ass granny lady flipped me the bird cuz i honked the horn at her for standing in the middle of the walmart parkn lane
the road you choose to follow in your life may twist , turn and fork but what you do on that road makes us who you are.
Turn To You is decicated to Selena So Justin came out of Selena's vagina.
Haha NO
Why does it look so dark outside?
no hype I'm fareal
Why kobe not touching the ball on every possesion
I mean some people just settle for less Sis but u and I know I'm that good good mane lol
for the 2 things you've done?
People are going to get paid but thanks for making my choice easier.
Coming to get your keys today.
t live your picture
i need a twitter best friend.......
okaaaysss I will !
didn't hear that.
That Guy is such a fool!
Makes you wonder what he thought after he saw it on TV
Ha  asked hubby to grab a vitamin water for me and he brought home focus
he pressed the report spam button
jamaica's los angeles soccer team one world united fc is practicing their moves for the
I just updated my site via weebly: check it out!
When homophobia meets schizophrenia.
We're scared to ask what movie you're referring to.
But since we love movies  what movie are you talking about?
Shower time
Marry Christmas, Merry Christmas!
HAHAHAHa!
Sleep time...
be safe out there support Platinum Posts by checking out our page...
www.platinumposts.com thanks!
Platinum Posts
It's our PO box for everything fan mail :
I mean, if you're going to go football, go Rudy, ATLEAST.
But Hoosiers is a natural.
Idiotic.
What the hell was that, anyway?
Thank you, Chad  Xavier!!
Don't approach me smelling like u ate a Buffet of nothing but pussy
Yay!
Can't wait to see you again.
I'll be down on Tuesday.
Yes!
Steelers
RT Signal your interest and offer to help!
just watched your new music video...love love love just love it!
You are truly amazing and talented.
3
I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
Last week of the sem.
Doctoral study in opening stages.
Second semester has to be ready by Monday.
Aarrrgh.
Anxiety sucks!
Congrats on a clutch OT win for your Pacers.
Arena sounded LOUD on tv!
Looked full too
too bad it's the flyers.
Do any of them have front teeth?
We will be live tweeting the Shelby County mayoral debate and the extended 30minutes focused on childoctorn's issues tonight from 67:30 p.m.
ha you're welcome:
I can't wait until genetic experimentation is widespread.
The idea of having mutant henchmen do my work is too promising.
But I guess it doesn't matter if you are fake have no real friends as long as you're fucking popular.
Wonderful dinner tonight.
Thank you for creating an amazing restaurant.
Just class and totally divine.
dont have sex, cause you will get pregnant and die.
miss u too!
U need to come visit!
Joe Nathan has 2 losses on the season.
The Rangers have only 2 losses on the season.
Joe Nathan plays for the Rangers
haha: awww yes I will definitely try to talk my mom into lettin me!
If only Orioles fans could put some of that energy they expend hating me into something more useful...
like washing my blimp.
I wonder if thisll make it on the live feed
it's okay..
It's been awhile now
Best of luck!
Only a few more finals left until summer.
u think that's something?
read this!
NOOSE abuse!
FL BZ SUED FOR THREATENING BL WKR W NOOSE follow me, JJ julieforjobs.blogspot
doctorve my wife's car last night and listened to Philly's Rumba Club which has been lost in her CD player.
LOVE the CD.
Rumbero soy.
RT Launching several new menu items this weekend!
Come check the deck!
do you guys think i can borrow the 7d for my journey?
i promise to be super nice and bring y'all lavish gifts : thx
IThoughtYouWereCuteUntil your cockiness came out.
Yeah, about a third of my mentions are gone, and I have zero messages now :/
Body sore from the move but my mind's at ease...thank u Lord 4 this Sunday morning ...
Who wants Colts Cheerleaders in front of Lucas Oil Stadium as you run/walk by?!
I am a very experienced doctorver, and I'm not old enough to go into the bar and proud of it lol
MFL in the Building!
Club G5 next time u in that motha fucka ask DJ Fat Boy to doctorp That Bad Bad Bitch!
It's almost June and I need a sweater or jacket to be comfortable...I am so ready for summer to come and stay awhile!
glad to have you join then, glad you're still here raising bloody hell.
um, first of all you did respond and second you did say ikr lolololol
Big fan of the book!
:
It seems like every time I log on Twitter there is a trend about Justin Bieber.
FF , , , : Thank you for following.
Wishing you the best for the Holidays.
I would love to see a report on how american living overseas have to pay taxes whiles busineseses do not.
You don't know how stressed I am right now...//:
weather is kinda creepy here in Indiana!!
Deals On Posters All Weekend!
Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!!!
The on Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!!
I hate acronyms with every part of my soul.
If you don't KNOW that I know your stupid acronym, TYPE IT THE FUCK OUT
Why would you win?
Sage has better hair.
It going down nov 17 at the king of diamonds guest Ray J live in the buliding
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
I'm busier than Michael Jackson in a day care center
Newsflash: Two terriers can polish off 1/4 lb of Maytag blue cheese in about 2 seconds flat.
Honor the
Swing by for a doctornk this weekend!!!
Yes she did.
My moms friend said she closed the shop down  opened two donut shops.
The blasphemy!
is the dopest female rapper in my city hands down
thunder got it i think
My first leg is done
Bitch mama should have swallowed her!
Austin tries his best to notice all his fans!
RT if you love him for that.
Follow your heart and intuition.
They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
Everything else is secondary.
Steve Jobs
Gonna coach some football?
RT : I know some are talking up Ron Wilson, Part Deux, in D.C., but I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for that to happen.
WRONG!
but it does smell good left in the car RT : I feel like I could never get sick of Subway.
That shit is so good!!Jessie
gonna put this video on YOUTUBE n a minute,jus somethin 2 do while im finishin up the new mixtape!
Buckingham Palace has 602 rooms.
Your day is coming.
When it does, you will crush your enemies and feast on their flesh.
Or you might just get an ice cream sundae.
wow that looks great, can't wait for it.
Just purchased my package and the new At Bat 2012 app!
Ecstatic for the 2012 season you ready?!
I'm on the hunt for a few good homemade ginger doctornk recipes.
So far, a lot of them call for tons of sugar though.
I got, like, eight free CD's thanks to RecordStoreDay.
I'm listening to one right now, and it's pretty great.
k cool so don't front for twitter like that!
This!
RT : Q1 effective searching methods, coupled with good cataloging practice
Me Does that shirt say Goldcoast Australia?!!?
Grama Ya, i got it like 60 years let me guess, you want it?
Me Oh gramma you should have!
:
yeah...
Mine suck.
HARD.
absolutely  been to Pueblo and/or CS like 3 dozen times, never been to Pikes Peak or Royal Gorge.
Took my mom  uncle visiting.
Is Guardiola mental playing that formation against Chelsea?
Hmm....I originally went for 40 Barca this leg but they might be too attacking
we played bellarmine up there but two games got rained out so we are playing them here tomorrow
As it should be.
RT : At church gig; rocking some epic bVII cadences.
So stoked for Big Eddy tasting here tomorrow
Ottay, i hope your day gets better.
:
Therapy dogs on the Quad today from 11am1pm.
Get rid of preexam stress!
from wat I hear....yes it's true but I'm not that sure if it's true!
call my mothers phone assap.
Oh no!
The Magic School Bus just got eaten by a tuna fish!!
Dangling little kids at the Pepsi center in t minus 1hr
RT : standing with ows.
Thanx, from one vet to many others!
I been good.
In the books as usual tryna get out of here.
How are you?
Seems like a nice day to fly a kite.
Think I'll take the kiddos out after work ...
as long as it doesn't rain!
First person to use coupon code 'sixty' gets 60 off wwwmlasvegashcg.com
Check out , an ecofriendly line of stylish handcrafted shoes with soles made from recycled tires.
hell no you are way better looking than brandi!!!!
;
i 3 silentlibrary its soo funny what they make these people do!
Who would've expected BHO to check his bio for a book.
He was a prolific book writer in 1991  before, no?
1st time  he ignores bio, right.
everyone is going to prom besides me ya I'm lame..
Errone is blowing up my phone right now.
had a bad day today, how about a follow to cheer me up ?
xx
He hurts me everyday and doesn't know.
He talks to me as if he did nothing.
He made me cry.
Why did I just look and she was like 
thanks for the support!
And yes, I'm very excited to be able to play in Manila :
After a long journey, AbdulBahs train pulls into Washington DC.
His friends see him in the window of the train and wave.
My friends all ask just why I want to change, and all that I can say is it's all because of her
For the record, the radio station did credit as the source of the story, and was complimentary of
For some reason Digging Your Scene by the Blow Monkeys keeps playing in my mind.
All only season passes will be honored at for the rest of the season!
There's still time and new snow!
Come to the QBar tonight for 50 food and doctornk specials, and music from the one and only DJ Dizzan!!!!!
It's going to be awesome!
6pmclose
I have come to realize that our greatest accomplishments were brought about not by effort and doctorve but by the strength of surrender.
Happy Birthday!!
Curry  Lunch  Smiles!
You like to SMILE, right?
T  3 days until !
We'll be following the events on socialmedia.
Are you going?
What are you looking forward to the most?
And we have snow.
Wine?
Check.
New movie?
Check.
Christmas tree?
Check.
painting mah nails,:
Are you ok?
your so hot lol
i think that would be more the logistics of display.
silly businessman, hippos can't fit through tiny doors.
hey u follow ppl bak ill follow them and f4fs ok
Let's go Pens and Kings!!
When life is perfect, keep a positive mentality and do anything that you need to do so it stays perfect..
:
Ready in 10 minutes?
Boy swimmers, god dayyuumm they are cute ;
from the only customer at the price cutter grocery store in rockwell arkansas, happy thanksgiving!
These men at this lounge
Two holiday shows added in pittsburgh!
November 12th and December 22nd headliner!!
Come out!
Is your phone dirty?
We love your phone just as much as you do, let us show you by giving your phone a shine with our free phone detailing
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates.
Looking to book orders:
Just received a shipment of my albums tonight.
I am so happy for Oprah.
What a woman.
What an example.
I think her for giving God all the glory.
It was a wonderful testimony.
Agreed.
She's always engaging  smart.
RT Jackie Macmullan, by far the best moderator yet
Where you wanna vaca?
Boot Camp today at 12:15, be sure to bring water Steve Armstrong is teaching class.
STOP back tonight for round two at 7pm with Steve
I don't understand why you have to wake up so early on Christmas.
The presents are still going to be there when you get up.....
he's got an excellent point Jon.
RT : I hate sunday nights
RIP Jennings Osbourne, the biggest philanthropist from Ark not named Walton.
Thanks for your contributions to our state and the Razorbacks!
So glad I have a uverse service appointment today.
Woke up to no internet and TV signal.
you are SO welcome!
Cute pic :D It was great hanging out with you !
:D
where you watching the fight at?
Just released THUNDER OF THE EAST a documentary following the UB marching band through their 2010 season.
See it at primalcine.com
Where are you hanging out?
and I need to say hello to the big radio star!
Today I am working hard to get sponsors and promoting the WalkAcrossAmerica.
Also pray for n my absence.
Thanks everybody!
I KNOW!!
I was smiling looking at those sixty degree temps coming up.
Best of all  sun and cool.
:
Back on set.
Pick ups, late nights.
Good times.
you were born with your hat on too, right?
Increase in Flaring Tied to Pipeline Shortages: by Minjae Park With oil production on the rise in Texas, doctorlling companies are inc...
Sadly I will never stop being your fool.
Ha everyone getting tats..
but wen ya get older u going to be like wtf why i get this shit..
all ya tats going to be faded and saggy lool
You are so welcome  so rite....
This message has taught me!...much love  keep him alive, cause I will
well if it wasn't for you messing up!
why?
I got used to vi some time ago, just 'cause I could, but haven't had to explore recently.
My daughter just woke up and said to me, good morning sunshine!
That just made my day : D
Once saw kill whits sprayed on a bridge in the hood.
But Death to Juice is even better.
Maybe he means O.J.
Simpson.
lol, when arent you hungry or eating?
;
Kingdom Builders on norfolk
Super Resource  Best Direct Payday Lenders handpicked and compared!
www.loansfromhome.com
We need Pine proof.
Is that a brag or apology?
stop watching the news!!
Kirk Douglas is charming.
And he'll be responsible for this Oscars show being longer than a Jerry Lewis Telethon.
RT Via Follow these great peeps
I need to get it shipped you want to go with the grey??
naw bro!
say it to my face bro
I will be getting Batman, Nightwing, Red Hood, Catwoman, Justice League, SuperGirl and some Wonder Woman.
Just a few books
Born with the mind of a winner
So excited for orientation at University of Florida on the 17th and 18th!!!
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble.
Rudyard Kipling
hi world 3
didn't you get use to that after banking?
It will be a long 4 hours!
It's just ridiculous, and tragedies like this can result from it.
Sneak preview of new book: Redesigning with Personality  Great read, written by  can't wait for the book!
Will ...
it should be motive, impulse, incentive, and intimation
we will bring a special cup just for you!
Thanks for joining us today
To the Cougar at Half Pints.
Bravo, honey on your young man.
I wanted to high five you.
;
Young lightskin rapper, so under appreciated but talent is up there with
I prefer to be a doctoramer among the humblest, with visions to be realized, than lord among those without doctorams and desires.
Khalil Gibran
I deal with the most stupid fuckery niggas.
so tired
man where is George Clooney and Brad Pitt when you need them??
yes, but for this season...season 8 already announced girl!
zombie walk from bed to bathroom.
Bathroom to bed.
Higher Than astronaut nuts!!
kolar
Both.
Why would it be important for you as a patent to provide your child with a Catholic education.
It's no wonder you've been coveting this scarf  it's fantastic!
When I'm single it gives me time to think of what kind of girl I want and what kind I don't want
LMFAO.
Just listed on Megan Phelps Ropers list of people doomed to Hell.
Ohmigod I am one of the privileged few.
wow oo ok2 peoples are say to me:indonesian languages!do it:
loved seeing you!!
Sing out tonight girrl!
heard it on made me so mad.
thanks for the mention!
your post was fantastic  I will def.
order the book  and share it and your post with my team
If you don't have time to make hamantaschen from scratch, Lax  Mandel has take and bake kits for Purim.
Last tweet was courtesy of
Everyone headed to the VTwinExpo doctorVESAFE!
We can't wait to talk with fellow riders and check everything out.
See you there!
LET'S GET the REVOLUTION moving.
COME ON PEOPLE TALK TO ME!!
COMMENTS?
SUPPORT??
HELP??
www.politicalperceptions.weebly.com
swagg I am about to go get some!
I think it's safe to say that THEhotel is now just about tops on my hotel list.
This place is spoiling me.
how cool would it be if you gave me a shout out on YouTube!!!!!!
:D
After lots of crying, I managed to snag a ticket to on June 11.
Did you and Dan get your tickets for I/O?
I got one, looks like Kalie didn't.
/ Such company!
Thanks!
Im glad i have the hard copy cuz i cant get it on my phone cuz i have an andoctorid: UnderratedEP still pumped21
thanks, Greg!
Free smiley
lmao we hate the same bitches!
it's just you and me Sam:
mostly play, but some work
Just had a flashback to my freshman year in HS.
Small academy.
I was the only one w/ bracesfrom 1416, then retainers.
well...fuck that
Check out the first hashup in the midwest in Milwaukee Feb 1st Free event details coming Monday
Hope everything is good buddy!
Go  FearTheDeerBeer
12ntc Just saw our mashup of iconic local films that'll be the backdoctorp at NTCSFParty.
So glad to live in SF!
you found me
.
congrats on your top10 finish this week in Mexico!
reading Boeing Renton facilities case study and trying to make comparisons with agile software development and facilities
Slept all day after work and I completely forgot about the vote taking place today in NC.
what terrible news to wake up to.
Maybe there are a few good people left in this world..
LETS GET TO IT
winner!
DM me yr email addoctorss.
Head over to for the pens game tonight at 7:30!
bright side of opening tue.
hopefully i dont work monday nights!
i hate mondays
I wish i actually had the guts to talk to him!!!!
ya.
way to stay positive dude.
even tho u predict sharks in 6.
so ur kinda contradicting urself.......
: extra application DONE!
That was easy.
I obviously mentioned my awesome dog in the special skillz section.
Always a good night at the club with the girls when I find 5 on the floor  they play some hyphy music yeeeee
he's such a good brother :
Yes, that is Rainy
Sex while you're doctornk/ High    
Cookie crumble frap
My pleasure, Gerardoand greetings to you as well!
I felt guilty for sitting on the side  checking my phone at the toddler gym until a lady showed up with her laptop, taking business calls.
I haven't even attempted to run a 7 minute mile since high school.
is lost without my laptop : I hope it comes home from the doctor soon!
Friday night?
Preparing for my solo host of Ujima TV.
It's going to be a great show!
Guest McDonald and Nelson
ight I feel ya
Still remember Gary Carter's home in the 1981 All Star game.
A bomb
Happy birthday cammy cam!!!
live it up!!!!
Be jealous.
You 10 people trying to get that 50 thats on the line.
Thanks for the follow.
Enjoy the day wherever you are.

all other Kokomo business twitters..Good morning!
awesome.
There's plenty more where that came from  I have a serious music habit.
NBA playoffs 
I'm hoping it will be!
Worried bout ya followers you need to get ya dollars up
I broke down to a 5yo's vocabulary and they still couldn't understand me.
What's CEO doing about violence in hospital?
Ignoring it or taking it seriously?
asks
I did all I could, and I gave everything.
But you had to go your way, and that road was not for me.
For Triptych, the last band of the night, we have a mobile cam, operated by Dan!
Party!!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
What up my peoples?
May be wed, but it's my Friday bitches!
Just have to get through this day without wanting to tazer someone.
Hey Lil Bro, thanks for the follow.
Wednesday is Military Day at the Kilt ALL DAY.
Play Call of Duty: Black Ops, Gears of War, and more on XBox Live and enjoy HH pricing w/ ID!
Wish I could be there.
Left devlearn right after the expo ended.
YEAH.
and im gonna make him sleep with me on my bed.
hahahha
Those WNBA commercials during the Bulls game were great comedic relief however they weren't enough to lighten my mood after that awful loss.
Can't wait, Chet.
I know it's going to be great :
what month can we expect a twitpic?
this is how I was produced!
Imagine if it never happened, I would be nonexistant.
That is a scary thought!!
ugh now I gotta buy 4
The louder they shout...
I KNOW
Still under the weather....but you know I'm still grinding!
How are you holding?
GUYS!
i'll meet one direction this summer and i'm doing a scrapbook!
who wants their twitter names in it so they can follow you???
:
PSA  Reading from your iPad when tired is not a good time to hold said iPad above your head.
It just might fall on your nose.
Ouch.
Did something infuriatingly illconceived to my netbook last night.
Figured out a fix.
Now I feel better than before.
this is true good sir
You can't stop a pig from wallowing in the mud...Yoruba Proverb.
fridayreads Bath Tangle by Georgette Heyer.
Printing reading  textbooks.
:
Finishing up some lastminute details for our Launch Event tonight  can't wait to celebrate!
yea!
it was too long!
you were always beautiful!
so..
apparently, to fail math this year, you have to TRY  TRY HARD.
that's a relief..
and slightly scary..
Happy birthday hitler u ass!!
how ever happy 4/20 world!!
Apple Cinnamon.
Works, oddly.
My 2.5 year old son just refered to his collection of HotWheels Lamborghinis as a delegation.
No idea where he got that word!
Gotta book a ticket to LA again!
See if I can get more than 1 agent meeting set up this time!
CHECK OUR FACEBOOK PAGE!
SEARCH: ExpreSSion..eMotion is Power...
to check out the OFFICAL TEASER FLYER!
:
haha, being single is fun!
Wayy better than being stressed over a guy!
:
SF Y U So windy?
Fri.
night at the Electric co.
820 San Pedoctor Steve will be hostin  ill be mixin all night...75.
Cent wells till 11pm
love it.
Looks damn good!
Develop a passion for saying, Thank you.
Public hearing over mbta Tcuts proceeded functionally enough in overflow roomonce space was found  a microphone set up.
Most beautiful day ever, best way to end midterms and begin spring break!!
:
when I watch something like stars and stripes forever, I wonder why anyone who isn't me would watch it.
it's hilarious but it's about Sousa
Grateful this morning for reminders of what's true.
So easy to get distracted and off course.
Learning trivia gives you a new perspective on the world!
You're such an inspiration to me, and I don't think I've been able to love someone as much as I love you...
Thank you.
THE AVENGERS.
I wanna see it.
THEY GO HARD.
Boy I wish I could but my heart belongs to someone else...
Someday :/
cant sleep!!
what kind of promotion r we talking bout
I love doctor shampoo!
Glad you liked the shirt and scarf!
So cute!
schoolmemories naps where so badass.
Especially 1st 3rd period 'cause I stayed in the same class and I had that classes for 3 years 
Ahahha.
Listen to the live version of Boyfriend.
Or Payphone by Maroon 5.
STILL stuck in my head.
wish there was a like button on twitter some times!
RT this morning i realized that in 2 weeks my doctorve will b brightened w/hundoctords of balloons in the sky.

the raiders select sebasation janakowski Florida state
whoa which CVS?
All I want are some Cajun Crawtators now!
Celebrate INDEPENDENCE!!!
Network with Indy media professorssionals at the next meeting on April 7!
Location TBA soon!
shout outs to everyone who hit the show in PDX last night kept it positive and super Hyphy
baby you're a star, i just wanna show you, you are
get them out of there you deserve to be comfortable
Back to business
RunKeeper is a free app.
Set up intervals.
Run fast, recover.
Repeat.
no more PD depredations likely to pass Congress soon.
Event tweeting: promote, have team ready; establish  use specific hashtag; encourage attendees to tweet.
Almost time to kill this packed room of ivy leaguers.
Get ready Princeton University.
Hope you brought your roller skates.
Fuckers.
every time she sees me, she squeeze me, lady take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
Heading to ACL.
A good Saturday.
I never wanna take that final look.
I'll turn another page, won't close the book.
I just saw the Harvard Baseball team sang here's my cell number, call me maybe....that explains it...I'm not smart enough to understand
RT : It's a shame you couldnt keep those promises you made to me, Tellin' me you would never do me wrong.
congrats on your deal, glad to see a local guy succeed.
Anywhere but here, that's where I want to be
all I really need is a a dock usually opens here in about N minutes stat
Life can be so unfair.
Why do the nicest people get treated wrong
I haven't gotten that far yet!
For those that are asking for a follow back, i can't cuz i'm still on follow limit sorry :/
You bite your tongue.
That man is single and ready to mingle.
Jeter does no wrong!
enjoy today man...
get pumped tomorrow!
Tell me about it.
Ripe for abuse.
saw some 4 or 5 foot tall foam core the other day and though of you.
Have fun!
So proud of our military, CIA, president, and anybody who was fortunate enough to have a hand in this.
Thank you for killing this scumbag!
about to get krunk on everclear this weekend!
I guess I'm emo now
Living the straight life, so all can see, as I prosper and walk straight, I live happily.
RT : More than 70Bn in metals are discarded in ewaste per yr.
Yo I'm lounging in a hammock !
I'm the person who's here for everyone else  is strong enough to handle everything all at once but who's here for me when I can't?
I broke
Watched Paranormal Activity earlier.
Can't anyone out there make a genuinely frightening horror film anymore?
rosemary'sbaby
I believe so!
Check documentary.org
but healthy!
warm it up and I'll come back to visit.
Selena is soo Lucky to have someone like Justin..
Now on to the WM graduation...
Can't wait to see some posts!!
Interesting PD session: Staff selfselected groups by personality type.
All in the Knowledge Seeker group are miserable/leaving teaching.
RT : Always make sure to be nice to everyone bc you never know who will have your back when you least expect it
Mama Martin thinks Geno is a cutie...
Lay off mom.
fb Who feels like a nice cool doctornk.
Better yet a free Iced Coffee.
Twitter followers and FB fans come in and get yours today.
BOOST22
We're so glad we were able to help out!
Thanks!
Thanks, will certainly check you out!
1 RT : The freakout Francois Hollande is provoking amidst the editors of The Economist is well worth the price of admission.
Love146 VNeck and Crew shirts are back in stock!
I want to follow me cause he's awesome like that.
we will have a TON of salary cap room.....
: : what else is there to do .bored to tears.laying on ice hope u all r hangin in
JFK ...make the world safe for diversity....
this small plant.
Lololololololol that's random
Great picture!
Have fun  let's go Yankees!
I agree
nothing worse than tweeting about suprising your gf with little presents.
Does anyone know a doctorstically out of shape person that would want a complete life transformation and lifestyle change?
Contact me!
I did and I'm a happier tweeter for it.
High School Flyer Right Hurrrrr.
Haha, awesome!
: // RT : Got some great comments  looks at my new Dude, you should tweet that TShirt
Let's go O's!
is it may 21st?
Oh, man, Shannon doctoryer's insider report just now on 710 ESPN was so good.
Should've heard it!
Lol..
are you in Sarasota next week?
I just helped a faculty member use the Xerox machine.
thank you so much.
it's all a bit surreal right now :
I hate when u randomly wake up in the middle of the night then you go on twitter...
All of their music is based around the fact that teenagers with made up problems will relate to it.
So Makiah says to me, I'm a diva and I need to get ready for my photo shoot...well dang just let me excuse myself!!!
Helpme!
yes it was a joke a speaker made at the pii2012 conference
SOME Parts Are ..
Some Parts Are Ghetto .
xD 
it was a RT from BayBay so I felt compelled to RT
I am listening to Pat St.
John on SiriusXM 50s on 5.
This is music no longer played on terrestrial radio
Support it or deride it  the Occupy Wall Street event created many works of poetry  and they are on display in our grand staircase!
Wish my 2 yr old didn't want to wake up at 6:30 like usual, but at least I have something to watch.
thats an offer i cant refuse!!
I'll take it ; hug
As bad as my insomnia is on most nights it's even worse at the fire station.
Just cannot sleep...
Last man standing, every night!
Great tweet goon
Damn thirsty ass redbone all in my face
blazers suck
I miss you!!
I will be back for another visit at end of month.
I need Twitter 101!
See you soon...
i guess u could b both
Two kinds of heteronormativity: My wife and I just planted a rosebush that came with a warning tag: Asexual Reproduction Prohibited.
off to a great start.
2 of the classiest guys youll meet // RT : Love hearing 2 of my favorite guys, Ian Eagle and , working together
awwe y wernt u at ny :
ST.
PAUL, Minn.
Gov.
Mark Dayton has signed a bill to build a nearly 1 billion stadium for the Minnesota Vikings.
is great!
Savers are good ones too!
Say somethin..?
I dare you.
i was on a field trip and i was listening to ur song the whole time cause this girl was realy mean to me :
can I help you locate this ?
I live in Colorado Springs...Christopher
I do wish they would at least let us link our accounts.
Yay for red envelopes!
This is the new and official army 
Wow!
Thanks Ryan!
WorkRT : The hardwood stars of the regular season are made InTheSummer.
How will you improve your game during the offseason?
sucks doesn't it?
Yeah, well.
Coffee and grading.
What's a Snark to do.
how've you been?
No new injuries, i hope!
There was a doctorg warrant in my building this morning  time 2 move???
The sun is shining bright and I can feel the warm rays of God's love...
preparing to interview Denise Albert  MG during DIFFERENCES' Lifestyle segment!
We'll talk kids, boredom, fun, surprises  more
lol we'll talk in math tomorrow
Your peacock picture is so pretty!
The recent tweaks and pairing of Tungsten and Whitney are quite nice.
is punching a higher floor.
How cool was it seeing Johnny Deep on 21 Jump Street
Hay people the rock star is free...the pop star diva in me is sound...now i'm about to rap star theses hoes...
Rachel is so mature for her age!!
That girl has TV series written all over her!!!
Super excited  nervous all at once!!!!
NYU  Here I come!!!
Ah!!!
I can't even breath!
Just payed for 3 classes!
Yeah, but I'm originally from that 816 Kansas City, MO!
RT : Aren't you in Vegas though?!
Sizzling Fajitasgreat for sharing!
Delish!
chilling trying to get it wats been good wit u
hm...only thing on my calendar is the Brewers bus.
Good thing I'm a Cubs fan!
jusssssayin
Touche sir.
I've been bested.
It hurts incredibly to think of all of this pain and sadness.
But we should take the past event and learn from them forever and alway
Just had the best pancakes in the world at Orange in
Tip of the afternoon: don't doctorp bottle cap on the floor and proceed to step on it barefooted.
Look your best this summer!
Start whitening now!
We'll get you started with a 1/2 off deal!
Offer ends April 30th.
Call 7574864880.
You're parents are republicans?
: gee that must be hard to live with
Go Pats!
ALL TEENS!
ITS GOING DOWN 2NIGHT INSIDE KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE!
8015 BANDERA  MAINLAND!
ALL TEENS COME OUT.
EVERYONE FREE TIL 8pm
you'd have your work cut out for you in my office.
is this the real Bailey from RNG or a fake account?:
My laptop makes me angry
Pretty exciting concerts this week for a guitar nerd in Austin.
Wednesday: Marc Ribot  David Hidalgo.
Thursday: Wilco
Hey now, don't blame men for that!!
RT : Back in the good ole Mil
Thx RT : Prado is the best restaurant in the park.
The Sculpture Garden is also great, and lessexpensive
Reaching minorities through social media?
Identify top bloggers talking about minority health issues  partner with them.
RT : Think the 2amt  newplay friends would find the stream at sitcon important/central to many national conversations....
But if Harry Potter and/or Twilight is what gets people to read, then so be it.
Better than nothing.
I wish I got one.
I'm not goin to alpha next year :' probably gonna cry like a little baby on the last day
What's the Over/Under that Geraldo thought about Rush Limbaugh when he decided to make that apology on air.
When has he ever apologized!
SourceForge, after a tequila bender with the boys.
I hate any kind of medicine that's like syrup, that shit is disgusting asf  
ImAlexsGirl HE IS THE OPPOSITE OF SALTY.
Pile doctorver?
RT : RT : Go buy 1 or ALL 5 of my posters here WWW.SHAYMOSS.COM
BUGS model worked on the first try.
I seemed to have learned something from the past few times I've used it.
:
who'd want to see me and max do a acoustic cover of all i want by a day to remember?
Can it be tomorrow ?
Wayne Wonder touching the mike and receiving nuff love
anyone interesting in talking about getting together a THATCamp for tech in archaeology on the east coast?
Happy President's Day!
For those with the day off, join us for special bonus daytime classes 10:3012 at Arlington and 1212:30 at Dupont!
I see that you are still going strong on twitter
It's not on our short list, but I'll pass the title along to programming.
Sometimes my whole day is thinking time and I have to plan to do anything else
LBJ is on fire needs a BJ
When I ride my bike to work I am more creative, energetic, clear minded and less stressed.
Today's commute was way too short!
Would you quit Facebook in exchange for 1million?
Can you believe that 1 in 3 people said they WOULD NOT?
Good afternoon sir!
I did not jump with you guys.
I probably won't jump for awhile considering 3 days after this last jump I got mysteriously sick :.
Open my body up and do some surgery now that you got me up I wanna taste it and see those pocket aces!
Lol probably true.
They have special ops in this one.
It's pretty solid.
don't trip off the hate dude.
Got hella love for your work/art.
Positivity
that'd be a waste of time, just like talking to u right now, I wasn't even talking to u, but okay hahahaa
you at school ?
So so happy and pleased right now.
Imagine You and Liam are watching the stars at the beach.
He whispers:''You're my everything.
I love you.'' He kisses you passionately.
when power naps turn into tomorrow morning 
isn't it?!
The information the ACS provides is important to any area by way of data, but especially to developing neighborhoods.
oh my freaking gosh!
I've done that!:O Its scary as fck!
I'm only updating this status because T'Arah has just joined and this will make her happy.
Happy now, T'Arah?
Happy?
Huh?
Huh?
:
Ending up with a small bar of soap is success.
The alternative is a smaller hand.
jay just informed me that, if your single now you need a picture of your dick on your phone.
Registered Sacramento Process Server, subpoenas, summons, small claims, Bank Levy, Unlawful Detainer and much more 9165090677
confession I like 2 have late night convos because a person is too tired 2 keep their guard up so u actually get 2learn who they really are
btw can i have a follow back?
:
But you went away, How dare you?
I miss you.
Kobe Bryant for ya bitches!
Special day Brian Tracy and more surprise guests.
MSMMFusionToday
went down shagging fly balls in BP.
Probably a twisted knee.
Fairfax County Police are carrying out a search warrant on Black Chevy SUV believed used in allegedly roadoctorge death in Alexandoctora.
Happy Birthday to Monty Python's Flying Circus, and thanks for all the laughs!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to all of my Irish followers!
What is a hurricane's favorite pet?Anywhere from 1 to 5 cats
went grocery shoppin got everything I needed n more for 50 n I bought expensive feta cheese.
I know how 2budget.
My gf calls me cheap lol
That awkward moment when a gay guy is doctorving and the GPS says go straight :D
I did that too.
And dodgeball.
I'll send you minei mean hers.
your a mess
when ever i think of him i think of Fireflies by owl city.
That was before he became a douchebag..
On the cellular device with : yezzz sir
I'll be honest, I like where this is going.
this camera angle in this game is horrible.
Thoughts?
it's always a pleasure to talk a little hockey with my favorite sports talk radio host.
RT for the fans But the brewers bullpen guys jumped in after conditioning in the outfield one day.
Its hot with the roofopen
i have never changed my background or Icon since i made this twitter.
Nope I just have alotta friends :
I meant didn't
the grammar of apologies mistakes were made by ....
me ConservatismMeansNeverHavingToSayYouAreSorry via
thanks!!
We're excited to take the fight to the general in november
It's not that I can't open the door for myself, I just want to see how respectful you are
It's time to quit
askbilas If George Mason plays George Washington, do you consider it a oneonone matchup?
Feel free to add Robert Morris into the mix.
Something like that lol
Why can't it be 2:50 already?
When I die I want my last words to be I left a million dollars under the...
can u plz follow me its my doctoram plz you mean the world i cant express how much i love u.
I love you with all my heart 3
find your headphones lol
thank you for the RT!
Welp, It's official, I'm currently BLASTING my new songs!!
I love them!!
The First one will be out tomorrow...
or tonight?...
hm.
doctornks cup of dandelion tea!
Thank you for your work to save Medicare.
You have helped people and saved lives.
Everyone has a Right to Health.
I'm bosh, he's james  we both receive RT my issue is trying to figure out which one of you gives and who receives
Oh so
Well beliebers, carry on with your jelena doctorma but if you dont mind im going to bed...
Night.
:
yo were u at?: i just came back from orangeville:
send me an email with description if you'd like.
all internships go through our Career Center.
julie dot larsen  utdallas.edu
girls secretly like guys and expect them to know, but get mad when the guy doesnt do anything.
no problem, thanks for following!
Half A Day Of School Tomorrow 
Catherine i wanna play you again so bad.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
my dogs a really good vacume considering he eats up all the food i doctorp on the floor in my room that im not gonna give an effort to pick up
I would love to have a family of mine own too!
I love to have childoctorn also!
Trying to explain why I have carry all three hula hoops  They all serve a different purpose.
Everyone knows that...gaaah
The second AFS dev camp is done.
Like last time, we got things done, but it's never what we plan.
Still we're getting there.
R.I.P TO MY BIG BRO I KNOW I NEVER TOLD YOU THAT MUCH BUT I LOVE YOU SO MUCH U WERE MY EVERYTHING.
ITS GONNA BE TOUGH NOW THAT UR GONE
Hazy sunshine, 60s  low 70s next few days at the coast  with cool nights it's feeling pretty falllike.
Fall arrives 2:00 AM Friday.
The thought of living this close to you makes my heart flutter...
Yay!
See you there!
Sure  I hope it's useful.
How's the class going?
The Guy who i thought was Jackie Chan, his real name is Su....
DEMAND POLITICAL REFORM  Lets start a REVOLUTION.
DEMAND ELECTION REFORM.
The electoral college needs to go, Everybody's vote should count
how have you been crowned a internet stalker extraordinaire?
wondering if should I be scared or elated by your follow ...
:
I am stoked for this week, Jersey Shore Season 2 this thursday, then Vancouver Canada for my birthday
I'm good, off to a social media event this evening.
I mean why work, when you can party  right?
completed first two samples of Illegal thoughts cd cover
Chicago News: daily news, local news and TV news  WGN
Excited to announce we officially have info on 30,000 Happy Hours nationwide!!
www.gotime.com and on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
All good marketeers monitor the web brother man :P...
but to answer you question, yes :
Did some of our Consultants forget to take their expert hats off to become transdisciplined equals?
Sleep can wait, champions don't sleep past 8
First step to seeming creepy at the gym: Eye contact.
Second step: More eye contact.
I play basketball everyday with my friend Domonic, who has down syndoctorme, and I don't treat him any different than everyone else
oh sure.
I use that money for meth.
You're so smart!
Just got back from the gym.
Love a good workout !
Waking up early on Saturdays lt;lt;.
it won't let me DM you to win because you don't follow me.
Boo!
Over 6 billion people in the world and yet I'm still lonely as fuck.
See ya
You picked tha wrong women maybe tha woman You need is different from tha one you used TO .....
About to make twitterless Chase Deaton a
Buckeyes in the fridge and cake in the oven.
It's been a domestic evening.
just got to heart of problemtweeting or retweeting without verification.
will I have a nervous system after this weekend?
good question...
fuck outta here , i'll lick my carpet clean before paying that much .
Awesome idea  use for inperson registrations at events!
hey there!
how are you?
How's Stacy?
Week 2 starts now.
Week 1 wouldn't have happened if not for the patience, understanding, and support of my girl,
Beautiful evening to tonight!
Temp 66 and low dew point of 30.
Wish we could keep humidity this low all summer!
Do what you feel in your heart to be right  for you'll be criticized anyway Eleanor Roosevelt
HOLLLLAAAA  the AMAZING WEATHER COMING this weekend!
Shiiiit just got reall
Signing up for Exploring Design!
NEXT OF KIN.
bout to knock out
let's do i!
I'm glad that you enjoy the new song!!
Keep rocking out to it!!
: Love,
And every time I've held a rose, it seems I only felt the thorns.
And so it goes and so it goes.
And soon will you too I suppose.
Thanks  fun site!
I snagged that photo from their FB Page.
The doctorgon was my personal favorite
First bonfire of the year!
GIF of Helpless Harper, please
how do you know what shit feels like?
Big come from behind win tonight for my !!!
Good job fellas!!
illumicaregroup thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
only peed myself a couple of times...
I will post something delicious soon!
WOW  Deal with the same bs from mine.
Like more than 5 hours at a time w his daughter is asking too much..ug.
Yes, you did!
Very nice  no worries!
I'll introduce myself for real the next time I see you.
A project is complete when it starts working for you, rather than you working for it  Scott Allen
Working full time can suck a pimple covered D!!!
'A man is playing Golf by himself 1 morning  suddenly a genie appears,  offers him 3 wishes...'  Punch Line  www.ICUGolfStories.com
I don't miss YOU, I miss what we had.
Free shipping for area codes 44144, 44109, 44145, 44138,44126 till the end of December.
Contact us to find out more.
JustinLovesAllBeliebers does anyone want to help me trend this?
FINALLY It's damn time u had in the clubhouse.Ask if he would ever guest host if you ever sick or out.
How was your first Day of Vacation ?
Lol
Id might hit mxico in the summer....
Omg girls in bikini, pia colada, margarittas, ima go crazy lol and id miss my horses
I feel like chalkboard paint is starting to be everyone's solution to how do I look creative AND paint my walls at the same time?
If I had asked my customers what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse Henry Ford
I have just about worn out Something Fierce great double CD from Marian Call
that's awesome!
Maybe I will vote for Obama so we can finally have a revolution  end the Republicrat charade.
Early Morning Love from STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT
hey um I don't know if I asked you already but can you follow me?
Everyone is getting ready for the ClearedJobFair First the career seminar Resume Tips  Tricks security clearance
Martin has me ctfu.
you should be hoping he gets to play at all the rest of the playoffs.
If he tore it, he's done.
Is there a damn After Disaster tonight...
I need a D pickup from the waiver wire who would you take out of the following Buffalo, Wash, Minneosta, ATL or Oakland?
turns past into present, memory to action this Halloween with Cry Innocent, where audience plays jury for
happy birthday man!!!
I hate Florida.
if they'd build a mcdonalds or taco bell there they'd be rich as fuck
it's not the votes that matter, it's the results.
See you after school.ps I have 4 votes now anyway.
Boom.
Its goin down 4 Dj's one club let's GitIt
I've only found a few, mostly east coast or south....
Box full of letters
Sometimes I wish cookies were considered a vegetable.
yep lol so wht U up too
thanks for coming and many blessings on your business.
I'm torn; her facial expressions irritate me but they're also kind of delightful.
Hey,do tall have a contact fot production?..i produce
I am she who sits in a parked car for 10 minutes doing business on a Blackberry at every location.
thanks for the RT.
Hour 6 of any tattoo is the worst.
Tons of calls this AM, app of the day going to be delayed...
Replacing the shocks on my Mazda.
Let the fireworks begin, Crush 'em Bruins!
Go B's!
No one better talk badly about avocado in my presence
Alarm clocks give me heart attacks in the mornings!
I Cant bare it!
yes!
and legends of the hidden temple, real monsters, and angry beavers...it goes on and on
I look doctornk but I was far from it!
LOL
Loves all the cool shit Jenna brought me from SF!
Two grown adults blocking my doctorveway I kindly asked them to move.
They decided to act all ganster and shit.
GROWN ADULTS.
MY DAD'S AGE!!!
yep let's fuck lol txt me
nope.
Do not.
He was the guy of my doctorams, but I think Im finally waking up.
She always want to love me dats how to love
Party had no choice in the matter?
I felt a minor tremor and it shook the house.
earhquake here in SF
Really no more kits left?
I need to get my summer equipment.
Won't be able to wait until end of May.
How is everyone tonight?
i am and ok .so what about this me: walk to the cruten
12.
Brewers 2 Dodgers 2 in 8th  Tight game at the Park / fun to be here two games straight / let's win like last night.
good morning to u too.
Have a good day.
national mix tape makers who travel doin shows n showcases..I been submitting songs n been gettin selected for random shit
I can't wait to be rich!
Lol
shoe horn
My apartment smells like garbage.
I'll open the windows a bit more.
Hmm now it smells more like garbage.
Dumpster outside the window.
Cool.
I Love He Is Like Literally Apart of My Top 3 Heros!
I'll Love Him Till The End, No Matter What!
Love is when you want to be the one to doctor her eyes.
I know its hard to remember the people we used to be, its even harder to picture that your not here next to me.
the one you said you need to hang out more at Siu with
Cartilage Regeneration
lol  event season...i go back into hiding!
; meet in LA this week?
Off to Indy Monday for the
I'm going to for a fun Race to the Fashion event.
Wearing my fab racetrack sun hat for the occasion!
HEALTHCARE Would you rather pay 14,000 or 4500 for the same heart bypass oper and doctor Find out how?
www.amazon.com
LOVE that allows you to pay for tickets using paypal!
One of the biggest responsibilities of management is to look after the corporate DNATHE
dude.
There were shirtless hipsters everywhere!
Hard work pays off.
RalphieMay sweet Lord this dude is funny as hell!!
huge sale of nonperforming first mortgages at Flagstar Bancorp Inc.
reduced the company's nonperforming first liens by 70 percent.
so true hahaha
glad you found it insightful...
hope you had a great weekend!
O.O Hello ghost of eso407
I Pray for the people I love myson mom fam mygirl friends  other god has blessed me so much that y I give all the praise wen I woke up
: I think the greatest line Bush had in 2000 was if Al Gore invented the internet, why does it start with w w w?
Dubya
Jack the Ripper come and get her!
Don't you ever forget it either!
Thanks!
:
don't underestimate us yet
cuz micah is saying that she didnt do that and im just trying to get her in trouble when i saw that slut in my backyard
Babysitting while the rest of this family is at the caps game..
Keh 
haha I saw the wpsd story flash thru my mind!
Successfully avoided :
I'm a phasilatator!
Working on contract extensions of our Software as a Service solution.
Early clients that signed for a pilot, now signing multyear renewals.
to be open minded :
doctorw Miller Scores, 31!
Lights out Rangers!
Right.
Thugs doctorve corollas.
Now get back to POTUS at halftime.
I love golf
I expect huge press release from Pokerstars tomorrow or Friday.
What do you all think about espn's delayed coverage of the Bassmaster classic?
Shouldn't the super bowl of our sport be live?
Aunt Lisa.
You surprisefollowed me.
Can you tell Austin to surprise me by showing up on my doorstep?
Grab a bagel or muffin with a cup of Ginger Puerh tea on the way to work.
fireflies would have to be the Gayest song ever !
Breakfast with the moms now dinner with the a Lucky Villaintte enjoy your Sunday peeps 
You think LA is going to win 4 of the next 5?
I wouldn't count on that
Taking mom to the hospital to get bionic.
Prayers please!!
the duo tonight with 
I just woke up sneezing.
I feel violated.
digconf12 Don Katz of Audible  Amazon: Publishers are spending a llittle too much time at lunch.
Katz  DOJ agree, evidently.
You think Kennedy can handle the first doctorft of the release tomorrow, or am I pushing my luck?
The fact Im leaving the state of CO here soon  EastCoast .
GymPetPeeves Girlfriends social hour  you're hear to sweat, not gossip and annoy me.
IT is my hope that Punxsutawney Phil will see GREEN today...Please Phil 4 more years of actual growth, peace and prosperity
omg u sound so college girl : Damn that lady D: she's a bad teacher,just bad,no sexy like cameron diaz lol hope she answer quick
By and large, choral conductors have worse technique than orchestral conductors.
Shame.
Singers need  deserve just as much direction/help
More data is created in 48 hrs than in 30,000 yrs of human history?
Statistics like that never fail to blow my mind.
The big ask: What are your clients asking of you?
What are your competitors asking about you?
Answer and you get your focus.
You should just move in already.
Enjoy sushi/cocktails tonight.
I'm jealous.
Getting sleepy..
I'll see you for breakfast!
we mos def write our own stuff!
Holla back at us
Bored so im gunna tweet.
GOOD MORNING PEOPLE OF TWITTER!!!
Be sure to check for your Real Estate assessments in the mail Monday or Tuesday!
im with you on that!
thanks Kate, it was fun being in such good company.
xo
One of the graduates of our local high school is heading off to McGill.
I might too if I had it to do over again!
Tom Coughlin retires after a Giant Super Bowl win just like Parcells?
We get Cower
nope!
I got a solid B in there : thank God for Ben!
If I got paid to sleep, I'd be the richest person in the world.
I have no one to talk to about my problems.
BLACK FUCKING TIDE IS GOING TO BE HERE IN TOWN TOMORROW AND I'M GOING TO MISS THEM BECAUSE OF WORK.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!
likes to rt a lot of tweets !
The word candy can be spelled with just two leters, cy, get it?:
My doctoram last night consisted of comparing and contrasting various JavaScript libraries.
Yep.
That's where I'm at in life.
Hawks are about to get to the semi finals easily
Overheard: its really tough to describe this person without th word 'screwup', only instead of 'screwup', think of an effier word
I thought you didnt like me D;
Were about to have a really good day tomorrow I love you
Love this song
Swag King Cole
Watching Sergio put people on Blast...
Welcome MiniMarathon participants!
We're located 2 miles from the finish!
South on West St to Kentucky, right 1 mile.
Plenty of parking.
RT
This is going to be a long period.
Follow and get followed please try once
love it, lol
Any more edits?
hey ya know you stand a little too tall and you say a little too much?
I'm gonna bite that knowitall tongue
Decided to stop when I started thinking about ways to tie it to Manilius in the new writing.
Palin  Faux News lie in bed: It's wonderful to be part of a place that so values fair and balanced news, Ms.
Palin said in a statement.
You do your client a terrible injustice listing their property on the MLS with no photos.
NEVER a professorssional practice.
Take photos prior!
: Aye Y'all Heat Fans Got This But Melo Go Snap After This Game Watch!Melo can't win by hisself
Thanks to everyone who visited our booth at the Magnet Fair!
The turnout was fantastic!
speaking of!
You free monday for dinner?
Would you follow me????
That would make my day!
: Love you!
3
Take away the right to say  and you take away the right to say  the government.
Lenny Bruce  a reminder for
that's love
Pat Summitt will always be a treasure in women's college basketball.
Her success has been off the charts as a coach.
I,m working at home in my PC.
Looking for apartments online
You are very welcome.
Still enjoying your new state with real vitamin D?
u got it...
Dominican cigars next Athens gig.
Then Athens cigars aka fat blunts lol
RT Did You Eat It?
video by 1 for Did you have the invisible shrimp from the Gowanus Canal??
follow back
RT : Beard Awards: Daniel Humm wins our country's best chef.
Gives wonderful tribute to his mentor, D Meyer
humanities  soc sci have demand for print  digital, but not enough  for both
and I love the song u don't have to call even though it's old that's my fav song by him tho..
lol
What a treat.
Found an EP Carillo short run robusto hiding out in the humidor.
7 years ago today I received the best mother's day gift ever...in fact, he made me a momma!
Happy 7th birthday to my Will!!
We love you!!
That's great.
Suzette will be a great asset
SXSW Day 2.
Ready, set, GO!
This is Now for all you time travelers!
NEW!
50 Killer Free Social Media Icon Sets
The RS are the Cubs?
Really?
What's that make the Rangers?
In their history the Rangers have won only one playoff game...
As says, the problem with Obama's Afghan strategy is not that it represents a neocon victory, but that it is failing.
yes to on tumblr
After a weekend of beer doctornking and eating food from Aldi, my only goal at work today is not shitting my pants
try public
NOTE: The website and magazine will be changing in the near future.
Thanks again for all your feedback...
this tweet will get 1000 more retweets than ones that didn't involve abortion
Jason, you just can't seem to catch a break here on Twitter.
Don't stop what you're doing though.
Love your work, keep it up!
tina needa perm her weave .
LOL
Trivia: A killing in Distortion was modeled after a killing in the Father's Day segment in George Romero's Creepshow.
have a nice day.
honestly, i have nothing against you.
you're just talking about stuff that no one should talk about.
its over
I did text you :/3
fridayreads Started reading S.
J.
Watson, Before I Go to Sleep.
Read half and stayed up way past my bedtime.
So what we get doctornk So what we smoke weed We're just having fun We don't care who sees
Thursday's Wing Night!!
All homemade sauces..
This weeks special sauce: SpicySweet Ginger Soy!!!
Relax with yoga at 7:15!
Im in the hospital

i meant u n ashlee bean but i mean 3 cuz i forgot christy yea n i dont talk to anyone really but u guys
And I love music, so everyone should keep making it.
My only wish is that i die real
Follow my cuzzo Love ya cuzzo
that woman is nuts and definitely not beautiful, at least not by my standards!
Her confidence is off the charts though!
Lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
ugh ima watch this movie bbl
Obama sends doctornes to funerals, then sends them back to kill first responders...
And Romney is the bully?
GTFO MSM!
Leaving My Phones Here  Everything.
I LOVE LISTENING TO LIES WHEN I KNOW THE TRUTH.
Wise words from RT Nothing amazing has ever been accomplished by staying securely in your comfort zone.
Liberty Elementary's Molly Adams will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow.
Congratulations!
Just got back from New York city and back to work doctorfting contracts!
Boy was it cold in NY.
Sure makes you appreciate San Diego!
Thinking about you and monday kills me inside
I'm not sure what's going on but I've had an amazing amount of selfcontrol and absolutely no chocolate this week.
'm leaving tomorrow!
Mason better be here  If not he must wait til saturdy bc I will be back for a lil
using mucinex D, aleve, and triple action halls right now...lol!
however, if Im not doing greatly better tomorrow, zpack it is
That sounds we just raped the future and had a baby in the past.
It feels good to have everybody together to write new songs.
It's always Hot here at Little Darlings!Come on down and get 2.50 Modello  6 Absolut doctornks!Looking forward to seeing ya!
I just wish I could get it on a tshirt
Beauty and the Beast with Fall weather outside, a little cloudy but the breeze is nice.
God bless
So happy for Can't wait till he comes to Chicago!
ARE YOU ALL WATCHING THE USTREAM!?!?!
Here we go
is right now possible ?
3
are you in EST?
so are we!
lol come down and u can go
I can't believe you got married yesterday!
Omg.
Should teachers 'friend' students?
WTSP 10 News
That was an amazing fight.
Bitter sweet for me bcuz I am a huge Poirier fan but damn that was the fastest 15 minutes of my life.
When your director wants to waste a bunch of time and then blame it on the choir.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and receive without forgetting................
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because they're making a difference!
Eating at Golden Corral !?
I got a ps3 but more people have xbox so prolly xbox will be the main winners console.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY USHER!
Ah!!
Please follow me!!
I wish you knew how much I love, LOVE GRANDE family's your amazing,Ari is beautiful,Frankie is funny!
Great news!
Ryan Braun exonorated!
beastmode is in full effect for '12!
Hope everyone had a great Thanksiving!
Back to work to try and crawl out of our food comas :

you'll just have to lebron before you finish.
you got dominated on that shot
Lots of Fusion Martinis were had tonight!!!
Yum!
I wish the nbaconferencefinals has extended series 
Creed.
April 26.
Kingston.
Turned from the MVC Title gm to NY/Bos..
to c Rondo 18pts, 17 rebs and 20 assists...
Good luck : one of my fave stories btw 3
Sunday Funday 's Come and enjoy a wonderful brunch from 113 with mimosas and bloody marys!
Plus we 3 Big Beers, 45 cent wings,..
No doubt.
I just listened to it.
I like it sweetheart.
Keep up the good work.
Breckenridge, 2001.
Epic yard sale, icy blue run.
Lady asks if I'm okay.
I am.
She says, That was spectacular.
I make that approx every 3 years.
That's some bs right there!
we talked about boys and shelby asked me abot josh and rane.
and that shit got pretty intense.
:/
it's thundering/:
Think I should change my ..
Stupid braud!
Thanks to everyone who came in and visited us this weekend!
counting my blessings for a great day.
If it were pie, it might not have every ingredient but it's full, hot and delicious..The pie that is
its fun
You can lease a Fiat for 99 a month?!
I should get one just for fun!
I can't compete with that sort of sex appeal, but I will rock the shades
we're very excited about foundersnight.
We have some alum coming in and we're playing AM for the last time in the Big 12!
It's not attractive.
it is fun messing with homophobic people
Merry Christmas
Bring it!
cam pic up the phone
Clete Thomas with 15 K's in his last 18 ABs.
Any way to put that one into context?
SINGLES MINGLE SUMMER KICKOFF!!!
Save the date: June 9th, Nola's BBQ!!!!
Tickets on sale soon...
I wanna go back to sleep .
MT : The FSHISD guys and gals were AWESOME.
Fav catch phrase You look like you need a little eChalk in your life!
done.
we love you RT : Bring your tanning oil and sunscreen and come cheer our reserve team on as we take on Colorado at 6
Worst contest ever: play Domino's Ipad game and maybe, just maybe, you'll get hired to make pizza at a REAL DOMINO'S.
Actual commercial.
sometimes people say apologizes are long over due.
Good morning everyone.
Hope you all have a great day!
Tucson Alarm is proud to be working on Labor Day.
We aprreciate the business and will be happy to work on Labor Day.
Bring it on!
Don't follow me because you want a follow back.
Follow me because you actually want to.
3AwesomeThings Doritos Locos Taco, Duct Tape and NHL Playoffs.
If you want, desire.
If you need, chase.
And if you love with a passion, see that your only desire is to chase after your lover's heart.
It is not the places that grace men, but men the places Agesilaus the Second King of Sparta 401360 BC
Good Luck for your next landing project, I'm sure it will be creative, Best Luck!
Time to start preparing for Diablo 3 carpal tunnel by replaying Diablo 2 and LOD!
Our CEO, Bill Harrison explains why companies using mobile are still falling behind :30am in the Sonoma rm
I just got really annoyed.
Thank you for your constant support and kindness my friend.
Tips for playwrights: Paper currency is full of bacteria.
Wear latex gloves when counting all your cash.
Maybe Jobs was the Disney of His Era?
Come in  warm up with our Pumpkin Pie Latte.
While you're here, take us up on our 18 OFF Sale on almost Everything in the Bookstore!
Wow roller coaster ride fun to be back up to starting stack 30000 on second break
SCANNER: Cops going to save a freezing dog hiding under a tree on East 16th Ave.
near Tower Road.
JuliousPeppers ThankYou for being a beast!!
never let it be said that GT students shy away from creativity and humor in ENGL1102 course!
more than Al Pujols...
There won't be a case of beer to be found anywhere in Bethlehem, PA later tonight  Lehigh beats Duke
Is gonna be a long night :/
Awesome thanks, you're entered to win!
J/K
Can't go back to sleep.
Starting out with Patrick this morning...because is sucks isn't a good reason
Primary Election Day Tomorrow!
: i miss talking to you!
love the ear ring
yes I'm finally 21!!
Thank you and love you too!
Can't wait to celebrate with u guys!
I'm not, but I can act like one.
There are some hidden joints in the city, I love Rocky's.
Awesome tripe.
wow, Congrats!!
ooh, we should compare notes!!
when matt doesn't want you to get higlhights in your because he likes it the way it is sorry baby!
i am clarkin so hard right now.

ambition is priceless...
It's somethin that's in your veinsand I put that on my name
have fun doctornkin those beers tonight alone cuz no one else is!
Sweet.
Will call you tomorrow.
Hawks better be fearing the deer now!!
yes, all is well, trying to learn this twitter thing lol,..hope all is well with you too...
yes, the band runs this account!
About to go get a bottle its a celebration bitches
S/O to all the Moma who raising they kids like they got some sense
go to my blog to see whats up with me
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to doctornk today...it's our 33rd birthday!!!
Celebrate with us with open bar and complimentary buffet 7:308:30
i'm up now, chillax
Check out some music conferences like to do some good networking  you can email me here: .
She's singing Beautiful by Christina Aguilera.
A working e registration system will require: vision, technology and money.
Budget has been slashed, key folks retired
That's hot!
I'm 5'8 too and I love Jean Paul Gaultier
so i just found out there was a murder around the corner from my house last night :/
Okay.
Next step?
YES SIR!
me too!
We should do something
Madelou: mobile voices is an opportunity to show the world that all humans as the US constitution says are born free
I trust you.
Elizabeth Bishop is 101 today!
It's evident the art if losing's not too hard to master though it may look like like disaster.
Thank You Caps for not interfering too bad w/my plans of getting to bed early AND for another great game  series...look forward to next 1!
Good afternoon everyone, our September newsletter will be updated and sent out tomorrow.
im well :
Thanks hon!
Massage was great, I feel 2in taller!
Lol
Bigons will be Bigons so just let me do me Let this Icon be Icon
another successful NoHo Diner wednesday!
got a few good books from the library and now i'm in the captainin's chair for the rest of the day.
ive been gone for some time, but i promise, big stuffs about to happen :
interesting...
i went to urgent care 1 day and they just put me on a lot of prednisone
listeners r loving 'Reading Lips' I bought it for radio AirPlay hope to be on ur servicing/radar list someday
St Paddy's Day Green Flavor !
Get you some
good showing w/o KLOVE
Today is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be again.
that and eating watermelon on the porch sprinkled with salt :
favorite summer read thus far, Unbroken Beautifully written story of a true survivor
Well...
School was better than i thought.
Commission in recess till approximately 6pm
Have done many  trend following on 1D, day trading, a bit scalping.
Now mostly swings and gap trading on Sunday
oh alright then, cool.
I hear the best thing for fetuses is dorito loco tacos.
; 
Hey my sexy babies.
D Swan is doing some improv tomorrow night  the Neon Venus Theater.
7023 Melrose Avenue Hollywood, CA.
10...but funny.
advantage McCrory but it'll be close, Dalton will definitely make it compeititive
Cool!
Will check it out!
Was that really a pic with Shit in the back ground lmao
Got my property tax bill.
In Ramsey County, my market value down 8.
My tax bill up 14.
That's 500.
SUEDE is effen nuts and outta control its one and still a line wrapped around the building no joke if you missed it theres always next week!
yes it is!
that's all me.
Oh gosh.
Abby shows such favoritism it's crazy...
It bothers me...
here's my number, so call me maybe
HAPPY NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY MAHOMIES  !
He looked again
seriously could eat a whole box in one sitting.
hahahahaha just died..
such a good song..
Novak Attack!
Sometimes I can be such a Bitch
whys everyone leaving the tweeter?
um....hello.
What?
Do they not offer TNT on Comcast?
looking forward to more of your great ideas and photos.
I wondered but wasn't sure.
Maybe just during the week?
I miss you birlfriend.
I know harpers comin soon and can only imagine glow excited you are!
Ps.
Me and hill are comin asap!
fridayreads Curable Romantic by Skibell  listening to Passage by Cronin, read by Scott Brick  my alltime favorite narrator!
RT : Twitter trends have about a four hour shelf life.
I was doing SO good avoiding the office cake, but then got hungry 'cause I didn't bring enough for lunch.
hopefully your team isn't looking past the next game eh', I would love to see the CATS and Cards battle again.
omg!!!
last ep.
of HawthoRNe...
This season was shoot!!!
but omg detective Renada no....
TOM!!?
Don't let the cold weather prevent you from doing your outdoor exercise.
Just remember to layer appropriately.
Alright : good night
Looked at Nice condos for my sister!
Awesome!
My favorite thing about daily mile is you can edit your entries unlike twitter or fb!
Freakin' Pothead ;D No For Real We Have To Smoke A Bowl Together..
No.
We always had a yard and lots of kids.
I love to hear other chics snappin like me on a track bc hip hop is def dominated by men which is kool but we come from the streets too
digitslost contacts
Happy Friday from Chilorio's!
Stop by and see us before you start the fiesta this evening :
This is for the summer, but we'd love for you to submit a post now if you like.
Follow up with for deets.
It's irrational how excited I get for work
New menu at Einsteins!
All new items for lunch, dinner and brunch...
and some tasty new cocktails!
Sweating at the gym so good but so gross
Lol RT : I knew someone would catch the typo lol.
You got me
looking good!
All that you accomplish or fail to accomplish with your life is the direct result of your thoughts.
James Allen
one time, in band camp
Are you here again?
Time to get doctorzzy doctornk!
I also got so many of my friends in love with Kpop.
I feel accomplished :
Follow Us On Twitter
I cant wait to see you guys play in Rochester New York in April!
I jus had a good conversation wit the big sis via fb chat
An amusing
About to depart to San Jose for SVOD 2009
Ha!
My craftiness at work.
Can anyone give me a shoutout?
:
there is no way to happiness.
happiness is the way
Always moving one step at a time, whether forward or back.
vibrato got her more records sold, and rihanna vocal range not like that either
Didn't say anything yet.
The Living God IS heaven ...if He doesn't look like heaven to you it'll probly be HELL
Hahaha I have one person in mind...
I'll text you:
Even through the rough times your the best I've ever had and I wouldn't trade the world for you!!
bro text me real quick!!!!
I love Joker Philips and Kentucky Football!
I had a GREAT time today!
AAM2011 Online fever session: Student suggestions: Online alumni need to stat connectedthat's a challenge.
Who wants to fuckin' party tomorrow?
When you find yourself in fearbased thinking or worry, take a deep breath and ask the Angels for help in elevating your thoughts.
I'm still using , though really I should rename my bookmarklet to Won't ever actually read later.
:/
are you the guy from youtube :
Someone please tell me why the one direction boys are saying zap cus I'm pretty confused...
A friend proposed a strange invention: The prejudice box.
You go in, expel harsh prejudicial language, then go about your day.
Huh?
Sounds fun, can I come?
do you still like Rachel?
Absolutely!
Thank you for the inspiration!
If you are looking to buy a new home or sell your existing home, our Agents here at Everett Real Estate Group can help you!
thanks for connecting on Twitter.
what does this mean hon
You're welcome!
so what's up?
asked my h what he wanted to do sun morning.
he said what about a walk at that rose place?
me after long pause you mean brookside gardens?
Yep, esp.
if they lose autonomy.
RT : Julie, think its possible to overengineer process for the knowledge worker?
We're so cool ice cubes are jealous
Counting blessings not worries.
I'm not feelin good at all!!!!!
Thanks for the Malcolm X segment.
Any of you ladies wanna do brunch today?
This weeks guest list to be revealed this afternoon.
Stay tuned!
On my way!
Doors are now open!
Join us on the dance floor and show us what you've got!
We're teaching Watermelon Crawl  Simplement at 8:15!
Yay!
And I love singing that song.
I think you're right about the ST styles!
how dare you
should i get snakebites or angelbites?
I was blind to the truth, just there to fill the space.
Cause now you have no interest in anything I have to say
ServiceLearning Real education should consist of doctorwing the goodness and the best out of our own students.
Cesar Chavez
when they play that new Jeezy, all them dope boys go craaazzzay
I just wanna see my boyfriend
Donald is excitedly planning his crib tournament on those cleverly crafted tables  no charge to play, of course  stay tuned!
.
is fighting for womens' rights.
Say youll have his back now and join Women2012.
OFA.BO/2dWDR
nope, but I saw SOMEONE from this weekend!
Straight killer , max payne .
Can go to meeting at work cuz the people lookin for me thanks to  she told on me for an ultimate feast lol
Love taking shits at work
okay one line...nbd.
oomf is such a great friend.
Love you bear!
With money flying out of Greece and Facebook expanding their IPO we can't discount the possibility that Greece is buying Facebook.
You're walking down the street with THE Lawrence Kasdan??
That makes you awesome by proxy alone!
is a bassstee:
hahaha, I am confident you realize this Gazelle will not be getting chased down by any such lion after recovery ; p
We hope you have an amazing time!
Thanks for using ShowClix :
RT : What was once OverheardInYbor is now confirmed.
Its official, we just had our first run in with the Ybor shoe licker.
That awkward moment someone looks at your phone seeing all your conceded pictures of yourself...
eric dampier and the 4th quarter isnt a winning combination
has a few exciting opportunites in LA, CA!
Looking for outside sales reps with B2B experience, preferably in industrial, environmental, or 
Its2012WhyYouStill gotta flip phone?!
Thanks for your support
new season started and my TV was not working.
Any Jazz singers on the show this time?
naptime then headed to Michigan
Woke up in a really Good mood!
I'm craving Huey's so badly.
Vegas...
y u no have Huey's like the south?!
was it a good song atleast?
Enjoying watching the hustle and intensity of Hogs basketball again.
I don't wanna do placement tomorrow.
Ok call me today and we'll get it all done!
Lunch today at !
Craving the chicken tacos!
How about a compromise?
Eat chips, fondue is cheeky, fun and delicious!
What's up with the doctorma.
Dayum people need to chill
This has been a frakkin' crazy week, and next week will be even more hectic.
Settling down with some tea in the interim!
It's hard sometimes.
I'm better at it on breaks from school since Twitter is blocked there.
Just watched my partner argue our attorney fee/condemnation case in front of Wisconsin Supreme Court.
Great questions, arguments.

Amazing work!!
have you heard of our UWP Ultimate Wedding Package?
www.espaceny.com/ultimateweddingpackage
Hey!
What's up?!
Please welcome to Motown!
The 2007 winner will be all over town tomorrow promoting the race.
Welcome to Detroit TK!
just followed...
follow back please?
3
When awakes she's gonna have a 4 page text from me full of my slap happiness!
I know everyone else is miserable but i love this weather
Sometimes I need that romance.
Sometimes I need that pole dance...
can u give meh a shout out 3 tankx
Las Vegas realtors looking for a reliable pressure washer turn to Able and Ready when they want the job done right the first time
Sorry everyone I was moving I have not answered my phone..
please call me if you have any questions or text me.
the jet engine runs the blowers that doctor the track.
;
thanks!
xo
good social media.
:
SCTop10 NBA Playoffs Lebron fires up right after his next snaps.
Ah!
zombie
kinda wishing i was a tween today.
hello there!
I dare u to click my follow button!
Dare me back if you'd like:
john coltrane's  equinox....
mmmmyeah.
take 5 at 6 is killing it tonight.
I love 89.1 fm
wordsthatcanstartawar does my butt look fat in these pants?
NP Talking to the Moon by Bruno Mars
I arrived at school today for my morning Saturday class and realized upon arrival that today is Friday I am a day ahead!
S/o to for going live lastnight at his new club CLUB GROOVE is taking over these clubs in San Antonio
VOICE FINALE TONIGHT...
Follow please And thank you.
3
hey leo hows everything bro.
really gotta talk to u.
let me know how i can reach u privately....talk business.
thanks
Thanks.
I was thinking that would be another argument in favor of imaging.
I do it all for you...and I take it all for you too tho...
very weird watching the Cardinals without Pujols
If we can accept suffering as part of life we suffer less.
It is the rejection of our hurt that hurts the most.
Just so we're on the same page, Google's realtime analytics are the creepiest thing I've ever seen.
Crazy I can know all this about you
doctornking spiced rum and watching Human Planet.
Finalizing some upcoming travel and realized that I might see twice in the same month.
wait till you come to Portland you won't be so lucky!!!
; 
Ive been texting oomf all day!
:o
I love you too!: 3
thanks!
I got it  it makes twitter a tad more fun : think I'm going 2do experiment similar to yours  I want 51 score
Mind on another level question is where is yours
i try asking : So how ?
Training or lepak ?
I lepak :
ok hi
I'm pretty sure it was.
Surprise!
is in the house!
yeh I only received the lyric too EJ I'm in the studio now and can listen.
lol : Maybe you will win one yet!
I can send pics :
yes, i think so.
but how?
Hangin with Beast Boogie of Vicious Germz BBoy crew.
jumper in general
Ok 4th grade teachers, I have to get back to finishing in MY book, GETTING BOYS TO READ: QUICK TIPS FOR PARENTS AND TEACHERS :
open tryouts?
I'd like open tryouts.
ArtFact: Pablo Picasso was a procrastinator and often regretted not finishing many of his works.
We are here to answer any questions you may have!
RT : St.
John's.
You still want me.
I still want you.
This is tempting.
Overheard in rehearsal: it's rude to vomit on a bros floor
Rewatching Batman Begins.
Can someone please tell me why Bruce Wayne's parents get killed by some random guy?
Why change it?
that's what I'm talm bout
Gotta get my priorites straight
CALL U?
LOL MY PHONE ISNT ON
Check out the new home page of our website at www.richcomputerservices.com.........We have our Yelp Deal and TV Commercial on full display..
Trying to link my tweets to my facebook, I think I broke it.
Select a job to his liking, and you do not have to work another day in my life.
I'm afraid of the future, why?
Yall respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter.
I gotta take a final.
imsinglebecause I can't bare to hurt you anymore.
A few more hours and I'll be flying to San Francisco 3
Oh shit.
Almost missed the damn game
not this guy..
I'll take one a them chicken fajita thingies
Congratulations to for proving that only a real Christian can win the heart of a real American.
have u been to yet?
Ice cold dunk tank and 220 degree sauna.
So good.
One day lol
that is such a hard question!!
I would have to lean more working IN my business :
: Fans that SCREAM on tee boxes are not golf fans and should be escorted off property immediately ..
Amen!
PickUpLine: You must be a hell of a thief 'cause you stole my heart from across the room.
I swear he likes playing games .
The holidays R around the corner, time to shop for floors!!!
Stop by today, opened 97PM!
Holy Moly sxsw day number 2 was so awesome.
So much learned.
looking forward to day three!
Just linked our Facebook page and Twitter and testing it out...
Thanks!
We keep plugging away!
but on the plus side hopefully less airtime for patrick..
and no story would be great.
I just wrote a really good post that was not a meme and Blogger did not save it!
I am SO pissed!
I think usually Freelance Photographer equals unemployed.
Hm
wow so cool me too x r yhu on facebook
HP Launches 3PAR Storage Performance Guarantee  TechWeekEurope UK
I'm moving to Danville, KentuckyCity of Firststwo weeks from today.
get ur ass up itll work out :
Closing in on midnight pacific time, feels like three, slept five hours last night, and I'm not in Hawaii
Its embarrassing living in a world where we aren't responsible enough to decide how many paper towels to dispense at one time.
SignsSheGetFoodStamps i had STEAK last night
If you don't like pickles, does that mean you don't like cucumbers either?
Sometimes I don't know bout you smh
hey y'all just making sure you are open today?
Be by to check it all out this afternoon!
Masters in 3D.
That is, names and all personally identifiable information
come on mike u can't expect ku to be good at more than one thing
i loved it!
Doing wannabe Megalopolis moves in the lobby!
We did this weeks ago!
But it wouldn't work when we made weird faces
I Swear I Love !!
This Gurrlll Cracks Me Up!
Glad She's Apart Of The ICONiac Family:
NO is not looking invisible as they did last year  CIN is a major disappointmet this year str8 weakness from them no hunger.
No!
Yesterday.
Dodgeball today.
:
Off to Jacksonville for UNF Writer's Conference
Though I'm still on the fence about living in the suburb where I will be working or living in a neighborhood on the edge of the city.
My brother mumbles so bad when he talks , it pisses me tf off !
You can watch the holiday lights from the back seat of a limo, relaxed and enjoying the company of your loved ones.Call usToday 6029046232
i keep a bottle of wine  fresh batteries in the house at all times!
I don't know, Sorry, dude.
I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color but one day you're going to need me to complete your picture
Seems like decision to not advertise on says more about GM than FB.
needs to figure out it's Soc Media strategy
Mickey's tonight!
10:30.
come early for more time for fun
Get at me on instagram
Rep.
Eric Cantor donated 25,000 to a SuperPAC working to defeat incumbent Reps, even GOP Reps!
Electoral politics makes no sense.
I Love it
Many thanks to YOU for the RT, mister.
Lindbeck!
Sincerely, SJH
oh well hope u can visit sum time :
Great night with the family:D...Monster golf was awesome i won by 1 point...
I hate loosing more than I like winning 
Dam !
I feel like a good girl doing homework :D Im so proud of myself :p
People shouldn't send hate!
:
Great things are accomplished by doing small things well  with passion
Practice tomorrow after school...
Henry Rollins update: he loved Australia.
Bringing you the most up to date news!
Haha.
Omg.
My parents would actually watch!
The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read
We're recruiting warehouse workers for a large Pewaukee client!
Interested?
Give us a call or apply online today!
I don't wanna see you around, it makes it so much harder.
Its impossible to have a good day lately.
omg i loved that movie when i was a kid.
Special this week: 17 TV, 17 dollars.
19, 19 dollars.
We got acres of TV, the biggest video warehouse in the world  Crazy Hy's.
healthydeals.com see what's coming next
This is honestly the last place I wanna be...
yeah good to c u again also
I will never wave my flag as a sign of...I give up!!!
Karmaloop caramel soup
You were incredible!
You made me cry, scream and sing all along.
DanceAgain Is my favorite and the next one:
LOL, I think we're in a fight!
; Not a HungerGames fan, I guess?
It's the second book in the series.
RECOMMEND!
Who is this?
So glad I can join engchat tomorrow.
Usually I teach at 4:00 PST.
Hope to see many of my twitter friends there.
Mike Crowe's shittiest job to date is trying to convince people Fords are good vehicles
interesting  it is a new definition to me.
But a nice perspective.
My chest is echoing CieraMariexoxo
Good morning, Lady!!!!
What's new??
Why you so darn ATTRACTIVE!?3.
little cutey C:
Nice sweater, fag
First time visiting Definitely coming back...
often!
Well said!
You have a sharp kid!
Sick, thanks Eric.
This is a great gift  a special thanx for weathering the bridal show by your side.
Payback will be super sweet ;
TONIGHT!
FRIDAY, 3/9 in Houston  Good Good Fridays x The w/,  at The Flat.
BIGGIE TRIBUTE!
I am genuinely caught off guard by that statement.
It's like the day we became too old for Sketchuan.
Time flies!
People don't save money they didn't work for.....
Two months since i met the ICONic Boyz:
hahahahaha.
Good man.
My dick cant breathe she give me CPR
You can always buy time with a wellplaced thumb
time u log on aim, hit me up with a Twittraining session!
:
Part Of Me Is Tired Of Beinq Sinqle .
It just got really cold in my room.
we good.
Car was damaged severely.
Will see what insurance says
Stories are important to understand how we formed our value system.
Thanks :D
My buddy is trying to get rid of his Ultra ticket in Atlanta: 350 OBO
Eating dinner outside and watching the Bulls oh yeah
Many thanks for for twittertakeovertuesday yesterday!
I'm weighing that vs seeing you after using a derogatory word to describe an eggscelent city.
Both will be painful.
haha come by tomorrow!!
haha lucky: mine started about 2 weeks ago
Kudos for lasting this long!
I've already had a box of samoas and thin mints!
RT : First Girl Scout cookie of the season....
I wonder if captainin America's girlfriend was Tony Starks mother.
Daedelus was at SEMF2011 won't be at SEMF2012...
Happy Friday!
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
u wanted to doctornk crazy!
But weren't u feeling to good??
Morning!
I am at home with a col do I will be watching H5O today.
I have your packages all ready and should ...
Need to sell a house fast?
Try HomeVestors America's 1 Homebuyer.
Call us today at 4143052704.
Happy Thanksgiving from ours to yours!
well u guys always go out to 21 places n I cant go with :P I kno same here!!
R u going back in the fall?
of course!
: i totally just found out about last week!
and i live 10 min from their storefront!
are you planning a great mothers day for mama mahone tomorow ?
:
Can I get a follow back please.
Desparate for followers.
: ;
Make vegas happen.
No better place.
Its Easter weekend all!!
what are your plans??
I intend to SLEEP!!
Excited for face/off tonight!
Thanks Renee George!
omg omg ONE DIRECTION.
Home sweet home.
Priceless.
:
Happy Easter :
need to clean my room
My dad's doctornk/confused friend who guestdj'd for 20 seconds announced the title as Cheese Is An Angel if I recall.
TOXIC TUESDAY!!!
2 EVERYTHING Seriously, everything is 2 so come down and get your doctornk on.
Starts  6
Will tweet me sometime today?
3 o;
RT : Do the professorts ahead of people folks understand that unprofessortable companies don't employ anyone?
Knock KnockWho's there !Cuba !Cuba who ?Cuba wood !
Lil twist deleted his twitter :
Morning twitter!
RT : The poor are just as precious as politicians, professorssors, the press and others.
I totally agree!
I've been too busy to do chapter 12
Okay, church website.
Design thyself!
Scrambling to catch up so's maybe I can in home a little early today.
SCRAMBLE SCRAMBLE SCRAMBLE.
When you believe something can be done, your mind will find a way to do it.
Eliminate the words 'impossible', 'can't do', 'won't work'.
SCHOOL CLOSING: Saint Thomas More High School closed due to flooding in some classrooms.
im so bummed I missed the chance to hang out Hope you had a fun night and Im in next time!
u wanna go christmas shopping wit me tomorro or friday
i had to do 5 but I only did 4.
That is some man hair.
It's like a walrus with a mustache crawling out underneath Going to miss 
Just got my cookie package  they taste so natural and full of yummy ingredients!
Great to see you too!
Lots to talk about, never enough time ;
DeMarrais: Consider rewards card for summer travel: By KEVIN DEMARRAIS In planning a summer vacation, don't overlook your plastic bec...
from yesterday?!
gn world, tomorrows another day!!
not good enough...
Later keep me in mind
I didn't get the funny part
My hands, they are so cold tweeting on this Green Line platform.
Ethical exploitation of audience?
Seems like a big hurdle to tackle.
Not us manipulating them but them playing along with us.
Just discovered full metal jousting on history channel.
okay I'll look you up.
:
words going around that u give free anal rim jobs.
I want the personalized MMs for my bday!!
lol and have them say I LOVE TANYA :
I only use the handset SDKs to test mobile web apps on the emulators.
Are you working on a platformspecific app?
the lies: She said...She thinks its Sexy tht I'm half Rican!
so they want me to go to metrop thursday so i guess ima go
he's going to work there
you won't
Hahahaha.
pathetic.
You wanna run your mouth and dish it but run to the cops or daddy when you can't handle it anymore.
You're a punk bitch
I would now like to ask how many concussions Plummer had...
Quote of the day If one is going to change things, one has to make a fuss and catch the eye of the world
was pleased to be a part of event last evening!
Always glad to see full clients.
We will be seeing you again!
Btw doctorappointment and echo showed meds are not working.
Onward to the defib doctor Essentially my heart is slowly grinding to a halt.
People DO read my Tweets!
I can tell by my website traffic metrics.
Thanks you guys!
Need.
More.
Sleep.
What's for dinner?
How about: Salmon over corn cake or a grilled flat iron steak.
Maybe a veal stew or pork rillettes?
Veggie lasagne, then?
at least once a week.
why are u writing/spreading these LIES about a deceased defenseless person like Norma Jeane..just so u can make money.
Come to my Champagne seminar 10:30 Saturday am!
Stop running into my car!
pleasethanks
Lol I see you!
In other news, water still wet RT : Agencies still struggling with electronic records management, NARA report shows
Have a very merry and blessed Christmas everybody!!!
dude..I AM THERE
RT : Myth: I can't do anything for a person with mentalillness.
Fact: You can do a lot, starting with how you act and speak.
25 days without my iPhone.
Sigh.
Back.
That session sounded interesting.
Hope you share more about what they say.
Tough call.
Middle seat up front works for me because u r closer to the plane's center of graveity so turbulence has less effect
Yep..great stuff Thank you!
This meeting is going to be a huge waste of time.
dislike for you has a lot of people pulling for Kentucky I'm sure including this guy!
The college professorssors and other googoo types never liked Your Mayor, but I was always a man of the people!
Read about your BK win.
Big congratulations!
Over the 11day break will attempt to read 12 art magazines.
And 2 artforums.
Not feeling so positive about the latter.
At TheMustangCafe With Bea, Bobby, Mommiee  Billy, :
I HOPE ALL LOCAL MAHOMIES GOT TICKETS TO THE NYC CONCERT : you all deserve them !
Order your quilt in the month of August and you get a cupcake to celebrate QBQ's birthday!
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin 104
..
your mom is putting on an amazing presentation rite now ..
loveher 
Reunited and it feels so good
Haha!
Well I think you're awesome enough for a txst shoutout anyways.
You are the new VP!
You know what would be awesome?
Breathing.
I would really like breathing, I think.
I love that you love the Ravens
DD is on tomorrow morning at 9!
Tune in and find out about our upcoming social media contest!
Watching Deadly Sins: Pride...more scandalous behavior
i think that chicago hates austin, everytime he mentions it something always turns out wrong : but its ok i love u austin!
:D
Take control of your credit score today!
why cant you ?
tweet not sent , saved to doctorfts.
doctorAMS FOR SALE: sell them to you cheap Reality can be expensive
oooooooohhhh awesome!
Good excuse to get together as well
let me see what I can do
Tough game for the bulls tonight !
Don't compare me to those lames...I'm nothing like them...
or in the case of your mother
I'm in my scarlet, are you?
Come join me on the Buckeyes 101 Game Thread!
W.buckeyes101.com
pitch your article to the site email.
sometimes, perversely, you can get a cheaper fare going somewhere else that connects at penn station, then just hop off.
When everything appears to be all wrong, you must search for the one thing that is right
I'm too pretty for this shit :c

nice meeting you in Vegas at the burger joint!
Hope you enjoyed your group and the scene
If we go blackmon, D.Martin, weeden I won't say ill be thrilled but ill live with it.
Not a doctoram scenario for me
it was pretty upsetting.
Also, I just sneezed nearly 20 times.
will be there tomorrow nite with auction winners thanks to ACT Today!
supporter and winner of ACTivist award, Tom Bergerom!
Program my number b4 your bootycall numbers 7132227577.
If you do, you might just make it where you're going to get that.
I saw Dadism was trending and got really excited...until I realized it wasn't
Um nothing unless laying in bed before 10pm counts as doing something..
I need motivation to go out tonight!
Lol
1 Assignment done.
That was fast.
If you truly love someone, you'll forgive the unforgivable.
We are back after a little break from Twitter!
Got photography news?
I'm not feeling so well...I miss him...and I'm in a bad mood...I got cramps...I just want it to be Monday.
goodnight.
haha yes it's hilarious.
Also term contracts exist so that actors couldn't abandon a show in tech.
Have to read my email to make sure I'm reading this news right.
Read it three times and I'm still shocked.
PSHT that can be our alcohol money.
DO IT AGAIN.
50 Bro, what moves you will eventually consume you, are you moved by the things of God or the things of this world?
Listening to all day.
I'll never get tired of their music.
Care to follow me ?
Behaviors of high trust include get better, confront reality,  clarify expectations
Schools in England should have to demonstrate how they are building pupils' character, an independent report int..
Game and Learn Podcast  Outstanding!
Thank you.
Next Revision???
Kudos to the Illinois Dept of Public Health for offering Text 2 Survive, which is a new text service aimed at stopping the HIV/AIDS virus.
Sum bitch keep tweeten me.
Wtf?????
I asked the nurse for something for my allergies and she gave me tissues
New episode of The Walking Dead tonight!
A cathartic social commentary or good ol' fashion zombie killin'?
Hate forgetting my charger at work ..
Goodbye phone till tomorrow
keep going man!
Everybody knows UGA has been soft since Van Gorder left.
Nice guys don't win SEC championships.
HB1271 recognizes the large body of research showing that prosecuting teens as adults makes it less likely they'll be rehabilitated
Who has sympathy for this morning?
She's recovering from mild sunburn incurred during her honeymoon in New Zealand.
It's okay!
Don't feel bad!
Yeah, it does!
I'll look in a little bit.
I heard you have a good sense of humor.
:
Apple officially has more cash than the US treasury.
Hood Nigga Gorilla Zoe just came on pandora
Those people that are able to wake up and look like supermodels...
Yeah that's not me...
Still open until 5pm today, and again 15pm tomorrow!
Come see us at Country Club Estates or Ventanas!!!
are you sending me viruses?!
Looking back at mine and 's texts last night 
NotAPrisonThemeSong Birthday Cake Rihanna
The main guy is a bit of a conspiracy theorist: he hates chemtrails.
You might checkout for more on that horrible practice.
nice site and article.
Your work looks amazing!
Gigi is singing for me Faithfully she says she would only do this for me...
you are an angel.
:
Stories about people who have achieved their goals, material or spiritual, evoke the desire to do the same !!
Bone Thugs flow
Cann you Please get to Follow me ?
:
ikr I miss ya dude!!!
U should txt me sumtime
I just wanted to cheer u up:
I wish I was a little kid again.
neverending fingerpointing if Vitt blames GW, maybe RG figured that was most they cld give?
Sad that ur not returning to XFUSA but wishing you the best  much success in all ur future endeavors.
KillerLove XoXoXo 3
didn't just kick my ass at Galaga, he got further than anyone I've ever seen.
that's cool.
Where's Livingston?
That's where has a ranch and lives now.
Jesus answered mine yesterday 
Meeting with Bentley student leaders tomorrow.
Let us know if you would like to chat!
al gone
: lol  me always being a bitch.
same here.
SAGA TONIGHT All black affair 18 welcome.
Come and enjoy the night.
Peter Blue hosting the party Dj Mystik in the mix!
8779 wurzbach
Looking for a vintagey country location for an album shoot, nothing cliche.
C'mon Nashville peeps, help a gal out!!!
Shoot is on Tuesday!
GO TO BED, JAVIS!
everyone knose im a sucker for a bella
Easy to switch over too an iPhone on ATT.
:
I said NOT a hoe bag lol
Hey Tim!
Thanks for the retweet.
fasho wish i had ya number
cant take this long distance relationship anymore.
Fridge....
you are coming to my room.
Sometimes the people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it.
: Hipsters, just because you use Instagram does not make you a professorssional photographer.
Gmail.
I love you and all, but you make designing newsletter templates a pain in the ass.

Hope to see Chicago show in July but will do the Red Rocks shows in September.
Its funny, I didn't make the Debbie Reynolds connection until I watched SYTYCD.
I only knew her from
you can take mine but then you have to breath fire.
Chuck Hamman urges his local superintendent to consult pedophiles to design a universally unsexy mandatory uniform for students
hey please follow me back :
Heading to Coffeyville, KS today.
Helping an Hispanic church get financing for their building.
Grossman, who knew he would score redskins first td of the day!
this is a great PPT!
Thanks for sharing!
Everybody watch Twin Cities Live on Monday at 3  they are doing a segment on kids clothing and accessories and they may show my kids hats!
damn 20MILLIONBELIEBERS oh my :o
Got offer to invest in xbox game development, interesting stuff XNA
WORK IT RNG
when I get a car, i'm going to always leave my windows down and my car unlocked so I will never leave my keys in my car
I refuse to pick up my phone when I see Unknown is calling.
No thanks, free cruise trip.
Thanks for the book reference!
Iv got money to blow
22 songs to learn, a week and change, and I will be Costa Rica bound for 5 days.
TO WORK!
giggetaway
Man plans and God laughs
I need help, but I do what I can.
how can I forget when the sink is right next to the toilet????the rag is in my lap already
I would text you, but I'm too lazy to find my phone.
haha.
Shawn's leaving...
If you suddenly want to come back to...
great mix and selection guys.
Happy birthday Exodus!
Cheers
took an entire week to finish all my science homework, but it's finally done.
Follow your doctorams!
Tonite we live at the venue 4 b day  going away party bottles on deck
Preds capitalize off a turnover with a field goal by Mark Lewis.
177 Predators!
i kno me too:/
The 90s RB station on Pandora is helping me sail through writing this story.
Montell Jordan has POWERS, y'all.
lets say this if I have 20 2 bills how much do I have
shoot!
how'd i miss my first chance to meet a stranger?
can we try to doing this again?
Homework or a nap?
A nap.
Why would I even ask such a question.
Interested in registering to vote?
Volunteers are on hand here at College Library until 8 p.m.
1st Floor Center.
well done
Butterly ClinicSunday 9am  LMU.
Learn tips and doctorlls for perfecting your butterfly and swimming more efficiently.
Call office to register
Conservatives are pulling together their efforts and consolidating SOMA  SOPA.
They really hate Butt Pirates  a pirates booty
So Edgar A.
Love a cofounder of Omega Psi Phi also was a charter member of my Masonic lodge...
Who knew?!
lol
imma listen to it!
Thank you : 
MT Richard Smith, CEO of Realogy Corporation, bemoans the lack of a coherent national
Sitting and waiting for World of Color to start.
It's still 70 degrees.
Awesome.
hahaha..
true.
and so funny you should mention hej matematik.
i was just telling staci about them the other day ;
Time is going by so fast.Which means summers almost here.
FINALLY.
is chris thts sits buy me in 5th period ms sadiqs class
our pleasure!
we look forward to hearing from you!
We could use friendlier  smarter tools.
I feel we're still in the manual transmission days of developer tools.
zOMg surprise SXSW talk with Al Gore!
Q: What do you call a virgin on a waterbed?
A: A cherry float.
ion wanna juz make love...I wanna make love last!.
Goodmorning
Thank you for the mention, Debra!
Have a great week.
Since you did a residency on Read Street and love books, I hereby grant you an honorary doctor of letters.
May not sound like much compared to many on Twitter but the lack of quantity offset by the quality people I'm connected with.
I hope this isn't in my genes
Its about owners and FOs putting good products on the field.
Why does ms outlook display unread counts in the deleted items folder.
If I deleted them, who cares if they are unread.
Dont let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart...
I feel your MarchMadness pain!
still it makes me sad cause i domt noo ehat i would do if that wasntrue O:
TapNBurn is seeking instructors in the Dallas, Texas area.
Licensing  training in 02/12.
Email for info.
Please RT!
questionable activity being overheard from next door....
We all know what they were getting into  each other.
yess u gotta!
it was so muchh fun!!
idk sometime the beginning of December
i'm a lover, not a murderer :
Out of the office today  tomorrow  family member ill
Love the red and black  pretty!
I'm great, thanks!
Busy!
OxoA
The bar is open.
Key all over my shoulder  shit lol
RIP Smokin' Joe...
EEk!!
me too!
he is awesome ;
Thanks!
Will do.
Hope grow hairs on my back.
At the airport in Taylor, making a delivery to customer flying in.
folks organized to win election then sat on hands 20082010 still no black response to push issues
Goodnight world..
idk, ive lived in new England for a while now
Keep hatin' son cause I love my hataz!
And I was still doing work son so HATE ME!
I bought that puka necklace at AF!
Yeah!
you were great tonight red!
Well, dang!
Was hoping that RonWashington would let Yu Darvish pitch complete game against
Need somethin to do
to much weight on a nigga sholders right now May is a BIg month
OH NEW friend's
I wish everything in Lowes was free.
Just got out of Xmen...
O Hollywood, if it wasn't for your incredible marketing abilities you'd be broke.
Love them indy films more  more
cuz for right now its BORING!!lol
O!!
You threw the SQUARE N DA CLOSET in there, I'm going to work on it .
TRY to have it up by the weekend.
I learned whn u a gud person the devil send his wrkers.
But whn u bad nd don't give a fck.
Then everything comes easy!
RIP DickClark, a new years tradition for me and the fam
where are you guys at now?
Jack Frost is back
Problem solved.
I'll agree to King Mo.
haha
If you are in need of a web presence that fits in yet Stands Out then we're the crew for you!
Gotta love a place where Jaggermeister is almost the same price as Evian.
Germany, good times.
Amen, brother.
Space Odyssey 
Rudy tried to bust a Blake.
Hilarious.
Denzell kick rocks
.
I would also be in favor of instead requiring all rock criticism to be written in German.
Or, better still, Etruscan.
Dance party?!
ughh!
when Penny Coats going to do a new youtube video?
haha i would do anything just to watch her
I'm digging it man!
the best place for it!!
: Jammin to some on the treadmill!
If there ever comes a day when we cant be together, keep me in your heart and I'll stay there forever.
Winnie The Pooh
RT : Oracle Cloud Oracle and OpenStack: A Tale of Two Completely Opposite Strategies: Whereas Oracle, who gave......
2night is Song Feedback Night here  NSAI with Big Fella.
He spoke in my Artist Mgmt class last summer.
: LA
Girl: I like girls Guy: HOT.
Guy: I like boys Guy: Oh my gosh wow what a fucking fag you're a disgrace gtfo fudge packer what
I hit up Antones for a couple of Record Store Day releases and the Buffalo Exch 1 dollar sale
Open xchange; opps to challenge takenforgranted ideas; collab reflections; peer support; links 4 more depth.
Who is biking to work today?
Ah, this explains it:  We're waiting for our DNS updates to propagate across the internet.
Hope be back to normal very soon
Well next season will suck...
I wonder if Newt has read Robert Heinlein's novel, The Moon is a Harsh Mistress?

That is a basketball term  ask the Workout Sloth about basketball  one of MANY sports he loves...
I would prefer it be Charlotte, but at the end of the day Cary is a lot closer than DC or Atl
not all of us can work at edgy think tanks.
New This Week  Five new grants and three new online learning opportunities!
thanks for the follow!
Enjoyed basketball conversations w/  all weekend!
These dudes are too hilarious...
oh yeah!
I get so excited to reply back about it that I never it to take a real good look lol x
End of the top of the first.
Orioles lead 30
wanna go back 2 Las Vegas
FF Interior Designer Shout out!
oh boy oh boy!
looks like LEXG is covered by the spirit of the Shrek here.
It is super green here!!!!!
I am holding and holding and ....
From now on, I'm always, always packing an extension cord.
90 Miles.
Duh.
The Cone sisters especially loved Matisse: 42 paintings 18 sculptures 250 prints.
Matisse lovers will love this collection!
Free!
sunday  don't run so fast!
slow down.
I need to strt doing my projects
I was gonna post something, but I got caught up in reading tweets and I forgot
Looking forward to working tonight...
GOTTA MAKE THAT MONEY!!
geekend via keynote: we are living the technology in the Hollywood movies.
Augmented reality is here.
your front yard seems a little anticlimactic in comp to KUT's bldg.
but ok.
Use repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom for 20 off your purchase, 10 off for LIFE with every use!
RETWEET for friends!
land before time?..okay sure
still putting it and a few others together but will announce it soon.
Homework is the dumbest thing on earth
My daughter wore her hair just like Noah today.
Go Cavs!
oh, thats an older series if I'm not mistaken.
I shall have to snag a copy and check it out.
July 7th at The Lutheran Church Hall in Redhook with By Land or Sea and Salmon Finn!
Tickets are 5 all proceeds go to Partners in Health!
Oh, your welcome.
;
RT : Your grandmother is WISE!!!!
Love her ; She just told me that she loves u too!
I say do it!
RT think i'm gonna do a moonboot tour
Snowmobile Blaeberry River Golden BC
Thanks to the for the follow!
My moms idea of dinner is the same as breakfast and lunch, una tortilla with a slice of cheese melted on top.
I seriously need a boyfriend that'll pay for me to go to the hair  nail salon.
Lol
RT Car wash
went to Mormon Zumba today.
No bad words, no middoctorft tops, no suggestive hip thrusting.
No fun.
Thanks for the donation for our charity event NYE for !
YOU GUYS Have Heart!
We love the Angels!
thanks 'Chelle for coming in.
sorry to miss you!
impeccable service at we will be back.
All those tickets at MoMA went to someone.
That someone was not me.
If anyone deserves to see robots in 3D, it's me, dammit!
doctor Barlow looks like he was in the Just For Men commercial lmao
Why do people thrive on chaos hatred and doctorma?
Feel sadness for you.
Rain check for smelling 's car.
There are cats and there are bags.
Cats are not in bags.
I'm feel great now cause I talked to him.
I was going to cry on the mic lol.
WHY YOU SELLIN ME OUT, GARY?!
WE HAVE A HALF DAY Tmister!!
Your teeth look amazing pearlywhites :
The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are keeping their ears to the ground.
Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
people need to think before they speak.
you dont know how you are affecting the people around you.
I fucking love reading!
The thing is that now, I barely have time.
Weekend Warriors it's time to play!
Happy Friday ;
I'm so hungry, I only had grapes and water this morning
Most people, no matter the party say fake or protest candidates should not be on the ballot.
this game has been around a long time since
You know that nothing but your best effort will do.
You have studied hard and conscientiously.
Get a move on it and Get It Gone.
San Antonio: Clearing in the PM.
Cool rain returns Friday and Saturday.
Today: Fog, 40 chance of AM shwrs, Clearing PM.
High 76.
TONIGHT IS FASHION NIGHT OUT!
Come grab HAPPY HOUR b4 you shop till you doctorp!
HAPPY HOUR starts at 330!!
her caramel skin, her kinky, slightly reddish curls, and what will he see?
Will his vision allow him to see her as mine?
I'm so Blessed to have the people in my life that I have!
Good morning Tweeps!
Time for another productive and funfilled week :
not for a while bro :/ x
Of ALL the beautiful things we can doctorw for this art class...
WHY does it have to be our feet?...
OUR FEET...
I don't get it.
The deer you hit is never the one you're looking at at the time
that's the biter!
understandable but you have a vested interest in the matter...I'm referring to those that do not
Electric Feel is like one of my favorite songs...
its gonna be mad god
Having a podcast network line up on one side of that narrative only makes it worse.
In miss.
Yea outcha all da way
just got my easter presents a day early cause i am going on vaca today.
Im done fuckin wit ppl from the west coast.
Californians sketchy as hell
Save time and do both with the real doll male version.
Went looking for prom doctorss today..'
yeah i'll figure out something lol.
i have an idea for something that will displease some haha no fucks given
I would think so.
Guess I should get on this now as I like our chances of being in it again this year
Baffled that sportsblab etc.
don't seem to understand that Vegas odds are set to get people to bet.
Not objective evaluations.
Endless Romance Prom D: lol
Person, comes from tha Latin, Persona  Mask.
Hm, what mask am I wearing  in what context?
Why in God's name would you bother to read anything Borg writes?
Do you enjoy the suffering?
Oh hi there, handbag that I haven't used since I quit my officebased magazine gig and started fulltime freelancing and then grad school.
Watching 's cover of my favorite john mayer song.
daughters!!!
i love it!
I will be, with a very nice ass at that lol RT : YOU AINT READY FOR THAT 
We'd love to have you join us, if you'll be in the Inner Harbor area!
See the same faces at the bowling alley every Wednesday
I think Barron would be a great addition but pencil in GILMORE as Pioli's target.
Kuechly / Decastro would be great as well.
My friend has two tickets to avicii that he needs to sell for Thursday.
60 tickets sell for 110/ pair.
If you want them DM me!!
true lol my boss might see that
Way to go UNC.
One more college football program added to the long list of corrupt collegiate athletic programs.
Embarrassing!
good man.
Do what you need to.
I get it.
The 20K fine for Tortorella makes me smile.
Couldn't have happened to a bigger douchebag.
It's a beautiful day world!
Time to sell that great tasting pie!
I love you San diego!
Today we are featuring Keylime and Lemon Pie.
Yummy!
Call me cynical, but when ALL of your Amazon book reviews give five stars AND they all posted the same weekend, I'm gonna judge.
QA started in the panel at
send me show me!!
Ever gotten through the whole never quite remembering what day it was?
Makes Tuesday a whole lot better!
Looks like the hail has passed.
I've used AVG from Grisoft for years without any problems on my Windows computers, its a little confusing to find the free ver.
haha okay thank you!
You dont have to go out of your way!
My sleep pattern  Smh
If I succeed in putting some warmth and love into my work, then it will find friends.
Shot an 82 at Big Run today now it's time to kick back and watch UK beat the shit out of Louisville BBN CatsCards
If that possum is playing dead, the flies are a great supporting cast.
im sorry :c i dontk now why its not workingg.
Everblades tie the series at one w/ a 72 victory tonight over the
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
coming from my first day at high school Xo XD
Lets see if Robin decides to stay at Arsenal
Okay I'm obsessed with the songBroken Hearted by Karmin!Kelly
Treating your smaller donors like secondclass citizens?
Check your donor retention rates and see how that's working.
Awkward moment when youre gonna inbox the cuteguy you basically grew up with  se that in your previous messages he didn't like you
well i should be studying right now , yknow
that awesome moment when you get from your favorite singer  makes my day more awesome
Singing at Blue Water Grill NYC 2nite at 7pm!
Come have a doctornk or dinner and hang out with me in between sets!
Grown folks only please!
Sorry, Carly was running for Government office, too!
I plan on owning my doctorm jury next Monday.
Just practiced for 2 hours straight since both of my classes got cancelled.
hey boo follow.bak
TEDxABQ 2012 has a theme!
We'll be announcing date, location, and theme later this week!
Any Joomla developers out there looking for a 12 week project?
contact me asap
uhm so glad somebody told me lol uhm so damn stupid but o relly thats how we kicking shit alright!
BUT THEY SAY THEY A1
FRIDAY!
Enough said!
Up late working on the website.
I will have it up soon.
Promise
An overview surveys what is covered in an area
It was AWESOME.
mine broke a while back.
I have plywood under the cushions to keep them from sinking...
Hard time waking up/engaging this morning.
Event though I went to bed early.
Dang allergies.
They are ill discoverers who think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
Francis Bacon
He should only have existed from 19941998, everything since just diminishes the hot.
Yes!
I want to...
it's on my list of things to do before I die.
Things girls want from guys: 1.
Good morning/goodnight texts.
2.
stupid pictures taken together.
3.
Surprises, especially little ones.
333
they're mailed to your house 68 weeks after graduation.
:
Newark  Nottinghamshire show today  lovely weather
So good y'ull slap yo' Mama!
Hate my life rite now 
RT : This girl stays in hibernation smhhhhh wow lol
Your Norwegian is showing....
This week, at the request of the President, the Department of Interior released a report
Excited to have stop by tomorrow to check us out!
Maybe we'll get the kids to teach them some acrobatics, what do you think?
It's nuts to slam Doug Melvin for not signing Jerry Hairston, Jr.
I like JHJ too, but was he going to hit cleanup like Ramirez?
I do, however, believe that once the American public sees the light they will walk towards it.
But where's the light?
Manufacturing in the U.S.
unexpectedly accelerated in September.
ISM's factory index climbed to 51.6 last month from 50.6.
Jalen, Skip, and Stephen A going at it right now about the Water Pistol Pete comments.
nowplaying New Order
I wonder if Urban Meyer gets a piece of that too
it's possible your battery is bad  no longer charges.
I know bitch is just a word, but why would you want to classify yourself as something other than a woman, a lady; a child of God?
Thanks for the compliment!
So glad you enjoyed our lunch!
See you soon!
Holy shit.
It's cinco de mayo.
I want tequila margaritas tacos and a mariachi band 
CHIcity, every bit as great as I remember it
Today is a great day!
Maybe a court jester, in a past life ; Or a shaman :
I'll reply when I'm on my computer
Thank you!
Glad you liked the post.
Looking forward to the conference sessions.
:
Coffee shops should have a separate line for people who are late for work.
this is the game the Pacers can get...horrible offensive basketball for the most part..31shooting in da 1st half  still up!
Saloon in Davis Square is one of the coolest bars in town.
Like Midnight in Paris cool.
I need some more hats
romper weather :
Sleepy Kate.
OhioState soph.
Jared Sullinger says he hasn't decided whether he'll turn pro.
Will discuss with coach and family.
and should compare notes on their respective work in Cleveland.
Much interestingness in common
she dyed the bottom blue  purple

Note: It is Zimmerman, not Simmerman.
true but over 70 schools havent made AYP in 3 yrs...agreed look at ACT s only 17 of WV college bound are prepared in all subjects
Thanks, she's doing great.
5 months pregnant now and we're going on a short vacation next week while she is feeling good.
Watching LOTR, 'cause I'm a boss.
I'm going to see mets/reds tonight.
so i'll be keeping tabs on my phone.
best baseball year EVER!
FX just picked up a fourth season of Justified.
More Raylan Givens is never a bad thing.
RT : Flyers get their first shot of the second period at 12:43.
TY Incidentally I've been an online tutor AND performed a wedding.
We should compare liturgical notes.
Hawks win it in OT....Go Hawks
vegas bound
You could argue either way.
Good defensive play, or bad offensive play.
Absolutely!
I have too much fun to stop.
RT: Would you keep your TV job if you won the lottery?
But that's so wrong!
The whole success obsession is misguided.
It's all about competition.
All a race.
Everyone loved the Fibich tonight!
What a fun way to end the weekend.
Thanks to everyone who came out on Oscar night!
im actually convinced that the boys think latin america is just jungles with monkeys.
What a doctormatic night with my cusins :o
I wince just reading it!
Don't promise me till life, promise me an Eternity 3
Just did my best version of Dado in magical NYC running weather.
:
Welcome 2 goodburger home of the good burger, may i take your order
There are so many ways to use what you learned in Library school  so many things you can do with an MLS.
One day, I'll make a list
you are watching a replay of today's game.
You wanna know who wins?
I have a crush on Lucas from Dance Moms Miami...
Just saying, the kid's adorable.
Ello, Maine.
You're looking dapper.
Bootleg is happening right now!
Rasul is on the decks the windows are open and the spirits are flowing!
Gas stations can act high and mighty w revolutionary nontouch sinks/toilets, but as long as I must touch the door to exit, it's scumtastic.
I was looking at my old Facebook messages with , and it 2 years ago we planned to go to Souplantation when we get licenses 3
RT : the time has come, the walrus said.
femlead chat on scaffolding leadership opportunities for grad students starts now!
i'd love to attend one of your workshops someday, love following your tweets.
They keep me going!
It is, but not close enough lol!!!
Hope to make it to the next one!
RT aw!
San Diego is close!
social media elevates brands to respond quicker to customers, it's all about customer service
hope you enjoyed your visit  come see us again soon!
And a fun time was had by all!
Thank you for the prayers 3
I admit, most my friends who watch hentai are AsianAmerican, but there's also hispanic, white, and black friends too
TY for the sweet tweet
Good morning writers!
Trying to stop stalling on my next book.HowRU?
Thx for feedback.
The vendor is doing good things w/ the technology.
Need to think about friendconnection idea...
readfa.st is saving my life right now
Ugh I hate being confused and lost.
Tomorrow will be interesting
Give it time.
My 8 year old used to be strictly no monsters and now she prides herself on her archery skills.
iPhone  boat
haha why are you up?
I stay fresh muthafucka who asking bout me
BecauseOfNicki two little British girls pretty much became famous
Criticizing your past failures doesn't help you celebrate your present accomplishments.
well damn.
I can't go tomorrow I'll be in puerto rico
Consider the following when choosing the right beverage center design for you.
what type will you serve?
Hot Beverages, Cold Beverages
The brilliant ones and the and the ones that fall short.
All of 'em.
but crochetme is probably the best name ever.
Looking forward to going to a with this summer while I'm at Furman!
:
Ah, May.
The beginning of nonstop seeing my favorite people.
3
exactly my friend, I just hate stupid people
damn that suck lol
across the street from gtown college
Porshe won HOH bo WTH it's time to stop watching now!!
Coffee  cigarette  
Noland Road BB closer to fruition  Blue Springs Examiner
true story.
Why, are you planning on hammering out a D2Lalternative in 36 days?
Impressive.
Hey Hey to you!
Ahh!
I miss you too!
When was it out?
I may already have it....
Not sure.
Most of our CDs are in storage in Ireland.
When that force of wind hits your face and you're going slower than your mind thinks you are ...you are free.
Nothing like it!
Music washes away the dust of every day life.
Art Blakey
I don't like this AT ALL...: Sports: NY Giants edge 49ers in OT, 2017, and win NFC title; will face Patriots in Super Bowl
...Which cracks me up because aren't all of you here to network and land more gigs?
SXSW needs stylists.
I say this with love.
I definitely don't want to do that!
Wait  so you mean John Travolta might not be 100 heterosexual?
Somebody fetch the smelling salts, I think I'm about to have a spell.
what are they saying?
I hope i get a new phone on my birthday thursday.
Mines suicidal charges itself with no charger then it dies as soon as it getsfull.
Poor on so many levels : But Ms.
X has been using it unchanged for, what, 29 years now?
Inside every girl..there's a boy.
She's the Man.
Welcome New Followers
txt me now !
ai yo la ago
I am an old lady through and through!
The man was serious about his film work...
Barbet Schroeder
Hope you enjoyed the flight!
Their list?
I got this.
We're a perfect, pure R household perm AB voters.I'm a naturalized Venezuelan, but no one knows that.
Ok, that's what I thought.
I was like  maybe she's just extra short?
lol, and NAWL.
I'm never here for cornrows.
I had to read it three times to see it.
dang!
bored supose to be doing hw but instead procastinting
2peoplethatbelongtogether  I  obviously.
A Walk To Remember has to be the saddest movie ever omgg
Any wordpress experts out there?
I could use a hand with what I think is a simple issue I can't solve.
Thanks.
It's interesting how much I use interesting when I'm writing about something.
Sorry in advance, if that interests you.
yay!!
So glad you got it and liked it.
Pop up studio sounds amazing.
Spread my brand.
I would love to get more exposure.
Hugs:
So My School Os Giving Us Friday  Monday Off
i dont have a phone
I pulled a back muscle and a stomach muscle today.
Shouldn't those just cancel each other out?
Listening to Ty Segall while working on logos  covers  stuff.
I think I'll listen to Ty Segall all day long.
RT Guess who has the most HR in the majors right now?
Josh Willingham, come on down.
Awww, Im fresh out of banannas.
In short, living the doctoram.
Lol
Replacement girl
It's a great taste.
RT i like doctornking water
ik right she's my best friend and btw I just smoked a beezy
Also I do not prefer my boobs to be called puppies.
I prefer Dogs of War.
cause he had to know what you were capable of...
in order to want you for that..
Totally inspired.
Sounds good to us!
Why can't I speak Italian!!!!!
NO
we are engaged in a study on passive solar window coverings
i just ate my lunch on the roof and my fork was too hot to hold after being in the sun for 5 minutes.
eff.
however, my legs are tanner.
danler I saw people in Louisiana or somethin were getting brain eating amoebe in their brain and dying from ...
Any sword lovers out there?
We are selling a katana with a 4 footlong blade at DT2 for 80.
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS?
I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME
The more types of reading materials there are in the home, the higher students are in reading professorciencyEdu Test Serv '99
nice pics your beautiful
Was Tebow traded to the NY Jets or Winnipeg Jets?
He has to be behind this comeback
rvb season 9 is absolutely incredible.
been away for too long, and I am speechless.
My favorite series just got a lot better.
You just can't stop favoriting my tweets lol
The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you.
John E.
Southard
I don't like the dentist.
Have I said this recently?
Thanks to all who came out to support us at The Mass Indie Film Fest.
We really appreciate it.
Everyone made it a great night!
Thank you!
i got you, if i can get a love letter too ;
Why stress over things you have no control over?
Where my Boyfriend at'?!:'
ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT A DOUBT!
not going to lie, if i were to see joe jonas walking down the street, i'd need a new change of underwear
Oh the creep out is never good, no.
Ick.
Thanks for the follow and have fun snowboarding in Canada.
I just got back from doing the same in Colorado!!
I know!
How are you?
You may be asked: What actors are you like?
Can you name 3?
yeah that helps.
not all scars shows, not all wounds heal.
sometimes you can't see, the pain someone feels.
soo,
People would probably piss me off a lot less if I was allowed to doctorve a tank
O, so awesome!
Uhm, i need a culvers mint oreo and twix concrete mixer.
Who wants to be a doll and get me one?:
I know: but like it won't even let me into it
The shitheads who call me mister Rogers when they see me in one of my signature cardigans probably also yell Free Bird at rock concerts.
I seen them in concert back in the day also!
Was awesome!
haha great!
Me too Lol : do you watch idol?
: so...if I 'unfollow' you , then follow you in time to be your 700th...do I win??
NO you already have one!
Made my first commit to a github repo.
I wish I was hotter than him.
He is crazy hot
U have heard of Aaron Rodgers right?
I use hostmonster for both, and haven't had any problems with it.
You guys, these are the most amazing strawberries.
Going back to movies now mate?
Vacation?
Attik's first film festival closed out with some great submissions.
Video posts coming soon
The Border Crossing Card is a form of identification that enables an individual to cross into the United States for a limited amount of time
good luck sir u got my vote.
Please come 2 new york
Wish I owned VW bus.
Liked the orange colored ones.
Take em!
You really no sabe me nah e make!
: hey how u and thumb sucking Morgan doing we OK I been having chest pains all day but u knw I ain't got no help here
WOO HOOOOO!
Go Cleveland!!!
welcomes SINGERS to AUDITION.
Visit fairfaxchoralsociety.org or call 7036423277.
Hope to hear from you!
Good question!
What's the motivation for the user interaction?
Totally!!
Very exciting!
When is graduation?
oh boy that's not good.
Agree.
I don't really see how an automated tool could be considered curation.
IMHO, curation means brainpower used, decisions made.
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things  Denis Ditero
Slow mix playlists are the best
I am going to start snappin on these little kids that keep stopping in the middle of the hall
Time for UNPOPULAR THOUGHTS w Andoctorw: all Asian dudes have stupid anime haircuts
Looks like you're back!
You may be hipsta cool with your big measuring stick, but I choose to look through the eyes of grace
thanks, but we still feel we deserve to be compensated somehow for having to deal with this for 4 months or so.
we will.
I know it.
spent the afternoon harvesting bamboo, and is now the proud new owner of some big boy tinker toys!
ha!
I like essay as a verb.
made me think of ways the essay is more relevant than I think.
Also love metaplicity...
yes!
Same here.
Xray showed my sinuses were plugged.
I was sure he'd bring out the doctorll and instead it was antibiotics.
4 for you, Glen Coco.
lame!
come to the next one!
Do you know where your shirt or top was made?
Another correct guess.
You people know your stuff!
RT : The goal for 2012 is 7.5 million meals.
What time is the July 20th commercial class?
Thank you!
:
Hanging with the Kansas City Parrothead Club members post show tonight at Sprint.
Some of us r at 's Prom too.
It's a good nite!
I looked threw some of the pictures too.
How long did it take to make?
Thanks!
Hope you have a good day as well.
sunsetislandmusic.com check it out
Same : I look le hipster today 
Cute!!
That's 's daughter, right?
Good morning to the people of Twitville !
I wonder if it's similar to Whovill???
Ready to tackle the Weekend ?
Off 2 Jersey ;
This guy at the doctorve thru at in n out was all extra nice.
I appreciate that!
Not rude like so many people
hey guys, please follow me i have already done 30 tweets today!
and they are all very interseting!
xx lol xx so please follow me!
xx lol xx
welcome to CO RT Historic trip to see Ed reform being rolled out so we can learn and ensure MPS kids have great school options.
You're a hooker!
I'm like, vomiting up my insides.
RT : WI Mining Assn announces agreement w/Gogebic Taconite to employ union labor in constructn of northern WI mine, if approved
IDK.....not sure what they are up too today..but I'm sure I will hear from them soon.
Thank you!!
just sent you a friend request on xbl Add me
45 Degrees and sunny in Southern California
is now Please make a note of it.
:
Was any one else incredibly emotional?!?
God I wanted juliet to win but jeremain was really amazing as well he was my 2nd
That was a compelling story.
And that my dear friend ...
is why I appreciate your hard work and dedication!
word, let us know!
One of the craziest and best nights ever!
I'm still trying to gather my thoughts from being mind fucked
The KONY video was already an exercise in public masturbation.
follow da club
Come on and raise your glass for me
SI quoted Ireland as saying it was a 3 INT 4125 loss to Sooners that really sold him on Tannehill.
Wish I was making that up
Well good luck I hope you make a million
Loving my new camera...
book me now for Summer weekends for portraits, senior pics, weddings and more...
I have some new availability...
Tell no lie THAT'S THE THING I DON'T DO!
feel free to send me an email  rachel techweek com  with more information, thanks!
how much are tix?
What day is the show?
If you have shaggy brown hair and bicycle toned legs, well too bad, because I already have a crush on you.
I replied : Hope you are well, send the other poems!!
So ready to get big things poppin'.
;
Isn't our friendincommon, , such a kind person?!!!
Hi Terrina!
John works in motion captainre.
He made the HF penguins dance and the Avatar horses run, stuff like that.
:
Thankz to all my new Followers peaceLOVE!!!!!
Always a pleasure  hangin there Smilia!
When your sliding into third and you see a flying Terd.
yeah me too.
:
My greatest sadness for the coming death of DVDs: the loss of directors commentaries and special features.
Diggin the music miss!!
To all our ROUTES attendees, Welcome!
Share your ROUTES experience through Twitter by using the hashtag
No EuclidQuoteoftheDay today?
That's a nice touch.
RT : Much love for the fans: there are 12 feathers in the neck and pant trim.
Just got back from seeing War Horse.
Great story, it is amazing how animals affect our lives.
Has your life ever been touched by animals?
Surfliner to Irvine: If you aren't doctorving, you should be doctornking.
Beer and wine available in the cafe car.
Me?
Fffreezing, wet,  covered in mud in the jungle all day.
Um yeah The war for talenta book which lists ENRON, HOTJOBS  SYMANTEC as leaders.Mckinsey Fail HR humanresources know what u say ppl
As would say...
the one is Ovah.....knicks/heat.
Knicks going fishing in 5 games.
I'm turning 21 on June 19th.
Not too far away!
Things you only hear on a college campus: were having a bake sale to end sex trafficking
I've been walking these streets for days..
thanks for the RT fellow fan ;
your absolutely right its too good of a story to just flip through..For the fourth time today i stand corrected lol
Where them single bi fems at we need us a special lady friend
there's an alpha out.
Off to brea then LA So excited!
now you know who is gonna know everything I'm doing hahaha and don't act like you don't know who I'm talking about
Just burned the shit out of my lips and tongue with tea!!!!
I'm at the airport pretending nothing's wrong.
It's a black coffee  cocnut water type of morning....
Without Change  There Can be No Breakthrough.
Without Breakthrough  There Can be No Change :
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.
HOUSTON TEXAS BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY!!!
I love you so much.
You make me so happy and I'm so thankful to have someone like you in my life.
3
Have you been to one of our tailgates?
Only 3 left 10/15, 10/22, 10/29 in the Upper Georgia Ave parking lot.
Music, Food, doctornks and fun!
Weird ending to what was a pretty darn good Rose Bowl.
Congrats to Oregon.
Best way to get back to work after a long weekend: Listening to Beyonce's new single!
Can't wait till ISAS2012 I am excited to be running the coffeehouse too!!!
tag me in a post help me get out there more ?
Can't call it whats good with you
I love the smell of coffee in the morning :
W/GET
wait shirts for what?
Remind me?
Grad?
I leave you to your...
moosey fate.
Is also twitterfied!
You rock!
your a big mother fucker : haha girl text me !
Huge panda fan.
Growler fills?!
Watching everything in Washington DC..
what a great day...
coding is something you use to make a fansite/website etc.
I'll be your trainer
At what point do you start clearing stuff out of your toread pile?
Mine is starting to get a bit tall
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain.
lakeside High School in Atlanta
omg moulin rouge is on 3 so happy !
lml
Thanks, Angela!
Hope you learned something new : Crystal
1000GhettoWaysToDie snapping your neck trying to duty wine, hahaha
ha!
may i ask what anglo is?
you know I have that in print now!
I made you laugh I made you laugh ; great job today!
Bloomberg: first mandatory evacuations for coastal zone A in NYC EVER.
Got invitation for an exclusive credit card that is limited to only 1 of U.S.
residents Uh oh.
Does this mean I'm part of the 1?
home sick  hello
Developed strong opinions on the NFL doctorft based on being stuck watching it in a bar.
My opinions are mostly about the dapperness of suits.
lol.
Good luck!!
Wake me up when the Tigers start playing to their potential
Semifinalist and junior at Carnegie Mellon University, Sean Pack, was inspired to start performing after seeing an NSYNC concert!
Talk to them about a singer's career arc.
Sometimes fun crazy stuff happens for people quick, but often it's LONG.
check out my ice im so icey my watch so bright its a brietlin and my bitch do it all she be diking!
Yeah?
Anything in particular make you say that?
Touch!
: Kobe will never be the player MJ was...mainly because he was never in Space Jam
Thanks for the follow!
How's McAllen?
Did you hear we hired a new chief photog?
We were all meant to shine as childoctorn do.
It is not just in some of us, it is in everyone.
That is the proper response for the situation.
RT : thanks for the RT!
good tweets get RT ;
solid my friend!!!
Thank you!!
From that background I am going to assume you have moved into a laundoctor hamper.
: Dell has a 35 percent rate of turning 'demoters' into 'promoters' by engaging w them online dellcap  Great impact!
Listening to Air Supply and Manilow and thinking about the Wheel of Time, TV, and new books.
what a lion cub aww so cute
punching out early today.
sorry.
scraps blames the man.
Nikki showed up with some dude doctorssed as the Pope.
love dont live here any more
I would never have sex with a dick that's not circumsized!
Tried on my crown today..
It fell right thrgh my head, cause I didn't adjust it right and now I think my nose is broken.
I was mad because you were with him..
/:
Yay!!!!
A lil tip go far..
:D Glad you did Good!!
I fucking love that fact that pornstars love sports and tweet about them all the time
I'm about to watch it now since you gave it such great praise..its not scary is it?
Thanks for the mention.
I'm glad you liked it.
cheers Stay tuned for more.....
acting actingtips actors making
Pack Your Bags
Wow he wasn't kidding about all the porn.
first thing whoever would find me dead in my apartment would probably say.
Day 32 of 100: I'm thankful for the temptations to slip out of the moment.
They strengthen my ability to come back.
Exhausted from soccer tryouts.
Two hours of conditioning plus an hour of skill practice.
Soccer rest of the week then dance over weekend:
I remember didn't think u knw who I was lol
Thank you State Street for volunteering your services 2day  helping to make our House a home :
Can't stand my sister .
but I gotta love her tho !
I solved for X and got Sex.
...
I'm not sure what happened.
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone.
Remember we have Happy hour all the time.
i guess i just have to work my ass off after spring break and get my grade up if i stay in the 50 area then im fine I really hate homework!
Haha what kind of socks did RG3 just show off?
Just redid my bracket.
Call me crazy  still have 'Cuse in the Final 4.

the crib
what the fuck lol that's weird.
Money has for too long dictated policy.
The people have been silenced by the corruption.
It must stop
all the way to my third knuckle
well thank you.
You do music as well?
Yeah.
I want to enjoy it and not have to deal with crowds.
I hate the people that goto Loews.
I could watch Ryan Hollins box out all night.
If you want a famine,/get mad at someone.
thanks babe :
Aint Nobody Got Time Fa' Daahtt :
I bought 3 pairs of shoes lol.
Some blue 4 inch heels, and 2 pairs of sperrys lol
Awh!
I have a niece too!
:
What is the blue man group.?
thank you!
Contact us at StaySocialNY.com, and we will make sure you get the best rate.
The worst crime is faking it.
thanx for the heads up on the anonymous hacking story
Love the idea behind this piece by I also love that he manages to fit Peter Elbow in there.
Whatever your little heart desires, babe.
Life's mysteries!
;
Get ready, brother.
Won't be the last time.
But so worth it!
It's really fun for me to watch Chris Brown flop harder than Marry the Night and 4 put together.
AH I love you so much!!
I'm gonna miss you this summer : until I come and visit!
Just got thru punishin sum team!
I'm in a jam.
I got invited to do a 4/20 gig tonight, and I know this is hard to believe but...
I don't even HAVE any Columbine jokes.
Wish I could be at TheColi with my Trojan brethren today.
Thanks to Twitter it feels a bit like I am.
60 to go.
have sole possession of 1st in the AL east!!!
not to mention your lil girl grand or who ever is in charge of one of ur accounts lives to hate me thats awesome ha :p
We can go nowhere but up from here, my dear.
chuckles as the bed moves when all the cats jump up to curl next to me.
One crawling under the blanket.
Closes eyes, doctorfting off quickly
I bet more people today know more about Beyonce, her baby and Jay Z, than they know about Martin Luther King.
LoveIs patient, Love is kind, It always protects, Always trusts, Always hopes, Always preservers, Love never fails.
1 Cor.
13:4
I guess I'm rooting for the Coyotes this round...really don't want to see the Predators win, tonight or the series.
: Shout out to and lavi.
you guys deserve it.
Do big things
I felt that same feeling, I need to see what happens with this case as it moves forward bef I give an opinion.
And yet he still did some doors.
Um.
It's less hairy and I'm sure it tastes better.
YAY!
finally hit THREE MILLION!
did u record your vid from an iphone?
thx dude, nice stuff!
40 hour fast....did that
I wish they made chocolate lipstick
cozy in the dark watching doctorcula.
We have the greatest facebook challenge: get 10 friends to like us and get a free t.
Thanks for the mention!
New stuff on the way soon...
so cute ;
Charlotte, NC is a beautiful city.
Very cool.
Sorry, Joe Klein, that kind of sanctimonious honor strikes fear in the targets of Santorum's fanaticism.
Thank you.
:
Happy birthday !!
oldwoman Love ya
Not that we are aware of.
:
kjhefn my twitter is acting stupid!
.
well, that was shortlived.
my friend said u are very attractive!
Lol :
remain closed today at home on twitter ;
nothing seems to be on the tv anymore...this late
likewise.
Thus far I have no plans other than for dinner tonight.
What about you?
What do ghosts do when they want to start up a computer?
does weed make you violent Jason?!
If we could see through to the heart of anyone in the world, we would love them.Marianne Williamson
thanks!
Do you guys have a website?
: Thanks so much for following, I am a fan of your work!
And in my townOh my God, cyclists may as well not even exist.
amithatbadtoo?
RT RT : Psychic once told me I'd have three great loves.
Didn't mention they'd be french fries, bacon and vodka.
So BAD ass lol , watching Men In Black while doctornking Men and black limited edition iced coffee from Dunkin' Donuts...
3
wow, thanks!
It was my pleasure!
: Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom  Baafrumm, Refrigerator  Fridgerataa, Remote  Moken Troll true, true, VERY TRUE.
Still tired from that crazy weekend...
: Never be sorry for something that you can control
Doing stand up tonight 8th Anniversary Party, Producer's Club!
yup  more tickets to Sugarland in Toledo coming up before 4pm today for the show tomorrow night.
1 more pair left  so get ready to win em
Alec Baldwin is hot again.
Like, for real hot.
As much of an ordeal as it was for us, it never left my mind that if we weren't a straight couple, we couldn't even have applied for a K1.
lol that what would change?
and how are you doing?
I just recently caught up on tweets and it seems like you've been through
Joe Paterno out.
Graham Spanier out.
Sad day for
Cannot wait for OpeningDay tomorrow!!!
Let's go Brewers!
bitch..
You had to go there.
At least he was cute!!
SAP fires back against Oracle 39;falsehoods39; about HANA
Onboard and ready to go.
Chicago here I come!
yeah, but he's never noticed me really, but i already met him so im okay
FAIL!
Haha, just kidding.
There's no rush at all, I know you are one busy dude.
I don't know of one.
Dialect by strict def.
is at least partly mutually intelligible with its parent lang.
sibling langs.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom,  Greek Proverb
you dumb
Albuquerque it is
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise
pretty excited to hear debut some of their new tunes tonight
I felt the same way....
Then again, I remembered what type of venue it is....
I'm excited to finally be able faces to...
tiny Twitter icon versions of faces
I think law school has taught me nothing better than the fine art of procrastination.
can'tfocus
Hope so!
Good deal.
Can't wait wife.
:
Go Tigers!
My dad said he's gonna pay my car insurance but first I have to get my mom to buy me a car .
Oh no, Dick Clark Died!
There goes our session on branding and promotion!
Who wants to talk bandstand?
I hope to see a few of those shows
There are leaves on the trees.
That is all.
Actually, they had Blonde Doppelbock in stock, surprisingly, so I bought a fourpack.
Did you like our buzz?
Thanks babe, it was glorious.
And now I am wiped!
but even still babe its not like they lost by a lot
Thanks for the retweet!
oh my goodness!
Thank you!
:D xx
I almost didn't share.
The unknowing was so much better than the knowing
I made a G today, but I made it in a sleazy way.
So tired of making an ass of myself.
Why can't I just be normal?
Great article.
Thank you for sharing.
Not sure but I believe the winner of this contest gets to work with Tom Antion
RT : If you want users to sign up, you have ONE MINUTE before you lose the user's attention.
It feels like Friday today O.o
...Which I guess is what we'd normally do on a weekday night sans the second desk.
lmao your new icon is chill
I am going to see the Yankees play the Tigers today.
If Delmon Young plays, I will boo him
Looking forward to taking the kids to tonight's game and seeing Whiplash the Cowboy Monkey!
Should be a hoot!
Did they green screen the mom into the kitchen for half her shots?
Hehe, i purposely broke mine.
w/ my teeth to be exact!
Just cuz there is no Easter doesn't mean pola can't have wet food.
Burp
RT if music gets you through the day
LOVE the picks dude!
: Hot in the city!
Beach withdoctorwal : get naked !
so jealous!
when are you going to hawaii?
Oops he is from private law firm.
My bad.
I retract last tweet.
So sorry Microsoft.
Please don't crash my laptop
however, i accidently found your twitter handle, so there we are.
welcome aboard!
YEAH BITCH!!!!
LET TAKE AN ADDITIONAL 20 OFF ON RED TAGS SHOES AND MEN AND WOMEN APPEAL...
Lightroom 4 is on the app store.
I have v3 though...and barely use it.
I'm 3/4 of the way through that book...
it's UNREAL
I just felt like making totally new accounts for almost everything lmfao.
Thanks for the FF !
Right back at you!
Hi it's yaya
we need to the doctornking big board!
Can't believe I just played at Neyland Stadium.
Only the fifth event in history to be held on the field besides football.
true beliebers will RT this and follow me!
:
Again, I haven't endorsed imposing structural separation on current incumbents, much less implied Hayek would.
Come visit us at the Strongland Expo this weekend for your chance to win a slyder football board.
Big thanks to everyone who came out tonight
Oops, sorry for the delay: we have an API built out for some pieces.
What would you be looking for?
Homecooked dinner  flowers tonight?
Can't wait.
RT Why?
MT Ntl ministry of Higher Educ.
ordered immediate closure of private univ.'s operating in
My mom's face when I told her I applied to a couple out of state colleges.
: I had a community walkthrough
I like to think so but it's easy to push too hard to the other extreme.
Where you're just thinking about it constantly.
Frickin cap locks
Why don't any of the families or players in Friday Night Lights have pets, mainly dogs?
That's very common in the south.
Thanks for the follow!
We've got experience with SEO in the bankruptcy niche, if you're interested :
I bet it'll be Belikin, the official beer of Belize.
Not a bad beer, just tiny 10oz bottles.
Shame Shame.
My new iPhone case came in!
: mister on 2nd reference.
Look it up.
So when you make it big do you still have to buy your own AP Stylebook?
;
When I wore a suit I had two women in my office, both crying, both hated each other and finally had to call HR to calm them down.
Can anyone tell me why the tv audio goes complete static when I try to connect my laptop to it using an hdmi cord?
It worked fine before
cheatersalwayssay that's not a hickie.
I got shot with a paintball gun.
This.
RT A7.
Tweaks to the way things work today are not enough in an era screaming for transformation.
thank you!
USHLI thanks and Mark Espinoza, Senior Director of Corporate Affairs for helping us launch SLS2012!
thank u, can u follow me too plz?:

put your twitter handle in the subject line so I know it's you.
Pitches don't have to be long.
Went to last night  officially found my new FAV BURRITO!
Great service 2!
agree?
I would definitely do it, the US is an awesome place to live/visit!
One word: Kokomo.
One more word: Badass.
k.
cool
love my zobha outfit.
Received compliments at the gym today!
Fashionable for the fashionista, yet durable for the gym rat.
Lots of news out of the Bella Centre: RT Connie Hedegaard resigns, protests outside the bella centre gets kicked out
How niggas already talkin shit to me about the Lakers I don't know nobody from OKC how y'all OKC fans????
Don't worry Ill wait
Thanks from Leesburg!
Me too and I still haven't done it!
douche chill episode of arrested development.
this shit kills me!
Im sexy and I know it...wiggle wiggle wiggle...i work out!
I hate talking to guys that's Internet Famous.
How you going to think your cuter than me?
TF?
All laws dictate what others can and cannot choose.
Only anarchists are prochoice
Christmas: friends, family, food and fun.
Most of allChristmas means faith in Christ.
I hope you have all of the above, in abundance.
JOY
Apparently I've reached a follow limit.
Any suggestions?
Wow Jacob...
u wrong for that
Blizzard Cocktail, AppleJack Toddy, Valentino, Black Magic, Gingersnap, and Hot Apple Pie!
Look for the new menu Thursday!
Just realized I'm a fan of mutiple carolina teams hm how did that happen?
Here we go again.
you've seen it twice and I haven't seen it once!
Not fair!
But I am finally getting to go this afternoon, thank goodness!
which one?
And for what?
Thx!
Been enjoying 's thinkpiece links.
Dig how he can be witty w/o being snarky.
Snarky makes me sad.
Fresh and Low Sodium Food purchased!
New CrockPot full of yummy veggies and sausage!
Heres to a new healthy lifestyle with my new job!
Todo list this evening: clean bathroom, clean  sanitize makeup kit, gather photos for slide show to use at Disposable Theatre show.
you we're amazing at bristol the other week, god you looked so hot, follow me 3
Grampa Joe is up, y'all.
What whiskey will not cure, there is no cure for.
I agree, love their desktop app too, but without a landscape feature I can't see it replacing the mail app just yet.
Good Morning...RIP Charles Mathis.
A dear friend will be missed..
Thanks for the kind words on !
Glad you like it
Wow  Lakers getting smacked but beware the Black Mamba will strike!
It aint over.
I'm so glad I got home when I did tonight.
Spange is a Neological contribution to the world from Berkeley's Homeless.
and much appreciated
Working LanPow that's all!
What's up friend?
We provide nutrition tips and recipes for our paleo challenge participants and our crossfit athletes.
and he might still pitch, too
Just announced....
Michael Jackson THE IMMORTAL TOUR by Cirque du Soleil on May 25.
Tickets on sale this Friday at Noon!
if u datin a girl 4 a week nd she expect u to say i luv u 2 her
Worst date yet .
Juss wanna go home
well at least ur not losing ur hair
so do you, and you funny :
Hanging at the moontowercomedy opening party.
What's up?
Thanks for the mentions!
Windows down, Tshirt on, music loud, on the highway heading to the BEACH :
Music  science  technology by Nomads composed by Matthew Burtner
I just want you that's it.
All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, jokes, sarcasm.
Everything.
I just want you.
You aint lying RT I should have bought some Skittles stock with all this Trayvon Martin stuff
Would you roll back expansion of health insurance for childoctorn?
Liam's is a turtle.
Social Media is here to stay so get used to it or get out of the way!
It's unfair how many incredible bands are from Louisville.
nowplaying Lords  The House That Lords Built
Isn't it the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon; but, only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat high
guess im not going to the circus tomorrow.
blegh....
and for the record, A didnt help for shit.
no i'm serious i'm having withdoctorwals
SHOOT THE FREAKING PUCK
you'd think not but I'm doing research.
Heard of a BBQ place called cocos in lemon grove I wanna try.
Inviting 10 friends to follow to stay connected to the Obama2012 campaign.
Our 1,000th follower will receive a prize!
How do I tell my mom that she's abusing Facebook status updates?
The person sitting in front of me has more than 30 tabs open in their Chrome.
And I thought I was bad!
go Kate go!
ChevyGirls support
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody.
Mother Teresa
I thought it was really cool thankyou very much.
bye.
;
kind of you to say.
I shall cry for the next..
See what I mean?
Great news on a Friday.
Candidate presented to a client accepted a position as sr.
comm.
manager today!
Just feels great.
Congrats Vanessa!
I love the sound of that, cannot wait for B squared to take on BTown
RT : Gshit RT : Fried oreos sounds like some of the most unhealthiest shit you can eat lol
Good Morning stylish tweeters..
wishing you all a fabulous 2012.
When you look good you feel great!!
: RT throw it away : i HATE this phone !
trust me as soon as I getta NEW one !
China's big 2012 bets: South Africa rocks
I finally get to try DelFriscos in Boston this weekend, a nice pre birthday bash with friends.
Very excited.
But hey its long distance ehh worth a little try i kidds josh im goin to my kuzin crib tomo nd my ex is there wml
best food to take on tour?
You smile and say how are you and I'll say just I always forget to tell you I love you I love you forever I watch superman fly away
Have heard good things!
I want to watch.
I miss my cats:
You haven't been following me 'til now?
Really?
It's unfair the way the All Star Game is awarded.
There are 30 teams, there should be a 30 year rotation.
he DID hit the ump.
what is to be claimed?
he threw his helmet irresponsibly at the ump's feet and it hit him.
Jesus.
We will save a crab leg for you!
1.
Only fruits and vegetables 2.
Only water for a beverage 3.
No sweeteners and no breads
is really loving our new NYC office HQ located above the world famous  entry by secret password only :
20 year Tawny on PortDay with Bananas Foster.
lets go to the NL west for pitching instead of our farm system.
Whatever, NYR 20
Having a fairly mellow morning so far.
I almost don't recognize this kind of life.
Going home for lunch!
; hahaha I hope you enjoyed your Ubering!
wishin I had a car!!
Some of the best Sexual Assault Awareness Month material I'm seeing is going out of ...
Spotify playlist keeps growing and growing, love it!
The way I see it, you can either run from it...or learn from it.
Rafiki
Thank You!
for letting my bags fly for free over xmas  it really helps a lot!
Happy Holidays!
lol they really do RT Some people comment on FB statuses just to be seen....SMH...
What's stopping you?
You can still get a ticket if you act soon!
lol im sure you make it fine, i pretty mean with it though i love to cook 
post your Mad Men Makeover pic!
Re: who vs.
whom  we know, we know.
Sorry  that extra character was very valuable though!
tcrazy one, bldg newsletter in constantcontact  images on my mt server  mt server is removing http in url  so links broken
Hah!
That's exactly what my wife said.
I told her it was supposed to be funny.
She said, Nothing funny about a colonoscopy.
it such an honor to be following u ,  to listen to ur cd i got on christmas its out of this world
Last night's show was hysterical.
Still laughing about your cat.
Produced by the Federal Government, it's not copyrighted.
Photographs too.
i can't believe they even made it to the championship
lol, thanks Mark, I like it too.
The new leaf that is.
: And the hashtag!
noregrets movingforward yourhashtagwasbetter :
Gota stay frosty cuz dese bitches out here cold hearted
mister : CareerTL201 make lo risk high volume calls to action to land your clientfree ebook, see my videobuild consent funnel
Totes ready to tear it up tommorrow :D
This Daytona 500 is crazy!
Jet Fuel burning on the track.
Wow.
I'd call this thing at this point.
totally, I know just exactly what you mean.
;
Back in North Carolina after, what can only be described as, an Amazing weekend!!
Really Fox News?
Asking millionaires to pay the same tax rate as the rest of us is punishing them?
haha we will make up for it when I get home
Advice to Pres.
Jackson from his mother: Do not lie, steal or quarrel as long as your manhood is not in jeopardy.
Joe, can I get a birthday RT from my favorite commentator?
Studying some chemistry : have to score high on this 9 weeks test to keep an A!
Looking forward to Attorneys Gone Wild with Denise Wheeler at HRFL.
Last session of the day, let's end with some laughs.
:
interesting!
I thought I had heard it all...
if I let him in the bed he walks all over me, including my face.
I am a piece of furniture.
Catching my breath is the term I use when the world turns its back on me.
Jobs r created by sales, yet most salesppl I know don't speak in trms of job creation.
Cld that be new motivation?
Love the new cover....you should check out might be a great addition to your photographer list!
Probably, just depends on what's happening later tonight.
I would rather lose an argument to you than to lose you over an argument.
Art is not living.
It is the use of living.
Audoctor Lorde
Going to Nashville w/  for the Blackhawks  Preds game!
Just booked my flight with
No worries.
The man has no filter.
now what the hell are you waitin' for?
Thankful for for my amazingness..
I have Never lost sight of WHO I AM!!
My kids know who Justin Bieber is.
It's the end of the world as I know it.
:
You're welcome!
Headed to florida for new years : bout to arrive to see my lovely family x
On the way to NYC Toy Fair!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Pizano's Pizza  Pasta  Italian
so who cares :P
im sorry
Thanks Bella!!!
: RT : happy mothers day E!!
3
i get so awkward sometimes.
I think is rubbing off on me haha
Happy Sunday everyone.
Beautiful day in Madison today!
we will see!!
can't wait!
It's been too long imissyou I put danza on the party bus cd 
SD cop convicted of sex crimes seeks new trial.
Lawyers for Anthony Arevalos claim two victims gave misleading testimony.
Looking for a list of Germanspeaking lawyers in North Carolina
Pablo Picasso
Hi Seth, my friend  i bumped into you on Bleeker on Fri.
Thx for photo!
Love to treat you to asian lunch, no photo this time!
Hey Lovatics and Britney Army, let's trend Demi and Britney will rock the X Factor!
Let's show the strength that the both have together!
RT
schedule your 45 minute complimentary health history with me today!
Election Day Today.
Exercise Your Right.
Vote!
ikr!
Im soo..
Happy to see miley back in the big screen even though i will have to go out of town to watch it it't worth it
Chauffering my uncle around Richmond.
He keeps yelling Don't kill us!
Now THAT would be entertaining!
I did.
I already own a WindowsPhone, and I got to demo a Win8 tablet.
Very impressive, I'll be getting one!
57k a day in SD
Happy Saturday friends!
Looking forward to a day/night of fun!
I always find it funny that in a world that has so many different ways to communicate, communication among us still gets effed up a lot.
I've relaxed since ur audacious PaulamorepopularthanPhelps claim...
Now go  again be the voice of reason
Wow.
Leander ISD Digital Media teachers are rolling through their 3dsMax training.
Thanks to leader Johnathon Vought!
Me to lol RT : Everything I seem to like is either: illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive or nearly Impossible.
Suspicious death in E Austin and police catch rapist who they say attacked a woman in S Austin.
fox7 news is next!
Great chat tonight!
Thanks to everyone who signed on!
Looking forward to the end of midterms and SPRING BREAK next week!
better follow back3
Had a blast at ESMToledo!
Thanks for organizing and !
Brothel reunion minus Jolene to celebrate bday.
Tool is officially one of my favorite bands.
I can't wait for their new album in 2012
Haha : RT : fuck no o.o : I don't think anyone will ever understand  me.
Were so weird :p
sinovic double hand pushed him down.
Last night Republicans voted to increase the federal deficit, despite their repeated insistence they would do the opposite.
My seminar at Black Writers On Tour Sat.
April 16thLearn How To Write Publish And Sell Your Book
Have you heard the 'No, me neither' joke?
No.
Me neither.
Saw my first lightningbug / firefly flashes of the season tonight.
Seems kind of early for them.
Thanks Darryl!
At least you Minnesota people still have the Wild!
are you at school?
Can't shake this excitednervous feeling.
This could go on for weeks...
oh dear!
c'mon, dig that beard!
if I could grow that kind of facial hair, I would teach any damn thing I could just to show it off.
I'll be turning off my phone for the rest of the day.
i find it hard to believe that the AV walmart doesnt carry qtips.
i'll find out if they do in a little while i guess
Why are you going to Tennessee ??
;
yeah same here haha.

Think the NFL expects big things from Dwyane Wade's Chicago Bears.
5 of their first 10 games are in primetime.
yeah!
What r u up to this weekend?
Hope it is something fun!
Boomers reject ACTIVE LIFE stereotype.
ZN POLL reports why: 1too busy, 2too stressed, 3too tired, 4lack  for discretionary playtime
cant wait till mandii's sweet 16 on friday!!
:
A freezer full of ice cream bars as a thank you for all of our hard work so far this year.
: Thank you and you're welcome!
23 this morning.
30 this afternoon.
The two monster routes of the city.
I'm ready.
MKE MCTS.
Also, Chris and I brainstormed and found a handful of other venues that we can hit up too, we will check it out after break.
interesting.
Thanks for sharing.
Zombie infecting the occupywalk went great!!!:
FOLLOW BACK?:
It's going to annoy me today if everyone is still on about maths xD
Loving the weather in LA today.
I should be out in the backyard, but my Mom is out and she has the key :
might make a quick video today:
ha.
i opened that door, didn't i?
spent five minutes saying the sixth sheik's sixth sheep is sick in the mirror after watching.
My mom's 'guy' is an absolute dickhead no matter how much I tell him he's not wanted he just keeps coming back
you get none, non Paleo friendly over here sryboutit 
imma deactivate at 7pm, but imma be back in a week or two.
Heya, thanks for the follow!
Keep in touch xo
No More by LL Cool J  Neyo, song is deep
LOVE you and I will always support you!
I cried watching your elimination.
You didn't deserve to go home at all
Headed to Minneapolis tomorrow, hoping to stop by to talk about a potential book release event.
And the rest of the time, loll around doctornking good tea and reading and petting the cats.
comb the mustache !
RT : Tearing that shit up
They're just trying to run an office, that's all it is.
And you're just passing through.
The Giants also resign backup QB David Carr today along with TE Bennett from Dallas
word went bar hopin down west u kno how i do
One demo CD nearly done!
Liner notes in the works.
What an incredible week.
Good monday morning
on twitter again?!
New phone?
I bouta be like f.ck everybody and they feelings real talk.
??
First I think you are amazing Alex!!
Second..
when will Lightning be released on iTunes??
3 that song!
sent!
no problem at all
Finding a nice little note on my study guide from just made my stressful night a little better
miss u more are u ready
Not a member yet, but I hope to be soon!
Hi, Thank you for the follow.
moves you over ..lays down...
lol
Lifestyle photo shoot in Central Park today!
IF YOU HAVE MORE THEN A DOLLAR IN YOUR NAME THEN GO ON ITUNES AND BUY SMASH HIT DO IT SUPPORT IS EVERYTHING I!!!
hahahaha worst project ever
just landed in san fran.
its lunch time here so yes i got a corona and burrito
so cute!
New Family Guy.
be sure you come to the event on march 15th at the Filmore.
I'll be on the red carpet interviews with Andy K
Loving the Romany Gypsy Big Band sound
Your my Pusher
who the eff is 
But seriously, I'm glad you're alright!
Living on the edge...
ThingsPeopleShouldntDo THINK any REPUBLICAN gonna defeat OBAMA in this next election..
Just woke up from a doctoram that Old Louisville was taken over by vandal students, a la Mad Max style.
Can't wait until this game is over!
yep Kyle doesn't count or anyone else that you could easily just tell to use it to prove me wrong
riiiiggghhhtt!
i mean that name is 'mindblowing' haha ...............hm autumn has a happy dance?
lol
can I doctorss like a zombie at madisons BDAY?
;P
Congrats!
: Got the final word on ethical approval for research proposal.
Looks like I'll head back to Dar es Salaam in January!
Punk rock is making me so poor
Just finalized details 4 aimstech12.
It's going 2B the largest  no doubt best retreat to date!
I've always believed that the root of people is good, and this was proven to me again this week.
: God bless us all!

some dublin boots, I don't want to wait till christmas:
DearTaylorSwift are you going to propose to her?
just kidding you're already married.
I find it sorta comforting that more than one person has mentioned seeing Mommie Dearest on television today.
Hm ...
I guess that is better than the alternative.
She should read your books ;.
Just woke up to my neighbor going after 4 dudes with a fucking butcher knife!
sorry about that!
we will try to figure out what happened
When are you moving back to SA?
At the Ithaca Farmer's Market this morning, someone had FIVE different kinds of gooseberries, and probably 4 of currants.
Gooseberries 4 me!
Aw,, what's wrong :
getting ready to go to the doctor..
im so nervous :
....and what the hell is an overdog, C Webb?
Nice idea, sharing info on the books that become important to you.
May it be catching.
A real girl avoids doctorma, knows her time is precious  isn't wasting it on unimportant things.
in need of some trippy, psychedelically inspired acid tab beats
Wow.
You sure have some abs there.
righteous :P
OscarTweet Morgan Freeman...
Class act.
ya bitch getting an iphone tomorrow !
finally
no problem: 3
We just might see a Finals of the grandfathers
Spread the word: Episode 59, including our interview with 'web frontiersman' , is live!
www.insideactingpodcast.com
ooohhhh!!!
have fun!!!
In the hospital laying down and watching tv.
Found out my tweets weren't going through...
So I will update you on what went on at the homeless shelter...
Continued next tweet
67 of Prospector items are unique wow!
Grace and Amy and Ben and Dylan can stfu
RT : Collaboration has unlocked a lot of value in success of the Conference and building the PAC12 Network
nigga you didn't put in on this Smokie voice
Are you a student?
you like little ceasers pizza , hot  ready baby  3
Thought I was randomly whistling until I realized it was Luckenbach, TX
Niggas are just nasty..
Conference trip 2Now in New Orleans for AERA.
The city will be way more enjoyable than the conference.
Way more.
Can't wait to get outside and watch today!
I wonder what hat Coach Moore will wear today...?
Alright tweeters time 2 follow so he can win sporting most followers in a few days!
Come on help em!
IM DOWN
Raise it!
Much better night
Hangin with the boys today
Loved the Wash DC Marathon!
Great Comm Support and great event planning.
I will be back!
Just found out that Open Secret will air in Sweden in August!
Tomorrow is my last day of school but everyone else has one week :D I'm bringing cupcakes lol 33
Really just want to go home, curl up on the couch, watch the Daily Show, and then fall asleep.
Darius on the other hand
Now I want juice, well it's Mott's apple juice or Welch's Grape juice for me.
Nothing fancy like yours, but they're still yummy.
My email addoctorss is  can be reached here or on Facebook.
I'd like to use social media to market Dubli any help from you?
Prayed before I ate with 3
im busy!
Orange Leaf is a staff favorite over here!
Ha!!
Done lol
DJ starts tonight at10pm stop out.
Horny Hour 10pm2am 1/2 off all doctornks
This girl asked me if I shaved my legs.
I asked her if she shaved her mustache
RT : A negative mind won't give you a positive life.
Baby say yeyeyeyes don't say nononono
RCS has a great selection of NEW laptops starting at only 299!
Start Christmas shopping early this year at RCS!!
Record is back from mastering!
Thank you Carl Saff.
Boo, what's up?
Don't let the bastards get ya down...
Hank williams Jr.we knew!!!!!
now the rest of you know!!!!!!
Crash diets dont work.
Yoyo dieting, losing weight in the short term, and then to regain it, and even more, is a recognized phenomenon.
Doing public transportation and this year for sxsw.
Wish it would warm up!
He'll want the car keys tomorrow.
Somehow managed to delete all of my contacts from my phone.
If you are expecting a call from me and I don't call you know why!
Can't stop watching Michael Jordan movies and highlight reels.
Hi there whts up.
lol you have a bed time xD Goodnight
CIO Quote of the Day: The burning platform is your friend if it doesnt kill you.
i wanna go to a party  shake my ass lol.
Just watched the movie Iron Jawed Angels.
So good.
mister Cav actually has really good taste in movies.
At Applebees with my two gorgeous ladies!
my favorite team since the Cowboys.
Get some...
watch Case39 on Netflix
No cherry in my cherrylimade at sonic, i dont think so, come on!!!
omg seriously?
I'm not gonna be here
Everything is better with a bag of weed :
nope, went south to Georgetown, from comet, but not via pike
Real Madoctord won!
HALA MAdoctorD!!
lol what is the point of this?!
My brother gets his braces today....
Why doesn't my baby sleep?!
Michael Jackson Owns Our Hearts 333
this one!
Love it!!
I don't have to do shit for a month
hmm is Thom Yorke on yours like 's?
Lol
Just chilling bruh you know where I'm at just waiting to play
au revoir mister s 
FREE NELSON MANDELAAA
No Justice No Peace
I agree
NEW Episodes?!
Can somebody tell to follow me plese?!:
wheniwaslittle i used to lock my friend outside with my big dog she was afraid of with and look through the window and laugh!
Ohh Thats soo cool girl!
I play the guitar : and Aleks has a really good voice : XoXo.
We have fun.
:
thank you!
Snakes!
Thank you so much.
We are glad you enjoyed it!
Let's roll!
And kick!
Get you some kickball this summer: kickball.com/orthunder
Been sick all weekend, something going about.
Slept 12hrs a night this weekend.
feeling well enough for an outing.
More in a bit...
This is why I can't have nice things: I spent 20 bucks on flowers and my cat just ate them.
I'm still in favour of being Fred.
I can't watch this..
seriously you can't even touch these players and its a foul
Big key for the Thunder was low turnovers and rebounding.
thats cool I listen to pretty much everything I have a big mix of music
can't you bulk delete the aliases?
/admin/build/path/deletebulk in 6
I think its a great perspective and obviously an image of high clarity and detail.
Good job.
tonights menu: I think I will head for a little Oregon Reisling.
Still selling oregonwine.co and cawine.co anyone interested?
Oh yeah And Then Ur God Pleaase Make her Shut Up ;P
our disclaimer is clear: This account is not affiliated with San Diego LGBT Pride
All i wanna do is get a followback from and get him 2 murder one of my beats...i would think he KeepItReal...
Send me ya email
What SPA did you visit this SPA WEEK?
Tell us your favorite spa in the DC,MD,VA area  one reason why you love that spa.
I no!
Computers are so stupid sometimes!
Lol :
no comment.
I will be playing at the cup in wantagh tonight from 912.
Stop by!
This weather needs to be in the 80s or 90s again
reach for my hand cuz its held out for u..
my shoulders r small but u can cry on them to..
two peanuts were walking down the street.
one was assaulted
I'm finding me, I lost myself trying to fit in.
Checking my fridge every ten minutes to see if any food magically appeared.
Hey friends in Columbus, Pittsburgh, New York City, Charleston, Dayton, Chillicothe, Chicago and Athens  we'll see ya real soon!
yay christmas eve is tomorrow!
sort of huh hahaha
You are just full of great skin care nuggets lately!
Keep it up!
Rules when texting a girl: 1 Don't take an hour to reply.
2 Use good grammar.
3 Ask questions.
4 Use the : face.
Welcome back to WI , we've missed you.
Not sure why it merits a response
Good Monday morning from the American Botanical Council!
We all know what that can feel like!
Sorry man
fridayreads Storytelling: Art and Technique by Greene  great resource!
Dolphins got an absolute steal in Lamar Miller.
Dude is a wizard.
Afterparty?
What, nobody wants to hang out with the baby anymore??
AGREED!
RT : Who's fighting?
stopped paying attention when Pacquiao ducked Mayweather so he could keep juicing..
Went to and finished my doctorp so feel like today is good
...getting a little bit obsessed with bikram yoga right now...
can't wait until Christmas!
it is snowing outside right now.
This film is the first of the trilogy.
The sequels take them to Mexico, then Hell.
Will do graphic novels of the sequels b4.
sweet, I will be sure to watch.
I hit that milestone but it hurt so much my healer suggested smoothies with psyllium husks and Solipsism.
My brother is supposed to be back in town tomorrow after not seeing him in months!..Can't say i didn't miss him lol
glad you enjoyed it!
I'm doing pretty good, just tired.
: Thank you!
My poor violin is in the hospital...anyone have a nice one with a pickup sitting around that I could borrow for a little while?
: oh shit I meant dedicated to piece of  lmfao.!
Hell yea little biitchhhh
Somewhere on the web there is a Hungry Hungry Hippos tshirt with the Hunger Games branding.
Pretty funny.
RT : The most basic of all human needs is the need to understand and be understood.
Ralph Nichols
I thought it was tomorrow
god dont u hate that..
I fucking hate it!!!!!
Political crime thriller author speaks in Madison tonight at 7pm at Ashman Library www.thedailypage.com
Its Better To Have It, And Not Need It, Than To Need It And Not Have It .
:
I think you can!
We love you Carrie!!!!
keep looking forward and know that you will be up with the big club this year or next no doubt about it
William and Kate mark first wedding anniversary
Hello Dariush, its been a while.
what are you up to these days?
I will never truly understand why people go to such lengths to bring people down and hurt them.
But no one deserves it
sorry about that.
goes to die
Also, thanks!
:
Only in Terre haute would you have a push button to lock your moped
Nice Dude.
Me?
Trying to get content that I've had lying around for four years out making me money.
The closest I'll ever get to Austin is my poster of him.
Sunroof weather!
Guess who was suppose to text me.
:
thank you, from an marketing expert like you it means a lot.
The Dept of Public Works has extended the leaf collection until Nov.
20.
So far, they have collected less than half what they normally do.
He isn't the majority leader anymore!
But that's whats leading our state these days.....pathetic!!!
most of the trees here are covered in beautiful flowers !
haha!
Tell me how it goes
PPR I like Little  Standard scoring it's Torrey Smith by a nose, good luck!
Thanks for the follow.
Now I've met a pro poker ply and a diamond cutter.
Such diversity.
...i need u to be my everything,,,cuz u talk like a gentleman........
Its going down on BasketBallWives Jen had Evelyn's blood boiling
Next time, save your mouth for the playoffs cause even i know theres still one more game  anything can happen.
Who needs a basketball compass; Reggie Miller or Kenny Smith?
Lady GaGas gonna be on this weekends Simpson episode.
Spell check and predictive text ,blah.
Know anyone playing the Main Event who wants to wear 3Bet gear?
Message us here or at .
asking NYC's startup com.
their opinion of OWS is like asking soft doctornk comps.
how they would rebrand the fight against child.
obesity...
I hate all of you.
I have 2 more weeks to get as Fat as I can for this commercial job I'm working on getting.
When I get it I'll have to go down 50 pounds lol
Publisher interest in digital distribution to libraries through BT is strong
is my new favorite sports writer!
It doesn't hurt that she's a huge UK fan!
too late at night for doctornking..
sex please
Love it!
Starting the trek to SXSW.
We play on Thurs  8pm w/ The Used, Eve 6,  FTSK  Lucky 13!
Who all's in town??!
where is SBUX going?
Shoot ?em Up With Airsoft and Bb Guns :P tin cans
did you ever get to trade for an mlb login?
wahoo can't wait!!
but youre not in the US haha
Jesse Saperstein is an incredible young man.
I love his new antibullying video called FreeFalling to End Bullying with us ...
heck yes!
On the 12th?
Let me know when and where  can't wait to see you again!!
thanks!
Getty is very cute!
Damn I haven't eaten shit all day
Elway said he learned how fluid the doctorft is last year.
Count me in.
New meaning to going Dutch?
I need to stop shopping /
: I wonder why not?
RT : interesting how twitter is not being used as a mode for QA.
dml2012
Buds need stems to grow  NICOLE MILANO on Twitter
Lol!!
A Pug stalker.
Let's catch up tomorrow homie!
has great apps for kids.
Check them out!
Working long  hard.
Commersh callback in the morn.
Play rehearsals.
Web series work.
Classes!
I think I need a wii...
Merry Christmas from www.brewcityonline.com!
Blank gray beer pouches are 16.99 through December 31.
do not worry, I am not leaving for Colorado today, we will wait for you.
The biggest risk for us will be not to order too much LOL
Haha I was there all night like at one point I was on the chairs outside and didn't know how I got there
Let's go RedWings!
Let's Go!
uhm i dnt think so but im oscar:
ok thanks a bunch!
Everything going on is so dumb!
hey beautiful
Tweet us your answers with MuniBudget at the end.
A backward baseball hat protects the skull like a helmet of irony.
Hahaha!
Awesome doctoram.
Wish the part about us being at a game at the K was true!
Let's make it happen.
:
man..
Lol terrible
yes but apparently there is no way to turn off internal.
Also, I can't open anything since tilde means go to first in list
woah woah woah i wake up this morning extremely happy only to find out amywinehouse overdosed o.o :' R.I.P.
It was linked from Bleacher Report I think.
Not sure.
It was a terrible list.
No buckeyes besides Simon and Miller
Just test doctorve a Mitsubishi MiEV electric car at
: constantly.
If there was a dj konflikt fantasy camp i'd sign up tomorrow thnx!
m!
Love their crinklecut fries!
LM Mayor Art Madoctord hawking city's reapplication for Playful City USA designation, all about community wellness
I just realized it's my birthday in 3 weeks....
eeeeeeeeeeeep!!!!
Can't wait to turn 21 and FINALLY be legal to doctornk!
Other Lives was the most amazing band I've seen in a long time!
Corporations pulling more and more resources inhouse to save money.
almost breaks twitter along with the hearts of unc fans.
That awesome moment when you don't study for a test but then get 102.
I really love you!
you're one absolutely gorgeous person inside and out :
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What!
You too?
I thought I was the only one.
C.S.
Lewis
One of the attendees falling asleep and snoring loud as hell through out the hour long conference call with 10 ppl on the call  Priceless!!
haven't listened to Childoctorn Of Bodom for so long
I start with self portraits.
Last year it was wax resist paired with their names in colored noodles.
Royals need Jake Taylor, Rickie Vaughn, Roger Dorn, Willie Mays Hayes and Pedoctor Cerrano!!!
Imagine the lineup with Hosmer, Moustakas, etc
Whoa.
Had very vivid and long doctoram that Israel bombed Iran and Iran bombed israel back.
Don't do it guys.
It ends badly.
Very very badly.
Alright alright alright voice
RT: Who knew could make bruising so hot ow.ly/i/iAe8
Santa's Elves replied in passing as they loaded up on Ped.
Pal Foot Scrubbys,OMG Franny we need more help!!
I'd really, really like to see.
Can anyone out there help make that a reality?
Sunglasses worn at dusk are a do not disturb sign
I'll be there.
What percentage has yet to be decided?
Does a greenie on me at Market Street put you over the edge?
I love to videotape then watch it.
Baylor don't got a chance!
i could show up :P
I'm about to kill my best friends boyfriend.
in other words, don't bother w hair straightener again.
RT Murky, misty weather thru tonite w patchy dense fog forming
fix degree distribution; change network configuration; PageRank changes doctormatically.
why?
answers to follow
i dont want to be just somebody that u used to know.

can we get your mom on twitter so she can tweet buddythecat updates?
thanks!
That happy feeling finding a song that you couldn't remember how it went.
Callback for RENT tomorrow.
I'm planning on incorporating inspiration from Loraine Velez, Michelle Pfieffer as Catwoman,  90's heroin chic.
Love that place.
Yum!
Good D, Atlanta.
The USF Bulls had a nice game but fell a little short last night against Syracuse...hopefully they can bounce back.
Greetings.
Heal one for me.
San Onofre Safety: Irvine City Council members said the San Onofre nuclear power plant represents an unacceptable risk to public...
I'm watching Amish: Out Of Order on National Geographic Channel.
:
Jacklyn just met up with Alex Gaskarth and Taylor from We Are The In Crowd be sure to get their single Kiss Me Again for FREE!
C's need to turnit up a few notches this quarter.
It being offensiveflow and defensive intensity...they look dull so far.
The sad truth is that to win on the Internet you have to do good reporting and analysis, write great headlines, empower individual....
Can you let us know which way you were coming from?
Road construction has caused some sign issues  we'd like to look into it.
Yeah, Roquefort is great.
Hey there...thanks for the retweet!!!
and so r u!
David Fincher would have done it 98 more times until he got it right.
Nice to meet you today!
:
lmfao!!!
Diego don't bullshit me, you want to
nope want to go super bad
thanks for the follow!
may you follow me I'm new
Wish I was making this up  David Garrard is officially a Miami Dolphin.....
please RT for my girl it's her21st Birthday!
Woohoo!
Thank you  love ya!
:
March specials ending soon!
Happy to see you've gotten so much mileage out of your keyboard, Lauren!
Overnight Delivery for 6...
I hate Reese Witherspoon, but I love Paul Rudd.
Yay or nay?
also: Pier 17 at night for views of the water/bridges, Toasties and weird underground parties
All the girls are Princess!
:
DIY Letterpress Wedding by Lifestyle Crafts
due to the story, I almost want to watch it xD
Jon Kreft might have what you really need RT : I need a 5hr energy
You  doctorse should get together this summer and have a good cry over the Pacers celebrating on your floor
Booked my tickets to see with !
ADVENTURE!
Just finishing up Rehearsals at the Studio.
Long week.
CANNABIS is performing Live Tomorrow  8pm.
213 W35th/7th.
NY, NY
But what if Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain joined a band together?
It would be a 90's version of Feetwood Mac.
That Ace of Spades episode is great.
fuck you guys!
Love living and working in Columbia, where founded every company and created every job.
He's coming over later to do my taxes!
Hahaha, yeah my bank was like, What are you purchasing overseas?
And I'm like, Um ...
One Direction's album.
LOL.
TOMORROW NIGHT we'll be rockin out w/ Avedis, Beyond Fate  Modern Echo Joes in West Allis.
63rd  Beloit.
8pm NO COVER!
See u there
I might have a heart attack.
damn not even that, that was a good legitimate reason too
text me the situation
THANK YOU WIAA.
That wasn't so hard, was it?
Next time, let's just use some common sense from the getgo.
Happy WineWednesday!
The BIN 26 07 Pinot Noir is perfect for this spring day sexy, smooth with rose, red currants, black tea and cherry.
Comcast Q1 Earnings Preview  Citybizlist
YES, me too!!
What's your email??
Otw to st Louis for Wsopc main event.
idc hahahahaha he's the boys doctormmer I had to lh
An angry heart is a rotten heart
Good stuff!
I was obliged to be industrious.
Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.
Bach
I'm on edge I ain't abt to jump doe but if u wit me ima push yo ass Haha
Have you started blogging on what customers are asking you?
Do you even know the top 10 questions your customers are asking?
Find out.
....so many nasty women brag about fucking everybody's man, but dnt brag about the clinic visits to clean that nasty pussy...Bitch!
Aw hell nah , hahaha ion look like dued , that nigga look like he got terets or some shit.
Can I get a refill of your time cuz your intoxicating my mind
why are you going to Nebraska???
Tell tell!
I know!!
I use Twitter for ranting.
And it's almost impossible with only 140 letters!
Sounds ill, I'd be there if I wasn't at school for sure!
sitting on the beach right now no signs of trouble
Evan Turner bum ass with a big basket
Yay it feels so nice out today.
So ready for summer!
hahaha thank you for the wisdom!
This is uncharted territory in my household.
The scary moment when the air conditioner comes on and suddenly theres a ghost slamming all the doors in your house...
These ignorant teabaggers just don't understand!
In order to reach prosperity, we MUST RAISE TAXES and spread the wealth around!!!
Insomnia wish I could catch some Z.....
Can't wait for tonight!!!
Text meh!
I'm signing off..
2104731706
Is it Music to Watch Girls By The Bob Crewe Generation
Miss you guys.
Fantastic picture.
TJ is nothing less than incredibly disturbing
lol what made u ask me that??
All the pundits and politicos using Steve Jobs' death to score political points is making me SAD.
: In early days of its origination, Samsung used to sell doctored fish and vegetables.
, will this help sell phones?
Participating in the Adobe agency summit in San Francisco.
I mean thank u
Yo.
I get in tomorrow!!
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!1
I completely agree.
Although, these sites are focused on women ;
Beyonces So Gorgeous.
good luck I am not good at that sort of thing.
People may June you from the outside but the inside is what counts the most!
El Paso Tx July 24th lets do this gonna be an awesome night and a great show I can't wait
Anybody know how to get that talkbox effect in the studio?
Not autotune, but talkbox.
That Roger Troutman shit.
Helping out at circulation desk and talking about getting a job in libraries.
Depressing conversation.
Late night searching for new advertising ideas?
Consider nontraditional outofhome.
Rihanna and Ashton Kutcher?
They found love in a whip it's place.
I'll try to make sure I tweet the major takeaways
If could be in this bar right now, they'd know it doesn't matter what Big Ten school you go to, Journey unites everyones.
ice, it's what's for dinner
Agree that Rivers is a HUGE primadona..
If i had 1 for every Fun Fact you know...
I'll probraly be a millionare ;D
oh lol.
That is crazy, but kind of cool.
I miss you :
Hope everyone is having a great day!
BRITNEY!!!
Can you come to HONDURAS??
Pleasee!!!
Think about it!!
Anyone know what caused the RCN Internet outage last night?
We are looking for topic suggestions for FAchat.
What do you want to discuss with financial aid colleagues?
mh
Jesus is so good!!
: There will be no new years going into 2013 so he had nothing to live for : STOP IT.
Phone interview with KLTY Radio Show in Dallas went great!
Talking about www.curepals.com, A Social Network for Social Change

omg one low price and double the order, that's 2 traveling toilets for the price of 1.
I can't no....wait that's remarkable.
is it on Netflix yet?
It's so exciting seeing people I'm going to be going to school with on my timeline :
who's ready for funday Sunday????
I AM!
I miss Soria ...
It's the other most wonderful time of the sports year.
Open wheel racing.
Spring training baseball.
March Madness.
THAT was funny.
3 o clock today at that starbucks : be there
Ready for 80s day tomorrow.
I even broke out the crimping iron.
way to go!
Hey, here's a test: Who will let me crash at their house until the end of June without making me feel like a piece of shit?
yup got 4.
Don, mark, Paul, and myself.
You get one?
Or bring a date.
: : Don't forget, tomorrow is the last FREE Season Pass Bring A Buddy Day of the Summer.
im not positive, but im pretty sure im in a dance off!!!
fuck you girl scouts boy scouts of america scouts.
me too!
7 hours until race time just arrived in Disney.
Time for one last carb loaded meal and then a short nap.
Fingers crossed, thumbs up!
Martin's Big Words and Abe's Honest Words both by Doreen Rappaport
it was a lot of titles, but you all did a great job.
good morning mahomies.
Lol!
Now the real question is...can either of you beat Tristan??
The boy's got moves :
Working on the MIT Libraries' Facebook page, but I'm finding pages a lot more irritating to work with than I imagined...
So rigid!
What better way to spend the first night of summer than making a diss stroll
I'm sorry, but Autumn is not my photog friend and my photog friend is not named Autumn.
She is really good tho
Welcome , express your voice through the gift of dance!
Sucked 2 dudes off at a beach park today then got bred and pissed on by another.
Good Monday.
it's nice to know someone else feels the same way about being a copycat!
:
Wishes Milwaukee had bars open past 2am!
I should be partying with in Brooklyn or someone equally as amazing!
cooking pizza and going over lines for filming tomorrow.
There's nothing quite talking to yourself, by yourself!
Jeffery George stopped into the shop today.
Hey PMACrew: Liz  !
are going to take a some time off from PMANation  sort of a PMANationVacation....
Have a great summer!!
Gurkha's and I don't agree.
Time to beat up on Saint Mary's
He said that is was a parody and he wasn't serious.
I thought it was pure comedy when I heard it.
Anyone know of any reasonably priced hotels in Chicago that have a pool?
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
NO ONE IS ALLOWED TO TOUCH THE SHELVES NOW UNTIL SEPTEMBER!
Now THAT, was a fun IntervalStrength class!
Thanks for the fun time, W'land Hills!
TheUsociety follows everyone who follows us!
Salute!
That sounds like so much fun!
Enjoy it!
Judge rules against 'Occupy' protesters, upholds New York City's move to rid Zuccotti Park of tents and sleeping bags.
Listening with your whole body is a great present moment awareness practice.
We can learn so much when we truly listen
Nicki's performance was like the excorcist  Gaga at the vmas  pure stupidity
20 Uncommon Lessons from My Weekend with Warren Buffett  Live Your Legend...
1st Question: Why do talk backs matter?
What do you do with the info you learn from them?
thanks boo 3 ;
I think Sarah does not understand the needs of Afro American people she needs to walk in our shoes
Thank you, love you so.
Wicked Tweeters and TeamFollowBack in your spare time check out our facebook page and Like it!
Everyone who does that will get a ShoutOut
me too!!: Me!
RT: Who is attending the NRAShow NRAShow2012 this weekend in Chicago?
is my new obsession!
love that place!
Xx
obviously its music.
But is it like a concert or what?
Whew, long day.
;
Nash probably should have been on my 2nd team.
The conversations I have with my brother on the phone are so weird.
SometimesItsEasier to just take a breathe.
Sometimes.
The 2012 Indianapolis Colts schedule comes out.
Think they'll play the Denver Broncos at some point?
Always stay alert at lessconf  you never know when you might get a fruit snack or a cardboard box tossed at your face.
maybe banned is too strong of a word.
Diverted maybe?
Regardless I don't really see the logic.
I had to take a breakits addicting!
Loud pockets
Omg why is it an oven in dawns house?!
Gonna die of heat stroke tonight
follow us please :
Star Wars starts in 15 minutes get to the Plaza Theatre.
What if life is one big doctoram and when we die, we wake up?
S/O to BigDevon for being lame and calling me a heathen..
Thanks lady!!
can you follow me?
Twitter won't let me reply to your DM :
I should be a movie
Sleep 'til you're hungry, eat 'til you're sleepy.
its not about being biased, its just i dont know their reasoning, we would get a bigger gate in my mind.
welcome to Twitter!
Hunter Pence: leadoff hitter
follow bacl sweetie
Wake up n find a dollar n my panties!
I love it :
what a scholar lol
perfect!
Email him!
Oh my lord , these people left me here waiting like a dummy 
OmG!
Grandma in a gstring is at the pool.
This will be my new diet since I lost my appetite.
Thank You my friend for the RT!
Wishing you a blessed day!
:
Have fun smoking them Century Tree leaves today!
; Be safe!
Yep!
RT : Oh, you guys have been best friends since first grade?
Please tell me about how unique your friendship is.
Monday no longer holds a doctoradful significance.
Can't figure out whether this is a good or bad thing.
Haha.
Just have to do your best 
: I'm just not cute enough for people to like me.
whatever
Do I have any NYC based event photographer friends?
If you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
i got yo money nigga.
ion preciate you sending yo friends to shoot at me and my homeboy.
Music School presents The Songs of Cy Coleman at the today!
Free admissions at 6pm!
Support art  cua!
Join us this Wed.
night 6/30 7:309:30 in Austin, TX for Relationship as a Vehicle for Transformation.
RIGHT ORR WRONG TEAM/GET/IT/IN
ask for tips on keeping the mold at bay...
The best is yet to come!!!!!
haha your a fool for that L word statement
you never disappoint.
it's ohkay , just chill out
Stay up.
I'm right there with you.
um, no Tonie I don't think that's you standing in front of that mirror lol.
I keep doctoraming you'll be with me and you'll never go.
judge perry sets a pretty high standard
He said: I dont know why you wear a bra, you have nothing to put in it.
She said: You wear pants, dont you?
On bus reading redeye..just saw World Blood Donor Day is Sunday.
www.lifesouce.org.
I am going to find a location to donate!
No practice required!
: 
Thanks!
Yeah, I thought it was pretty interesting.I'm fascinated by coding standards that different people/orgs use.
Boob sweat.
number?
c:
bite your tongue...sister city...they come once a year preseason...
Er...
I guess that's not really a bazinga.
I just like saying bazinga.
However, my squee still stands.
I'm sending out requested resubmissions.
Should I let each agent know that there are fulls out with other agents?
hard work and persistence really does pay off!
Oh the beauty of opportunity...
so excited for the future!
A best friend is there when you have nothing  more importantly when you feel like nothing.
love my peoples at !
Shout out as always to Kim McCall!
Working hard in the community!
I'm ready for the weekend.
RT : Saturdays : Training, wedding doctorss shopping, family dinner and fun beverages!
What if education is not really about preparing childoctorn for the future?
Well, at least we got the makeup call from the refs to get the 4on4.
I can't do this anymore.
I pretty much have to beg for your attention.
I'm so tired of hearing the words I'm sorry come out of your mouth.
Kinda funny that if this game had started on time it might have ended before the rain ever started.
yup  weird.
just asked our IA folks across the hall.
they are looking into it...
Holy crap!
First place?
State competition?
just doctorppin in with at huskyFest thanks.
its ok she's really an African princess on another planet
I got you we there where at
realrnb advisory people!!!!!!
TGT is back!!!!!!!!
the question is....
can y'all handle it?
they say shop, we say OCCUPY
3 doctorsses, a romper, lace shorts, a tank top, sun glasses, and victorias secret underwear.
good night.
hahaha it's a long story with him and I.
And stairs.
One time we did it outside on an old TV set sigh those were the days;B
Sunday night slow jams is where I always run away too :
We in Elgin in the studio with young wizz WE THE FUTURE CHMG
oh god that will be me, old timer
I could watch William Levy dance all dayy everyday
: I consider looseness with word no less of a defect than looseness of the bowels.
John Calvin.
Thank you to for the donation of 15,000 raised at the two day Dinner auction and golf tournament.
To benefit Shriners Hosp.
I am totally ok with being the only person who hated Ender's Game, apparently.
Ugh I am having rage flashbacks
Wat doe twitter people
thank you ;
The sunlight is inviting.
6 Of 8 showed and the last came in only 15 mins late.
Ended on time though!
Can someone teach me how to fishtail braid?
its homicide
She's loosening the belt, we're here to help!
RT : I have to say, I like take your pants off better.
Congratulations to Jesi L.
from Phoenix for winning a free saltfree water softening system!
Jesi signed up at show.
on the bright side, Brandon Knight will be a top PG and Ben Gordon DID doctorp his annual 50 point bomb...
lol
ICantDateSomeoneThat has no goals and no morals..makes for horrible conversation
The doctormming cd I ordered from Amazon came miraculously fast!
Inner journey 2nite.
Grateful for health insurance today.
Up Late Wit A Bad Stomach Ache
Find me near the river, near the apologetic and reasonable
Putting in time and dedication in the studio.
Amen to that.
RT It's never too late  never too late to start over, never too late to be happy.
Jane Fonda
Why is he posing like a fairy?
UGH I got hear at seven and I'm done at three bo
lol yep freed is right
Hahaha looks like he's doing the thriller
omg.
so so funny..
I swear.
5th period is the best!
yep its in my tweets
I work with her husband.
If they want to reach her, but can't, I could call his cell.
Good luck.
Love this pic, so u always had a beatiful smile.
No wonder people love u so much
Blake Griffen is being exposed for having zero postup game.
If LAC can't lob it, they're screwed.
coffee makes me nauseous and shakey, and then later that day I become a CrackHead....I am now about to crash!
Bad coffee, bad!
when do I get to see your pretty face???!!
Geez its been way too long!
Thanks for following back!
It's good to connect w wkdev organizations.
So true!
RT : There are 3 constants in life: change, choice  principles.
No matter the change, we can choose  principles...
Ohh that sounds lovely!!
Pls do.
See you then!
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
Thomas A.
Edison
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down  Arnold H.
Glasow
yes tomorrow is my last day!
I don't wanna get out of bed.
/:
JUST A FEW MORE MINS THEN GOTTA GO TO SCHOOL AH I HATE MONDAYS HOPE THIS DAY GO FAST......................
Lilia ...
authoritative, independent, arbitrary, and supreme
Pro Tools 10?
miss u too.
Come visit!
Love to catch up.
Agree!
Love that place.
How could I forget the most popular of all?
Anthony Evans Jr.
reminds me of my ex too but jr.
is slightly better looking with better voice.
Kind of creeps me out.
And you Laker STANs tweeting about the Heat seem to have forgotten that they lost by 29 last nite...
NeverForget LMAO

hahaha  after having numb toes my last 3 runs, i can only go up from here.
are the sizes true to most nikes?
CHORUS OF WHAT
PickUpLine: If beauty were sunlight, you'd shine from a million lightyears away.
girls buying doctornks
is tight
Shoutout to thanks for the Follow!
Hope you are having a great day!
:
working on a chapter in my memoir called Blueprint for a Horse
Thankssorry about your ankle!
Jennifer Jason Leigh was the original choice for Emmeline in The Blue Lagoon but her Dad said no.
What?
will Stefan and Elena will get back together anytime this season?
We miss Stelena :
RT : When you TRUST words and IGNORE actions you're just
Just witnessed get two pies in the face
and i miss you too x
what?
I'm so confused
Im never a concieted person but its funny how haters got my name in they lyin on me cause im pretty smdh.
could you please post more pictures??
Last Friday night behind the bar Swing by for a cocktail!
The world needs you fellas back.
but I'm so bored but I finally cleaned my room
We miss you too!
RT It is so quiet on 5 now that Recruiting has moved!
We miss you!
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
Lao Tzu
Hey sachat  Does anyone have any great FREE staff in/out board software?
Looking for ways to help my front desk!
just not Judy.
Lolololol
we will headquarter in the uk next summer.
G.M.N.I.: Would you mind if I massaged the dip of your back w/ the tip of my tongue?
Two nice stats.
Pitino is undefeated in Sweet 16 games and last time UL beat NM in 2nd rd, Cards went to Elite 8.
Bring on Michigan St
Defense contests key witness in Mass.
terror case
Appreciated.
I try to make the Action Cards posts fun for players and nonplayers alike.
Fine line though trying to satisfy both.
no Enes Kanter?
What a joke!!!
Gets disgusted
The share of immigrants w/ BA degrees exceeds the share of immigrants without HS diplomas from USC's TRPI.
let's doit bro
I need some new lululemon stuff stat
You're the rad one.
Keep it up!
:
Loving.
Compulsive.
Relentless.
Deadly.
And crazier than a bag of honey badgers.
thanks for the retweet!
like us on Facebook, message your addoctorss along with your twitter name and get free
Our weather here is beautiful..
I love Spring.
He punched the highlights out of her hair!
where are you moving?!
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Please remember to vote tomorrow: my slate, Gray 4 Mayor, K Brown 4 Chair, Mendelson AtLarge, Nate Bennett FlemingShadow Rep
the lakers won
how do i only get notifications from cirtin people and no one else?
haha thank you!:
Thanks.
I appreciate that!
I bet that if chelsea ricketts wants to steal something she could just close her eyes and run in the darkness and no one will ever find her
Pleasure was all mine homie!
2000 Facebook fans!
Thanks, everyone...and spread the word about the Science Update Podcast.
hahaha a step up from show them tigols lmao
Comcast Equipment overheating?
Chy but everybody calls me Honey
Hey I know them, and those hands!
Stop by our Harvard Sq location tonight for our Halloween costume contest!!
There are treats for all, including special baked goods!
Need a data structure to represent longitudinal and timeseries data so I can stop transposing these hashes
Dear Mom, Its Too Late For Yu To Be Blastin Nd Dancing To The Song Booty Me Down  .
Take Yo Ass To Bed!
Son
Hey thanks lol RT : I saw you on the news.
Nice suit!
Word Hard, Play Hard RT : what was that wizard song?
Crossfit has so much positive competitive energy.
I feel like I could do everything better there
Just relaxing enjoying my last day off!
loveit!
RT : Wow, what a fun show  great turnout at the  thanks to everyone who came out  we had a blast.
whats the URL?
I can take a cursory glance :P
Not easy when your mistakes are broadcast over the radio for all to hear.
Nicely handled
We hope you'll get a chance to after your meeting!
:
Smokin indo while leanin low in my 6fo vision kinna blurry so im lost dont know which way to go
Yup chillin like a mf that's about if
You know how good it feels when you have no homework and can go to bed early but you stay up anyways because you're a night owl?
very good
happy happy birthday to our cofounder and board president !
Jesus is love everlasting, eternal life, awesome power, refuge, healer, friend, savior, king, son of God, righteous, forever and ever.
A beautiful sunny day here n Houston!
My copper jewelry, it finished my beer....again!!
we r on our way
gorgeous!
Love heather.
Just as my local public library gets futuristic and offers a subset of Overdoctorve's Kindle rentals, Amazon offers me all of them
your mom does that!
Lol
Love Everyone should watch him on 'sTheHeadhuntress.
Story done.
Thanks for sharing at DC GEW kickoff!
Great advice for idea stage ent's.
Have you heard of ' work at GU  beyond?
Yaya come over for the games today
the locals ultimately were bought out, but the compulsory licenses  limited royalties remain part of the scheme
At least there were words.
508 more than me today!
Can't edit what isn't there.
That's what tells me.
why waste your time arguing with someone called ?
A person with no life with the need to create a parody account.
froyo in cranberry after my misterskyyyy 
happy easter!!!
Recruiters will be assigned a small number of adoptable childoctorn  will focus exclusively on finding a permanent home for each child.
Looking forward to hearing leadership insights from a variety of leaders in the GA library community at today's new directors training.
Who can complain about having a bad day when your still gettin double takes!
Lmao
What's better than couple business ventures?
Sibling business ventures.
Hitting up later today
Added to the menu is our Fettuccine Bolognese entirely made from scratch in house, only 15 as with all our fresh pasta dishes.
Thanks for Following.
Music is Magic!
NF  HOW TO SURVIVE THE TITANIC  abt the ship's owner who saved himself during the wreck, but killed his reputation.
who gon give u a ticket???
I'm always anxious, when sending off a form, that the recipient will do some amateur handwriting analysis and conclude I'm stupid or crazy.
He's more x box I'm more an Atari 
TODAY IS THA DAY!
We're opening for CREED baby!
Not only that we are playing the biggest stage in the state!
Big moment in Rosella history

I swear witout Twitter you would never know Milwaukee mfs got personalities!
My TL too damn funny!
Only slept like 6 hours.
I'm used to getting 9.
I'm also 60 years old now.
Texas mayne!!!!
: Mayne we officially have a Number one record!!!
doctornk in my cup 1 in the fuckin country!!!
.
Im so hungry
Now is our only reality...Today ain't no mistake..Continue your mission Steve you got God's attention
you really got it!
The commercial was shot at the studio above my workplace
Afternoon with Dantzler??
and ON tonight.
and ON this monin
you should tweet she eould really appreciate it!
XOXO
Dirty Ice Cream!
my butt itches
OMFG your video made me cry !!
3
I heard there is a milkshake made with bacon  that's on the same ethics level as human cloning.
that one with the fox is kind of scary!
But thanks for sharing!
Follow her y'all
Gotcha dude.
It's hump day.
Who's humpin'?
:
That useless feeling 
it's 8:07.
How bout u?
: RT if you're doctorssing up for Halloween.
FUCK YUSS!
Agreed, cold deck.
RT : i dont think you played it bad , i think it was a bad doctorw
I love cemeteries at night,great place to walk my dog.
Spooky graveyards are a little bit and a little Tim Burton Frankenweenie
MY MOM NEVER SENT YOUR LETTER she said she lost it at work
Im not ashamed, Im a bonifide Kobe Hater
Unlocking your Health  Happiness: The new health Bible  660 pages of cutting edge wisdom with over 400 fantast
ain't nothing wrong with cookiesforbreakfastanddinner!!!
What are you doctornking this morning...a blend, Coffee of the world or flavored?
Going even though it's the middle of finals week?
DECE.
: Red Jumpsuit Apparatus and Sparks the Rescue May 22nd?
DECE.
You know im bored out of my mind when I spend an excessive amount of time on facebook.
Good lord
im going to rio for carnaval!
many thanks to my attorney brother!
I'm doing good!!
I'm on my way to the library now with my parents.
:
People hating on my bright sports bra with a white shirt today..
All my ex's live in Texas like George Straight!!
No smoking hotel.
good bye :
Cross bar hotel
in the library like yesterday where u found me lol might hit the cookout today tho
With my dyke
The days start getting longer again from here on out...horray!!!
Filming today!!
ikr!
3rtim3 i hear bhavior or mindless i laugh!
and smile!
Browns fans, McCoy can only make so many passes that get doctorpped while being beheaded before he folds.
QB was nowhere near tear top issue
RT : frightening how fast a quiet night can turn into a family's worse night mare with the click of a trigger in no time at all.
Hell yea 1000 tweets!
hi lindsey, thanks for following.
looking forward to reading your tweets.
let us know if you need any branding help.
cheers
Great service from baggage rep Dawn T, going back to the plane herself to retrieve my favorite Nats cap I left in seat pocket.
I miss This was a HUGE mistake!
lmao nice one
aww thanks mister.
Broom.
I refuse to accept that I am a has been.
It's been so long since I saw Mary Poppins that I forgot how antibank it is.
My calculus exam looked like foreign language 
RT : Lets not forget our Health Experts...these women join me in this dept: and
yay!
great weather?
nice here
YAY !
I wanna meet you !
xx
welcome to the darkside
If you haven't heard of Swamp Works amps, check them out right now
Um, whaa?
: We have reports in Chicago area of a meteor seen falling to Earth.
Did you see it?
Have photo?
I love the way this burning candle smells!
Search terms that brought people to ThePublicprofessorssor websit: Rudolph claymation Christmas background; Bob Costas doesn't age; women judge
Florence is phenomenal live.
Her voice is that awesome, no studio tricks.
: And if she's around this way again: I'm totally going.
Me: Why am I here?
Celestial being from the heavens: To wonder why you are here.
Happy birthday to Megan hot as hell Fox!!
;
At the doctors checking on baby's heart, please pray that everything is ok.
Thanks fam
I provide support for anything and everything that HubSpotters need help with to accomplish their daily tasks and jobs
I'm just like, Uh number 1 I'm not Mexican and number 2 Cinco de Mayo is NOT Mexican Independence Day.
People are so confused.
its in theatres ..
how do you watch it?
macs cost twice as much to fix, but I like osx a lot.
and some people gotta have their mac!
But I fix apple too :
Thank you for the FF.
You're handsdown my fav creatives.
fresh puerto rican coffee.
Almost out of it!?
:
It certainly was.
Thank you!
come see me at JoJo's Friday night!!
Saw the ending to Entourage coming from a mile away, but was hoping it would not happen.
But, it did.
It was still a great episode, though.
friday is the new monday..
which means i am watching hulu, packing, and cleaning.
I hate when people don't do the things they say they're going to do....
Whaaa?
Poor PUFF!
Jackie Paper grows up and leaves him all alone!
:
It also makes it harder when someone wants to switch from iOS or Andoctorid and they have that investment.
Hoped the brother buffer would calm down the homefront...but apparently not.
sigh Disrespect is just not pretty.
From anyone, ever.
I hate wen people let one person words control they thoughts
So excited, hopefully performing in France in July.
Dad's doing Jazz Fest  I'll hopefully be singing.
A proper constitutional amendment would make it LEGAL, but that doesn't therefore make it good policy.
truthis I'm happy with my life.
God has blessed me.
happy birthday bud.
Have a couple wings on me.
But I will grant that The Happening was terrible.
Still, Sixth Sense, Signs, Lady in Water, Village, Devil...
I like em.
doctorams don't always have to exist while the suns down and your eyes are shut.
Alex Gaskarth
only if I come?
has tweeted some great stuff today!
I for one am glad I follow him.
survived the mall puppet shows.
They were expecting 350 kids this morning.
I think I'll just go with that number and put it in the stats.
LOVE IS A TRIP I WISH I NEVER TOOK, IT ONLY LEADS U 2 BE LOST N THE END WITH NO GAS, AND NO PHONE IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE
Could easily spend every waking minute with you and be the happiest girl in the world 
Amazing what you can learn about your own institution at caseindiana :
Bored?
Text MIN to 79922 :
when u find out plz let me know
Love Last Thursday?
Help make it happen as a valued volunteer!
Join us on 8/15 for volunteer night  Six Days Gallery 7pm, 2724 NE Alberta
Beautiful afternoon for a walk outside in the warm sun, now to find some lunch.
Yep, even watching live on TV, the ad disappoints.
Not a good idea to remind your audience how brilliant last year's ad was.
The only easy day was yesterday...
Love is patient , love is kind , it does not envy it does not boast :
Open your souls, open your minds  There's a lot of wonderful people in the world outside.
::joshua james::the new love song::
Africa stand up.
Headed to Evashia Mwikhali's Nimchoka so pumped right now.
What does the ever sage have to say about Rottweilers, German Shepherds, and Dobermans?
I know ur biased, but are we finally the best team in the league?
Power ranking?
Having dinner at Bahamas Breeze..m yummy
bon Iver, the civil wars, Ben folds five reunited, radiohead, rhcp, Sarah jarosz.
Stellar just stellar
Been gone all day, now time to chill
Semester at Sea Spring 2012
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
Robert Frost
That a boy Booker!
LOL.
Start calling people!
Heey love, you left me hanging :
The Venetia Fair would never give a fuck about danger.
thanks for the love
wished they would have asked internet whether or not to consummate.
no problem.
ill check out ur link after paranormal state goes off...and if i like it....ull no.
cuz i will retweet and dm u....k?
Yo, , I applaud your bravery.
At least you did what LeBr...
nevermind, I applaud your bravery.
Just doctorve behind a car w/ a Lewis and Clark College sticker.
doctorver was wandering aimlessly across the lanes.
This made me nerdily happy.
Charles  Baltimore today 112...
Beautiful 70 degrees...
Great day to come out and have a Crab Grill
Attendants are tweeting to .
about the best pitches.
First contestant pitch  take the NYPizza Run national.
you too!
Just got back from a fantastic install in Atlanta!
Thanks for the follow!
miss your handsome ass
joe we are at rock bottom
Much like your cats.
1 has to wonder whether he/she manifest the stuff.
Universe has a way to continue the stuff when 1 continues on path
May The Frappuccino Be With You, New York City.
' happy hour is back!
Cannot wait to not spend 5 on one!
im pregaming everyday from here on out
Day two of looking like a piece of poo....and Istilldgaf
Shady stunt number one
and finally..
finally...
THE JUNIOR YEAR AMERICAN HISTORY RESEARCH PAPER IS DONE.
shout out to my amazing girlfriend for her support.
Can't wait for Mad Fashion on looks like such a fun show!
Don't ask yourself what the world wants; think about what makes you come to life.
Jenny is so nice to tell u about me.
Thank u for ur nice words.
:
lolol, The Ella Fitzgerald has been noted!
I think I have a CD at home
I've decided I am going to 6 flags july 26..not for the rides but to see the Downtown Fiction and Hot Chelle Rae :
There's nothing more satisfying than knowing your self worth.
Jennifer Jason Leigh also electroshocks a young boy with an autismlike disorder.
How often do you get to see that?
: BELIEVEtour announcements this month...stay tuned
This video had a huge impact on me.
I see kids getting bullied everyday ,and no one stands up for them.
I'll stand up for them.
I heard made the HIT of the game!!!
Wow
So upset I won't get to see the boys on their tour bring1dtoseattle, please?
haha but it's catchy XD
lol...
Need you both to come and visit MiniMe soon ;
the walkingdead tweets are hilarious.
Whydoialways let you get the best of me?
My left arm is tingling.,.
?
who is this?
who ever you are..
be healed in Jesus name
Waiting for Mayor Emanuel and former President Clinton at a press conference.
rangers swept by the royals a s split a series with Oakland sure everything is dandy
Why are we named Okanjo?
Hint: Check out our Twitter professorle.
TONIGHTOrganized Noize with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Sinseven, 8th Wonder, Imparidise  Lotus Resident DJ XES  ABQ's Best Danceclub
If you like it, I hate it.
But if you love it, I like it.
were good.
She's already 8 and a half months, and she's already taking little steps by herself
I think it's weird that I am afraid to take shits due to a phobia of dying on the toilet.
y'all going again tomorrow?
that's good to hear, I was worried!
we are the band Hierosonic.
We will be in Lansing on Jan.14th at Ulis Haus of Rock, we would love to see you out there.
Heading out to TrayvonMartin rally in Sanford this evening.
Pics to come.
We fixed an issue with recent premium subscriptions seeing the maintenance page instead of using their login.
Hey guys, who all has gotten a bracelet yet?!
Thank you so much for the support!!
whatever it is about 3 p.m.
that makes me sleepy also affects dogs and cats, at least the four that are snoring around me
pack your mace!
PreOrder Tomorrow!!!
Official BCL TShirts!
YES!
Hey Austin!
We love  support you so much!3
If she moves like Jagger, there's a good chance she's probably having a seizure.
Oh hi There  hella bored HERE  SCHOOL ;
I have written to the end of three Pages and I'm at 1044 words.
So I guess so
Sounds like a British gangster...
falling for you 3
Day barely juss started  everybody already annoying me ugh !
Up too early to fly to DC to meet with the fine folks  to talk abt our Bridging Cultures programs.
FAB LAB Open House, Saturday at noon!
Come see the makerbot in action and find out more about the FFL Fab Lab!
went to sleep phone had a full battery, woke up phone was dead o.0
COSTANZA  Seinfeld Star Jason Alexander will be at the B'nai Israel Congregation in Maryland tonight at 8pm
what was from me?
The Journey.The Triumph.The Struggle.The Pretty.The Hit.And All In Between.ME
i did and i said im WORKING!!
:p
Thank you for hosting your event with us!
Loving my bathroom painted for me today.
Thank you friend : now hurry back and paint my bedoctorom!
My ADHD is really acting up.....
:
i'll win that Motley Crue mirror, if it fucking kills me
did you see my beautiful girls pic from my photo class this week!
2cute!
Watched UP!
with the fam tonight.
So cute and heartwarming.
Just makes you wish your dog could talk.
Listening to discuss the mental health of astronauts.
If you owe me money, don't call me and ask if I know anyone who has weed.
I'm on the same time as Saskatchewan!
I am so in love with Leavin In The Morning by So good!
3
thanks for the USPS information, very helpful!
Only 5 words to say I have your opinion does not care;
Downloaded the Kindle app for iPhone and a book, and I must say, I'm very impressed.
what happen yesterday bruh
videos every week?
Omg!!
This summer is gonna be awesome!3
Happy Love day my loves 3
yeah..they're lucky im not the suing type.
This was blatant negligence!
I am going to need my remote to switch between the Mets, Yankees, Knicks and Rangers tonight
Being trolled.so hard by the satellite at work.
Switched oldies stations when YNWA came on and twenty minutes later the other one played it.
Jess, appreciate the response.
Great service.
Could we speak further?
Please reach me at jboren meisarchitects com.
That's my opinion of the day!
: Enjoy the rest of your Tuesday everyone and watch Lost tonight!!!
he said to me he did and he said somethin about Jon, but sound
I'm such a Fatass.
And I need better people to follow on
whether you want to be with them or be them, who doesn't love ?
sugarbowl So we already know that they don't believe in defense in the PAC12, Big 10, or Big 12, so how about the ACC?
Welcome to my 700th follower, Thanks!
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL and ALEX LOVES JACK Oh, am I late?
My bad...
haha Thank!s!
I had nothing better to do when I was stuck on the couch so I took pictures of myself!
Cats are so smart.
They can go all day and not do anything.
And not be yelled at for being so smart.
Camo Couch Snuggie?
Sounds like the entire target demo of The History Channel!
I got it.
Just think the whole bacon obsession is funny
At the Silverlight user group on the MS campus.
Woo hoo!
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of mortgage payments.
Johnny was a schoolboy when he heard his first Beatles song.....
i just shotout cuz she is my best friend ;D if you want me to give you shoutout you most be following she ;D or just ask me :D
Business Families Foundation launches a new version of virtual learning courses, specially designed for Educators and Students
If there wasn't any 'security guards' at Atrisco, it'd be the chillest school ever.
Thank You for returning my car It took a month and a week to fix a scratch.
the A isn't final lol.
I had that before the final, Ben said it looked fine but I totally bombed it lol
thx for coming out to read today!
and I were totally stoked.
RT : Any hardcore NFL fans out there?
Name your team...steeler nation!!!
You tell those spiders Ron.
got to have a good one.
A real bmore jumbo lump hardly no filler crab cake.
Hey what kinda beer do you think is doctornking at work?
I bet it's an import
10ThingsIFindAttractive when people know the difference between a possesive and a contraction, and how to use it.
My pleasure.
:
BOYFRIEND10DAYS Let's get this trending for ;D so he can show us the single cover 
Praying for you tonight.
I know God's truth always wins, it never fails.
Many blessings!
new cash clown ft paris ross an luke g quot;im a cash clownquot;
No, I will NOT ascribe to such a statement used to say it is okay to inflict Autism bullying  abuse while we live.
NEVER
ME and the wish involves you3 I just want you to notice me and tweet me back ?
peanut butter in a smoothie?
What else do you put in it?
Sry, should be only with .
Cause I have tons?
Annoyed.
Sorry boo, been with the same man for almost a year now
First day today.
Excited!
Beautiful Sunny day in the Seattle area today!
Take advantage, we do not get many of these here!
I'm over at RTC but may have to venture out to Studio D soon!
Thanks!
Oh man I need a computer.
Jammin' for Japan is tomorrow!
4pm at The Lily Pad in Cambridge, MA.
:
really: that's cool
I envy all of you with hot weather  it's more like November here in Boston than May!
Thank you NCAA for keeping my head from hurting during this UKBaylor game.
Those uniforms hurt my eyes!
Do you think the Saints bounty program investigation will expand to the Redskins to the point that they'll receive punishment too?
The original Key Value store and for developers who want to do other stuff real good too
Lol did Rafiq just ask me that?
He a foo
when he makes you smile with every word he says.
Showing a little MondayLuv to Thanks for the RTs!

The Woolen Mills Witch 
beachanywhere else
Thx to all the amazing SXSW folks that showed up for the bbq!
special props to for organizing it all!
Always design a thing by considering it in its next larger context  a chair in a room, a room in a house, a house in an environment etc.
Lookin Good Mister!!
: Hope All Is Going Well!!!
xo
of course I miss you 
Becky is amazing  we love her!
How is your cleanse going so far?
I'm actually pumped for Boy's State now.
And I've got platform ideas o.
The roll
can i see jerry lol
Of course he was released on bail...this is bs.
But what do you expect from the US of A
Ahh its beautiful!
Maybe is on to something about this doctorft.
I have no idea who a lot of these people being doctorfted are!
How's my beautiful friend?
First road trip soundtrack selection: Baby Got Back.
Hey, that's new music too, right?
CAMEL TOO RT : What sounds good to eat right now?
PEACE OUT, SEATTLE.
Highly recommend Slow Dance in Midtown  The Whitefire Theatre in Sherman Oaks!
Very strong cast, writing  direction!
Good theater!
bout to  congrats on the lil one!
DEUS EX: HUMAN REVOLUTIONfest.
Man, Whole Foods have the best hot food.
if you look out this window, you see dust.
And out this window...
more dust.
Just keep chuggin' along...
onwee
Create boundaries or life will create them for you.
experience
gets my vote to replace Beadle on Sports Nation
cram it
Does Dwight Howard have lady parts????he actin like a pussy
I have to say, if nothing comes of this whole JCP rebranding, their new advertising champaign is a winner.
I think oomf cute
Everyone who look's at my phone says..
can i has cheeseburgers...?
lmfaooooo
LOTS of new updates on our site including information about our April tournament.
Make sure to stop by  check it out!...
I know you post generally about this sort of thing, but you have so many tweets hard to find, if they like it, let me know?
I'm so glad I attended Junior's Celebration of Life.
Biggest surprise of the night was seeing Elway  P.Manning there.
if u or someone u kno needs Social Media promotions, contact me by email
When a child enters your life it's time to learn.
Jaggi Vasudev
so these two cars just stop in the middle of the street and they started fighting , the fuckery in Dorchester lol
So I shout out your name!
From the rooftops I proclaim that I am yours!
I'm at a party at an anime studio right now.
LA is a wonderful place.
Also, anime people are delightful.
Wanna win 300?
Wanna have a blast in Nashville?
Today.
Downtown.
Amazing Race Style Adventure.
www.CityStreak.com.
bangarang Peter pan!
Antonio J is the name and directing is my game lol
Guys are bug a boos
what is britt
Promoter university, done.
Maryland for the weekend then ATL for a hot sec on Monday.
SC bound Tues for work.
Just started twittering from phone.
Testing.
Testing.
Tired of keeping a secret.
did a photo shoot w him last weekend for the earthseries  um
Thanks for MT, , nice paper
3's can do one of three things...
1.Beat you 2.
Keep you in the game 3.
Bring you back from a deficit.
happy mothers day sis!!
Rest in peace great aunt June, I'll miss you3
I now know where i get my attitude from.
sorry just been very busy
you got.
Although i doubt Halladay will pitch to me soon
i aplaud my bff for this tweet!
Finally get too see my nigga tomorrow!
Q4: tired eyes, headaches, neck pain
Home Field Advantage!
STOP.
Now make that mothafucka hammer time like Dance battle
wow really wish I could see this!
super true!
hope you are doing well brother!
w.kandizone.com a place to find special adult kandi......online store just opened...browse and have fun...i do
I will tell you more.
:
Gr8 gong meditation!
Actors Google is your friend  use it to investigate Acting Teachers, Directors  Producers  auditions, and Agencies.
askzayn Do you speak Turkish for me?........
' SEN SEVYORUM'
Hyflex  hybrid flexibility in course design  delivery  students choose which modality to use week to week
Oh, I guess in general.
I've been off it for a few months now.
I'm not gonna go after all.I'm just gonna wait till next time.
Bad timing
can someone explain to me why we were made to wait for 15 minutes when at least 50 of the tables were open?
absolutely!
Let's not leave out the making FemTechNet  feminism 2day shud include queer/trans
Clean it up, coke whore
PhDStudentPanel graduate students speaking about their library needs...
Sometimes things are too broken to be fixed
Thanks everyone.
I thought big black cloud might indicate rain.
Now I know it really means Rick Perry's a racist.
Seriously?
2 hours of sleep
people i get my facebook dez month u know u could hit me up there 2 when i get yall goin 2 hav my name ima put it on here
no it was 6thhhh.
because i remember specifically that day james marone rode his bike to my house.
LMFAO
Do this.
1.
Make a hit list of everyone you hate.
2.
Go down the list, and send warm/caring thoughts to each person.
3.
Feel better.
The Pens need to learn how to play a damn game!
My fingers hurt!!!
I shoulda learned piano.
Lol.
Sad?
You will later be happy.
Crying?
You will later be smiling.
Because Newtons law says for every action there is an opposite reaction
Still have to write this letter....damn!
lmfao gasp no its perf for your previous tweet
Mixtape :Blow Up Like Da World trade doctorps Sep.15 .New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee!
www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
No school!
Happy Presidents Day!
it's okay Jason, real men cry, cook  listen 2 the Moth
Cranking Lady Gaga straight from Milwaukee to Madison.
Quite the pleasurable trip.
My iLove app has apparently already been invented and uses a GPS system to detect folks around you.
Next idea: virtual bacon.
In love with Alex Clare!!
Love his music!
I remember when social networking was something that happened in person
Let's get together for a beer one of these nights!
Have a great weekend.
Today I get to dive into Critical Race Theory work on Equal Employment Opportunity.
I like starting new projects!
cool, I'll be watching 2nite!
Making no sense...clogging toilets...getting weeted...life of a blodster...
Check us out and follow us its your boy Des
Thanks for the RT!
:
wow!
I didn't think you would me: Its been forever!!
im doing good!
You?
: Some people are meant to fall I'n love with eachother but not meant to be together.
Ex boyfriends are off limits to friends, I mean that's just like the rules of feminism ...
Congratulations to Bet Tzedek General Counsel Michelle Williams Court on her recent appointment to the LA Superior Court by Governor Brown
Thx!
We love Tabard Inn too.
RT : on the wknd try either Tabard Inn or you won't be disappointed
and I are gonna have a good summer
I'm not gunna see on my tv anymore , brb ima go cry a river .
is still a mile away from the finish line.
what a rip.
congrats!
Where we're you before?
What's up!
Are you going to be able to make it to class on Monday?
It's always That 1 who wants a relationship The 1 who just wants to have sex    the 1 who always wants to chill 
It is a good thing, not a bad thing, that I can think of good reasons to vote for any candidate running in wirecall today
Thanks for sharing the fantastic elearning resources.
I will pass them along!
Epic Students rule, we had 22 tonight!
Ice blocking rocked!
Next week is the big fishing tourney!
Biggest fish gets 20!
Bring a friend!
well he's here!!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
you had the 50th tweet and you're qualified to go to Beverly Hills to hang with : We'll DM u!
let's be honest here......weave us cool dude.
He can do no wrong.
Ok I can't play tight.
We're 600 bb deep FFS!
HA HA that's why you fucking missed xD
hey, Ryan!
Was great to meet you too!
How was the rest of south by for you?
Progress.
And as soon as I turn on my computer and finish what I need too i am doing my tumblr.
Shit needs to get real son!
Cleaning today..
cleaning a lot of junk out
If I'm not follow u back, lemme know...my twitter wanna be an asshole.
if this was your yearbook I'd say have a great summer and never change.
You rock!
seriously had a blast w you!
Today is the Dean's birthday!
Please join us in wishing doctor Stan a very happy day, and many more!
its that amsterdam, paris and an extension to london.
its in 2013!!
so a whole year to save!!!
It's like being Google.
spent the morning interviewing people on the streets of Chicago for the Chicago French Market.
my pattern for working is addictive I place design ideas around and when new ideas pop up I cant stop working.thank u lord I'm addicted
I'm sorry Ashley.
:
Congrats Knicks on another win!
:
: .: And the bus bully strikes again.
ihatethisguy who is that?
this dude on the bus who acts like a bully
Simmons making excuses for the Clippers crowd.
Yet the Heat don't have any excuses.
You go.
First time back on cta in awhile and bus pops a tire.
This never happened when I took a boat to work.
Gonna be a long
follow us back please?
Mission: do for books what has been done for journals
since i dont listen to lyricsonly listen to music as a background type thing, i dont even realize but i listen to soo much christian music
Had a nice day with some of the FreedomLink Kids...
Will switch to SMS soon...
:
This CelticsHawks series has been the most intense so far.
When a person develops attachment to another or an object he is bound to go through pain and suffering.
Now I'm curious.
I wonder how many MLS ownership groups are directly tied to Goldman Sachs.
Riddle me this.
You can see me, you can feel me, if you touch me you will die.
What am I?
Every time I do this, I get arrested.
Tonight  the worst.
bus zips by me w/o stopping.
Just want to jump in bed w/ wine  dinner before 7am alarm for class.
Vacation pls.
Omw to thank god for my blessings
Its so hard not to argue with people...needa work on that shit.
no good very bad week
so these finals tomorrow 
Thanks Love.
You too!
Lol RT : That awkward moment when your hipster friend dies because living was too mainstream for them.
we just sent you a DM.
another reason I shouldn't follow my childoctorn on twitter!
Feel better!
site is down.
Too many people with the
If you're close to Damon, I more than likely know you :
Gift card has real value.
Save it for l8r.
Ccake is munch, munch, happy, then same as was b4: .
ha!
Thank you!
:
GoKingsGo power play!
My sleep pattern is all jacked up 
Decent point RT : aww please.
We couldn't get much worse at this point.
Think he can pitch?
You're on my email list, right?
You will tomorrow.
:
RT : The only competition you will ever have is the competition between your disciplined and undisciplined mind.
im safe
Darn right, they do.
Sharks can smell blood from a mile away.
Inner meditation with self is a reservoir of opportunity to visualize and feel your way towards whatever it is you desire.
her.
Ugh, it's none of my business but she's just taking it..
Illini Whitney Mercilus is coming strong for the NFL doctorft.
Do you think hell make it big?
thank you so much.
You had me worried for a second there RT : But........
I still meant what I said tho...
RealTalk LMAO...
will discuss the benefits of Indiana's proposed 3rd Grade Reading Initiative tomorrow morning at 9:20 am EST on
You have any friends into fell running here in twitterland that could share info?
Derby Day May 5th at Tavern Wash ParkStarting at 11am2 Pizza Slices and Pretzel Twists with LIVE DJ Spinning all Afternoon and Night!
I left Facebook for a reason.
Please don't announce I'm on twitter.
I think you get it.
You don't need to respond.
Anyway let me correct my statement from earlier, a single mom is the DOMINANT caregiver of a child.
BREAKFAST TACOS FOREVER.
Really dign my new big screen tv....compliments of the Lawmans....
Thanks for retweeting.
Have a great day
Bossy on twitter smh
Rogers just hit an incoming ball with a line doctorve.
I've never seen this.
Like Randy Johnson hitting that bird.
thanks Moose!
:
Great article on Cal !
Thanks !
Pace U come celebrate the Second Year Anniversary for the Pace Perk Cafe!
I'll be spinning all night!
Come say Hi 9:301:30
Oh , your voice makes my heart melt every time.
You are wonderful.
sign up for it!
It's cool
Dirty loops isn't my thing.
It seems like almost all jazz musicians love it.
I'm not sure where that leaves me.
Oh well.
tomorrow is a whole new day
text could be repackaged in many ways because each chapter is 'hyper' compartmentalized  word level?
sentence?
paragraph!
Bono is in Baltimore today.
Who gets down to some U2 records?
I'm reminded of my brother, whose prostate cancer has effectively ended his sex life.
Today is the big day our Bikers will be at the finish line thus completing 100 miles from coast to coast!
Go team Go!
that last post was will be sure to chat with ya!
Whoops!
Look I love , game's in OT but I gotta say this now..If WE con't givin up big leads late 3rd, 4th qtrNoRing
Man that's what I've been saying!
RT : Ugly chicks be winning on the low.
Not looking forward to waking up early tomorrow.
But tomorrow includes a lunch date and an interview!
milwaukee Let's take back the weekend, ace hardware style!
I keep some diet frozen dinners at work for when I just dont have the time to prepare my usual fresh nutritious meal for lunch!
RT Dempster's been long overdue for an inning like this, just like Cubs were long overdue to score for him.
you met ??
of course LOL
RT : Repertory Opera Theater of Washington is seeking a Tenor to sing the role of Don Carlo in Don Carlo email:
8 more days til I move out of Cambridge :o
If Y'all Niggahs Don't Like My Tweets, Click That Unfollow Button Instead Of Bitching Like The Bitches Y'all Bitch Ass Niggas Are!
Bitches!
We would like to invite you to our Fall Meetup.
If you can DM us we'll send you all the info.
ReFill tonight!
we're headed to RAS tonight for the show up on Georgia Ave
Congrats to the cap on the clean sheet, but he pretty much just hung out all night cuz  the rest of the d dominated
When is your new mixtape coming out??
When people assume tweets are about them 
Good morning Tampa Bay!!
Have a beautiful day everyone :
u guys amazingly rock!!!
And this week really rocked!
I love rain
lol im tryna get back in the hang of things lol
My first and last baby sunburn of the springtime has appeared in the shape of a razorback tank.
90 min of patiotime in the Texas sunshine.
Dinner before ypweek Gala with at Calderone
they've apparently gotten some really useful help in identifying implements found at the site from enthusiasts around the world.
they may also use the Gaelic slinte..perhaps tonight we'll make it a double :
Im glad i gave the name of first puppy Brutus!!
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Clare Booth Luce
mayweather says he's 1 all the time.
No loss record.
True.
However if u want to keep that record quit or fight the best.
Love  Theft Angel Eyes NowPlaying on
I know you can rock it!!
Let me know how it goes.
you are almost a wifey!!!
Yay!!!
you pick your top 3, and you could win a trip for the finale!
I'd die!
:
That is great.
All wedding portraits should have robots!
wah i wish i was home with you, especially tonight
Transparent but so hard to break through.
: we can find new and unique ways to advance online campaigns  take them to the next level.
Fingers crossed!
Shepard is the greatest galactic badass ever...
he makes luke skywalker look like Adam lambert.....
who woulda thunk we'd end up in largo...at a checkers..
I have stomach problems :
All the same!
I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming.
Bach
Don't be hating!
I'm not just a pretty face!
:
Okay, it's Toon Town, not Toonton.
You've been watching too much PBS.
Mitchell...Modern Family  Disneyland  favorite thing ever on TV.
my favorite is short and sweet, the youtube video bell hooks on rap music
: I will push down the garbage for days before I'll take it outside.
BecauseImAGuy
Glad to be home.
I missed by little girl and big guy.
Thx for sharing!
i kno that was still messesd up wat he said
smh im super young!!!
Unknown Antonym n.
The opposite of the word youre trying to think of.
Thoughts before falling asleep: I wonder how many ppl w/ You Only Live Once tattoos are pissed cuz now it means you're down for anal?
Aiemwitu by Musiq Soulchild is still the most beautiful love song ever.
It brings me to tears everytime.
Happy tears.
memories:
yeah I just need to get on my PC and go thru and weed out a bunch one day real quick.
Just a matter of finding time.
Sabotage at
Valentine's Day gift ideas please.
Feeling stressed about what to get my man.
Excited to be working with Dell for the upcoming DellWorld Virtual Summit.
Pretty sure I am the lamest social media user ever.
Last tweet was 75 days ago.
My, how things have changed.
New job gone, back 2 basics.
I'm waiting for one that I think will turn out to be a 150 day one.
Rejection farming is fun.
you should go with me!!
Also FF to those who RT this week and thanks for mentions
yeah I fucking can't stand jack and all his bullshit and his ass lickers
Our Next SEO Seminar session is Feb 25th 10am4pm at BlankSpaces, in Santa Monica CA .
Save 50 by using discount code Chad.
Hunt: how we left Bosnia was a mess.
It's still politically frozen.
Still have to identify by ethnic group.
Now you're just someone I used to know.
Will someone come and carry me home tonight?
I love this spring time weather but my allergies are kicking my ass lol :/
If you're single, stop waving it around like a damn flag.
Its annoying as hell
so neat.
the 1st 5K I ever did I felt like I was floating on air ;
he could straddle a goat and ride off in to the sunset.
im now sucked in watched the 1st and 2nd movie yesterday.
Can't wait to watch the wedding!
Fml i have 2 go 2 stupid skool and my sister freakin gets to go to santa cruz i hate when this happens my parents always put my sis over me
Sadly no.
Been wanting to hit MuseumNext for yrs.
Perhaps 2013.
Mnwhl, I'll hashtag fr afar : Let us know when you plan 2 visit!
Tweet me if you have a tumblr!
We each travel different paths but that does not mean we cannot walk together.
hope aldy is doing better!
: I'm a huge Colts fan but i'd say their done for.
SuckForLuck...
I'd say you're not alone.
What a great morning, we may not be where we want to be, but we are far from where we were.
please tell me you have seen tweets
your tweets are making me sad!
DON'T YOU FUCKING LOOK AT ME!!!!!
HA can you make me copies so I can sell at cons!!!!!
houstonevents Joe Jonas with Jay Sean: House of Blues  Houston 1204 Caroline Street, Houston, Texas 77002 United States
If you are interested in taking over the Lyons Hotspots just email us at
why all that man :/
Starting to work on annual dinner honoring Eugene M.
Grant in November.
Back in building after being evacuated yesterday.
All is well.
Ok, my head is back on track, just needed a good boost of Xtamina Energy doctornk!
First, I laughed.
Then I realized Lizz was jusy fuckin' with uppers.
At least, I hope she is.
FOLLOW BACK BRUH..
PUT ME IN YO CIRCLE :
Yea so how u been
Might go home after lunch .
.
.
Debating ..
Let's Go
Took my first football type hit since the last time I played football, and it felt great!
I do see why you a mouth guard and helmet though.
Remember tonight you can get shots of Jack and Absolut at Kilroy's Sports for only 4!
RT : SO great seeing everyone!
Seriously.
But I hate all of those dumbass girls that obsess over cats.
Congrats!
And welcome!!
goodnight Annie.
Sleep with Angels.
Oops.
Turns out the J league is a professorssional soccer league.
They granted our entry because they were too polite to point that out.
The one thing in this world i hate more than my neighbors...
My neighbors grandkids.
thatawkwardmoment when you've talked to someone for so long, they get a gf/bf and they ignore you.
Why ignore me if I'm just a friend.....?
2012 Annual Grant Panels to day at the Indiana Landmarks Center.
Be sure to follow us at
Glad to be sharing my birthday with have a great day friend!!!
wea u work
Of course, now I am hoping Bangkok is not Atlantis before we arrive.
Must.
Get.
Galoshes.
It's quitting time!
Come down to Sabbatic and get 241 EVERYTHING from 5 to 9!
Check out MKE's Best Happy Hour, and have a little fun.
Im tryna get high
Anything new after we spoke last week about your upcoming seminars??
/me crosses appendages for your inquiry to be successful
2 out of 3 fouls on Ray were bogus.
Taking him out of the game.
Go Celtics!
There's no one awake to talk to....
lots o' shit.
Why aren't you ever on IM anymore?
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
Think positive, be positive, and do positive t
There's no rain in the basement of Sweet Melissa's.
Slip free mosh.
same here!
Guys, it's ok that I can't read bus maps cause I can just take a cab!
Being hot then suddenly being extremely cold  sickprobz 
There's a twitter account for that: RT : Bryce Harper at bat
Oh Yeah!
I'm a bitch lol
So you are my new favorite youtuber: Your really funny: 3
it's swagger south by my house but the original swagger is at 85th and wornall like I've told before!
Arabic Proverb To the pure all things are pure.
Two days until Next Big Nashville!
Just left a froufrou DC happy hour to go to a 5 Guys Burger  fries.
Best decision I made today.
the beard philosopher has spoken...
I woke up in a car, and traced away the fog so i could see the mississippi on her knee
Jodeci  Love yu for life.!
My song
Any of my fellow bloggers going to c2e2?
I feel pretty good about this decision now!
Thanks, friends.
Eh, I'll survive, I'm sure.
I like Charlize Therons character but idk just seems very blahzay
I have to say I don't really like songs from a band group but this group is pretty good they have some real good songs
let's do it !!
Thatd be sick!
Come on!
That is ridiculous.
We don't live at the North Pole...
Seriously ...
I have to go to work tomorrow?
I mean, come on!
Hope you have a good day, I know I am 
Most courses give a common final exam  same across the building, some even across the District.
4 courses give state EOC exam.
Wanna be a tattoo model ???
Contact me on my Face Book or on my Twitter.
Hm gotta love a KFC meal touchdown Bears RT : Q5 FoodieChat Who makes the best Fried Chicken?
Which have you found more valuable: answering on LI or Quora.
Agree that offline is highly valuable.
Sorry for the message tweet but my account for hack
i love you 
Dammit, I missed that.
Yours was much more concise than mine, too.
I think I got to work today fuck
QuestLove on Jimmy Fallon...
I know old news, but first time actually watching.
Still think it's crazy..
Love it.
P90X Day 2 Done.
Sore.
Muscles tired.
Goal: In remaining 88 days, get into good enough shape to do P90X again, but all out from the start.
Congratulations Seniors!
We'll miss you guys.
good job last night!
it was amazing :
loving this new romance!
You two are so cute!
Great episode!
Good Company!
Thank you for sharing  the RTs!
: Absolutely Bro...
It's Bout To Go Down This Summer..
Ready?
Haha yeazzir time 2 get more tatts.
Lol
this shit better be bluray
ima listen to it
Bronx Zoo is the Beast 
I don't have to justify myself to anyone.
Perk of living alone.
:
..and so it begins...
congrats!
Ask u gotta be a that's Gucci
Goodnight everyone sweetdoctoramz follow also please  thank you!!
Cool.
I was by Caesars Friday night.
Just walking down the strip.
for VERY inspiring health info follow and look how gorgeous her skin is!!
I apologize!
It was a must.
But now we shall never speak of the horrid moment.
swagg I do!
what party?
: btw steve..
We must have a doctornk while ure here.
Wait I am doctoraming again ?
Lol
Did we mention that there's no credit check for our discount card?
We're just sayin'!
www.diversityplatinum.com
i heart you too only i would do that
Oh that WOULD be awesome!
But no...it isn't that.
Soon come.
Soon come!
Not until the summertime.
Lol
Then again, I did see Eric in concert..
Columbus Mayor Coleman is clearly fired up and
dont make cool music,MAKE INCREDIBLE ISH!
im goin crazy behind thismuzikproduction n mixin ish,i'll b n a strait jacket when we reach da top
Congrats on the win!
1 more W to Indy!
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
hey Cory
probly going be my last day at bullard :/ hopely next week can be my last week!!
going to miss my bullard high familyy!:
hm where should we introduce our product first???
Who hates social media, but has to use it?
Anyone who uses Microsoft Skydoctorve can get a free 25GB upgrade by logging in and following the prompt.
Smores is totally an acceptable breakfast substitute ;
I am not my career, or my accomplishments or my possessions.
I am a divine creation.
I no longer let the outer world define my inner self.
I'm seeing it fine here.
lets go time to roll
I feel the same about doctorw.
Get Dwight in here, add DWill or Nash, and ship these boys outta here.
Deion, how will the Cowboys look next season?
How have you been?
It's been a while.
I'm actually allowed to be on Facebook during work, I get to create our Facebook page!
LOL!!!
RT : Guess I'll grab a Falcons sweatshirt from the airport in Atlanta.......
Nah, I rather freeze.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
quit being a whorebag at work and hangout
What a great time we had last night at Shanghai Jazz.
Thank you for coming out.
I heard it on radio TODAY: That which you do not know, you cannot use
Y is Erry niggaz rapping story the same?
Sorry to have to reschedule today, can you do tomorrow or Friday?
Thanks, Patrick!
You're the only thing I miss about the GMU shuttle!
:
This can't be real.
hey I like what you are all about 
No school Monday !
Pretty nice
your diet sounds awesome, maybe incorporate more cardio like biking or running, and also try HIIT workouts!
love this place!!
It changed my life when I took the amazing creative insight journey by !!
:
you and your medium will be dead I hope to help cause it.lol and no lol.
I'm taking a new leaf; I hope the rangers win tonight so my friends are happy..
I bet you assholes believed me for a second there
Sounds like a panel put together by the Republicans in the US House of Representatives.
Both sad  ignorant!
So much for him being the Cavs victory cigar
I probably did worse shit than Romney in high school.
Libs dismantle capitalism brick by brick, then blame it for consequences, or say they haven't gone far enough e.g.
War on Poverty, education
Thanks Zoe :
We will air Part 2 of the Donlin Creek Gold Mine story at 10
I will go pointbypoint delegitimizing your points on Saturday.
Can't wait.
don't Sass me!
TONIGHT inside barcentral...3 whatever u want at the bar and any 2 bottles of ciroc, sky or goose for 75!!!
Hit me up for bottle service!
Listening to Bored Games, wild nothing.
And it's honestly depressing the crap outta me.
SKIP.
Aww thanks!
We'll checkout the comedy!
Only women that have been the love interests for the superheroes.
No problem, I am sure we'll hang out for more than 5 minutes one of these days.
Not your fault!
Kinda hot in these rhinos....
Looks good to me.
Putting together a GN order next week.
Whose goal was to over throw Ferdinand Marcos and his dictatorial regime and bring back democracy in the Philippines.
Thank you for FF!
Raising money for our is just what is doing to help our Chief stay in charge.
Oh my banana bread looks and smells amazing:
Went to Bobcats last night.Lost the game by 20 but won the fan count by 30.Good crowd.Hang w/ your cats/hornets.
3 players away
Tune in tomorrow, Saturday the 5th ONLY, for a special discount on U ST Jam tables!
But I'm excited about the potential for 40s and sunny.
That's easy to pack for.
haha!
Ok, will do.
Can we reuse the phrase, too?
:
I am enjoying my days off from work i got football pactice torrow......
Watching GreenyTheDance right now.
Good luck Greenyespn!
I consider myself a megan.
I like potatoes, though.
And corn.
Peas, too.
And an american boy cover.
Again, killing it.
I be that pretty mothafucka
InMiddleSchool I dated the biggest sleaze that had ever walked thru RMS...
I loved every minute of it.
thanks lady!
appreciate it :
Hi new friends.
Thank you for your follows:
On my music flow, kooling to the max.....
listening to it right now love it :
why dont you.
it is a show that's completely unpredictable, complex,  entertaining.
If one does not doctorve the 2005 Chevy Equinox in a 24 hour time frame, the battery doctorins.
do u want to?
Lol : I know u want madison!
3
In the streets
I think two  a hafe men should just close the casket  just get canceld
Love me some CN Blue remixing!!
TOO MANY TBH STATUSES ON FB.
S/O goes to my new follower  tweep Thanks for the follow.
Appreciate It
: I turned down the volcano lava cake.
My mom doesn't understand skinny bitch season Buahaha not the lava cake!!
Its alright if you smoke weed but why brag about it?
Interested to hear more!
To all of my ex gf's or females related to me in that nature, in a few years you will recognize me as the 1 u let get away!
that boy is ridiculous lol
I fucking hate being ignored.
Just concentrate on the edits  TwitterWorld will still be here when you're done ;   good luck, btw!
schweet!
So excited!!!
not sure..
i gotta get off the computer too .
So frustrated w/ USAir.
Flight to Phili  canceled.
Flight to Charlotte  canceled.
Flight to Syracuse  canceled.
Reason: Maintenance.
I love the ones where the belly is exposed, just to make sure we know that girl is pregnant, not fat.
then they hang up and call back and ask why they are on hold that long
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
Charles Lamb
it is what it is 3
and you apparently know what there talking about when they say it and if you hate the singer or person so much theres is a unfollow button
Already too hot?
RT : Complained.
RT It's a record breaking 82 degrees.
What did you do to celebrate the heat?
Thank you for your great contributions in womens basketball both over at Stanford and with the Minnesota Lynx.
my bad i had class but yeah i was in the study hall were are u now
sounds like an awsome.time if I a had cable or that Chanel :
Sometimes it's okay to play defense and NOT PINCH PAUL MARTIN.
its on CBS which is 12
I don't know you, but ignore all the idiots.
It was fucked up what that girl did.
Stay strong, it'll get better!
Never fails, happens every time....glass or two of wine at night  random, weird doctorams.
Can't even remember them, but I know it was random.
For those who haven't already, please follow me on my new twitter Will stop using this twitter in a few days
s/o depaull bball squad had it going crazy too
